<Author>GP45
<Content>Perfect location We stayed one night here to celebrate the new year in London, watching the fireworks on the embankment as Big Ben struck. The hotel was in a perfect location for the underground. Having arrived at the hotel earlier than anticipated, our room was not quite ready. The receptionist was apologetic and helpful and we were provided with coffee while we waited. The room was spotless and quiet despite being in close proximity to the station. Our breakfast was good - plenty of choice and good coffee with attentive and polite staff. Overall, we had a very pleasant experience and check out at the end of our stay was no different. Smiling staff who made us feel like we mattered. For a hotel in the centre of London on new years eve, we thought the price reasonable. This was a very good place to stay and hopefully we will return! We can thoroughly recommend.GP. Solihull  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Bobster115
<Content>Good hotel and location Stayed with my fiance and a couple of friends on New Years Eve 2008. The hotel is conveniently located near London Bridge Station, so close to tube, rail and bus services. We arrived and checked in without any problems. Our double room was compact but furnished to a modern standard with a plasma screen TV. It was cleaned to a very high standard. Was hoping for better quality toiletries in the bathroom though. There are lots of bars and pubs nearby if you don't want to pay hotel prices for food and drink. This hotel suited our purpose and I would recommend staying here.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>fisham
<Content>very pleasant stay We just returned from a christmas stay at the london bridge Hotel. When we arrived, we were given a room that turned out to have a broken heating system, The manager was very apologetic and did what he could to remedy the situation including the loan of an electric heater. The next morning as the heating was still not fixed he moved us to a room which was functioning perfectly and was beautifully decorated. The hotel is very clean and well appointed. We booked the deluxe room as we were a family of three and found the room spacious, though the bathroom was too small for anybody but one at a time. The breakfast buffet which was included in the room price was terrific, though one morning there was an extremely long line waiting to be seated. The hotel is in an acceptable location if all the subways are working, which unfortunately was not the case when we were there! The London Bridge station is across the street from the hotel and would have been perfectly convenient if there had been service on the Jubilee line! Certainly not the hotel's fault.If you are really interested in the theater or Hyde park then this is probably not the most convenient solution for a stay in London.If you are interested in Borough market or the Tate modern museum then it is a great location. Looking at other hotels in London and their prices there is no question that the London bridge hotel offers a wonderful value for the price.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Don9
<Content>Excellent once again We have just returned home from a four night stay at the london Bridge hotel and once again are completely satisfied. All the rooms have now been renovated to a high standard and the buffet breakfast is second to none. It is in a great location especially from Gatwick airport as you simply take the train to London Bridge station and it is a two minute walk from the main entrance. Book through Alpha rooms or GTA hotels for a great rate and enjoy a wonderful stay at this excellent hotel.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jethrosdad
<Content>Ummm, needs more staff training We arrived after a journey from Scotland, complete with two large suitcases and hand luggage. Tired.Reception wanted to charge us slightly more for our New Year's Eve accommodation, but we got that sorted out. The directions to our room were dreadful. With our bags, there was no-one to help us with negotiating the two lifts, two swing doors and six steps. We needed a route map. No porters available.Breakfast was a shambles. The last time I had to stand in line for breakfast was at boarding school. The buffet was fair but as it was included in the price we had it twice in our five day stay.The location of the hotel is great for South East London activities (London Eye, Tower of London, London Dungeon, Tate Modern) and there are plenty of good restaurants around.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>Aepplet
<Content>Friendly staff, great value, great location! We got a fantastic deal on this hotel via Yeego. We stayed 5 nights just after Christmas.The hotel is very conveniently located: just next to London Bridge railway and underground station, which means west end in 10 minutes via tube and Gatwick airport in 30 mins (direct trains to Gatwick south terminal for about 10 pounds as opposed to the Gatwick express to London Victoria which comes to over 16 GBP). Buses are also available. Southwark cathedral is across the street and the walk along the riverbank to the Globe Theatre and Tate Modern is lovely.Our room was a standard twin: maybe slightly small (as standard in London hotels) but clean, equipped with TV, iron  ironing board, trouser press, safe, minibar, and tea-making facilities (hidden away in a drawer to save space but replenished daily and clean). There is also complimentary wireless access to the internet in the room. If you prefer cable connection, you can borrow a cable from the front desk, against a small a refundable deposit. Breakfast is excellent. The breakfast area (lower ground floor) is pleasant, clean, and well manned. Cereal, fruit, yogurt, juices, and full English breakfast are available from the buffet (great scrambled egg!), together with bread and small pastries. Coffee and tea (the real things, not the stuff out of a dispenser!) are brought to your table, together with toast and a choice of jam, marmelade and honey. For those who like reading in the morning, the Times is also available for free (must get there early enough though!). One morning we had to queue for some time before we managed to make it into breakfast but that is a slight glitch that can occur if you have large groups of people rushing in all the same time and did not happen again anyway. The only thing that confused us was that for a couple of days room service folded our used towels so neatly they looked like fresh ones, although we had not left them on the floor for changing but put them on the racks instead, as we intended to use them again. The fact that this is the only negative thing I can say about our experience at this hotel speaks for itself.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>KimJersey
<Content>Enormous apartment Stayed in one of the apartments next door to the hotel. The apartment was ENORMOUS, lounge, fully fitted and equiped kitchen, 2 bedrooms, 1 ensuite and a house shower room. Not cheap but worth the money. The lounge had 3 settees, huge TV, desk, dining table and chairs and the kitchen had everything in it including enough crockery to host a party for 20.Location next to London Bridge station was perfect for getting in to central London and also for direct link to Gatwick which made travelling really easy.Went to Borough Market, around the corner, on Saturday morning but it was so busy it was difficult to see anything. Queues for the London Dungeon were huge but was nice to walk along the south side of the river.Had tea at the Wolsely in Piccadilly which was very disappointing, having looked forward to it for months.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	3	3	

<Author>chrissyiob
<Content>Fab, Highly recommended Hotel I booked this hotel as six of us were going to a show in London between the 20th and 21st December. We were upgraded to Executive rooms as soon as we got there, by pleasant reception staff, which was a fab surprise. The beds were massive, the bedding/sheets really comfortable, and the extras like fresh apples and water in the room were a nice touch. The bathroom was nice enough but didn't really match the quality of the bedroom. The breakfast (which was included in the price) was very good, and the staff were great when told that my husband was a coeliac and cooked his breakfast appart from everybody elses. There was plenty of choice including fruit, cereals, colds meats and the usual English breakfast. Definately a hotel I would recommend, and one which we will be making sure we go back to in the near future.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelsra
<Content>Best Breakfast!       Hotel Artwork Hijinx  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>_Lozza_18
<Content>Best Hotel I've Stayed In Should Be 5 Star       The View From Across The Road - London Bridge Hotel  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>L00ps
<Content>Recommended - excellent value and excellent service Main impression - very clean, well maintained and conscienciously cared for.Friendly, attentive and efficient staff. Good Englsh breakfast buffet in well maintained dining room.Excellent value. Will return!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>VonGuller
<Content>Very nice hotel and service Clean rooms, nice staff, good breakfast. Near the thames river and london bridge station.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kt55
<Content>Excellent City Centre Base - Great Hotel We stayed here for 3 nights at the end of November 2008. Loved the hotel, great location, good sized room, we had a standard double on the second floor, it had a lovely kingsize bed and plenty of room - modern  very clean. Some traffic noise could be heard at night but foam earplugs soon sorted that out . Great choice at the buffet breakfast. Located only a minute from LB station  tube and just around the corner from Borough Market - a must if you're there Thursday ?, Friday or Saturday.Would definitely stay here again , when we're next visiting the capital - great value  quality - We would thoroughly recommend the London Bridge Hotel.Steven  Julie  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>NITraveller
<Content>London Break Hotel Just got back from a 2 day pleasure/buisness stay at this hotel. Firstly the hotel is very close to London Bridge Bus/Train/Underground Station , so transport is not an issue. The hotel was easy to find and is a pleasant building. A travel agent had booked the room for me and the price 拢189 per night did not include breakfast. My travelling colleagues had booked directly with the hotel and paid 拢70 less and breakfast was included. I though this was going to be an issue but the helpful manager agreed to include breakfast on both mornings. Breakfast was buffet and was reasonably good not the best I've had but not the worst either. We had chosen this hotel from these reviews and one that said it was close to the O2 Arena it is two stops away on the underground and was very easy to get to. The Thames Path is nearby and you can walk towards HMS Belfast , Tower Bridge , Tower of London quite easily from this hotel. We ate at O2 and in a different part of London , but we did have a drink that at the Borough Bar , which is part of the hotel but the bar nearest the Underground 'All Bar One' and this was a good bar. We also had a drink at Bunch of Grapes , which is behind the hotel and near Guys Hospital. The rooms in the hotel were fine by London Standards and a good size TV and space. The bathrooms were also fine, Tip take the plug out of the sink to make the water run away quicker. Didn't really meet the staff other than a brief check in and at breakfast. The manager was very helpful with the breakfast issue and checkout. This hotel is clean and modern and probably second to the City Inn at Westminster, where I have stayed at before. This is London and like all hotels a base for any visit. I would recommend this hotel especially for O2 and access to transport.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>tallman10
<Content>great location excellent hotel,good location being so close to london bridge station, and southwark cathedral. funky rooms and a great breakfast. a good oasis for city stays.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	3	5	4	

<Author>lollipop25
<Content>Four Stars for London Bridge We went to the london for the frist time in half term and stayed at the london bridge, we could not fault the hotel, good staff, lovely rooms and as for breakfast as much as you could eat. We will be sure to book again.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luv2trvlbs
<Content>Great Hotel! We stayed at the London Bridge Hotel for 3 nights and it was a great way to begin our trip to England. The hotel is a small botique hotel and very nicely done. The hotel staff was very helpful and took care of all details. We would definately stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	3	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>deb_neil
<Content>Excellent Very smart hotel in an excellent location. Very easy to find and close to underground. All staff greeted us with a smile and we felt welcome. The room was tastefully decorated and super-clean bathroom. Breakfast was superb and staff worked hard to ensure food was replaced and replenished as necessary. Would recommend this to my friends and anyone looking for a good base while in the city.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelFamily11
<Content>Great Location! i had Six nights in the London Bridge Hotel. Reception was friendly and helpful and cheerfully agreed to make arrangements for our very early morning trip to the airport several days later. The room was clean, but small, even by European standards. The en suite bathroom was perfect. Furnishings were new and had flat panel t.v.. The bed was a soft double, large enough for two adults. At night, the room was quite due from any outside noise. This place was very nice, and certainly a very good value despite the hefty room tariff. While the location was very good for sight seeing, I would recommend this hotel. Across the street from the London Bridge tube station - can get anywhere in London from this location.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>parkgateshrimp
<Content>- Ten out of Ten! My daughter and I have just returned from a weekend stay booked through RoomsNet.com and it's hard to imagine that for the price we paid we could have stayed anywhere better. The hotel is situated close to Southwark Cathedral and a very short walk from the tube and Borough Market.. Check in was straightforward, the reception staff (and all the others we came across) were extremely pleasant and helpful and our room was spotlessly clean with everything we needed - including air conditioning that actually worked! The beds were comfortable and the bathroom was excellent.. Breakfast, which was included in the price we paid, was served in the downstairs restaurant and catered for all tastes. Apart from hot drinks and toast which were brought to the table for you it was self-serve and there was a very wide range of items to choose from which staff constantly replenished.  We checked out on the Sunday morning but were able to leave our bags safely at the hotel until we were ready to leave in the evening.We certainly wouldn't hesitate to stay here again - the hotel's web-site gives a very favourable impression of its facilities and its staff and our experience found this to be justified.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Taylor0444
<Content>Excellent Hotel And Breakfast I stayed here for one night on the 14th November 08. This hotel is very clean and very well decorated. I wanted one nights stay with an excellent breakfast and this is what I got. The services were very good and if anyone doesn't give this hotel at least an above average score then they've either got more money then sense or over fussy. You will like this hotel for a shot stay in London and all the sites are very close to it. I was impressed.with my stay. Taylor  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>SticksV
<Content>Worth a 4... for sure. I wanted to write a review for this Hotel because I thought the current 3 rating was a little harsh. Whilst I wouldn't necessarily give it a 5, a 4 is definately a fairer representation, I would say.Firstly, I would say all the usual requirement boxes were checked:*Comfy bed* Modern  Clean bathroom.* Modern decor in bedroom.* Flat screen satelite tv etc.However, I have three (main) pro's for this hotel...1.) Great Central Location... very close to London Bridge Tube Station, making all other tube stops easily accessible.2.) Room we stayed in seemed to be well sound proofed, quite crucial given the close proximity to the tube line. I am a very light sleeper and I was not distrubed once in the night/morning at all.3.) Great breakfast... although I understand you normally have to pay for this seperately, ours was included as part of the deal for the room.RECOMMENDATION...We booked through LateRoom.Com and got the room at a competitive price compared to London Bridge's own website prices, our rate also included the breakfast, which would've been (as I recall) somewhere in the region of 拢15 per person... so is worth checking out this booking agent.Although, I would say its worth ringing on morning of your arrival (as I did) to confirm whether you have been allocated a double or a twin room. We wanted a double but had been allocated a twin room... as it happened there was no problem changing to a double room at late notice and there was no extra charge for this either. Just a point worth noting.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>SHBBled
<Content>Careful with online booking and cancellation!!! We booked a room at this hotel through their online reservation system. Unfortunately, we had to cancel our travel plans so I wanted to cancel the room as well. Four days prior to our planned arrival I canceled the room through the reservation system. As I haven't received any confirmation that the reservation has in fact been canceled, I tried to cancel it again. I immediately got a reply from the system, that the reservation has already been canceled so I thought everything was fine, even though I still had no e-mail confirming this. However, I got a phone call from the hotel the day after we were supposed to check in. I tried to explain the situation as there was clearly an error in the online reservation system but they still charged me for one night. So this might be a perfectly nice hotel but I will definitely never try to stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vanessa1957
<Content>Very nice hotel Nice hotel. Arrived early and was offered a smoking room that was available (although we don't smoke) if we didn't want to wait until our room was ready. We waited 15 minutes until our room was ready. Pleasantly surprised by the quality of the room, Room 305, , plenty of hot water and fresh clean sheets. The view from the window was of London Bridge. Stayed just one night. Pleasant staff. Would stay again without hesitation.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>virgintripper
<Content>Easy to find Of all hotels we stayed in this was the easiest to find. We caught the train from Gatwick to London Bridge and the hotel is about 80 metres from the station - excellent when you are dragging luggage around!The room was spacious with a lovely bathroom and the staff were most helpful. An easy walk to the tube and also plenty of buses available at the station.Breakfast was included in tariff and was great, plenty of variety.We found a nice pub around the corner called A Bunch of Grapes and enjoyed a few excellent meals there. Friendly service and great atmosphere.Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Finnster58
<Content>Excellent Hotel and Location Date 31 Oct 2008We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights on the Deluxe Package which was excellent value,room was clean and tidy with plenty of space complete with TV DVD and mini bar.On arrival our room was not available we were early but this was not a problem the concierge was called and our cases taken from us and kept until we arrived back from a trip around Borough Market which is only a 2 minute walk away and not to be missed.All the staff we came into contact with were fantastic and always had a smile on their faces,they are all very polite and seem to have been trained to a very high standard.Keep up the good work London Bridge Hotel we will return.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>peak121
<Content>quality hotel value for money arrived late saturday night no problem quickly shown to room very clean very well presented had late evening out on return had to buzz to get back in good level of securityexellent full english next morning everything red hot and nothing too much trouble for the staffoverall a very pleasant experience would recommend it to anyone  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pargaluvva
<Content>Disappointed We have just returned from a 2 night stay at the London Bridge. Before booking I did the usual searching through reviews and was satisfied that I was in for a treat!! A couple of weeks before we arrived, checked the reviews again and to be honest thought about changing to another hotel but didn't so here is my honest review. Check in was very smooth and we were given the card for entry to our room on the third floor. We were greeted with dust sheets all along the corridor, the smell of paint and workmen repainting the 'tongue and groove' boarding along the corridor. At no time during the booking process where we advised that decorating would be ongoing. Breakfast was OK but not really 4 star standard; cereals, croissants, fresh fruit salad (which was awful) the usual bacon, eggs, hash browns, baked beans, mushrooms, tomatoes. You could order boiled/poached eggs and omlettes at no extra cost. On our last morning we went for breakfast at 9.50 to find the door locked. We knocked and when one of the waitresses opened the door she advised us that breakfast had finished! We said it was not yet 10 am to which she replied 'have you forgotten the clocks went back last night!! We pointed out there was still at least 5 mins before breakfast finished and she offered her apologies for the confusion and let us in. There was no bacon left, just a few eggs, hash browns and tomatoes; no-one asked us if they could get us anything. I requested an omlette, due to the lack of anything else, and luckily this was available. On a positive note, the rooms are a good size and the bathroom is large with a bath.Stayed at the City Inn in September and, in my opinion, the London Bridge has a long way to go to reach their standards.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Damaskfan
<Content>Very Please With This Hotel My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights over a weekend and were delighted with this hotel. To date it is the best London hotel we've stayed in. Usually the rooms are like shoe boxes and you are lucky if you can walk around the bed, along with faded decor etc - no so with this hotel. The rooms aren't massive but we got space to spread outThis hotel is clean, we found the staff to be friendly and it is in a central spot right next to the tube. The hotel is undergoing some updating and yes there is a smell of paint, the corridors are quite narrow and so when the ladies are working on bedrooms you do have to step around carts, bedding etc.A previous review mentioned that you can be seated right next to other guests at breakfast and this is true. We didn't mind this in a morning but I would object if it happened at an evening meal. We found the choice of food for breakfast excellent and plentiful. 2 floors of the hotel seemed to be closed off for the renovations, it does concern me that in the future if the hotel is fully occupied it might be very crowded at breakfast. But we shall see as we will be staying here again.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Eurofriends
<Content>Absolutely loved it!       Photo from across the street  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>trishCork
<Content>very disappointed arrived at 11 30 am too early to be checked in by the decidedly frosty reception staff, but we were prepared for this so we left our bags and went off to explore the area.Borough High street is not the most glamorous location in fact it's downright grotty. Returned to the hotel at 2 45pm to be told by the receptionist and I quote well we have only one room left, it's smoking, on the fourth floor and the painters are renovating up there at the moment so there will be a smell of paint but hopefully they'll be finished tomorrow . A simple welcome would have been so much nicer. When I said I would prefer something different I was told that she would have to check with house keeping. Eventually we were offered a room on the first floor rather grudgingly. The room was adequate; the first floor corridor was littered with dirty bed linen at 3 30 in the afternoon( this was already mentioned in another review, I should have paid more attention.) The room was small, the beds uncomfortable, the base of one of the beds extremely stained. For some reason housekeeping had left some cleaning sprays in the bathroom; not a big deal I know but on top of everything else really bugged me. Speaking of bugs one of the supposedly clean towels had a major bug squashed into it. I am trying guys to be positive but really the hotel did not make things easy. Earlier reviews mentioned in glowing terms the concierge! Well! I asked if he would reccommend a good place to eat lunch on saturday afternoon. He recommended a pub called the George on Borough High Street so off we went but imagine our horror to find, on reaching the pub that three police vans had got there before us and around twenty police men were running towards the pub as we were about to enter. This was turning into a black comedy at this stage. By the way there was no where to snack in the hotel unless you wanted room service and believe me the room was depressing enough without having to eat there as well. What the concierge failed to tell us (which we accidently stumbled on on our last day) was that there is a number of really nice cafes and a lovely pub near the globe theatre just to the left of London Bridge as you face it from the south side of the river. Why on earth were we not told this? Oh and by the way no bar in the hotel at weekends, at least not while we were there. the concierge was apparently not aware of this and when I told him the bar was closed he replied, and again I quote  Oh is it !!  One could have gotten a drink in the lobby. I use the word lobby very loosely, I really mean the little area in front of the reception and concierge desk, not exactly conducive to a relaxing nightcap. Oh and god forbid one needed toiletries such as shampoo and shower gel instead the only thing housekeeping left was cleaning spray. Really you had to laugh otherwise you would cry. I could tell you about the breakfast room where if there was only two of you the staff would place you right next to other poor unsuspecting couples, when I say right next to I really mean no gap between tables. Oh I could go on but I'll just leave things on this note; when we were checking out there was an elderly gentleman checking out before us. The receptionist asked him if he enjoyed his stay? The poor man seemed quite upset and said that he was on the fourth floor and was appalled at the smell of paint and the cables everywhere, very disappointed with the hotel What can I say London was wonderful as usual, ( we go at least once a year) wish I could say the same for the London Bridge Hotel but I can't. Next year we're going back to the Hilton Metropole on the Edgewear Road, streets ahead.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>nejbiii
<Content>Attentive staff. Chose hotel for its locality near the Old Vic Theatre and then searched tripadvisor for reviews.I liked the hotel staff for being very attentive.Bed was springy and the room was well equipped and clean.Breakfast was more than filling, but beware that baked beans might be cool (not hot).  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	5	3	

<Author>CatWomanKitty
<Content>Mostly good! We were given Room 110 which overlooked some kind of air/con vent which made a constant noise. Luckily we brought along ear plugs! The bed had seen better days as it was lumpy. I wanted to request another room but my husband was exhausted from the 24 hour flight and was happy to stay put.Other than these problems the room was spotlessly clean, the concierges were friendly and helpful and the location was excellent.Word of warning though. The fish  chip shop on the corner. Stay away! We ended up throwing our meals in the bin. But try Marks  Spencers Simply Foods at London Bridge Station for the best sandwiches and salads.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>san9kae
<Content>Enjoyable stay at London Bridge Hotel My husband and I recently had a weekend trip to London on our way back from Paris. We very much enjoyed our stay at the London Bridge Hotel. We found the river-side location to be a delightful change from previous trips to London. We were impressed with the liveliness of the neighborhood, especially the Borough Market, which is nearly across the street. Our room was comfortable, with a lovely bathroom and superb television. Our view wasn't much, but we also didn't spend a lot of our daytime in the room. We found the breakfast to be delightful and were pleased that it was included in our room price. Well done.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	2	

<Author>Patkatconan
<Content>Great hotel The room was very nice. There was no view, but as we were not in our room much, this didn't matter. The location was great. The weather was beautiful while we were there so we were able to walk to the Tower of London, and also walk along the river in the evening as well as Boroughs market. I liked being away from some of the more crowded areas and yet it was so easy to hop on the Underground if we wanted to go to other attractions. Getting back to the airport on the Underground was very easy as well. I would definately stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>jumpmanpt
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Stayed in this hotel between October 12 and october 18. I only have good things to say about this hotel!On arriving on the 12th, our room was ready and the check in was fast and very efficient. I stayed in this hotel with my girlfriend and were in London to see the city and everything that makes this city so great.The room was a superior double and had everything we needed. A very comfy bed, wish was excellent since everyday we came back to the hotel very tired of all the day's walks. Breakfast was also great, with a wide range of food, that helped get trough the day and only have light snacks at lunch.In terms of location, the hotel is situated opposite the London Bridge Station, wich also has a underground station that is served by 2 different tube lines. This was great for us, since from there we were able to get to everywhere we wanted in a short period of time. It was also great because we arrived in London via Gatwick and all we had to do was take an express train from Gatwick to London Bridge Station that only took us 15-20 mins.The staff was also very friendly and the concierge was excellent, helping us with anything we would need.To sum up, this is a great hotel ideal for some vacations in London. To some people this hotel might no be the ideal, since it's located near a business center and at night lacks any sorts of animation and even the restaurants aren't that many in the area. But if you are like me, and loves a quiet hotel to rest after a day of sightseeing, this is without a doubt a very good hotel for you to stay.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Leinsterman
<Content>First Class Service at London Bridge Hotel This hotel is centrally placed for a numbet of attractions such as the Tower of London, Tower Bridge, HMS Belfast and City Hall. It is two minutes from London Bridge Station, and represents really good value for money. The hotel is modern and decorated to a high standard. The bedroom was a good size with a large and comfotable bed and had plenty of wardrobe and bathroom space. The staff were all very friendly, helpful and efficient. The breakfast room was very busy on both days that we stayed, but the staff were very quick to clear tables, find space for people to sit, keep the breakfast buffet topped up and bring tea, coffee etc. There was a good selection of food for breakfast and the cooking was good. It was a most enjoyable stay and I'd recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AdaTheAlien
<Content>Not impressed We were not overly impressed with this hotel. We had booked a non-smoking double room over the internet and arrived late on a Saturday night to be informed that the hotel was full and all that was available was a smoking twin. It was small and claustrophobic with extremely uncomfortable beds. It was very well equipped 鈥?but who needs two ironing boards and two irons, as well as a trouser press?? The hotel is not in a very convenient location for most of the tourist sights and would be pretty noisy with weektime trains. Breakfast was a basement buffet 鈥?nothing special, very expensive if not included in your room rate. Overall, a reasonably priced hotel and OK for one night but we would not return.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	2	2	2	3	2	

<Author>FlamingoBear
<Content>Amazing Staff! Amazing staff! London and the London Bridge Hotel was the last stop on our honeymoon. We arrived at the the hotel before check-in and were not only upgraded to an available suite but sent chocolates and fresh fruit from the manager. What a thoughtful man! The staff in general was wonderful. Very thoughtful and helpful. Loved the closeness to the London Bridge Tube station made it really easy to get anywhere, including, Heathrow. Unlike other reviews, we didn't have any street noise. There was no view, but, the beauty and comfort of the room far outweighed that. We would totally stay there again and highly recommend it!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Awellwisher
<Content>Style with a smileJ This is a modern hotel just south of the river, close to Borough Market  the attractions of the South Bank are only a few minutes away. London Bridge station  tube are close so the other parts of London are very accessible.The staff are courteous  approachable. We needed disabled facilities  these were provided on request. Room Service was prompt  the food was freshly prepared  delicious. There is an in-house restaurant  two others associated with the hotel close by.Our overall experience was excellent. We were sorry we could not have stayed longer  have already booked a return visit.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Maria2812
<Content>Excellent Hotel When arriving at the hotel we were greeted very professionally and courteously by the reception staff. The rooms were very clean and quite spacious for a London hotel. I was disappointed upon seeing the room as I had requested a room with a river view, upon querying this with reception they quickly (within 5 mins) offered another room, which unfortunately still did not have a river view however did appear slightly more spacious. The hotel was situated right next to London Bridge underground which made it very easy to get to and from. The hotel also included a superb cooked breakfast each morning - however was a little disappointed on the last day as breakfast started at 0700 and we had to leave by 0630. We would definately recommend this hotel and would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ferrous
<Content>Quality Professional Establishment Booked this hotel based on its location and previous reviews. Greeted by polite professional staff at reception. Room small but well presented, think professional rather than homely, with a well equiped bathroom. Breakfast in the basement with a good selection and, dare I say again, polite professional staff. The hotel is conveniently located by London Bridge Station and London Bridge and a nice walk along the Thames to Tower Bridge. But, if I had to find a fault, the location is also its downfall. Being by a mainline station the area around the hotel is, for want of a better word, naff. You're not getting a room with a view. But this is a minor quibble. If I was staying in London again I would definately choose this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MissyMead
<Content>Concierge and Location are Excellent We stayed at the London Bridge Hotel for one night. Our flights got switched around so we arrived at the hotel early in the morning instead of closer to the afternoon check in time. My friend and I both looked worse for wear, but when we got there we were told we could leave our luggage but they wouldnt check us in before the check in time of 2:00. Now after being on an international flight for 8 hrs, then hauling your luggage to figure out what platform the train station you need is on and riding that scary thing was quite the experience. We were hoping that they would find a room for us, but the front desk, had no intention of even checking to see if they could work that out for us. HOWEVER.. although the front desk is sadly lacking in customer service and friendliness, the Concierge is amazing! I cannot begin to tell you how many times we bothered them and asked questions and had them do things for us and they did so without complaint. They were the utmost friendly and so helpful it made me feel bad for asking them to do what they do. There were two men in particular that helped us. I wish I had gotten their names as I do intend to write the hotel and let them know how amazing they are and that the front desk could take some tips from them. An older gentleman.. not old by any means, just older.. gray haired shorter man and another younger man with brown hair and glasses.. very very helpful. They told us exactly what stops to go to for what sites, what type of tickets to buy at the underground so that it saved us money.. they were just extrememly helpful. The room was good. the beds were comfortable, but it was hard to sleep with the bar next door because we were there on Friday night so the music was loud.. but overall, it was a very good experience with this hotel and if I ever had the desire to go back to London (which I dont) I would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	5	3	

<Author>Lochiesmum
<Content>A great place to stay My husband and I stayed at the London Bridge for 6 nights on our first visit to the UK. It was handy to transport and within walking distance of several of London's big attractions (eg Tower of London, Tower Bridge).It was clean and comfortable, breakfasts were great.We found the staff very helpful, and the Concierges were all friendly and very able to give assistance.All in all, it was a great place to stay and gave us a wonderful introduction to London. We would certainly stay there again.Sue and Geoff, Brisbane, Australia  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>LadyWotLunches
<Content>Very disappointing We managed to get a good deal for one night through alpharooms and were looking forward to staying here after reading the reviews. However, we must say that we were most disappointed. Upon arrival we were allocated a room on the first floor. Walking along the corridor to the room, we had to dodge all the cleaning trolleys and dirty laundry piled everywhere. Bearing in mind that we didn't check in until gone 4pm we did not expect to see this (especially as the hotel is not that large). On arrival at our room we discovered that we had been allocated a smoking room when we specifically requested a non-smoking one. We returned to reception where we were told that no non-smoking rooms were available as they were either taken or waiting to be cleaned. We told them that we were not happy with this and after a discussion with the manager we were allocated an upgraded room on the top floor. The room wasn't much bigger than the normal rooms so not entirely sure what warranted the extra cost and it didn't look like it had anything extra from what we had seen in the standard room. Everything was ok with this room until 6.30 the next morning when, after being woken by a loud humming noise right outside our window, we discovered that the vent from the hotel's restaurant was situated right outside our window. After sampling the hotel's breakfast (which thankfully was included in the room price as it wasn't worth the price they demanded otherwise) putting up with the noisy vent all morning was so not worth it. All in all, we chose the hotel for it's easy access to the tube line for the 02 which is the only thing it truly lived up to. The rest of it was very disappointing and we won't be returning.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>Pairc
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed at London Bridge Hotel for 2 nights, we thought the hotel was excellent, the rooms were small but had everything you needed. Location was good, a 2 minute walk to the underground and you are just a few stops from Westminster and Bond Street. If you get a daily ticket it just costs 拢5.60 for day. The breakfast was also good, kept us going for the day. We will definitely be back in this hotel for us next trip to London.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>SofiaReiziger
<Content>Read the fine print on the Website if you can Booked an Executive King room for 4 days based on the glowing review from Tripadvisor. My experience was less than satisfactory due to the following problems:1. The newer wing where Executive and Deluxe rooms are cannot be reached by the elevator in the lobby. Customers must take the lobby elevator to the first floor, drag luggage up half a dozen steps, round a corner, up a few more steps before reaching another elevator to go to their deluxe or executive rooms. Alternatively, customers could use the elevator from a back door near the Gym if you could get it working with your room card. All the time we were there, our card was not be able to call the elevator down even when it was sitting empty from just one floor above.2. Our room rate included free internet connection. The connection password was good for only 24 hours. Everyday we had to ask for a new one and those provided did not work half of the time.3. The service at breakfast was slow and inefficient. The line was long waiting for the hostess to check names, mark on printout list, guide guests to their seats, go get coffee and toasts before taking care of the next guest. 4. Make sure you know what is free and what is not. Read the fine print on the Website if there was any to read. The hotel charged us extra for local calls even though the Website said local calls are free. When we protested the extra charge, first the hotel clerk denied that the room rate includes free local calls. Contacted a manager, he said local calls were not free if calling to a cell phone. The hotel Website did not differentiate that fact. I think we did not receive fair value for our money as the rate was more than 400 bucks a night.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	1	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>CHe1975
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed at the London Bridge for 4 nights in Aug. It is very near to the tube station which makes access to the hotel very easy from anywhere in the city.Breakfast was good and the concierge was very helpful. Room was a little small (this is Europe though) and the bed was a little uncomfortable. The area was a little quiet at night because it's located in the business district but with easy access to the tube it didnt matter.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lissachakir
<Content>London Bridge Hotel Highly Recommended I stayed here with my elderly mother who is not very mobile and it was ideal. Close to the station. Selection of restaurants attached to the hotel - all lovely food and ambience and one of them with an excellent pianist in the evening. Also other restaurants and bars in the same street. Hotel itself very nice, well run clean and a good breakfast. The staff are very friendly and helpful and also an excellent source of local information (even down to sorting out a problem immediately on our arrival when my mother - a diabetic - realised she had left her medication at home). It was really the best place I could have gone to with a semi-mobile mother in her 80's and I (in my 50's) enjoyed it too. Local market very good. Ideal for Tate Gallery and South Bank (Hayward gallery etc). Would like to stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>BarnsleyBob
<Content>Best in London I travel to London about 3 times a year and this is the best hotel I've stayed in by some distance.It's in a great location (round the corner from Borough Market) by the South Bank.The staff were friendly  helpful; the room, which was funky and spotless, was huge by London standards; the breakfast was excellent.I will definately stay here again next time I'm in London.Bob  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>escapingfromwork
<Content>Perfect base for sightseeing Having stayed in London on 4 previous occasions for sight seeing weekends we were very pleased with the London Bridge Hotel after reading the high rating of tripadvisor reviews. Our previous stays were at several of the thistle hotel group and the Russell hotel - these were OK but poor in comparison to this hotel.I requested a twin bedded room as I was travelling with my daughter, we booked via expedia who were offering the best rates (拢110-00 without breakfast). The hotel was situated further away from the theatres and central attractions than previous hotels we have used but it was well worth staying here. We arrived at 14:15hrs and our room was not ready, (should have been ready for 14:00hrs), so we unfortunately had to wash and change in the public toilet and leave our luggage with the concierge as we were told it may take another hour. That was the only down side. The room had been meticulously cleaned and the standard room was much better than we expected - not at all necessary for anyone to upgrade. I will definately return later this year and will try breakfast next time, (拢9-95 per person).  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	-1	5	

<Author>WendynMalc
<Content>The London Bridge Hotel - AAAAA***** Anyone who didn't have a good experience of this Hotel must have caught them on a bad day! We have just had two nights stay and everything was excellent.We had previously asked for an early check in if possible. Nothing was promised because, we were told, it was dependant of the availability of rooms, although it had been explained we could leave our luggage with the concierge if the room wasn鈥檛 ready, as we had to be at the O2 by 2:00 pm. When we arrived at 11:40 am, the receptionist checked us in and handed us our key straight away - the room was ready. We were in 317, third floor. The room was certainly big enough for the two of us, (I sometimes wonder what do some people want when they say the rooms are 'too small'?), and the bed was enormous and very comfy. The room was immaculately clean and very well equipped (good size flat screen TV, full size iron and board, hairdryer, tea and coffee making facilities, mini bar, etc.) and very nicely decorated. And another great thing about it? - it was quiet! I had noticed we overlooked the back of London Bridge Road from our window (and could see the top of the 'Gherkin') and could see mainline trains passing behind the buildings opposite, which worried me a little - but we couldn't hear them. There was a little noise at night from guests in adjacent rooms and passing along the corridors, but in comparison to other hotels we have stayed at in London and elsewhere it was amazingly peaceful!The full breakfast in the Londinium restaurant was also great - set us up nicely for the day ahead. All the staff were cheerful and very helpful.The hotel's position near the Tube and Rail stations, Southwark Cathedral, Borough Road Market and, of course, the Thames makes it easy to get to and an excellent base for touring. We also found a great Italian restaurant, the Strada, whilst walking along the side of the Thames towards Tower Bridge from London Bridge.All in all a great hotel at a very reasonable price which we (me and my husband) would recommend without reservation to anyone. We are looking forward to the next time we visit London and will definitely book a stay at the London Bridge Hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>WirralSnowbirds
<Content>loved the hotel we dont normally write comments but feel that the london bridge hotel is of an exceptional high standard. the reception staff were truly professional and nothing was too much trouble .the concierge is a mine of information a pleasure to speak to.the cleaning staff were faultless. the dining room and breakfasts were superb we used this hotel for our base to visit the attractions plus the theatre for the lion king and is well positioned for our plans. we will with out hesitation use this hotel again  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kai_Morrison
<Content>Wonderful Experience! My wife and I stayed at the London Bridge Hotel with our eight year old daughter for a couple of nights over the recent bank holiday on a sightseeing trip to London.Although we stopped by tripadvisor.com to read other peoples positive opinions before booking, we wanted to write another review to say again how great this hotel really is.On arrival we were greeted by a couple of extremely happy and welcoming members of staff at reception....always nice after a long day of travel. We were immediately upgraded from a standard double room to one of their deluxe double room as we booked in a couple of hours earlier than the permitted 2PM check-in time. Our daughter was allowed to sleep in the same room at no extra charge and she also enjoyed the included breakfast each morning again for no extra charge. We requested a rollaway bed for her but promptly cancelled it after entering the room after finding a huge kingsize bed waiting.The room was very clean and very well decorated with beautiful fixtures and fittings - everything was furnished and finished to a very high standard. A high ceiling and a large, long window ensured the room didn't feel too cramped and air conditioning was a nice plus as the city can feel a little muggy - even if it hasn't been a blazing summer.More about the breakfast....they have a good selection of hot a cold foods - Continental and English on a help yourself buffet-style basis. Tables were nicely placed and we were greeted each morning by cheerful restaurant staff, seated immediately and offered tea and coffee and toast. The food was topped up/replaced frequently ensuring a full selection was on offer no matter what time you turned up between 7 and 10am. The breakfast was an extremely nice way to start the day and not to be missed especially if you have it included as part of your booking.People are right to say that the hotel is well positioned for exploring London. Although tucked away, it is right outside the bus station side of London Bridge Station (not that there was any noise nuisance), with one change on the tube at Waterloo (take the Jubilee Line Westbound and then the Bakerloo Line Northbound) you are in the heart of the West End in no time at all. We booked one of those London Tour Bus trips and as the London Dungeon stop is just around the corner, we managed to save the cost of a few tube rides back to the hotel at he same time!The concierge was very helpful and knowledgeable....don't be afraid to ask...the hotel was happy to securely store all of our bags until the end of the day after checking out in the morning.All in all, a great trip topped off with a very pleasant stay at the London Bridge Hotel....we could have stayed longer and will be returning in the next few months.Kai  Lisa.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bethany1
<Content>Great Stay We booked our room via Skoosh and this cost 拢86 including breakfast on a Saturday night during bank holiday weekend.The hotel was very easy to find from London Bridge station, literally a two minute walk. The room was clean, bright and a reasonable size. There was a nice modern feel about it and had air conditioning; flatscreen digital TV; free bottled water; mini bar and tea/coffee making facilities. There was also a fan, iron and hairdryer in the wardrobe, along with extra bedding.Our bathroom had a bath with a overhead shower. Shampoo, soap and shower caps were provided (though no conditioner for those who need it!).Breakfast was provided until 11am on a Saturday. It was a serve yourself affair with continental options and full english breakfast options. Coffee/tea and toast were brought to the table as requested. We thoroughly enjoyed the breakfast. I noted that if we had not included breakfast in our booking it would have cost 拢14.95. All in all, we were very pleased with our stay and thought for the location as well as the whole experience that this hotel offered great value for money.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>donnainviaggio
<Content>Comfortable accomodation in London I spent a long week end in London, at London Bridge Hotel. The hotel website is truthful: no surprise both for the room quality and the service. Just in the heart of Southwark District, it offers a confortable accomodation both for leisure and for business. It is a recently refurbished hotel with the charme of an historical building, with a great location that allows you to move by train, by underground or on foot . The personnel is very cooperative and prompt in assisting you, also at 5.00 in the morning.Very good ratio quality/price, expecially if you can use a special fee as I did.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>jmmurphy1942
<Content>A wonderful, freindly and super efficient hotel In my 45 years of work I have stayed in many London hotels. I can say quite simply this is the best I have ever used. I am sure that there are much more expensive hotels which meet this hotel's standards but for the price this is the simply the best.Charming helpful staffSuperb rooms with the little extra touches which one would expect from much more expensive hotelsGreat food freshly cooked and HOT ( even room service meals)and very important for me personally - air conditioning that really works and really CAN be controlled within the roomI would be surprised if anyone was disappointed by this hotel  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>musicaltour
<Content>Clean, Nice and Great Location       One section of the bathroom.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>SLG_8
<Content>Fantastic hotel and location. Stayed at London Bridge hotel for 2 nights with family including 2 children aged 13 and 12 years.Excellent location 2 minutes walk from tube station yet quiet at night allowing a good nights sleep.Rooms were very clean,good beds and en suite.Breakfast was excellent with good choice on both hot and cold plates.Friendly attentive staff.Best hotel I,ve stayed in in several visits to London.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>melanie15
<Content>Great Hotel -ideal location My Husband  I have just come back from our second stay at this hotel -with another 2 booked later in the year.The facilities are excellent  it s good value for money.Ideal location for the O2 arena  central london.We used room service a couple of times -a good experience which is unusual for london hotels !The staff were friendly  helpful.We booked online  got a good rate through the hotel's own website.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>cjch
<Content>The perfect city stay Having worked in two of the top three hotel management schools in the world for the last twelve years, I'm probably what is termed a demanding customer... However, my stay at the London Bridge Hotel was a sheer delight from the moment I walked in the door till waving goodbye to the concierge. The welcome and guest service in general was relaxed, very friendly and efficient, the rooms tasteful, quiet and with beautiful beds and bathrooms, the breakfast buffet a succulent range of fruit, cereals as well as the ubiquitous cooked breakfast and, of course, the location couldn't be better. All this in an inner city hotel is doubly impressive. Many thanks to the staff at the London Bridge Hotel and keep up the great work!!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tallulah_p
<Content>Modern, clean, comfortable and great location We booked this hotel through GTAHotels.com and got a fantastic rate of 拢90 for a twin room with breakfast. Without repeating too much of what other people have said, the hotel staff were friendly and polite, as was the concierge. Our first room was on a smoking level (a mistake by the hotel) and they changed our room in less than 2 minutes! Rooms are small but very modern with trendy artwork, and very comfortable beds. Nice Miller Harris toiletires and magazines - we had In Style! We had a small problem with our sink which was rectified within 5 minutes of our phonecall to reception. Superb service! Its just around the corner from the tube station and a stones throw from Borough Market. The dining room is classy and softly lit - always good for the morning following a late night! Breakfast was great. We chose this hotel for its proximity to the o2 arena. Highly recommend it!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NorrisLocke
<Content>Fantastic hotel Can鈥檛 fault this hotel and would recommend it to anyone. Great location, comfortable modern rooms, fantastic breakfast, friendly staff, superb value for money 鈥?this hotel is definitely my hotel of choice in London.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>tezluelle
<Content>A wonderful stay at the London Bridge Last weekend my partner and I went to London for a break and also got married. (just the two of us and a couple of witnesses)We booked into the London Bridge the day before we were due to get married and found that kindly they had upgraded us to a luxury room with a super king bed, champagne, fruit and chocolates, what a lovely surprise!Everything else about the London Bridge was excellent too, clean, comfortable, delicious breakfast and friendly staff. We will definitley be returning again on our next trip to London.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Fred40
<Content>Clean, comfortable and friendly Very good location 2 min. walk from the tube station. While the room was not very big it had all the luxuries being very clean and comfortable with all the facilities. Staff were very friendly and I found breakfast a treat which set me up for the days sightseeing.Lots of places to eat and drink at night all within 15 minutes walk along the Thames river side. Highly recommended for quiet comfortable clean place to stay. I intend to return for future trips.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>KIMSHEARWOOD
<Content>Superb Hotel This hotel is ideally situated for the 02 arena, just across the road from London Bridge Station. It has recently been refurbished to a high standard. The rooms are modern and well equipped with safe, hairdryer, iron, ironing board, tea and coffee making facilities, minibar, air-conditioning and large lcd tv. The room was spotlessly clean and quiet and the bed was extremely comfortable. Breakfast was a buffet style, with a vast and plentiful array of food. This really set us up for the whole day and we didn't need to eat until the evening. The only down side I would say was the price of drinks at the bar, but this is to be expected in London hotels and there are plenty of bars, pubs and restaurants within walking distance along the south bank of the river if you prefer. I would defintely stay at this hotel in future if I was visiting London, you feel like you are out of the hustle and bustle of Central London without being too far from all the attractions. Highly recommended and very good value for money.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>J-T-J-O
<Content>Lived up to its rating No6 on Trip Advisor at the time, so couldn't believe it when I found it nearly came within budget. Comfortable rooms (and a little more spacious than normal in London!). Good gym facilities, good for travel South (I commuted to Croydon). Food excellent. Much better than hotels I stayed in when tied to the Hyde Park area. Only downside is that it isn't easy to find (coming out of Underground)- shopkeepers hadn't heard of it!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Epir
<Content>Fantastic hotel, great value This hotel is of a superb standard. The rooms were lovely, comfortable and clean. Lovely toiletries and a good range of magazines, robes and slippers added a touch of luxury that was much appreciated.Breakfast was excellent with a good range to choose from and well replenished throughout the morning. Staff were friendly, efficient and welcoming. We will definitely stay here again and have been highly recommending it to others!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Mariako
<Content>The Best Place for relaxing holidays I think that London Bridge Hotel is the best hotel in town. It is friendly hotel with a good location. Comfortable rooms with tea and coffee facilities. Excellent breakfast in a fantastic atmosphere. I recommend this hotel to everyone without any doubt!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jacken
<Content>very handy We found this hotel to be very clean and comfortable. When we first checked in we found the room assigned to be extremely small, we found that 2 suitcases took up all the floor space in the room when standing upright! We requested a larger room, and within 15 minutes were given a larger room which was just perfect for a 5 day stay. The beds are extremely comfortable, the location is quiet, even though beside a railway station, and the breakfasts are substantial. Not much of a view though!I would recommend this to anyone who wants to be close to the City, the Globe theatre, or Guys Hospital.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>bondchick
<Content>Could have been better for 4 star hotel We booked this hotel for a two night stay to go to the Motor Show and Kylie at 02. Upon check-in we were allocated a room in the new wing on the second floor which we thought would be of benefit to us! Sadly this involved a long trip with heavy bags as the lift didn't go to the second floor of the new wing. The room was very modern but our view was sadly over the nearby Tower Bridge station and was very noisy - we thought we might get a river view but no. I ordered a morning newspaper which didn't show on the first morning and enquired at reception who said that they would get it sorted and wouldn't charge me. By the same evening the newspaper had still not arrived and by the next morning that day's paper didn't arrive either which was a big disappointment. The breakfast was quite limited and it was situated in the smallest room ever. Both mornings we were sat virtually on top of the next tables which is a little bit close for comfort first thing in the morning with people you didn't know. The location of the hotel was good to get on to the Thames Clipper boats and to the tube station. All in all we were very disappointed with the hotel and thought that a 4 star hotel would have given better service and we won't be staying there again.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Dabo
<Content>Excellent Service  This has to be one of my favourite hotels. The staff are excellent, always smiling, always willing to help and the hotel is just perfect.The rooms are impeccable, clean, and roomy enough unless of course you expect to play American football in your room. Please remember this is a hotel and not your back garden (yard).This time I was fortunate enough for an upgrade and for that I am thankful.The check-in was quick and stress free.The check-out was the same and for that I am grateful.The hotel has an excellent location next to London Bridge main line and underground station giving easy access to London and the surrounds.Borough Market is a 5 minutes walk and once again a great place to wander and later people watch with either a nice coffee or beer.Would I stay again - YES.Would I recommend - YES  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alnkag
<Content>Nice hotel in great location We have just spent a night in the London Bridge Hotel after watching Kylie at the O2. Stayed on the 5th Floor in a superior double which was really nice, smallish but nicely furnished and decorated and perfect for rail and underground connections.Public areas were good and breakfast service and food very good. Had a problem with the safe but swiftly and pleasantly dealt with by concierge / front desk.Didn't spend long enough in Hotel to give it 5, and reserve that anyway for very very special hotels (like the Park City), but will definitely stay here again if I need to be in central London.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>greenbid
<Content>a treat a great hotel everything was perfect  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jen1001
<Content>great hotel, good value great hotel. I stayed here with my mum for two nights in July this year either side of a holiday to France. Hotel is in great location near London Bridge railway station - but no station noise. Good area to walk around and see the main London sights - River Thames, Tower Bridge etc. We had a good twin room, but when we found that the in room safe was not working we were immediately moved to a more spacious room with many apologies from the hotel staff.Quiet location but handy for taxis at the station. On the first morning of our stay we left very early in order to go on holiday so the hotel gave us a packed breakfast as breakfast was included in our online rate. The next time we stayed we made the most of our included full breakfast which was really nice.We booked online on the hotel website and paid just under 拢120 for both of us for a nice room with full breakfast.I have stayed in London many times through work and this hotel is nicer and less expensive than many others that I have stayed in.Hotel staff very friendly. Food at the Georgetown Malaysian Restaurant at the hotel was excellent with friendly service.Room was very modern with flat screen tv, modern soft furnishings etc. Bathroom was clean with good quality shampoo, shower gel etc.We would definitely stay here again due to good service, good rates and quality hotel.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>versetran
<Content>Good hotel - if you get a good room First room I was in had a broken window and was right next to some sort of ventilation shaft. I asked for a different room, but the night staff told me the hotel was full and tha they would send someone up to shut the window. 45 mins, one porter and one night manager later the window still didn't shut and magically there was another room available. So I was moved. From that point onwards no complaints; in fact apart from the above - the hotel was very good.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	2	5	

<Author>Pekul
<Content>Lovely Hotel Cannot speak highly enough of The London Bridge Hotel. Our room was delightful, the service was brilliant and the breakfast was superb. Stayed for three nights in July and wished it was longer!!! Thanks to all staff.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jaspySydney
<Content>Great stay Check in was bit slow but due to annoying guests more then hotel staff, The hotel staff were very helpful and friendly. The room was really nice with a good bathroom and the bed was so comfortable. The breakfast was good but not great. Location was excellent, near the sightseeing bus or london bridge underground. We loved the walk along the southbank.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Asaptraveler
<Content>Great Stay at the LBH Found this hotel through Hotelsclick.com. What a great price. Hotel is in a very convienient location. Borough market was close by, as well as many other London sights. The London Bridge tube station is just a stone's throw away. There are also many taxis right out front of the hotel. Even though the hotel had a fabulous breakfast included in the price, there are many other place to eat nearby. The post office is right around the corner as well. The room was cozy and quiet. It also was a little small, but in Europe that is the way it is. We stayed for 3 nights before a Mediterranean cruise. Would stay here again. A very nice staff as well.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PasiFinland
<Content>Great location, great hotel We stayed at London Bridge Hotel for one January weekend back in 2006. I would definitely stay at London Bridge Hotel again. actually I would say it's a real find.+ Great location, 5 minutes to the underground+ Nice  well kept room..comfy beds.+ Clean bathroom- Poor service. Or then we were just unlucky. Service at the reception definitely below average.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>jacquimac44
<Content>Terrible Bed! Stayed here with my partner before flying out from Gatwick on holiday. Location great as we were able to catch a direct train from London Bridge station (just across road from hotel) to Gatwick.Check in was fine, as was the small well-equipped room, although bed sagged in the middle so we kept rolling into each other! Room was on 2nd floor and we were awakened really early in the morning with the noise of workmen and traffic so make sure you get a room on a higher floor or at the back of the hotel. The room was also very warm and stuffy all night despite us turning the aircon temp as low as it would go.We had dinner with friends in the Malaysian restaurant in the hotel. While the food was delicious, and service excellent, the atmosphere was a bit clinical and the bill was pretty high (nearly 拢200 for the 4 of us having 2 courses each plus 2 bottles of red house wine).All in all, while this hotel is good value for money in a good location, I don't think I'd stay here again as I didn't enjoy a good night's sleep given the bed, the noise and the heat.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>alan_campbell49
<Content>excellent value and service Stayed here for a weekend in July,2008.Excellent value for bed and breakfast,very friendly ,yet efficient staff.Good location for tube station and easy access to the city via the walkways along the Thames.You should visit Southwark Cathedral,across the road,where there is always something on.The Borough Market,next door is a blaze of colour on a Saturday morning.We would also recommend buying a River Rover ticket to see London from the river,whilst stopping off at the O2 stadium and the Greenwich Observatory.All in all a great base to work from,and amazingly quiet considering its location.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Morainelake
<Content>Love the London Bridge Hotel. We have now stayed at this hotel 3 times and love it. We recently celebrated my daughters 18th birthday and I chose to take her to London for the weekend , she also thought the hotel was good.The hotel is easy to get to, staff are friendly, food lovely, and the rooms are spotlessly clean, also it is one of the smaller hotels of which appeals to me. We are returning again in September for yet another daughters birthday.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lew L
<Content>The best deal in London This is a real find. Clean, comfortable rooms with flat panel TV. Very helpful staff and a good restaurant. Within two blocks of two underground lines and across the street from a rail terminal. Just a short walk to the south bank of the Thames where there are lots of neat restaurants and shops. This hotel would be a bargain at twice the price.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>iggyyates
<Content>Decent London Hotel London Bridge Hotel is well served by both the London Underground and British Rail (probably too by bus, but we did not use any buses to substantiate this comment), and is less than a 5 minute walk from the Underground/train station.We checked in a little early (about 13:00), and there were no no-smoking rooms available at the time, but one was reserved for us for later in the afternoon. We left our case with the concierge without a problem.We returned to the hotel at about 17:00, and the room was now available. We were told we had been upgraded to a Superior room (maybe because of the earlier room unavailability?) While the room didn鈥檛 seem especially superior, it was very well appointed: robes, slippers, iron and board, complementary still water, toiletries etc. The one complaint we had was the noise from a generator (or air con unit) outside the window, however with the windows closed this became only a low hum.We returned to the hotel at about midnight, and the residents bar was still open, and had a wide choice of drinks available.The bed proved to be very comfortable.Breakfast was self-service. There was a wide variety of cereals, fruits, breads and traditional Full English fare. Our only complaint with breakfast was that the eggs were not free-range 鈥?I would expect a four-star hotel to be offering the best quality products on the market.It鈥檚 a hotel I would stay with again, providing the price was right, as it was clean and well located and you can鈥檛 ask for more than that!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Mondave
<Content>Average Excellent location and easy to get to most central London spots. Room was clean, although room was not serviced til late - 6pm on last day. Beware bar fridge - you cannot use it for your own food items as its connected to a computer that charges you if you take anything out for more than 30 seconds. Reception and concierge service was below average. We stayed in 6 hotels in Europe and this one had the worst service.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	2	2	2	

<Author>beercanbutty
<Content>Room 101 The hotel is generally nice. There are ample things to do on the south bank and you can get a boat / water taxi from london bridge pier (5 mins walk) which will take you up to Embankment with ease. of course the tube is on your doorstep at london bridge station which is also very convenient.The public areas are very well presented, the dining room very pleasant, room service delivers huge portions and all the staff are very friendly especially the concierge.We were in a deluxe family room which was very large, the bathroom slightly small in comparison to the room. We were in Room 101! It is positioned directly above an entrance to the rear of the hotel which i think is the service / staff entrance. There was a lot of noise from people and delivery vans from 4.30am onwards which disturbed our sleep. In addition the air conditioning didnt work making it very warm. This was reported to reception so hopefully it will get fixed.However, if you can avoid any noise and get a room with air conditioning, i would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Florie
<Content>Lovely, small hotel in a great location We spent a weekend at the London Bridge Hotel and found that it consistently met or exceeded our expectations. Service was impeccable from check in to departure, front desk staff and concierge went above and beyond to help when my husband became ill and needed a doctor to visit the hotel. Not only did they make all the arrangements--and had a physician there within an hour's time; but the concierge located a pharmacy that was open on a Sunday, called a taxi and arranged for the cab to wait as long as necessary for me to fill the prescription.The staff was concerned and friendly, making an upsetting situation as comfortable as circumstances would permit.The Georgetown restaurant was wonderful; delicious food, elegant, unhurried service...a most enjoyable dining experience.In-room wireless internet was provided at no cost, and the location was wonderful for exploring on foot, and close to the tubes for those who wished to travel farther.We look forward to our next trip to this lovely hotel.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>mrsbridges
<Content>Perfect! Had booked this hotel for a 10-night stay (got a great deal via HotelConnect) mainly based on the many great reviews here.And it fully lived up to our expectations!Check-in a bit late - but it was a busy time for the hotel, and there's plenty to do just on the doorstep, so that was okay!Great location - plenty to see, and good train/tube connections. Charing Cross only 10 mins by train. Even Portobello - which is in the direct opposite of London - only took less than 陆 hour by tube.Staff was friendly and hard-working - yes, many are from other European countries, but all work hard and are very friendly, so I can't see why some reviewers (and even some hotel-guests we overheard) would mention it as if it was a negative!Beds comfy, room spotless, good sanitary appliances as opposed to usual British plumbing! Nice tub. Fluffy towels. Miller-Harris smellies.Breakfast was typical hotel fare, not especially exciting, but fresh, varied and plentiful.Room-service fast and delicious, great selection of food.Ate dinner at Georgetown - highly recommended! There are plenty of places to eat in the area around the hotel (try the baguette-sandwiches from Patisserie Paul in the tube-vaults).  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>south-coast-beth
<Content>Fantastic!!!       hotel frontage  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>catgal29
<Content>Just what we wanted My partner and I have just returned from an overnight stay at the London Bridge Hotel. It is virtually opposite London Bridge train station - excellent - not far to carry your bags. The reception staff were helpful and polite, the room was small but perfectly formed (nice decor, clean throughout and equipped with an ipod docking station, flat screen tv, super-efficient air con and complimentary mineral water. Breakfast was yummy and varied (good sausages for a hotel brekkie), although service a little patchy - they were very busy though. All in all a great location for exploring Borough market (go there on a Friday and Saturday for the yummy food stalls), the Tate Modern, London Eye etc etc (everywhere is accessible via walking, tube or the Thames Clipper service).We will definitely be returning!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>daprole
<Content>Amazing service in the heart of London It was going to be the most expensive hotel, I ever stayed in (because of the US dollar versus the pound) and I was prepared to be disappointed. Everything about the hotel was wonderful from the first minute. We got there at 7am London timeand asked if we could leave our luggage. I explained that we had been up all night flying in. She went into the back and came out and said we could have our room then--she would upgrade us because we were staying several days and our room wasn't available. After a wonderful WONDERFUL unexpected nap (I don't sleep well on planes--), we started touring London.Breakfast was great. The attached restaurant was wonderful.Asking questions, I found genuine concierge's who helped us find everything from the best pub, to our car when we left London, to very very cheap daily parking for one night when we returned.And even more amazing was the elegant design of the rooms. Luxurious and not tacky--I've never been in a hotel like that before.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>female_wanderer
<Content>GREAT London hotel, will definitely go back We booked this through Travelocity, and it was a fantastic experience for us. We hadn't been on that side of the Thames before, but it was less than a block away from both the Thames and the London Bridge Underground stop. We absolutely were thrilled - were greeted in an open, friendly manner by staff who actually seemed to care how we were, and who even upgraded our room without asking from a double to a King size bed. The breakfast, which was included, was the best we'd had in Europe - we were SO happy and unfortunately couldn't stop eating so were always full for lunch. Really good scrambled eggs, sausages, ham, potatoes, tomatoes, all sorts of cereals, croissants/danishes, juice, toast, and when you are seated you are promptly asked if you would like some tea or coffee for breakfast, and then it's promptly brought to your table. We LOVED that part of it.They have a concierge on duty all the time who will gladly help with any travelling or show plans. Although they are obviously not the most trained concierge (they seem to do double-duty as the bellman), they are so overly helpful and friendly that we were thrilled to have them.Loved the location too - right on the walking path down the Thames, if you follow the jubilee path from there toward Big Ben/Parliament house direction, you will happen upon these great old alleyways with lots of great pubs. Will definitely go back again...  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BettyCo_Derry
<Content>Great choice! This was a mature girls' weekend stay in London and we got a hotel that really suited our needs. We are three generations: Granny, her three daughters and one granddaughter so it had to have a good location close to tubes, trains etc (yet it wasn't noisy.) There was plenty to see in walking distance, Tate Modern, bridges, HMS Belfast and museum etc and far more than we could fit in along with shopping. The hotel was tasefully decorated with a feeling of luxury without being out of our budget. Rooms very spacious and comfy beds. The restaurant food was absolutely delicious, I recommend the guinea fowl. Staff were friendly in every area, whether cleaning staff, porters, restaurant staff, concierge etc etc. It was my daughters birthday and when we asked the breakfast waiter if he had a birthday candle he could stick in a bread roll, he came out with a beautiful fresh fruit tart with a lit candle on top and this was despite him being very busy! There was nothing about this hotel we did not like and that included the price. For London, I think we did very well. Thank you London Bridge!!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Poppy2k
<Content>Fantastic View of London Bridge! I stayed here for 1 night on the 30th May 08, the hotel was in a fantastic location on the Thames, upon opening my curtains in the morning i was greeted with a fantastic view of the London Bridge.The breakfast was very nice and all the staff were very helpful, we had an executive room, which was very modern and clean and had a plasma tv in it.Overall i would definately stay here again, and i would recommend it people to visit.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Ambulancejersey
<Content>Excellent London Hotel I needed to find a Hotel near London Bridge for an overnight stay as I was visitng nearby. THE LONDON BRIDGE HOTEL was perfect. I am usually weary of London Hotels as I have sometimes felt like a number rather than a guest, but that wasn't so here. All the staff were charming and the facilities were very good. The room (with air condiitoning) was excellent as was the bathroom and the beds very comfy indeed.It is situated next to London Bridge Station, but was very quiet and it was useful to be able to leave my case there the day I left and I just picked it up on my way back to the Station. It is also next to Southwark Cathedral and the wonderful Borough Market - London's best kept secret. It is a few minutes walk from the Thames and the South Bank - perfect for a Sunday morning walk. I will definitely book there again.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gaelkat
<Content>Fantastic location, wonderful bed! A lovely hotel in a perfect location. As an ex Londoner coming back to the city to see a show at O2, and an ex-hotel person I am fussier than most: I know London well. This hotel is in a superb location, with the best of London on your doorstep and excellent transport links to everywhere. Rooms are small but beautifully designed. Beds are to die for! Best night's sleep I have had in a hotel for ages - and I stay in quite a few on business. Check in flawless - terrific staff on the desk. Room immaculate. I noticed a ceiling section/tile was out of place (possibly someone checking air conditioning) in my room and when I mentioned it it was fixed immediately. Concierge was full of useful advice, information and humour. We laughed about the boat service to 02. When it works it's wonderful, but mostly it's chaos! Be warned if you are planning to use it for 02. (BTW the boats have nothing to do with the hotel. They are run by another company).Breakfast was very good but Sundays are very, very busy and I found the tables too close for comfort. This is a super hotel in a great location, run by smiling switched-on staff. I plan to stay there again. I think they're terrific.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>paris_1204
<Content>Good hotel/Location okay       Bathroom - Suite Room #331  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NewyorkChubby
<Content>expected better from all of these reviews We were looking forward to our stay given the high praise here on TA. We booked on the hotel website thinking we might get a better room location. Arrived to the hotel about 10:00 am from the US. No early checkin as requested. They said the hotel was full the night before so this was understandable. The spanish girl at checkin was excellent. Always consistently pleasant. Concierge was not overly helpful as stated here. We had a double deluxe room which was nice and roomy. Stay away from 321 or any rooms at the end of the hall near the housekeeping closets. You will hear the housekeepers making noise early in the morning. We rise very early in the morning so it didn't bother us. But, if you like to sleep in it may bother you. Also we had a view of the station in the back of the hotel and we could hear the trains screeching into the station even with the double glazed windows. The first night the air conditioning didn't work and maintenance was off duty. The concierge who's name starts with an A ,can't remember argued with me about this is the way it is. AC don't blow hot air! Anyway asked to be moved to another room. A said he would get back to us and never did. In the mean time we exhausted from our trip and fell asleep. The next morning went to the front desk and recv'd excellent service after complaining about the night before. A maintenance man was in our room within 10 min and fixed the problem. We came back to our room that day to find delicious chocolates and fresh fruit to congratulate us on our wedding anniversary which was very much appreciated. The second day housekeeping changed our very soft sheets to new scratchy ones. Asked that night for our sheets to be changed to soft ones as they felt horrible. Housekeeping was off duty and the front desk sent up two assistant managers who never smiled or apologized. They changed the sheets in complete silence obviously annoyed. They only uttered the same old party line That's the way they are. Breakfast and service was okay. The first morning we arrived late and they were not refilling all of the hot items. I didn't ask either. The coffee was some of the worst coffee I ever had and I love coffee. My husband would get me coffee in the neighborhood at the starbucks at the train station. I usually don't favor starbucks coffee here in the states because it often tastes burnt but it was declicious. The neighborhood is not the most attractive but we new that already and booked for the location to the bridges and Tower of London. The Riverwalk,The Market it's superb. The big red bus tour stops are close by and we did that while waiting for our room. It was a nice way to relax,see the sights to deal with first day tiredness from lack of sleep on the plane. You also get a ticket to use within 24 hrs for a river boat ride on the Thames. We used that the next day to go from Tower Pier to Westminster Pier as we had plans to see the Abbey which is an absolute must see. Pay a little extra and ask for the Verger Tour which is guided with a very informative guide. The cabinet war rooms were great for world war II history buffs. Underground bunker museum about Churchill and that period. Also see the Southwark Cathedral that is close by. A great chip shop is also on the corner. Ask them to fry you cod if it's not out. Prader and Manger around the corner were great for a quick salads and sandwiches. Always fresh and reasonably priced. Would I stay here again no, customer service was not up to par. tTere are too many other hotels and different beautiful locations in London worth seeing.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	5	2	2	

<Author>LeeB.
<Content>Just okay I stayed here for four nights earlier this month. My room was incredibly cluttered so much so that there was hardly any room to walk between the bed and the desk and the window.Breakfast was just okay. I asked for toast each morning and it was brought to my table either warm or cold. I told one of the waitstaff that it would be better if the toaster were out in the breakfast room so people could make their own.Location was fine but I still prefer the South Kensington area.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Sleepyjo
<Content>Great stay at London Bridge! Booked London Bridge because of rating and reviews on trip advisor. Got a great rate through gta hotels and it was worth every penny! Hotel has great location, a two minute walk (maybe less) to the tube and rail staion. Great for us, as we were wanting to get to different area's of London in the same day. Room was a little on the small side, but this was expected (from reviews on t.advisor), very modern, very clean and had all amenities, iron, hairdryer etc.Staff were really helpful and the breakfast was amazing! Plenty of choice and very fresh!On waiting to check in we took a walk around the area and found a fabulous food market round the corner, Southwalk Market (I think) which is just not to be missed! It was just perfect for a leisurely stroll around the amazing stalls and to sample some great food and sights!Oh, and if you want fish and chips later on, there's a chippy on the corner that's great and when you ask for loads of salt and vinegar they do it! Smashing!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>EthanSouthampton
<Content>Loved the Hotel My wife and I stayed for 2 nights 24/25 May and found the stay very good, staff are very polite and helpful, room clean and very good choice of breakfast. Ideally situated for most amenities,London buses and river transport link service we recommend to use to get about.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>england4me
<Content>Absolutely Loved the London Bridge Hotel I was extremely pleased with The London Bridge Hotel. I thought it was an excellent value for the money (though the exchange rate made it a little high for Americans). The room and bathroom exceded my expectations. They were large by London standards. Since the hotel is realatively new it was also very clean, beautifully decorated, well insulated from traffic noise and air conditioned.I would definitely stay there again and would highly recommend it to my friends.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>londonpatsy
<Content>Very classy My friend and I booked a twin room at The London Bridge Hotel for an overnight stay for the purpose of a concert at the O2 arena. ( Which was reached very easily on the tube a couple of minutes walk away) Although the room was fairly small, it was decorated and furnished to a high standard and contained everything you would need. The bed was super-comfy. The room had tea and coffee making facilities and a wide-screen TV. The staff were efficient and friendly. The buffet style cooked breakfast was outstanding and plentyful. We paid 拢91 for one night -bed and breakfast for 2, with HotelsRus.com .I wouldn't hesitate in recommending this hotel to any of my friends.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Clurr
<Content>Very good hotel - and value for money in London! I chose this hotel based on other Tripadvisor reviews and after a number of 'dodgy' and 'over-priced for what you get' London hotel experiences previously, was a little apprehensive! However there was no need to worry!Lovely clean, modern hotel. Small compared to the large chains (Novotel, Hilton etc) but very comfortable.We checked in at noon on Sunday (busy time for those checking out late)  never expected our room to be ready, but it was so we were very pleased. Our room was on the small side (which I had gathered from other reviews this is the norm, so was not surprised) but for 1 night, it was fine. It was fairly newly decorated, new fittings, clean and very comfortable. Comfy king size bed, large flat screen tv, tea/coffee making facilities, hairdryer, magazines, toiletries, good wardrobe space, iron etc.The position of the hotel is brilliant. 2 minutes walk from London Bridge station. (Exit through the upper floor of London Bridge mainline station - turn left out of station  walk a short distance downhill, leaving station behind you. Hotel on left after All Bar One!) Situated in the up  coming area of the South Bank - near Borough Market. Plenty to do in the area  nice walks along the banks of the Thames.Hotel has a bar  restaurant - we only ate breakfast which was very good. Fresh and well presented. Cereal/fruit/full English/pastries/toast/juice etc.Will definately return again.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Holidaymaker57
<Content>Excellent Hotel Just back from staying 2 nights in the London Bridge Hotel. Fantastic stay. Great Location as the tube was only a 2 minute walk away. Hotel Room was lovely with everything we needed for a great stay. Breakfast was served in the main restaurant which was really good as well. Great choice and really nice staff. Would definately stay there again and would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>andare
<Content>London's Best Kept Secret I have now stayed at this hotel twice and I have recommended it to friends. This is probably one of the best hotels I have stayed at in London. I really don't want to tell everyone this in case I can't get a room there should I be in London again, but I really can't fault it. It is clean, modern, very helpful staff, great breakfast, and really handy for the borough market. Some people may be put off by the location - next to a train station and not exactly in the centre of London, and a fair distance from the theatre and shopping districts as it's on the south of the river near HMS Belfast and London Bridge (not to be confused with Tower Bridge, the one the tourist want to visit). The surrounding area is also rather dark at night and not very well lit . But the surrounding pubs are rather good and atmospheric - and good if you like real ale! If you don't mind being further out of the city, I really cannot recommend this hotel enough.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>cundip
<Content>Perfect for the 02 arena I just returned from a trip to London with my boyfriend where we stayed at the London Bridge Hotel, taking advantage of their special O2 package, this cost 拢120 per night per room and included full English breakfast (which was excellent, buffet hot food, pastries etc) and return tickets to the arena by Cattamaran boat. The hotel is in an excellent location, very near to London Bridge tube, right across the road from Borough market which is worth a look. Overall a good trip to London!  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>JaimeCanterbury
<Content>Excellent Hotel Stayed at the London Bridge Hotel on 25th May. This has to be one of the best value 4* hotels in London. Clean comfortable rooms and a superb buffet breakfast that caters for all tastes. If you can get a special deal , breakfast included , grab it with both hands.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>the jazz
<Content>Never fails to impress I have just returned from my third stay at the London Bridge and once again I am very impressed. Great location, rooms small but chic, staff excellent (all of them) and a decent breakfast to boot. If you are going to London and want a good hotel at a decent price this is the place. Finally the mini bar prices are reasonable too. I paid just 拢16 for a half bottle of Taittinger champagne, same price as the local supermarket!!!  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MGerein
<Content>Great Hotel, Great City Location I recently stayed here with a friend in a 2-twin bed room. The room itself was lovely and quiet. The front desk staff were friendly and professional, and the concierge gave great food recommendations. Also, wireless internet access is now free!Outside of a great room for a really reasonable rate (given that this is London), the real gem of this hotel is its location. It's just down the street from the London Bridge tube station, and is within walking distance of major attractions! Taking the Underground's Piccadilly and Jubilee lines has you going to or from Heathrow to the hotel in under an hour!I will definitely be staying here again on future trips!  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Suffolk_Puds
<Content>A great find We stayed overnight at this hotel on a short weekend break.We paid 拢134 for a superior room, but were upgraded to executive on arrival. All the staff we encountered during our visit were helpful and polite, notably at check in/out. What we particularly noticed about the hotel was it's cleanliness compared with other London hotels of a similiar price. Breakfast was very good with sausages and bacon that were far better than the mass produced stuff you often get. Perhaps they came from nearby Borough Market (More later). Our only criticism of the whole experience was the apparent lack of willingness to clear away plates and dishes at breakfast.The hotel is a great base to visit London from. While it is seemingly a little out of the way being South of the river, it is close enough to walk into the centre of the city. Having said thet we spent the whole of Saturday on the south bank anyway, it's a corner of London that is probably missed by lots of visitors. If you visit on Thursday - Saturday don't miss Borough Market. The atmosphere is wonderful and there is so much high quality food you won't know what to buy next. The pubs and restaurants around the market provide a great place to sit and watch the world go by.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>GCall
<Content>Great hotel for London weekend break Stopped here for May Day weekend with my girlfriend. Excellent location next to London Bridge Station and Borough Market, just down from Tower Bridge and a short walk to The Globe, Tate Modern, etc. Lovely room, modern, comfortable and very clean and reasonable size for London.Great service throughout, excellent meal and good value food in the attached Malaysian restaurant.The only issue is finding the hotel. Basically turn into the station approach and come through the taxi rank. It feels as though you shouldn't be doing this but it is ok and is the only way to get to the hotel.Would certainly stay here again in the future.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AmericanInFrance
<Content>Enjoyed our stay! My husband and I and our two teens (12 and 14) stayed here for a long weekend in London.We had a room with a king size bed and a pull out sofa. The only criticism I have is that a regular bed would have been more comfortable for the teens, but I did book the room knowing it was a sofa bed. The room was spacious enough for the 4 of us, and the bathroom was small but clean and practical.The hotel was convenient - just a short walk from the London Bridge Tube station. While it is in a busy area, it was relatively quiet. Breakfast was included - and was a very nice buffet with comfortable restaurant seating. The staff was pleasant and helpful, especially the concierge.We also discovered that it was quite nice to walk down to the Globe Theatre. You can then walk or take a boat (as we did) down to the London Eye where its just a short walk over to Westminster Abbey. Walking the other direction (east) along the Thames we found a nice area called Butler's wharf with great views, and nice restaurants (including Ask where we ate - food was good, but service was a bit slow). It was a nice change from the busy center of London!  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>dianeoc
<Content>Good Deal, Great Hotel Spent two nights here before heading to other destinations. It's central location and proximity to the London Bridge stop of the subway made it an excellent location to get out and see the city. Clean, well-appointed rooms, are small by US standards, but quite adequate. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ams1982
<Content>Lovely but stay away from Room 102! I stayed recently in the hotel with my boyfriend and was given room 102. Its at the end of a corridor and I figured we wouldnt be bothered by noisy neighbours. My boyfriend noticed a high pitched noise when we entered the room but I didnt think it would bother us.Big mistake! Neither of us got any sleep that night thanks to the air conditioning system that was housed next door. It sounded like a high pitched tumble dryer. We asked to be moved the next day and this was not a problem.I would give everything else about the hotel a ten out of ten!  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>barrysexton1977
<Content>Greta London Base Stayed in the London Bridge in MArch and was very impresses with the hotel from the point of view of location staff and accomodation.i would recommend it highyl to anybody going to london for a weekend.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>bigal47
<Content>Excellent London Base The London Bridge Hotel was a great find - we have been to London a number of times and have not previously found a Hotel which fits all our needs so we have never been back to the same Hotel twice.The London Bridge Hotel will now become our favorite and we will certainly be back next time we are in London.As with most reasonably priced London Hotels the rooms are not large however they are comfortably modern and well decorated . - flat screen TV, very comfortable bed and spotless up to the minute en suite.Breakfast was included in our room rate and the range of choices extensive and enjoyable.Our initial concern when we booked it was that it was the wrong side of the River - however we soon discovered on arrival that the London Bridge area is a busttling and interesting area with plenty of choices for dinning and quick snacks .The Hotel is a two minute walk to the Tube Station - and just a short stroll to the Thames riverside walk.And it feels like a proper hotel with helpfull and friendly staff.We would recommend this hotel to fellow Australians who are looking for a comfortable yet reasonably priced ( for London ) Hotel.Alan and Sue Melbourne , Australia  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>travellingrosiedevon
<Content>The staff are a credit to the hotel We have just returned from a 3 day stay at the London Bridge Hotel. The hotel is in an excellent convenient location just a few minutes from London Bridge so evening walks along the floodlit Queens walk to the London Eye and back were enjoyable. Its easy to walk to anywhere in the city and back from the theatre at night, both the main line and tube station are adjacent to the hotel along with a taxi rank, bus stops even the river boats are a few minutes away. The rooms whilst small were well equipped irons and boards, hairdryers, safes, extra pillows and bedding, magazines a flat screen TV and to make watching comfortable a big cushion to be able to comfortably watch from your bed. The whole hotel is spotless and remarkably quiet considering its position by a busy station. The breakfast was excellent and also the Georgetown restaurant we ate their Georgetown all inclusive meal 拢39 + 10% service charge each, but with 20% discount if you book a table if staying at the hotel. This was a 4 course meal with many choices including vegetarian it was excellent and the presentation superb, plus drinks. Start with a Singapore Sling (better than those served in Raffles Singapore!!) half a bottle of wine each with your meal, glass of dessert wine and finish with either a liqueur or liqueur coffee. It was a good that we were staying in the same building I'm not sure we could have made it back on the underground!! All the staff are the real selling point of this hotel from housekeeping staff through waiting staff to front of house staff all were very helpful, cheerful and we observed them go the extra mile, including during a busy breakfast time when a waitress went out of her way to find a phone charger for a guest who had forgotten his, she even connected it all up now that's service. We filled in the hotel survey and complimented the excellent staff and by the next post had a thank you letter personally signed by the manager thanking us and telling us he would pass our compliments onto his staff what a boss!! The guests staying seem to be a mix of business guests, many business meeting were being held as we left on the Monday but also many foreign visitors both in organised parties and travelling independently.Would we stay here again and unreservedly YES and we would recommend it to anyone visiting London both for its welcome and its convenient location.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nilo7
<Content>Fantastic London Hotel! Have stayed at the London Bridge Hotel a few times now and each time everything has been excellent! There are lots of features that I love, it's in a great location, staff are helpful, room service is fab, prices are reasonable, rooms are clean and comfortable and theres a friendly atmosphere. Also, as a vegetarian, the food selection for me is great, something I always find difficult when I stay in other hotels and as well, the fact that as a smoker, they still have rooms available to accommodate my awful habit which DO NOT affect any other guests. I would definately reccommend this hotel as one of the better London Hotels I have had the pleasure to stay in. Thank you!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ch1999
<Content>Great bed, nice decor Stayed overnight on business. Room was on the smaller size, yet felt bigger and more luxurious - very nicely decorated (warm, modern, neutral). Great value business hotel, I'd stay there for a city break weekend as well (might get a bit claustrophobic over a week-long stay tho). Friendly efficient service from desk, concierge and room service. The bed was one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've slept in - soft featherbed on top of firmer mattress, excellent. Room service breakfast was just adequate for the price. Surprised at how quiet it was given that the view from the window was of trains pulling in and out of London Bridge rail station a couple hundred metres away. No sounds from neighbours. The neighbourhood isn't anything special but it's a fine place to park your bags and get a good night's sleep, and there's good underground connections very nearby.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	2	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Tatfinders
<Content>Great Stay Just had a 2 night stay here, although not the easiest to find and no view from the room everything else was excellent. Very helpful staff, great breakfast and location is good too. Room was very comfortable and had all mod cons. Really enjoyed the Borough market and some good places to eat nearby. Would go back and recommend  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TonyandCharlotte
<Content>Fantastic Birthday Treat! My partner and I stayed at this Hotel on Saturday 19th April for my birthday treat (on the Sunday). I cannot fault the facilities, room, staff or the Hotel general areas one bit. Everywhere was spotlessly clean, looked recently decorated, comfortable, welcoming. The bed was excellent, room large and fully equipped, bathroom was huge and immaculate. Breakfast was superb, lots of attentive staff. We went for the Full English option and there was lots to choose from.I had a great time, thanks to my partner too, and will definitely return one day. I will also have no hesitation in recommending this Hotel to any friends/colleagues I know who are visiting London.I must also thank Trip Advisor, as I always check reviews before staying anywhere and they are always very accurate!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Beargonefishin
<Content>An OK stay This hotel is just average in my opinion. We were given a room with a brick wall out of the single window. If you stood on the bed the view was OK. I do not understand why a hotel would even use this type of location as a guest room. The front desk experience was OK, the breakfast was good, small room, location was acceptable.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Ava-Noliday
<Content>Excellent Hotel - give it a try! I recently had to go to London on business and needed a reasonable place to stay on Sunday 13th April 2008. My colleague Clare and I stayed at the London Bridge Hotel and I must say it was impressive. We stayed in Room 223, which is a twin room overlooking London Bridge Street. The beds were really comfortable and the room was very clean and well decorated. The bathroom has an extra mirror (great for plucking eyebrows or pondering whether botox time could be impending!!) fastened to the wall near the sink. Lots of fluffy white towels.Selections of up to date magazines were thoughtfully provided by the hotel along with all the usual tea, coffee etc. The wardrobe also lights up when the door is opened which saves any rummaging in the dark. There is also a safe, ironing board and iron, spare blankets, pillows in there. The staff were friendly, helpful and even send you an email after your visit to thank you for staying and that they look forward to your return 鈥?a nice touch, whether they mean it or not!Breakfast was included in our price, this is taken in the lower floor Londinium restaurant. There was a good selection of both cold and hot fare, fruit juice etc which would offer something for everyone. If you require a taxi there are usually lots outside due to its proximity to the London Bridge rail station. However, noise at night is not an issue here. The photographs on the hotel website are accurate and I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone staying in London.from Ava Noliday  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>170606
<Content>Excellent!       Suite again 2  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Natwee
<Content>fantastic hotel !!!! We have just returned from a fabulous weekend break in london.When we usually stay in London we use a hotel that we get through my husbands workplace, but as this was no longer available we looked on the internet for a hotel of similar quality, and we came across the London bridge hotel. Following the train journey into london we found the hotel straight away. The check in was smooth and the receptionist was very polite and helpful our room was gorgeous a bit on the small side but ample for what we wanted ( somewhere to sleep and get changed !!). The rooms were very clean and modern and very homely including a lcd tv .... On our return from a concert on the friday we noticed that there was a club/bar directly next to the hotel and was thinking that as our room was on the front of the hotel we would experience noise etc but both of us slept like babies no noise what so ever.Breakfast was buffet style with the usual cereal, toast , etc all buffet style and it was fantastic you couldn't fault any thing.We stayed 2 nights at the hotel and both declared that this would now be our regular hotel when we stay in london. Would i recomend the hotel Most definately.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JO-SHEFFIELD20
<Content>Beautiful hotel One of the best, cleanest hotels I have ever stayed in anywhere. I booked this hotel through hotelstayuk and got it at a bargin price and I was not dissapointed. It was so clean and tidy, the rooms were gorgeous. The bed was a dream to sleep in. They provided some amazing things in the room. The food was great. Everything down to the quality of the napkins amazed me!!! I can not fault it. My partner and I will definately be going back.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>TravellerGN
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed at the London Bridge Hotel on a three night theatre weekend break over the Easter Period. Hotel is in a great location, two minutes walk from tube  buses. Hotel staff where helpful, pleasent  very courteous. The spacious room was clean, tastefully decorated and furnished, the double bed was probably one of the most comfortable I have slept in during my stay at an hotel. Breakfast was a high quality full English buffet style meal. Will definitely use this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>sunflower47
<Content>Fantastic place to stay We have just come back from our stay at the London Bridge Hotel and thought that I must write to say how fantastic it was. I can't fault anything! The staff were friendly and very helpful - nothing was too much trouble. The room that we stayed in was very modern, comfortable and clean.We ate at the Londinium restaurant in the evening and the food was excellent. As too was the breakfast!This was definately the best hotel that I have stayed in in London, within the same price bracket and we are looking forward to a return visit!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Him-and-me
<Content>Brilliant Stayed two nights in a standard room which was small but modern and extremely clean. Breakfast was great - lots of choice (although staff took a while to 'refill' some of the hot cooked choices). Staff were really helpful and friendly. Location wonderful - right next to Borough Market and the tube. Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Finzo
<Content>London Bridge Hotel We stayed at London Bridge Hotel for 2 nights over St Paddy's weekend and couldn't recommend it highly enough. Staff, efficiency, cleanliness, price, rooms, breakfast - all exceeded our expectations.Great location for a direct train to Gatwick. So much to see / do locally, don't miss Borough Market on Thurs, Fri  Saturday. As for Neal's Yard cheese shop, outstanding!A great stay  one we would hope to do again soon!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>MELSY
<Content>Excellent location-reasonable price Just got back from a 3 night stay over the Easter weekend.Great hotel with good facilities.Excellent location -near to both mainline  underground stations.We had room service on a couple of occasions  the food was of both a good quality  hot.Stayed in a superior room -which was on the small side but clean.We will definitely be back !  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>bockest
<Content>Only one word: Superb       Standard room  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TXwonderer
<Content>A little hotel that has everything       Bath view 2  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Quinndee
<Content>Great hotel in a super location on the South Bank. We stayed at London Bridge Hotel for the weekend 14-16 March, and were able to check in 12:30 on Friday and to leave our luggage for the day following checkout on Sunday. We had difficulty finding the correct exit from London Bridge tube station, so if you are arriving by train or tube make sure that you are at the main railway station entrance (look for signs to buses) before heading across the street to the hotel. Then the hotel is a 50 metre walk from the station.The twin room we had was small but the furnishings and bathroom were of a very high standard. Everything else about the hotel was excellent. The staff were very friendly and helpful particularly in the dining room, and the breakfast first class.The hotel is in a great location for visiting Borough Market (not to be missed) and several pleasant eateries. It's an ideal base for exploring central London and we would certainly return.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Spaview
<Content>Faultless!!! We have just returned from a long weekend in London, and had the pleasure of staying at this hotel.Everything about our stay was wonderful, the staff, are friendly and helpful. The room, very clean, very comfortable, modern, and tastefully decorated. The bathroom was a pleasure to use, exceptionally clean, plenty of toiletries and towels. We had room service, (sandwiches) this was delivered quickly, was hot, very fresh and nicely presented. Breakfast on both mornings was plentiful, hot, and cooked very well, with a very good choice.The hotel is in a very good location for getting around the capital, with the train station in such close proximity. Plenty of bars around, we walked around the area in the evening and felt quite safe.We used this site, to select this hotel to stay in, we weren't disapointed and we wouldn't hesitate to stay again or to recommend the London Bridge Hotel. 100% satisfied  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jennifer81
<Content>Best value This was our first stay 'south of the river' as we wanted to visit Vinopolis and London Eye. It was the perfect location. Hotel staff were brilliant and concierge knew everything we wanted to know. Room was immaculate and we upgraded to superior double for a nominal sum. All amenities were great. Would definitely say that it was the best value for money in London we have experienced and we are regular visitors.Jenny, Great Yarmouth  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrsJoseph
<Content>Loved it! I recently had the pleasure to stay at the London Bridge Hotel and was absolutely delighted. We were in a party of four and the staff were couteous, helpful, friendly, attentive but with a subtle presence. The rooms were of a very high standard and normal sized for a double or twin room. The decor was that of small boutique hotel appearance, with lovely high quality fixtures and fittings. Yes, the room faced onto the street and other buildings but as we are in the centre of London, where else could it face? There was no problem with noise and the area is so convenient for public transport, bars and other entertainment. The breakfast was excellent, the restaurant very attractive and the staff there were also great, professional and efficient. The concierge and the reception service was second to none and extremely helpful and considerate. Overall a fantastic, smart, trendy place to stay. Highly recommend it!!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>redheadWakefield
<Content>Lovely Hotel, Great Location Booked a Weekend Deluxe Package through the hotel which includes deluxe room with 32 plasma tv, fruit, chocolates and bottle of wine. Also included in the package a 2 course meal with champagne which was outstanding. Hotel staff very friendly and helpful. Location next to London Bridge Station,but no noise can be heard from the trains. If going to theatres dont use the underground, use overground train to Charing Cross Station takes 5mins. The hotel is ideally located for London Eye, take a walk along the Embankment so much to see and do and great views of London. Highly recommended, can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>robertsondru
<Content>Avery good experience. We spent four nights at the London Bridge hotel at the beginning of March. The hotel is very well placed for transport links and despite the busy area the hotel itself and the rooms are lovely and quiet.The staff are very courteous and helpful and we felt very welcome.At breakfast both the food and the service were of a high standard and generally we were impressed with the cleanliness and tidiness of the hotel.We are getting a bit old to cope with London now but a hotel like this might persuade us to return.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Farnham_Flyer
<Content>Business oriented hotel This is a popular business hotel just over the Thames from the City but close to good bars and dining in the Borough Market area.It can be hard to get rooms, so need to book well in advance. At the higher end of the spectrum in the area, but the rooms are better than the competition.Only negative is the bar is rather small if having to cater for more than one large group.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>holidayprincess
<Content>Excellent London Bridge Experience We stayed here for our anniversary last Nov, in a deluxe room, which was very spacious and luxurious, with CD player, i-pod dock, fruit, robes etc. The room also had a walk-in wardrobe/dressing room. Nothing was too much trouble for the friendly staff, and it was very well located for everything we wanted to get to (river, O2, tube lines), and some great local eateries. I'm a very fussy traveller, and we found this to be faultless, plus good value for money, especially in London. It will definitely be our hotel of choice on all future breaks to London.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Jo-Me
<Content>Ok Stayed here for 2 nights in January. Rooms are small, even by European standard, a bit cramped, we had a nice view of some vents and an office building about 4 metres away so we constantly had to keep the blinds closed. There were lots of options for breakfast but I found they had so many staff on to collect dirty plates etc. that it seemed like every 10 seconds they were asking you was everything ok and trying to whip the plate away from you, not very relaxing at all so we left without finishing our breakfast we felt that uncomfortable. Concierge staff were nice but found they could be slightly more helpful. Location is a bit rough in my opinion, didn't feel quite safe once it got dark and on the dirty side street up to the tube station we saw a lot of wallets on the ground ?? So we quickly scarpered off that street and into the hotel. If I was to go back to London I would look elsewhere for somewhere to stay.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>ChristineSim
<Content>Fantastic! Me and my husband found this hotel superb for the cost and location. The staff were very helpful and friendly and the rooms were really spacious and clean. Its just a stones throw from the Tube station which is really handy. We are going to stop there again for definate for our next visit.We had a 3 nights stay which included continental breakfast but when we got to breakfast in the morning we were offered the full works of full english. The only thing was that the food was only warm, but we couldnt complain. There was plenty to choose from including lovely breads. I would advise anyone to stay here, its great!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Katie155
<Content>Great Value for Money Although we only stayed one night it was a thoroughly pleasant experience. The staff were courteous and helpful and the room was spotless and very comfortable. In the evening we tried their Malaysian restaurant which was good value for money. Again the restaurant staff were exemplary. We would definitely stay here again and recommend it to others. Also very conveniently situated for travelling by train.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sue78
<Content>clean and comfortable Stayed with teenage children for weekend. Had rooms next to each other without having to ask. Rooms compact but not a problem, very clean and bed very comfortable. Reception staff very polite and welcoming. Breakfast enough choice and good quality. Would definitely stay here again, it is very close to tube station with minimal noise from trains heard only slightly in the morning.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JillandIan
<Content>Excellent Hotel Just got back from the London Bridge Hotel, I have stayed in many hotels in London and this was by far the best I have stayed in. The staff were very friendly and could not do enough for you. The room was very spacious and clean. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CMRMidlandsUK
<Content>Excellent is all we need to say Excellent is all we need to say. We stayed 1 night on a Theater trip Room good food good Staff good. I am hard to please!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RedMangoLosAngeles
<Content>Great Hotel Nice Staff! Just got back last night from a stay at the London Bridge Hotel and really enjoyed it (interestingly, we also heard the fire alarm mentioned in the previous post but happened to be awake at the time, so it didn't bother us that much)Our room was very spacious and unlike older London hotels had excellent water pressure for the shower; all of the amenities were clean and well appointed (tea and coffee, robes and slippers) The bathroom was huge and the staff was very friendly. We did pay extra to use the Internet (10 GBP or 20 US$) but the connection was broken and after some time the hotel staff was unable to correct this, though they happily refunded our money promptly. B-fest was fresh and varied. Location in London was very nice and easy to get to via the London Bridge tube stop, literally around the corner. We did try and use the Fitness facility next door but they have very limited hours on the weekends so just note this in advance (I am not sure if they are a separate business entity from the hotel, they do adjoin and usage is free with the hotel stay) I would not hesitate to stay at the London Bridge Hotel again.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	1	

<Author>JAR51
<Content>Absolutely ......................... Loved everything about this hotel. Very comfortable, clean and the staff were more than helpful. The bed was one of the most comforatble I've slept in and the breakfast choice was extensive. Yes the rooms are smaller than average, but beautifully furnished. We had dinner in the restaurant and the menu choice, service and food was of high quality. The White Company toiletries were an added bonus, and the close proximity to the underground was very convenient.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Dalesider
<Content>Almost very good Stayed at the LB for three nights last week and it does what it says on the box. It is worth paying the money for the new rooms which run from x21 to x30. PositivesThese are among the largest rooms you will get for your money at this class of hotel in London. Clean bright and airy with an absolutely huge bed and great linen. Lots of wardrobe and cupboard space. Good writing desk with network node if you want to work.Good clean bathroom, complimentary bathrobes and slippers, first class towels.Staff are friendly and efficient as is check in and checkout.London Bridge station is a major asset as all the trains from Kent to Charing Cross stop there, - every 2 or 3 minutes. DO NOT TAKE THE TUBE if you want to go to theatreland. You will have to change at Waterloo for the Northern Line and walk about half a mile underground at the interchange. Instead catch the train from the main line station (Platform 6) to Charing Cross and you will be there in 5 minutes. Only 拢1.40 single rather than 拢4 tube fare!NegativesIf you have one of the new rooms do not stay on the first floor as you will be over an LA Fitness Gym. You will wake up to the sound of incessant drum and bass played at 120 decibels coming through your floor.Try to ensure that your room does not have a connecting door to another as they are not soundproofed and your conversations soon turn onto a quartet. Breakfast is the usual homogenised buffet - format crap that they serve up all over London. Fried eggs are like rubber balls and the scrambled eggs have the texture of cavity wall insulation. I asked if the kitchen could cook me two lightly fried (runny) eggs on toast, but got two more golf balls for my trouble. They can make a half decent double expresso if you ask for it.I would still recommend this hotel heartily, but make sure that to book a higher floor and eat breakfast at the little Italian cafe round the corner on Borough High Street  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SimonLeedsEngland
<Content>Another unbeatable stay We stayed one night 15th Feb 2008 - the second time we have used this hotel. The first time I did not think it could get any better but yes this time we got a free upgrade when checking in to an executive room. The room was very spacious and whilst it had all the same facilities (plasma t.v etc.) as the room on our first visit, it was more spacious, free fruit and bottled water and the bed was massive to say the least. Once again all the staff were friendly and helpful. Breakfast was great lots of choice from fruit, cereals through to bacon, sausage etc. The location is ideal for exploring along the South Bank on foot and with the tube station literally 200 yards away nowhere is out of reach or difficult to get to. Borough Bar next door is great for drinks after a long day sightseeing too. Will definitely be staying here again on our next trip to London.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DebandJonathan
<Content>great hotel! Bad fire alrm system! Just returned from a Saturday night at this hotel. Hotel was great once we found it (the best way is from main entrance to London Bridge Train Station (it's just opposite) so make your way there even if you arrive by the Underground). Would have given an excellent rating - good room, london skyline view from window, flat screen TV with Sky Sports, tea and coffee facilities, clean white and chrome bathroom, comfy bed, good buffet breakfast, restaurants near-by and so on, but the stay was marred by a faulty fire system causing the alarm to go off four times between midnight an half past. Everyone in the hotel was very unhappy about this! We'll probably go back, because it as good value (search the usual hotel booking websites for the best offer going - we saved 50% booking through hotelsdirect), though we'll be hoping that the faulty fire alarm will be fixed by then!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>loobyloos
<Content>Great hotel both for business or pleasure This was our second visit to the London Bridge Hotel and it was just as good as the first. Room excellent, modern decor, very quiet and clean with good bathroom. Staff very friendly and helpful. The hotel is in an excellent position for both the tube station, and the train and also the bus station. Many of the sights are in easy walking distance e.g. Tower of London and Tower Bridge. Breakfast was very good with plenty of choice. We will definately stay here when we visit London again.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LOS72
<Content>Lovely London Bridge I stayed at the London Bridge Hotel last weekend during a shopping break with a friend. We were pleasantly surprised on arrival at London Bridge Station to find that the hotel was literally a two minute walk away. The location was terrific - a stones throw from a mainline tube station which has the added bonus of also being a station for the docklands light railway which is a very quick and easy way to travel into Charing Cross Station. A short walk in the other direction is the Thames Path which is an extremely pleasant walk along the Thames with plenty of sightseeing opportunities, bars, restaurants and cafes along the way. The hotel itself was very modern and clean. The staff were very friendly and helpful and we experienced no difficulties at all during our stay. Our twin room was, again, very modern, tidy and clean. The bathroom was spotless, there was plenty of storage space, the beds were very comfortable and the large plasma screen tv was an added bonus. The only downside was the fact that the air conditioning was a little noisy at night but to be honest after a hard day's shopping it would have taken a lot more than that to keep me awake! When I booked the hotel it was advertised as bed and continental breakfast but we were pleased to find, on arrival in the restaurant the first morning, that in fact that the choice was excellent - a great selection of cereal, fruit juices, pastries, cheese, cold meats, as well as cooked english breakfast items - bacon, eggs, sausage etc etc. Overall, I cannot fault the London Bridge Hotel and would definitely stay there again in the future - it was an excellent base from which to explore the city.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Maddy57
<Content>Doesn't disappoint on 2nd visit Had a wonderful weekend here, 2nd time I have used the hotel and excellent in every respect. Excellent rooms (especially for the price), friendly helpful staff and good breakfast. Super location for accessibility and exploring this part of London. Don't miss Borough Market on Sat am.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DawsonUK
<Content>Nice quality hotel Excellent Hotel with staff always trying to do the best for the clients. Breakfast was lovely, although a little cramped at times. The check in process was fairly straightforward, although a word of Warning. We booked through Skoosh, for a double room, which was confirmed by email, however with a disclaimer based on availability. My only recommendation, if you are two guys and want a twin, or you are with your partner and need a double, use another booking site, that will at least confirm the room you are getting. The hotel staff did their utmost to accomodate us, however the only way we could get a double was to upgrade.Other downsides, it is close to the financial district, which does not open at the weekend, we dashed across to Frasers and M  S on the saturday morning, only to find that they only open through the week.This is obviously not a fault of the hotel, and is only to make other travellers aware. I would definately stay at this hotel again, although would book through another provider or direct with the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Caz36
<Content>Friendly accomodating staff On booking through a third party we were disappointed that we couldn't be guaranteed a double room on arrival. When we arrived at the London Bridge the staff did their utmost to ensure we had a double room for which we were very grateful.Room was clean and comfortable. Breakfast very enjoyable and staff friendly.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FaeGlasgow
<Content>Perfect for a romantic weekend Having read the reviews of this hotel, it is one that I have tried to get into for a while. In addition, the breakfast inclusive rate that I booked made it considerably cheaper than other hotels of similar (or even poorer) quality. Staff were lovely and friendly, room very comfortable and there were literally hundreds of pillows and cushions on the bed, which was probably too large for the room. The room was very comfortable but a bit on the small side for staying more than a couple of nights. If you want to stay a week - book a deluxe room.Only criticism is that there was only one bedside table - on one side. Could have done with two  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ConstantTraveller_8
<Content>A regular stay I've stayed here a few times on business and always find it good. Service is fine, the rooms are comfy and really nicely decorated. There's a good choice for breakfast and the Malaysian restaurant attached always does a good meal with good service. The location next to London Bridge is also very handy.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>YoungGun
<Content>A Wonderful Stay in London       Room 119 - View of the Room  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rocky3053
<Content>excellent experience A very well situated hotel ,excellent for travel links rail/tube throughout the city.The hotel was very modern and clean with exceptional decor and facilities. Bedrooms were of a high standard with a large comfortable bed. Breakfast was provided in a relaxed atmosphere offering a varied selection. Staff friendly and willing to assist with any requests. Highly recommended and will visit again in the future.Susan Hudson- Newcastle upon Tyne  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ZandaSpain
<Content>A touch of class My family - 4 of us stayed at this hotel last week for 3 nights. It was recommended to me by a family member who had stayed there several times. As a regular Tripadvisor member I always look here before I book. Reviews I have always found to be very accurate.From arrival to departure service was efficient and courteous.Rooms were spotless, and beautifully furnished with a touch of class - interior design worked well with the space available. No traffic noise at all - a rarity for a hotel in London.Bathroom had constant hot water, and excellent toiletries.Breakfast choice from the buffet was superb, and the staff were efficient and always smiling. Smartly attired and no slip shod attitude here! They took care with the preparation of the tables, and presentation of the food.Location is good - near to the Underground, and within walking distance of many tourist sights. As in previous reviews I can recommend this hotel to any discerning traveller - you will not be disappointed. I will certainly stay at this hotel again whenever I am in London.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CBaxterYork_UK
<Content>Great value hotel After reading so many favourable reviews we booked to stay at the London Bridge in January 08. We weren't disappointed with the quality of the hotel and really couldn't fault it. Our room was fairly small but very clean, well equipped and modern with a large flat screen TV and very comfy beds. We did think it was very warm when we first got in there but once we figured out how to use the air conditioning it was fine. The breakfast was excellent with a really wide choice. Staff were all friendly and the staff at the concierge desk were very helpful with any questions. The hotel is right next to London Bridge Station but if you come out at the wrong exit it's actually very easy to get lost! Basically you need to follow signs to the mainline station - go right into that station past all the shops and exit at the bus station. The hotel is then just over the road.The location was the only slight downside as it did feel a little far out from the West End etc. The Jubilee line was closed when we visited and the Northern line isn't the best for access into central London. That said, it wasn't too much hassle and is also a great location for visiting the Tate Modern. I would probably be willing to forfeit a more central location to stay there again as you know you're getting a reliably good hotel.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>laughingsheep
<Content>Good value hotel at the right rate       Bathroom in standard room  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>LIncolnToots
<Content>Wow ....What a find Date: 16 January 2008Reviewer: Joyce Lincoln Having researched Trip Advisor, we stayed at the LBH for a week end in November - a surprise 40th Anniversary present for my husband. Naturally I wanted everything to be perfect, if that鈥檚 possible. We were not disappointed. We booked on LBH website at very reasonable rates.  Immediately we arrived the very pleasant Receptionist informed us we鈥檇 been allocated a free upgrade which we thought was a lovely gesture, on our special weekend. That set us up for the weekend. The friendly Concierge looked after our luggage as we were a bit early to check in. The room was lovely. Very spacious, contemporary fittings, spotlessly clean, comfy bed, flat screen TV, fridge , tea/coffee etc and鈥? gleaming bathroom. Even the apples on the shelf seemed to have been polished! Breakfast was very good with plenty of choice, cold and hot buffet. Staff very attentive. We wished we had taken dinner too, as the menu sounded very good and, we thought, reasonably priced for London, but I had arranged a Thames Dinner Cruise. (On that cruise we met a couple from Brussels who were staying at a 5* hotel at enormous cost, and who were very disappointed鈥?I had absolutely no hesitation in recommending LBH to them for their next trip!) LBH is very close to LB Station (very confusing exits), and great for walks along the South Bank, walking distance to the Eye, plenty restaurants on the way. Despite it鈥檚 location it is very quiet. We had a fabulous week end. It was a particularly nice touch for the Manager to acknowledge our comments on our stay, such feedback is rare in the business. He deserves to succeed. We travel around quite a bit and we will most definitely stay here again. 鈥e both loved it.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MoyaYorkshire
<Content>Clean and comfortable The room was very comfortable and spacious and very clean.The staff are extremely helpful and polite. The full English breakfast excellent. The restaurant prices quite expensive.A most enjoyable long weekend. The Hotel is close to underground and buses. Ideal for all ages if walking is a problem.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SueG56
<Content>Great value hotel in excellent location Date: 30th December 2007Trip Advisor Member from Dunstable, EnglandThis was our second visit to the London Bridge Hotel. We asked for a free upgrade but the hotel was fully booked. We had a small room which was comfortable, clean and well furnished but if you can stretch your budget book a deluxe room which are more spacious. It is a lovely quite hotel tucked away at the back of London Bridge main line station and in a superb position to explore the South Bank of the Thames and it is very easy to go further afield with transport links on the doorstep. The breakfast is great and there are a few shops around the hotel for any essentials and the main line station has good shops too. We will definitely make a third visit to this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mugseybear
<Content>What A Brilliant Hotel       another view of the outside  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>dennis-n-minnie
<Content>a little gem We were booked into this hotel as part of a New Year package, and wouldnt have normally stayed in this part of London - but it was a great hotel in a good location.Couple of minutes walk from the Tube (London Bridge), although the first time is a bit confusing due to the various exits - just head toward London Bridge itself.Reception staff were welcoming and efficient. Room was nicely furnished, spacious and clean. Nice clean bathroom - with bath and shower.The room was very warm - I didnt discover the air con switch until the second night. doh! - but the windows opened for fresh air. Our room was on the first floor at the front of the hotel and despite the closeness of the train and bus stations it was surprisingly quiet. Only room problem was on the second night the weather turned quite windy and the flag poles below our room rattled noisily. I mentioned it on checking out and the receptionist noted it down, so hopefully they'll be secured.Breakfast was good - choice of hot and cold buffets - and friendly and efficient restaurant staff.Didn't spend too much time in the immediate area but there were plenty of shops and bars nearby. And there's a very good chip shop on the corner!A good experience and I'm sure we will be staying here again.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>lanakoala
<Content>So lucky to find London Bridge! I chose London Bridge Hotel because of the great rates- 99 pounds a night and the great reviews on tripadvisor.com. The hotel proved to be excellent from check-in to check-out.I arrived in London on a 6am flight. I had alerted LBH that I would be arriving early and requested early check-in. Upon arrival, the hotel staff let me in and checked me in quickly. This was most appreciated since I hadn't slept on the way over.Upon entering the room I noticed that it was small, but comfortable (with plenty of space to move around). The bed was huge, covered with pillows, a nice duvet, and very cushy though it felt as though it had had some wear. The flat screen tv was nice as was the minibar. I also appreciated the in-room safe and closet space. I also had a dresser which came in handy during my stay.Another huge perk to the hotel was that it was very close to London Bridge Station. (A two minute walk). I often returned to the hotel late at night and at times got a little disoriented (using the different tube exits). Nevertheless, the area was quiet and seemed safe so no worries about wandering a few extra minutes to get my bearings. Another great thing about the area was that LBS connects very easily with other tube lines. I could always be where I needed to be in only a few stops. This hotel was extremely central though quiet- just outside of the hustle and bustle.As this was a short trip packed with London walks and visits with friends, I never seemed to make it to breakfast which was included with my rate. Still, the hotel was a welcoming place each evening. Magazines and newspapers were always handy and a staff member always on hand. I never required much help from concierge or reception, but the one time I had some questions, I was struck by the Spanish receptionist's willingness to help me, even provide me more information than expected (I never expect that level of service). In terms of any problems with my stay, I noticed that my toilet handle didn't seem to want to flush. It worked well enough so that I did not have to bother maintenance. Still, I received a letter from the hotel (today in fact) thanking me for my good feedback as well as a note that they would look into the toilet handle to make any necessary repairs. I always appreciate follow-up to concerns and compliments. Rarely do hotels make this contact, but when they do, it is forever appreciated. Just writing about the hotel makes me want to go back. I am sure I will not forget this hotel and should I have a chance to come back to London I will check LBH first.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Midstwo
<Content>Nice place to stay! Only stayed one night but were treated with the utmost courtesy and friendliness by the staff.Quiet(and not over-heated!!) well decorated room which though smallish was well equipped.Would have no hesitation in going back.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Djurslandsanne
<Content>Hope to come back! Stayed in London Bridge Hotel 29.12 - 1.1.08.The staff was very friendly and helpful, the breakfast excellent and the furnishing beautiful.My only concern praising this hotel is that there may be no room for us when we go to London next time!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>piazzacavore
<Content>Nice Hotel Stayed at the London Bridge Hotel for three nights and enjoyed the experience.The hotel is very clean and tidy,and the reception staff very helpful.The area that it is in is a little shabby however,but fortunately not far from the underground station.Overall a relaxing,enjoyable stay,and would have no qualms about returning.The only complaint that we hve is that the air conditioning needs improving as the room that we were in was quite stuffy.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>taniakim
<Content>welcoming, friendly, and an excellent hotel My boyfriend and I stayed at the London Bridge hotel from 28 - 30 Dec 07 and had a fantastic weekend. You are made to feel welcome from the moment you walk through the door and enter this very clean and modern hotel. All the staff are very friendly and everyone has a smile on their face from the chamber maids to the front desk staff.We were very impressed with the comfortable room and the attention to detail. We had a full english breakfast in the Londonian Restuarant and the choice of food and service was excellent.I would recommend this hotel to anybody as an ideal base for their trip to London. There are some good restuarants and bars within easy walking distance and you are right on the doorstep of underground access to the rest of London. I will certainly stay here again in the future.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>BEVA
<Content>Stopover Stayed here for one night when in London to see a show with my family.This is a really great place to stay.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Deb28
<Content>London Bridge Hotel well worth a visit I had read several positive reviews about this hotel and so decided to try it out . Took my mum for a birthday treat and stayed overnight in order to visit the Tutankhamun exhibition and see a show. From check in to checking out the hotel was great! The room was spotless and well appointed, beds were comfy and it was not noisy. The only meal we had was breakfast but it was lovely with great service. All the staff yhat we met were friendly and polite, nothing seemed too much trouble. On my last visit to London I payed twice the price and stayed in a 4* hotel in Mayfair, the London Bridge was just as good if not better and I will definitely be going back. Excellent location for transport links with Tube, DLR and piers all close by.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>earl1971
<Content>Loved the London Bridge Hotel My husband, 14 month old baby and myself stayed at the London Bridge Hotel for one night and it was great! They had the baby crib set up in our room when we arrived and recommended family friendly places to have dinner that night. We stayed in a deluxe room and that was plenty of space for the 3 of us. The hotel is a 2 min walk from London Bridge tube and train station.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>merseysiders7
<Content>great hotel We had a lovely stay here room very comfortable breakfast delicious very attentive staff especially Ludovic.Will definately return  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chicolinda
<Content>clean  Very nice rooms, clean and up dated. Rooms are small but upgraded rooms are good size. Richard in the help desk was wonderful and helpful. Tube station just a short walk from hotel. Morning breakfast is very good at the hotel. For an inexpensive meal close to the hotel try Wagamama, fast and fun. I have only been home a day and a half and want to go back already! Book it and go...why wait?!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>CoastieGirl04
<Content>Beautiful Modern Hotel I was impressed with the modern/ contemporary decorations and fixtures of the hotel. I had heard and expected most London hotels to offer very small rooms and the rooms here were smaller than I would expect in the States. However, the use of such modern fixtures (flat screen TVs, half-glass door tub, fridge hidden in cabinet, etc.), kept the room from feeling cramped. Our large window provided us with a nice view of the Thames and London Bridge.The concierege was very helpful and regularly checked on something for us and printed further directions. The staff in general was very friendly. Breakfast was always the same buffet fare of a traditional English breakfast. Generally there was plenty to eat and quick service. However, the weekend seemed to pick up a lot. (That was the weekend right before Christmas, so that may have been why). The location was ideal. There was plenty to see and do within walking distance and some nice and pubs on the street. The tube and a rail station were both around the corner. The heat to the room was excessive, regardless of what level we set the thermostat. We were able to keep the room comfortable by leaving the windows open any time we were in the room. On the second to last day, we were able to turn off the heat.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Jay07hardcore
<Content>Great value for money Room not ready when we arrived so left our bags and when we returned we had been upgraded to a family apartment. It was huge, separate sitting room, dining room and large kitchen It had two bebrooms with very comfy beds and a 50 television. Breakfast was good, they kept running out of things but they were soon replaced.Location was about two tube rides away for anywhere central but the tube station was just around the corner.All in all great hotel with friendly service, would definitely use again, great value for money.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>the_dungeoneer
<Content>Nice but a little small and too hot!       clean modern bathroom  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>AyrshireJaggy
<Content>Will stay again - great location Lovely clean comfortable hotel. Staff very helpful and welcoming. Will go back for next London trip. Very near Borough market - foodie heaven - and handy for O2. Really good turkish restaurant near too.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>PoterNorway
<Content>Nice hotel Nice hotel in av quiet street close to rail- and tubestation. Nice rooms with large and soft bed with thick duvet and lots of pillows. Large LCD-television and modern furiture in the room, no noise from traffic. Clean bathroom with tub.Breakfast buffet was good. Staff friendly and helpful.We stayed three nights, and will stay at the same hotel again.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>EmemBath
<Content>Great London Hotel Our 4th stay this year. Great value for the location. Breakfast excellent and rooms clean and functionally chic. The staff on all four visits have been friendly and polite.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>SECGloucestershire
<Content>Friendly and helpful staff. From the moment you walk in the door you are greeted with a great ambiance and very welcoming staff. The room wasn't the biggest but plenty big enough for a weekend away. Well decorated and extremely clean. Very comfortable twin beds and no noise from other rooms or outside. Breakfast included in very good room rate was first class, with huge choice and very high standard. Plenty of helpful staff meant it was kept fresh and offered full availability at all times. On the whole the hotel added a great deal to our weekend away and all staff without exception of the highest calibre.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dancing_Boy
<Content>Pretty, Pretty Good Booked rooms for my Dad (coming from NYC) and I (coming from L.A.) - My dad arrived before I did and got a single room - Please, for the love of God, do NOT book yourself into one of these rooms. He's a senior and his deal was cheap so he didn't complain.My room wasn't ready until 2pm. When 3pm rolled around I started to get a bit grumpy (looong plane ride from LA). However, they upgraded me to a King room (#318) which was absolutely delicious.All of the other reviews are correct - great room, great shower, comfortable, updated, etc.The concierge was excellent is finding restaurants (Fish, around the block is pretty good, the Steak place... not so much) and even booked me a rail pass to Diss.There are two underground tube lines with many entrances throughout the neighborhood and even another line right across the bridge. So convenient! London Bridge and Tower of London are easy walking distances and there's even a Starbucks nearby.The pound was ridiculous (2 bucks+ for every buck), but what are you gonna do?Thanks tripadvisor and to those who have previously reviewed. You didn't let me or my dad down.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	3	5	3	

<Author>bdog65
<Content>Great Hotel My wife and I stayed here 2 nights of our europe vacation. The rooms were very nice and so were the bathrooms. The free breakfast was very good and very upscale. The location was very good with the undergroundbeing only a block away. There was a farmers market across the street that was great. We would stay here again for sure. The only draw back i saw was the rooms were a bit small, but thats how it is in eruope.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>smudgerCornwall
<Content>A truly wonderful experience My wife and myself stayed at this excellent hotel for one night on Dec 3rd 2007.We found the hotel very comfortable and all the staff were very friendly and very helpful,in particular I would like to thank the concierge who I informed that we wished to know the location of a good Thai restaurant,not only did the concierge book our table on our behalf he also took the time to print off a full menu from the restaurants web-site for our perusal,the restaurant was only a five minute walk which was ample for myself as I suffered Heart Failure in April 2005.The Thai meal and the position of the restaurant overlooking the Thames was out of this world.Thanks to all at the London Bridge Hotel for making our brief stay in London a very happy and memorable experience.Mr A Gentry  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Andy123Northampton
<Content>Excellent Central London Hotel We stayed at London Bridge Hotel for 1 night. We chose this hotel as it was very close to Central London, but more importantly it was opposite London Bridge Station, where we could get a 4 stop 10 minute journey by tube to the O2 Arena for a concert. Our room rate was 拢119 including breakfast.If travelling to the hotel by car, be aware there is no car park. When we rang to book, we were told that there was an NCP car park a few minutes away. However we did a bit of research on the internet and it seemed that this car park filled very quickly with visitors to Guys Hospital, which was very close to the hotel. We found a BCP carpark close to Tower Bridge, only a 10 minutes walk to the hotel and we could pre-book on the internet to ensure a space. It is pretty congested around the area of the hotel (although the road the hotel itself is on is pretty quiet), and unless you know the area I wouldn鈥檛 think driving around looking for car parking would be much fun.Walking along Tooley Street form the car park, we couldn鈥檛 find the hotel first time, we discovered that it is actually through the other side of the station, up a flight of stairs.We arrived at around 11.00 am, and as this was too early to check in the hotel concierge took our bags while we pre-registered.We got back to the hotel around 5.00pm, and the receptionist told us we had been upgraded to a room in the newer wing of the hotel. It was certainly a very clean, modern and comfortable room, with a large LCD TV, Safe (although maybe the batteries were running out as it took ages to close/open), tea/coffee, desk and ipod docking station.The bathroom was also very clean and well stocked with bits and pieces.Our room was on the first floor (there are 5) overlooking the main road, but having said that it was very quiet day and night. There is a bus stop directly outside, not sure where the buses go to though.Breakfast was very nice, in the Londinium restaurant down on the LG floor. It was all buffet style, with eggs, bacon, hash browns, sausages, cereals, toast etc etc.There is a restaurant attached to the hotel, Malaysian I think and also a bar next door. There is a small sitting area in reception.The concierge again stored our bags on the day we checked out, before we collected them later in the day.Throughout our stay all the staff we came into contact with were friendly and helpful.We would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HowardW
<Content>Beyond our expectations We just spent 4 nights at the hotel while in London on business. Our meetings were all located in The City, just a short walk over London Bridge. The location is perfect, with easy access to trains and the Underground within one block. We found our rooms to be exceptionally clean, including the bathrooms. Yes, as with most London hotel rooms, they are somewhat small. But the beds were comfortable, the towels were big and fluffy and we were completely satisfied. Given the price for the room, the breakfast was an unexpected bonus. There were always a wide variety of items to choose from and the staff were very attentive.We had only one complaint. Although every room is wired for high speed internet access, there is an additional charge to use it. A modern hotel such as this should know better than to charge for this service. Visitors, whether in London for business or pleasure, use the internet constantly. It is no less important to many guests than having heat and hot water. The management should reconsider charging for this essential service.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>Bob1949
<Content>Small, Small, Small It isn't often that I'm disappointed after following the advice given on TripAdvisor but I suppose in some ways, reading between the lines, I was warned. The location of the hotel next to London Bridge Station is fine, it is in a great part of London, the stunning Borough Market is on the doorstep and transport links are good. We booked a standard room (mistake) and it cost considerably more than an Executive room at the Victoria Park Plaza that beats the LBH hands down. The entrance area of the hotel is fine, there is a small open plan bar/lobby and I came across one smiley and gushing trainee receptionist, as for the stunning staff highlighted in other reviews, they failed to materialise. Even though warned, I wasn't quite expecting the miniscule standard bedroom we were allocated. Its one saving grace was the comfortable king size bed. Other than that it was very, very compact with too much furniture and little room to move. The bathroom was more 3* than 4* but the shower was very powerful and the towels were large. The shampoo/conditioner wasn't renewed for the second night but in fairness, the room and bathroom were clean. I went to get the paper in the morning and thought I would read it in the lobby as the room was too small to be comfortable but that was shortlived as the cleaner put the hoover on next to me and started to clean around my feet.The quality of the breakfasts was good but the breakfast staff found it almost impossible to cope when it got busy. There were queues to get in for breakfast and large queues for the hot food. The restaurant is small and many tables are too crowded together, the extension dining area being more canteen than restaurant. I can forgive bacon, scrambled egg, tomatoes etc running out once but this was a regular occurence on both days and clearly this needs close attention - the staff were snappy when asked how long (often at least 10 minutes) replacements would be and this took the edge off what was otherwise quality food. The overall impression was small rooms, small breakfast room, small lobby/bar and generally a rather frustrating experience. If you book an Executive room it is probably fine but beware a superior room as the Receptionist told me it was the same size as ours but with a smaller bed!!The question is 'Would I stay at this hotel again or recommend it to others?' Sadly, the answer is no as there are much better hotels at much better prices. Why is this rated 6th out of more than 1000 hotels in London - am I missing something??  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>Dribbs
<Content>Disapointed Stayed here now lots of times this year and always loved the hotel and looked forward to staying in it. Sadly this time was a disapointment and although it's a good standard hotel it's no longer that great. Such a large range of hotels in Londn in this price band that you need that extra something to want to stay in them and this hotel has sadly now lost that.Now seems full of coch parties, meetings over breakfast tables and slightly cuttig corners. A real shame.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	1	3	-1	

<Author>Giggleswindon
<Content>Great Location, friendly staff First time stay at this part of London. Hotel in a good location, easy walking distance to virtually everything. Lovley walks along the river. Reception staff excellent, smiley and helpful.Immaculate bathroom and bedroom, with good facilities ie TV, Iron, hairdryer, robe, slippers!Thank you for a lovely stay.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>percySouthampton
<Content>Great service, good location and very clean hotel. I found this hotel to be very friendly from my first contact with the reception staff. The location was very good,as i find the Borough Market area of London very atmosperic. Pubs, restaurants, trains and buses are almost on your doorstep.The rooms were very clean and the english buffet breakfast was excellent. It was the first time i took my nine year old son to a hotel in London and he would'nt stop talking about how good it was.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Deliberator
<Content>Great Independent Hotel Stayed for 6 nights on business in November and very impressed with quality of hotel. Smiling receptionists, efficient breakfast restaurant staff and comfortable roomExtremely convenient for tube and trains. Especially surprised how quick it is to recah London Brodge from Gatwick - exactly the same time as Gatwick Express and about a third of the price.Overall great experience and I would return.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>golaramie
<Content>Loved this hotel My sister and I stayed 4 nights at this hotel. The room was very comfortable, clean and well serviced. By American standards the room was a bit small but this was not a problem for us, it had all the ammenities. We were greeted with warmth by the staff at check-in, plus we were allowed to check- in early. Our bags were stored for several hours the day we checked out. We really enjoyed the massive breakfast! The wait staff was most accomodating and the food ample and delicious. The dining room is attractive and comfortable. The London Bridge Hotel location was perfect for us. We were able to hop the tube or a bus or a train within 3-5 minutes of the hotel. I would stay again in a heart beat!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Trentham
<Content>A Real Treasure : ) Breakfast is a superb experience and cannot be faulted. The Londinium restaurant (breakfast) has exceptional staff who are all happy and friendly. Whoever is in charge of recruitment at this hotel has got it spot on. Yes, the breakfast tables are close to each other, but all guests say hello and enjoy your day, which makes the whole breakfast experience a joy. Dont be shy!!Nearby tourist events worth walking to: - London eye (upgrade your ticket to avoid huge queues)- Tate Modern- St Pauls CathederalEnjoy - We certainly did, and would definitely stay at the London Bridge Hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>HastingsBeardie
<Content>Very good London Hotel My wife and I stayed just 1 night in the london Bridge Hotel. The room (king size executive) was excellent, very clean, spacious and well appointed. Service was good.The only small criticism was that the breakfast room can be very crowded - tables are very close together. But overall, one of the best value hotels in London  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>JGS19
<Content>The best London hotel Although I spent only one night here I was most impressed with every aspect of the hotel from the friendly and knowledgeable check in staff to the excellent breakfast in the Londinium restaurant (with fascinating maps of London at various stages on its walls). The position of the hotel is excellent - the nearest underground station (London Bridge, Jubilee and Northern lines) is literally 2-3 minutes' walk away with direct links to Waterloo, Kings Cross and Euston stations and the new Eurostar terminal at K.ings Cross. The breakfast (which can also be taken in the room) was outstanding - a hot buffet and coffee (the best I have tasted in a hotel for a long time) and toast brought to the table. The numerous waitresses were highly efficient in clearing the tables and replenishing the various dishes.All in all an excellent experience and one I hope to repeat in the near future.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>samir_sheth
<Content>Good Good hotel. very good room service. centrally located and easy reach to the thames walk, london bridge station.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>southportgirl
<Content>great location and good value for money alright it wasn't a huge room but it was big enough for a mother and daughter to do a 4 day sight seeing trip. room was spotless, plasma screen tv, free bottled water and lovely modern decoration.staff were fantastic, breakfast was great.Couldn't really fault hotel in any way. it was right beside london bridge tube/bus station but I didn't notice any noise problems.Would use again and def recommend to family/friends.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WorcesterHarryPotter
<Content>FAB FAB FAB First time in London for years found Hotel on internet with fantastic reviews, so went for it. It was fantastic everything you needed to make a weekend great. Close to Tube Buses Restaurants and Bars. The Hotel was the best we have ever stopped in clean and luxurious. Bedrooms tided and clean towels every day. All staff very friendly and approachable. Plenty to eat at Breakfast with a fantastic hot and cold buffet, the sausages were to die for you definatley did not need any lunch. breakfast was served till 11.00 on the weekend so you did not have to get up at the crack of dawn,thats if we could have seen it as the curtains were that thick we thought it was still night. Bed was so comfy so you just didn't want to get out any way.Will recommend Hotel to anyone. FABULOUS  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>IrishDave2005
<Content>Very Good Hotel Just back in Ireland from a weekend break in London. After a lot of research on the net, i booked the London Bridge based on current and past reviews. The Pros are :Excellent location for sightseeing,Open top bus stops across the roadTube staton is 20 second walk.Breakfast is excellent.Staff are lovely and friendly.Rooms are very modern and beds are soooooo comfortable.Gym attached with plenty of machines. Very very clean.Concierge very helpful.The Cons :The standard room was a little too small, too much furniture in itSome of the tables are too close together at breakfast.Gym was closed at 5 on saturday and doesnt open on Sunday.Overall, this Hotel deserves its praise.One tip is to search the net for better pricing, i got the room at 鈧?68.00 sterling for 2 nights BB on hotelsclick.com, where as every other site was at least double.I would definitely stay at this Hotel again.D.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>anotherheaven2007
<Content>Very convenient hotel We booked two rooms for a couple and teenage daughters. Were upgraded to two bedroom apartment which was huge and very well appointed, so we were very happy. It was all very good vaue for money. Very close to London Bridge Station and also to Borough Markets. Buffet breakfast included which was very good. Could not fault anything.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nearly_40essex
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We booked a weekend at the hotel in order to take our 11 year old son sightseeing in London. We booked the hotel online after reading reviews on tripadvisor. We got a autumn weekender rate which was excellent value for money for the three of us. We were not disappointed. We were greeted by friendly staff who could not have been more helpful and polite throughout our stay, excellent service at all times. Our delux room with a sofa bed for our son was lovely - modern,clean, well decorated, beautifully furnished with lots of little touches that just added to the pleasure of our stay. Breakfast was great, a good selection and staff were very attentive.Will definitely revisit - please keep doing what you are doing London Bridge Hotel!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SweetNornIron
<Content>Wonderful Stay We stayed 2 nights over a weekend and our experience from check in early on the Friday until Sunday when we left was first class. The staff are extremely friendly and pleasant. Location wise this hotel is fantastic... Borough Market, Globe Theatre and London Bridge all but a stroll away!The room and facilities were extremely tasteful and well presented. Not a huge room, but enough space for 2 of us and spotlessly clean and everything you would need.The breakfast was particularly good for quality and choice and the supervisor Stephen and his attentive staff were excellent with their attention to detail and willingness to accommodate guests' special culinary requests.I would have no hesitation in staying here the next time I am in London.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>robtk
<Content>Great location, nice hotel Stayed here 3 nights at the end of october.The hotel is great! Very nice rooms, friendly staff and a great location. The (superior) room was very nicely decorated and had enough space (given the fact that all rooms in London are really small). The rooms was clean an comfortable.We only had one problem: the bed. We had a double bed that was a) way too small and b) way too soft. We hardly slept the 3 nights we stayed there. That is very unfortunate, becasue the rest of the hotel is perfect.We had a room on the top floor, which helps if you want a quiet room. There is a pub next door, so the lower floor rooms may suffer from some noise.And the best thing is the location: next to the London Bridge underground station, which takes you everywhere in London within minutes!We didn't have dinner in the hotel, so I can't comment on that. The breakfast was simple, but ok.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Vikki_Vixen
<Content>Loved it!! Every October we travel from Birmingham to London to celebrate both of our birthdays and whilst looking for hotels that 'ticked' all the boxes (safe in room, close to tourist sites  party we were attending) we came across the LBH. Our only concern was parking as we always drive down but we found an NCP just 5mins walk away. From the outside it looks quite plain but once inside we were greeted by extremely helpful concierge  reception staff and very tasteful decor. We had our room upgraded and stayed on the 1st floor overlooking the front of the hotel (no noise from traffic etc). The room was spacious and very comfortable everything worked! The large flat screen tv in front of the lovely queen size bed was great. The large desk was great for 'putting my face on' and the slippers and dressing gown were very welcome and saved me taking my own! Breakfast is taken in a small but bright and beautifully arranged downstairs breakfast room. Their was a large choice of food (plenty for me being a veggie!) and drinks which were lovely and there were plenty of waiting staff to look after your every need. LB train  tube station are very close by and so are plenty of nice bars and restaurants. We ordered room service on our 2nd night and the omelette  chips were on time and Fantastic, especially after a hard days sight seeing! I completed the hotel questionnaire upon returning home and received a personal reply just 2 wks later (postal strikes and all). We will definitely stay here again on our next visit to London - which will hopefully be before Oct 08!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>glesgagal69
<Content>10 out of 10 We booked this hotel after reading reviews and were not disappointed. Our first room was a bit claustrophobic but we managed to upgrade to a larger one which was fantastic with huge windows, bathrobes, slippers, white company toiletries, etc. The bed was the most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in (like a baby !!!) and it was enormous with lots of pillows - I didnt want to leave it ... the breakfast was superb and the supervisor was extremely attentive and there were lots of waiting staff each morning. it was a very well stocked breakfast and very tasty - much recommended as it set you up for a hard days sightseeing. All in all, we were extremely pleased with our stay, the hotel is beautiful in an understated way (ie quite minimalistic but very tastefully decorated) and the staff are all very good at what they do. The hotel is very conveniently located a couple of yards from london bridge tube station, however, there are a couple of exits from the station and one takes you to borough high street which is around the corner but not a great walk away.The borough market (on saturdays until about 4pm) is an absolute must - the atmosphere in there is brilliant and the food was delicious and quite exotic. Another tip for travellers is the london bus tour which costs about 拢20 for 2 days (you can hop on and off around london) and one of the stops is just near the hotel). It is an ideal way to get your bearings on london and plan where you would like to visit - we loved it and it proved invaluable for us (great for getting photos too). There were quite a lot of restaurants and bars near the hotel, one was a small italian which was located in a lane off borough high street which had live music (italian singer who went around the tables and dancing too) until 2am - although long wait for table on a friday night - food was good ... but would probably try the hotel's restaurant next time as we didnt have time on this visit.I hope everyone else enjoys their stay as much as we did and we will definitely be back again (planning to go back in a couple of months) ... its too much of a bargain here for the quality of service and accommodation that you get to miss !!!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>auzzi60
<Content>Great location, great location booked by my daughter who lives in London.Friendly,co-operative staff. Clean comfortable room. Easy walk to a lot of attractions. Tube service close by. Overall an enjoyable stay. Would recommend this hotel to my friends .  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>linahad
<Content>Good, but with one hiccup We had booked a non-smoking room at this hotel 3 weeks in advance of our stay. We arrived there and were told that there were no non-smoking rooms available. The girl at the desk was very apologetic and said they would try to clean one of the smoking rooms as well as possible and take us to see if we liked it. So we did, and even without entering the room we could smell the smoke, so we rejected it. The girl was very understanding and said they would get us a non-smoking room ready as soon as possible. We gave them an hour whilst we went and had some tea and came back to a perfectly fine room. She said it was a superior room. I'm not sure whether this was the case, but the room was lovely anyhow. I would stay at this hotel again, but this issue needs to be raised with management.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pengowls1
<Content>Enjoyable Stayed for two nights and were very impressed by the cheerful and very courteous welcome shown by the Receptionist. Our superior double room was not particularly large but very tastefully decorated and included bottled water, bathrobes, some fresh fruit etc. The bed was very comfortable and the room was well serviced. Although there was some sound from the nearby railway, this was barely noticeable when the windows were closed.Breakfast was excellent and there were a lot of staff on duty!Overall, then, a very positive experience although we did pay almost 拢400 in total for the two nights.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Brucaz
<Content>A very enjoyable weekend! We visited the London Bridge Hotel for weekend break with two friends. We visit London at least twice a year and this hotel is by far the best we have stayed at. The reception staff are very helpful and had us booked in very quickly and efficiently. Our rooms were beautifully decorated and very clean. There was a plasma tv and plenty of tea , coffee and milk for making drinks. The bathroom was sparkling and the towels were very large bathsheets which is not often the case in hotels! The shower tube was faulty and we reported it in the evening and it was replaced the next morning-very efficient! The breakfast was buffet style and a great choice of hot and cold with tea,coffee and toast being served at the table. Our favourite was the fruit salad - it was delicious! Everything was constantly being filled up and we didn't have to wait for anything even though it was very busy over the weekend. It is about 50yds to the tube and train station where you can also catch a bus or a taxi- very handy. We will definitely be back as this is one of the best hotels we have stayed in!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jhbboy
<Content>Much improved       inside room  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>SCS62
<Content>Great location  We stayed 4 nights at this hotel in late August 07. Its location is perfect for exploring London being an easy walk to many of the tourist sites, the hop on/off bus route and the rail network.We booked via Asia Rooms website and obtained a very reasonable rate.The room was quite large by European standards, well appointed and the King bed one of the most comfortable we've ever slept on.The reception staff were somewhat aloof although the conceirge was most helpful.A buffet breakfast was included in the room rate and was a great start to the day.One concern though was the cost of phone calls. We made 4 calls to an airline  on checking out were charged GBP10 for each call. Whilst we expected a hotel markup on our calls, as 2 were less than a minute each in duration we complained and were promptly credited 50% of the charges.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>beowulfborealis
<Content>Great place to stay in London. Great place. New, built in 1998, and great location. Right next to London Bridge subway and train station. Walk to the Tower of London and Clink, Britain at War, and Dungeon museums. Great breakfast bar, nice rooms. Everything you want, and really nice staff too. Good price.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Yahf
<Content>Good Room and Location - Lose the Attitude My partner and I came back from a European trip including 5 nights at the London Bridge Hotel. The location steps from the tube was terrific and we were close to all the attractions. The flat screen TV and other amenitie and features made it an enjoyable stay. The front desk staff was pleasant but we were rarely acknowledged by the concierge staff when we entered the hotel or were on our way out. We found this odd and while I don't believe it was homophobia, it was disappointing. I never think it's ideal when you are friendlier with the hotel staff than they are with you. Otherwise, I'd certainly recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Happytraveller70
<Content>Very satisfied with the London Bridge Hotel It was our first visit to London and the location was superb. Being so close to the underground enabled easy access to move about London. The room was tastefully decorated and very comfortable. Breakfast was fantastic and service even better. Would highly recommend this very quiet Hotel in a great location.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Vagabondjack
<Content>Great Hotel Location Stayed in the hotel in September. Location was perfect. Tube , bus and train a block away. Rooms were nicely decorated and superbly clean. The included breakfast was the best we had on our jouney. and we had some excellent ones.We used the Jubilee line a lot for our journeys around London.The walk along the Thames to cross over was never tiring and the scenery and sights were terrific. We recommend the Hotel highly.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Siobhain_7
<Content>Lovely Hotel in a great Location Have stayed in Hotels in London many times over the years including Marriot Hotels and have found the London Bridge to be the best all round hotel so far.So good we booked it a second time.Direct train from gatwick Airport to Londonbridge Station which is almost beside Hotel. The hotel itself apart from being so conveniently located near tube and main line rail station is totally soundproof, exceptionally comfortable, very clean and modern.The staff are also very friendly and helpful.We found their Georgetown restaurant to be very good and convenient.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bumpmegums
<Content>Great location, faultless service Brilliant location with many tourist attractions in walking distance and plenty of restaurants  bars in the area. London Bridge station and onward links just a stones throw.Rooms are small -as with most London hotels - but very tastefully decorated, great facilities and very clean.Bed was so comfortable, brilliant shower.We got a good deal by booking early (approx 拢100 p.n.), which made this hotel an absolute bargain, best hotel I've stopped in anywhere in the UK for that sort of money!, might have to return soon!.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Mark&NicUK
<Content>Excellent if you can get a good rate 拢90 for a Saturday night in London....It was the best I could get but well worth it.The London Bridge is an excellent hotel with good transport connections. The rooms are small but comfortable, although the beds might seem soft to some. The massive plasma telly did dwarf the room a bit.Breakfast was one of the best I have had in any hotel, great full English with all the trimmings. Especially good sausages and back bacon.The hotels location makes it well situated for the sights and is very close to Borough market, a must do on a Saturday morning.Didn't stay long enough to comment on the other facilities, but given the rasame rate, I would use it again.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>grcCamanoIsland
<Content>A great place to stay We stayed at the London Bridge Hotel from Sept 11-18, and on the 23rd. It was wonderful. We reserved an Executive King room and it exceeded our expectations. The room was large and well appointed. A full English breakfast was included and it was well worth it. The food was well prepared and there was never a shortage.The staff were expectional in all aspects. The concierge was extremely helpful. When we requested a cab at the last moment, an assistant took the initative and went to the train station to get one for us. The location could not be better. you are near the train station, the tube and within walking distance of the Thames.I have already recommended this to a friend planning a trip to the UK next year.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>patio53
<Content>Well.... This hotel has so many great things. The location is close to a major tube stop, making it easy to get everywhere. It's on a quiet street and very sound-proof. The staff are all very polite and they keep the guest rooms spotless. The breakfast is outstanding with lots of choices. My husband really enjoyed the TV screen.However, my husband is good-sized and our room was rather cramped. I know small rooms are standard in big cities, but sometimes its still worth mentioning. I think he could have been quite happy here, but the bed was too soft for him. He spent the last night sleeping on the floor. The good news that everything was so clean, he felt comfortable doing it.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>honey4d
<Content>Great choice Hello. We stayed at this hotel when visiting London for a concert at O2. Great rooms, great breakfast, very clean and great location. Would thoroughly recommend and will definitely stay again on next visit.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>yvery
<Content>Excellent well-run hotel The hotel is a four star but run better than most five star. The staff were extremely pleasant and helpful at all times, the decor was in very good order, room was very clean and well appointed, lacking none of the amenities one would hope for and the food was excellent. Concierge service was very attentive.We have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to friends and will certainly be staying there again when next in London.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lukewarmwater
<Content>Functional plus       big comfy bed  reading spot light  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>MABLENOTTS
<Content>Loved the quality and value for money My wife and I stayed at this hotel on a weekend visit to London on our way to a holiday via Eurostar to Bruges.It made an excellent start to the holiday.The room was very well appointed, with everything one might need.It was immaculate.Breakfast was excellent and efficiently served.The staff were all very helpful, pleasant and polite.Having stayed at many hotels in the city of varying quality and price, we could not fault the London Bridge in any way.We would have no hesitation in staying there again. It is so convenient being near the river, the station,the bus station and the tube.The proximity of the station also makes it so easy to get a taxi, which the concierge did instantly.Fantastic value for money.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mj_nj
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed there for 3 nights. Reception was very fast, friendly and very helpful at check in, to happy to help you. Breakfast was great; the staff were all very friendly and professional. Food was great. Room was clean had everything we needed. Very close to the train station, restaurants and bars. We will always stay there if ever we get the chance to travel to London again. It was a great way to start our honeymoon.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nixy
<Content>Nice Hotel Room very nice and well equiped. room size ok for London.We had Breakfast in Bed for an extra 拢3 (room service charge).Well worth it for a relaxing start to the day.O2 Clipper express stops at the London Bridge Pier all through the night which was really handy after seeing Prince there as we could hang about after the show for some more drinks and a bit of food and get dropped off by boat 2 mins from our Hotel.Will definatly return to this hotel (if the price is good) especially if we are going to the O2 arena again.Booked through Skoosh.com  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sufftraveller
<Content>Excellent Hotel We stayed for 2 nights from the 31st August and nothing but praise for this hotel.The booking-in was dealt with quickly. The room we were allocated was very clean and comfortable with an attractive modern interior. Everyone at the concierge desk was very helpful with directions of how to get to attractions etc. and the staff in the breakfast room were efficient without being intrusive. We were also impressed with the standard of breakfast, a great start to the day.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Carl10022
<Content>For London, excellent A good modern hotel with a reasonably convenient location, 100m from the London Bridge station. Small rooms - but that's London - room furnishings were new, bathroom had new fixtures. No creaky floorboards, hurrah. Both south of the hotel as well as across the river are reasonably lively at night.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>starfish_uk
<Content>Very Impressive Hotel I stayed at the London Bridge Hotel for one night on 7th September and was delighted with the service. I had booked a weekend deluxe package after reading the reviews on this website and can verify the positive comments made by other reviewers. Our room was beautiful, extremely clean and very quiet. We heard no outside noise and very little from the corridor. The extra touches of chocolates, wine, water and a fruit platter in the room were lovely.As part of our package we had a meal at the Londinium Restaurant, our food was delicious and the service was extremely good. We found the staff at the restaurant and at check-in very pleasant and helpful - our DVD player wouldn't work and once this had been reported to reception it was replaced almost immediately.I would strongly recommend this hotel to any of my friends, we had a really lovely stay.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Suzzy7
<Content>1st class service - highly recommended The hotel was easy to find from London Bridge Station - only one minute walk. It is situated in a quiet street - so very little noise at night - a big bonus for London. This hotel was excellent in every way. The staff were extremely helpful and courteous. Our room was tastefully decorated and furnished, very clean and well equiped. The breakfast set us up for the day. Whether eating continental or full English there was everything you could wish for and excellent quality. Staff in the restaurant were very friendly and helpful.On the day of departure we were able to leave our luggage safely until the evening, giving us a worry free last day.Staying at such a good hotel made our holiday in London even more enjoyable.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Oliver79
<Content>Excellent London Hotel This is an excellent London Hotel with a good position near London Bridge underground station. The hotel is very clean and the staff are extremely efficient and friendly. The standard of service is well above average.Would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>millpage17
<Content>An excellent Hotel My wife and i have just returned from an overnight stay. Overall an excellent hotel, this is seen as soon as you enter the quiet relaxed reception area from the busy london bridge area.The room was spacious by London standards and very clean, comfortable and contemporary. The bed was huge and very comfortable, once inside the room all but any outside noise was gone.We had dinner elsewhere however breakfast was once again very good.Overall for the cost worth booking, we are going back.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fiorucci
<Content>Everything you want After our stay at the independent London Bridge Hotel, we may never stay in a chain again! We would not be able to fault the LBH. It really made our London trip thoroughly enjoyable.We booked via a website and paid only 88 pounds per night, inc. breakfast. We weren't expecting much for what we were paying, but the LBH was such value for money, it blew us away!!Coming from another part of the UK, we arrived at Kings Cross station and took the Underground directly to London Bridge and the hotel is almost next door (very convenient).We were remarkably impressed with the hotel interiors for its understated elegance (gorgeous surroundings). The room we got was very spacious (quite unlike London hotels!) and was thoughtfully presented with many unique touches such as fresh apples, great magazines and an Pod dock/alarm clock and speakers (great stuff if you don't have a laptop to charge your iPod!).The buffet breakfast each morning was also a wonderful. The restaurant was cosy, the food was fabulous and plentiful (hardly a need for lunch!), and the staff were so efficient with getting hot tea, coffee and toast.The location of LBH is also great (definitely not boring!) as it is close to the Borough Markets, great eating places and Bankside/Southbank, where one can walk along the Thames for plenty to do eg. restaurants, pubs, shops, museums like Tate Modern and attractions such as the London Eye.We left the usual feedback form at the front desk and yesterday I received a letter from the hotel, personally signed, to thank me for the great feedback (so people actually read those forms!).Anyway, we had a great time at the LBH last week. If you can get a good deal on the web, it's also great value for money. Enjoy!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TWNTI1
<Content>Loved The Hotel booked this hotel after reading the reviews, and i must say fantastic hotel and had a fantastic time in london, just come back and could nt fault the hotel, the staff where friendly and have no complaints whatsover, will definate go back to stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GAP15
<Content>Good Hotel - But watch out for currency conversion rip-off! The London Bridge Hotel would have qualified for an excellent rating given its price, quality and location. However, international guests do need to watch out for the currency conversion rip-off if you pay with a credit card. If you are from Euro-Land, the reception clerk prints the credit card receipt in 鈧?(same is probably true for USD) without asking (in my case). Now what that means is that the transaction will be done for your convenience in 鈧?instead of GBP based on the exchange rate of the solution provider of the Hotel. You end up paying at least 3% more than the normal conversion rate of your credit card company (in my case 5% more == ~10 Pounds more). A lot of tourist places try these kind of things but they at least ask the guest if he wants to pay in his own currency. In the case of the London Bridge Hotel, they would just give me the receipt to sign. This is really something to watch out for.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	1	4	4	

<Author>Jeffry1230
<Content>London Bridge Hotel-Nice Surprise Stayed at the London Bridge Hotel from 7/14-7/17. Booked online through Hotels.com. Received gratis room upgrade. The upgraded room was larger that most European rooms of similar class. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom clean and in good working order. Breakfast at the Hotel was very expensive. Go to the Starbucks around the corner. Overall, nice clean hotel located in the Financial district in central London. Very close to London Bridge, Tower Bridge, Tower of London, Great Fire Monument, HMS Belfast, etc. Easy Tube or bus ride to the rest of London. If your flying out of Gatwick, you can walk to the train station within 8 minutes (with rolling luggage) as we did. Very convenient. The price for central London accomodations of this quality during the summer high season was the best feature. I can see why this Hotel is so popular.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sdrawkcabekiM
<Content>Ok, but not great. We stayed here for a weekend at the beginning of September.Check-in was fine, nice friendly receptionist and she promised us that we had a great room and it was nice enough - good size, nicely decorated and a good bathroom.It was late and we were hungry so we tried the Georgetown restaurant which was, to be honest, pretty poor. Very, very ordinary food (i.e. I could have made better myself and I'm no chef by any means) at not-so-cheap prices. Definitely, do _not_ eat here.Next morning, we had breakfast downstairs in the 2nd restaurant which was ok. The restaurant is kind of cramped and the cooked food is buffet style but it was alright. Apart from one chap who appeared to be running the place, the rest of the staff were a little like Zombies in that they neither asked nor seemed to care whether you were enjoying your food or not. In fact, they didn't seem to speak to the guests.That night, we got back to find that in the bar below (Borough?) there was a disco that went on until around 1am or so. This turned out to be right under our room so it wasn't so easy to sleep until around 1.30 or so as all your disco favourites from Grease, Abba and so on were very loud in our room. We also noticed that corridor noise from upstairs was pretty loud too. At some point in the night the bar also seemed to drop its empty bottles onto the street making a bit more noise.Everything else was fine. The location's good if you want to be South of the river (which we did) and it's very accessible as it's right near the tube.Checkout was a bit weird - different receptionist who didn't even offer to print a bill and show it to me before charging my card. So...all in all. Nice room, good location, not too bad a rate for London. On the downside - indifferent staff, pretty noisy and not very good food.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	2	3	

<Author>BB73
<Content>would stay again 2 minutes walk from london bridge and tube station. Rooms very comfortable and clean. Good breakfast served. A lot of web sites were priced around the same as the hotels site - above what i considered an acceptable budget for a one night stay - got the room at 1/2 price practically from roomsnet.com  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>claire_coops
<Content>Couldn't ask for more I booked this through one of the discount hotel website and got a great rate. I was a bit dubious as it's so close to London Bridge station and thought it might be noisy but thankfully that's not the case. Okay, so the room wasn't huge but it was really comfortable and clean, a definite bargain. The staff were great and always very helpful. It's only just round the corner from Borough Market, so if you don't mange to fill up on the buffet breakfast there's lots of tempting goodies to be had.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	3	5	4	4	

<Author>PRodgersRN
<Content>Friendly Staff!! Just got back today from a 3 night stay at the hotel. Check in and check out were swift with no problems. I booked online at otel.com and got a really good rate. The room was very clean. I was expecting small from the reviews here. I was in a standard room, and while it certainly wasn't big, it was very adequately sized and I had no trouble navigating with my bags. The room was at the front of the hotel, and I was never awoken by noise. The only quirk with the room was getting the toilet to flush the first time. I ran into this with other toilets in London though.Breakfast was great! Edward was fabulous. Very funny, polite, and accomidating. I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>w-basia
<Content>Best hotel in London SE London Bridge Hotel is the best place for every one. I had a great time during my visit in London between 9th Aug.-12th Aug. The professional staff, everything was perfect. Hope to come back and stay in the same hotel.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Vestergaard
<Content>A super sommer holiday. It was the third year in a row we spent our holiday in London at this hotel. It麓s a super hotel. And we will most likely stay there again next year. The rooms are good. The staff are polite and helpfull. The breakfast are super. The cleanness of the rooms and the rest of the hotel are good. We have never stayed at a better hotel in London. Surely recommendable.We hope the hotel keep up and will remain to be a super hotel. Because we love to stay in London. A perfect city for our holidays.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>amarshall1
<Content>Best Hotel I've ever stayed in! I booked a standard double room, which was fantastic. The bed was extremely comfortable, and the furnishings and facilities were really good. The huge flat screen television is impressive, first time I've ever seen one in a hotel room! My girlfriend was very impressed :)The breakfast in the morning was most pleasant, and had a good variety and quality of food.I will definitely stay here again the next time I visit London, and would recommend the hotel to anybody without a doubt.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>whoopding
<Content>quality decided to take my 10 year old lass to london and booked 2 night s at london bridge hotel. the staff were very friendly on arrival, and the room was excellent albeit a little small. it was ideally placed too for the underground,the breakfast was very good with a wide selectionexcellent value. me and me daughter 拢150 ON SUPERBREAKS  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Peterd1974
<Content>Great hotel with one niggle Stayed at this hotel whilst visiting London for a Prince concert at the O2. Arrived early, not a problem with the staff. They had us checked in within 3 mins. The first and only dissapointing experience of the stay was was what greeted us when we opened the room door - Good job I didn't want to swing any cats!!The room was tiny and I spent the weekend walking in to things. Aside from this, the room rate was good (Booked through laterooms.com) and the room was tastefully decorated. Good views from the road side of the hotel but this bought it's own problems - screeching brakes from the train station opposite. I have to say though, very happy with the hotel, Location is excellent, staff are friendly and the breakfast is awesome. If staying here, you must go to borough market across the road - best food market I have seen. If going to a concert at the O2, be sure to take the Thames Clipper. 拢8 return and it stops near the hotel. Prince was even better though!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>2CrazyCanucks
<Content>Excellent Find Stayed at the London Bridge Hotel for one night on August 5th after an over night flight from Canada. Front desk staff very professional, friendly and helpful. Accomodated our request for early check-in as soon as a double deluxe rm was avail. The room was comtemporay, spacious, and quietly elegant. The room was very quiet and there was no hallway or intrusive noise from outside traffic. Very nice extra touches, fresh fruit, bottle of wine, chocolates, bottled water, tea and coffee in the room, quality toilettries, bath robes and slippers. Housekeeping staff friendly, effecient and helpful. We had both dinner and breakfast at the Londoninium and found the meals to be of very good quality and the wait staff attentive, polite, and inobtrusive. All in all a perfect start to a wonderful vacation in England and Ireland. Would highly recommend this hotel for location, value, and quality of accomodations and service.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Coigach
<Content>Hidden Gem Stayed at the London Bridge Hotel for the first time and really enjoyed our stay. We originally booked a double room, but then had to change our booking due to the fact that we had to bring along our 8yo child.We phoned the hotel who put an extra bed in our room at no extra charge.The hotel check in was smooth and our room was very well appointed (plasma screen tv,minibar,safe,etc,etc).From our experience it is unusual to find a central London hotel that serves a full buffet breakfast (cereal/fruit/cooked breakfast/croissants etc) that is properly cooked!!!This together with the friendliness/helpfulness of ALL their staff made our stay complete.We will definitely be returning in the future but are loathe to tell too many people how good this hotel is has it may become difficult to secure a booking in the future!!!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ImpetuousOne
<Content>Loved the London Bridge Hotel! My family of four, brother's family of four and parents recently stayed at the London Bridge Hotel from August 4th- August 9th. I chose the hotel based on the good reviews I'd read on TripAdvisor after researching the many, many hotels in London. And we were not disappointed! The hotel was perfect for our needs. We loved the location - down the hill from the bus/tube station. All of London was very accessible since we were so close to the London Bridge Station. It was easy to get a cab at the station as well. Our room with the pull out sofa for the kids was just the right size. The size of the bathroom was great and I loved the big towels. I hate hotels that have those little itty bitty towels that wouldn't begin to fit around you let alone dry you off! The bed was huge and very comfortable. The room had all the modern conveniences e.g. hairdryer, iron, safe, tea/coffee making facilities, mini-bar, flat-screen tv, etc. The hotel overall was very clean. My kids loved the modern decor of the hotel. My brother's and parent's rooms were just as nice!The staff at the hotel was amazing. Starting with Louise Medland who booked our reservations and explained the rates, VAT, etc. Paul O'Pray, the concierge, did an outstanding job. My father has special needs and Paul did a great job making sure his needs were accomodated. We had breakfast in the hotel every morning with the exception of one. On this morning the staff packed us ten breakfasts to go for everyone consisting of croissants, juice, yogurt, etc. since we were doing an early morning tour. The breakfasts were very good. It had the typical Engish breakfast fare, plus continental breakfast selection, pastries, cereals etc. As with all the other staff, the restaurant staff were polite, friendly and very accomodating.Despite being so close to the London Bridge Station, I thought the hotel was amazingly quiet. I was never disturbed at night by the sounds of the buses or trains. We had a thoroughly enjoyable time in London and loved the hotel. I would recommend it highly to anyone. We would definitely stay at the London Bridge hotel again!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>philip77
<Content>Good quality Spent one night at the London Bridge for a gig at the O2. The hotel was well located for the Thames Clipper Service from London City Pier and exploring the South Bank and Borough Market. Very comfortable, clean and well appointed room at a reasonable price (booked via advertising-online.net)  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>claire1978
<Content>Amazing hotel We visited the hotel as we were going to see Prince at the O2 arena, just a quick trip on the Jubilee line away.We were upgraded (without asking) to a suite and the room was truly fantastic. Although it was right next to London Bridge station, there was no noise from outside.We ate in the restaurant (Londinium) as part of our package, and it was a fantastic meal, we were able to have a table at 5.30 before the concert. The food and service were truly outstanding.We were unfortunately disturbed twice in the morning by housekeeping, one of whom walked straight in without knocking, but the management apologised profusely for this, and we had an acceptable reduction in our bill because of this. We opted for breakfast via room service, which was delicious (although not quite as hot as we would have liked).Overall, an absolutely fantastic experience, would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>USExPatinUK
<Content>London Bridge Hotel-Great Weekend My husband and I stayed at the London Bridge Hotel on August 10-12, 2007. We booked their special Weekend Deluxe package--this included their Deluxe room, Full Buffet Breakfast, Dinner for two in Londinium Restaurant with Champagne, Wine/Fruit Plate/Box of Chocolates. This was the best package and the room was Great. King bed (oh so comfortable), walk in closet, sitting area with sofa  table, bathroom, wall mounted plasma TV. Staff was very accomodating and there is a small bar in the lobby that makes very nice drinks. Our dinner in the Londinium was very nice - service impeccable and food was very well prepared, presented and delicious. The breakfast buffet was very good with a nice variety of hot and cold items. Although the hotel is near London Bridge train station, we did not have any train noise in our room. This hotel is across the Thames from the Tower Bridge and London Tower; and a lovely walk along the Thames takes you to the London Eye in about 30 minutes. Great hotel and wonderful experience.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NorthWalesClayton
<Content>Fantastic service Fantastic service. Friendly staff. Clean room, decorated with taste. Excellent location.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rusty73
<Content>A fab hotel... I was really impressed with this hotel, which I booked through Hotelsclick.com (BTW, got a really great price from this site, much cheaper than anywhere else) only a week before my stay.The location was great for my sister and I as we were both arriving from separate airports into London Bridge station and the hotel is literally steps from this station. We arrived late but received prompt and friendly service from the check-in staff. The reception area is beautifully decorated, modern and fashionable. Our room was nicely fitted out, contemporary and simple. There was not much excess space in the room but we didn't need it anyway as there was a good sized wardrobe. We had a brand new plasma screen TV mounted on the wall, tea and coffee facilities, complimentary bottles of water, an ironing board, trouser press and a safe. Another lovely extra was White Company toiletries in the bathroom. Incidentally, the bathroom was lovely also, compact but with a good Grohe shower and nice white towels.There was absolutely no noise at all from the street in front of us or the train station. The room had old sash windows but a double glazed sliding window had been installed over this to totally block out the sound.We didn't have time for breakfast but left our bags with a really friendly concierge after a fast and friendly check-out. All in all a real gem for your next London visit and one that I will definitely be visiting again. I did read a comment before about the location being a little periphery but I don't agree as it is right beside the tube station and bus stops to take you anywhere in London within minutes and it is within walking distance of Tower Bridge, Tower of London, Borough Market, London Dungeon, Cutty Sark, HMS Belfast, Globe Theatre...etc. Hope your experience is as good as mine was!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>connied76
<Content>London Bridge- Just Okay. Have to say, I was less than thrilled with the London Bridge Hotel.As far as decor, it was nicely decorated in the lobby and public areas. The room was tasteful but EXTREMELY small even by Europe standards. There was a complete lack of drawer space (3 drawers- 1 filled with coffee/tea materials. The whole other side of the 'dresser was a mini-bar. Bathroom was teeney-tiny and not very well decorated- sort of old  drab. Toiletries were very poor quality. I found the staff to be hit or miss- some were polite and helpful, others a bit stand-offish. Many times, I tried to call the front desk and the phone was never picked up. One of 2 elevators were broken the whole 5 days of our stay. Breakfast was good. Overall, okay hotel but would look elsewhere for next trip. Nothing special for the high price.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ruianCheshire
<Content>good choice Stayed here for one night while visiting family. The room was small but clean and comfortable with a good range of toiletries etc. Prior to our stay we had made some requests and the hotel had fulfilled these and we found the staff were all very pleasant and helpful.The breakfast was also excellent, with plenty of choice and fresh foods used. I would certainly stay here again when next in London.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>eyelevel
<Content>What A Find I booked a stay at this hotel for my wife  l and relatives from Canada , it is always differcult to know if you have made the right decision or not well we certainly did the Hotel was in 1st class condition as it has recently had a major refit , the rooms we booked were standard and of very high quality all having plasma tv , and were spotless. The standard of staff training is very high all the staff we came into contact with couldn't have been nicer , our first morning at breakfast my cousins neices which come from the french area of Quebec were greated on leaving in there own language which was a lovely touch , the breakfast itself was 1st rate so much to choose from and fresh fruit used in the salad.We would reccomend anyone wishing for great service which is so lacking in most hotels in London is stay here you will not be disappointed , we will certainly be back. Well Done to Everyone at the London Bridge Hotel. Ps also very handy for the Globe Theatre.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MrsGNorthWales
<Content>wonderful weekend Thank you for a perfect weekend. The facilities in the room were first class and very clean. I was particularly impressed with the safe -easy to use and no charge - gave us a lot of security. The breakfast was excellent -very civilised - the staff were smart, efficient and constantly replenishing the buffet. The food tasted as if it had been prepared by someone who CARED! The mushrooms were perfectly seasoned, the scrambled egg was good, and I don't normally eat bland MR hotel sausages but these looked and tasted of real meat -very good. What a difference it makes to have such a first class base from which to tour. Thank you again.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MarthasHarbour
<Content>Lovely, well situated Hotel Stayed with my family over the last weekend. Lovely sized room for the four of us, us a great superking size bed and the two children sofa bed, all made up when we arrived. We arrived early and were able to check in straight away.Good location, near many sites, Tower Bridge, HMS Belfast, Golden Hind, The Globe, Tate Modern, London Eye. Lots of restaurants and bars along the South Bank.Had a great meal in the hotel restuarant on the Saturday night, steak was so tender.Breakfast was enjoyed by all of us, hot chocolate for the children.All in all would stay again.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>avbm
<Content>fair I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights. The location was handy for exploring Southbank and the Borough market was accross the street but otherwise I found it peripheral. I booked a superior double room which was a mistake and a rip off as it is more expensive than a double and the only difference is three artistically placed apples and some mineral water. The toileteries were absolutely cheap and awful. The room was quite small and the decor brown and boring - it was clean however. The staff were friendly and helpful and we were able to check in early. The buffet breakfast was delicious. If I were heading to London again on a weekend I would choose a more central hotel.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Breakforall
<Content>Everything we hoped for This hotel was everything previous reviewers have said on Trip Advisor. Both the bedroom  bathroom were spotless. The staff were very helpful  pleasant and the breakfast was plentiful. The location was perfect for our needs. A gig at the O2 meant that this hotel was an ideal location 5 mins walk from the Jubilee line and central to the river  Borough market for the next day's exploring. Would definately book this hotel again if I was staying in London.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bex_bissell
<Content>Top quality hotel My wife and I had an overnight stop to visit a London event. This hotel is absolutely first class in every respect. The staff were polite in the extreme. Nothing was ever too much trouble for them, from the management to the room staff. We booked bed and breakfast. The food was absolutely 'top drawer', as were the waiting staff. The location allows for a array of opportunity for eating out in the evening. The nearby Borough market has a massive choice for food for 'on the go'. Restaurants both of the hotel and also nearby are plenty. The hotel itself is 200 metres from London Bridge rail/underground so London is easily accessible where ever you need to get to.We cannot praise this hotel highly enough. The facilities and fittings are first class and the room we stayed in was the cleanest I have ever stayed in during the last twenty five years.Wherever we need to get to in London in the future, this is the hotel we shall be staying at.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rubyNearLondon
<Content>fabulous  i had booked a room a the london bridge for my husband's birthday. when i looked on the website, they had a special offer on so i took that. the hotel is within close proximity to all good transport links which was great. you are also a hop, skip and a jump from a fabulous view of tower bridge.our hotel room was bright, clean spacious and modern. we had a lovely flat screen tv with dvd player, plus a walk-in wardrobe. we also had a seating area, and, in the bathroom, they supplied us with 'white company' products and also gave us extra supplies when we asked.i had booked a table at 'the londinium' restaurant. our food was wonderful and the atmosphere was warm and the service very friendly.we had a great time in london, and that was made even better by the staff at the london bridge hotel, who were very attentive friendly and professional at all times. highyl recommended.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MMBrighton
<Content>Fantastic Quality, Fantastic Location My friend and I stayed in this hotel on a busy Friday night at the end of July.The hotel was picked for it's excellent location near London Bridge Station, but I was a little concerned that it may be noisy. Not to be - we did not hear a peep from the road (and railway) outside or any of the other guests in the hotel.The decor of the hotel was a lovely cross between contemporary (suede, cord, browns and beige) and traditional (wood panel, chandeliers).The room was very well furnished with a huge flatscreen tv on the wall.We ordered room service and were absolutely thrilled by the meal we got. The soup was the best we had ever tasted and both the pasta and omelette were cooked to perfection. We had the cheeseboard to finish and were pleasantly surprised when the bill was only just over 拢40.Breakfast is served downstairs (continental plus hot english breakfast items) at weekends until 11am so if you want a good night out in London, you don't need to be up really early to have breakfast.All in all, I was totally happy with the standard of both the hotel and the staff. and will definitely stay there if I need to stay overnight in London again.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Longarm76
<Content>Faultless Booked a 1 night stay for 4 people. We were travelling to see a gig in London and saw the reviews on this site.I can say everything people have said is true and this has to be one of the best hotels in London of any class.I work in Travel and have stayed at many of the well known 5 star hotels and can say that the London Bridge matches anything I have experienced before. The serviced was first class, room small but you expect that in any city. Beds lovely and soft.We had checked in dropped off the bags and then visited all the bars nearby. Popped back to get changed then out again, Tube is just around the corner and so is Borough Market.Breakfast in the morning is Buffet and just what the doctor ordered.Would def stay again  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MississippiQueenB
<Content>Excellent choice We stayed here for 5 nights and were very pleased with the London Bridge Hotel. I highly recommend this hotel for traveling families. I found it VERY difficult to find a 3-Star+ hotel in London that would accomodate us together as a family ( 2 adults, 2 teenage sons) at a price that was reasonable (under $300 per night). London is extremely expensive for the American pocket book these days and we felt very fortunate to have found the London Bridge hotel through TripAdvisor!We were offered several options but selected the least expensive (who goes to London to stay in the room?) which was a Deluxe Double. It provided us with a King Size bed and a sofa bed for our sons. Typical for a sofa bed - not that comfortable but teenagers don't seem to care. The room was large enough for all four of us to be comfortable. Addtionally, the soundproofing adequately handled any noise from the train station across the road (we were a bit concerned beforehand but it was not a problem at all).The breakfast was wonderful and as others have commented, the entire buffet was offered rather than only the Continental Breakfast that was included with the room. The buffet included eggs, scrambled or fried, sausage, ham, hash browns, baked beans (?), several fruits, yogurts, cereals, several juices, a vast array of breads and pastries, coffee and of course, tea. It was all quite delicious and a great way to start the day. For the four of us to have eaten at a breakfast buffet comparable to that in a restaurant in London, we would easily have spent over $120. Needless to say, when you factor that into the price of the room, it really makes a huge the London Bridge affordable.The staff was very friendly and accomodating. We called late one evening for an extra towel and within 15 minutes, three towels were delivered to our door. They were very accomodating and our room was always spotlessly clean when we returned at the end of the day. The area is rather ordinary. It is very centrally located so your best bet for evening dining is in other parts of the city. Not a lot of restaurants to recommend clloseby - the surroundings are pretty average- many bars but not many restaurants. It is quite safe, though, and the half-block walk to the Tube or Rail makes it wonderful for hopping around London. All in all, you cannot go wrong at the London Bridge Hotel! We would definately stay here again!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kendal6mintcake
<Content>Fantastic decor A very shiny hotel with pleasant helpful staff who went out of their way to help.My 10 year old son and eldely parents were with me and they were charming to them all !Excellent breakfast.Only downfall was that there were no direct views of the river Thames, but it is a 3 minute walk to the river bank and close to the London Bridge and South Bank.Good central location and nice clean rooms. My son liked the flat screen TV.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>dc_irl
<Content>Very convenient Hotel This hotel is very conveniently located very close to London Bridge Station. The hotel itself is decorated to a very high standard - with plasma TV etc. Although the room are quite small they are very well decorated and the bathroom has a decent shower. The breakfast were also very good - my only negative is that I requested a jug of water one of the nights and was told to use the water from the bathroom which I thought was inappropriate and untrue. However, above all would defo stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Squashedfraggle
<Content>Good Value and Very Clean This hotel is smart and clean. The location for getting around central London is superb. The hotel is at the back of London Bridge Station, but not so close that you are going to get any noise from the Station.Breakfast is very good and the hotel is extremely good value for money.The only minor downsides we found was that our bed was not as comfortable as it could have been, certainly felt the springs in the bed, but maybe we were just unfortunate. Also the bar attached to the hotel closes at 11pm so late night drinks when you return after a night out, however there are a few pubs close by, but these all seem to close around the same time.Do not rely on the Concierges to tell you inside information, although they were helpful they tap everything into the internet and we were told on the Sunday night to go and eat at the Anchor pub close by - the Anchor is right by the river and in a reasonably nice location, but do not eat there, the cavery was the worst we had eaten in years.The price of this hotel on the weekend is comparative to that of the Novetels, but it feels like you are staying somewhere classier. In addition, the soundproofing is something they have got right at this hotel we couldn't really here anything going on in the corridor or in the next room.Overall I would definitely chose to stay here again, but if you want to eat out, hop on the tube to central london there is nowhere close by to eat particularly.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>xtnjohnson
<Content>London Bridge Luxe This hotel was a very pleasant surprise - a dollop of luxury in an otherwise unpreposessing location. Given the prices of London accommodations - the dollar dropped to a 26-year low against the pound the day before we arrived - we were pretty pleased.Important caveat, however: we received a free upgrade to a club room. That made it a pretty sweet treat. Also, we booked well in advance and stayed over a weekend at a property that's more geared to business customers. I suspect that means we paid a lower price than others would for the same experience.The room was huge, extremely quiet - double-hung windows very effectively sealed off train noise from adjoining London Bridge Station - and offered small luxuries such as waffle-cloth bathrobes and a heated mirror in the bathroom. The immediate blocks surrounding the hotel are a bit on the ordinary side, but it's also extremely convenient to Southwark attractions, such as the National Theatre and (critical for us) the Tate Modern. London's top farmer's market is also virtually across the street. The included breakfast, served in the basement dining room, was quite good and the staff were mostly terrific. (The one exception was the not-terribly-helpful concierge; when asked about late dining, he seemed to assume we weren't willing to walk to the restaurants on the south bank - which we later learned all stay open late - and instead directed us to a rather dreary pub.)All in all, a great experience for a weekend trip.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>pbh73
<Content>Nice place in a convienient location Completed a 2 night business stay recently. Previous Trip advisor reviewers have this place summed up, so I'll be brief.Room was modern with flat screen TV. Very clean. Bathroom was fine, but given the price of the room, I'd suggest including some premium toiletries. My room on the 5th floor, facing London Bridge itself suffered from railway noise which was more noticeable at night. No big deal really.Hotel's restaurant was good for both breakfast and an evening meal.This place is now on my list of approved London properties, that I use to recommend to friends and colleagues. In a city that has so many poor establishment, it's hats off to the London Bridge Hotel.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>BoyceyBedfordshire
<Content>Excellent quality for the price We stayed here for one night Saturday 1 July and were impressed as soon as we walked in. Friendly efficient service from concierge directing us to nearest car park, providing a map showing short cut back to hotel on foot, taking care of our bags and politely declining a tip.Good quality modern furnishings and decor in well-equipped smallish room. Comfy big bed. Breakfast better than expected - good range of different hot and cold food to cater for all tastes. Excellent quality and quantity with efficient service and pleasant surroundings.Would happily stay again and recommend to others.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>the_masked_reviewer
<Content>Fantastic hotel well placed for South Bank We stayed here after having read the reviews on this site and we werenot disappointed. We stayed on a Sunday and Monday night in a standard room, which was beautifully decorated with plenty of space (for a London hotel) and air conditioning. The hotel has an in house resaurant which we didn't eat at as we had already made dinner plans,but the menu looked good and was excellent value for money. It also has a gym (Fitness First). Location is right next to London Bridge station but we had no trouble with train noise. There is a bar next to the restaurant, again we didn't have time to go in there, and a malaysian restaurant on the other side that looked nice and offered reasonably priced lunches.The breakfast buffet in the morning was extensive and although we only had continental breakfast included in our room rate we were offered the full choice of breakfast both days. The service at breakfast was attentive and friendly.I was delighted with this hotel which I think is a great find with an excellent location for the Tate, the city and walks along the Thames. I would recommend the hotel to my friends and we will definately go back there  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Anniemed
<Content>Wonderful hotel Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights, it was wonderful. The staff at the check in were very friendly and helpful, the room was spotless and even though we were on the station side it wasn't noisy. 2 minutes from the tube, 10 mins to the Modern Tate gallery. Although it was a short journey by tube to the city centre we would definitely stay there again. It was good value for money and the breakfast was delicious, we had so much we didn't eat again till dinner!!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tickie
<Content>Enjoyed our stay Stayed here for one night during 1st week of July. Hotel is conveniently located, practically next to London Bridge Station. Surprisingly little noise, and the beds etc were very comfortable. Requested a late check out (by 1 hr) the night before and was rejected but granted the 2nd time when we called during the morning. Doors locked during the night so have to buzz in, requested name and room number for security. (good idea) Loved the fact that it was so close to Borough Market (check out on friday and saturday lunch times) and easy acccess around London as on the Jubilee Line and northern Line.Would definitely recommend.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>dirtrider775
<Content>Great Location, Great Hotel Stay at the London Bridge Hotel for just two nights on a 12 day European Trip. The location was perfect, easy access to the London Bridge Station and many attractions within walking distance.Room was on the samll side but very well appointed. Very modern furnishing that includes a flat panel TV. Staff was friendly.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>TamLeamingtonSpa
<Content>Welcome oasis I booked this hotel months ago for our visit to watch the Tour de France in London, I couldn't have been happier with my choice. We arrived early in London and wanted to quickly get up to Hyde Park we thought we would see if the hotel would store our bags but they had a room ready and checked us in straight away.After a long day on our feet it was a relief that the hotel was so close to the tube station, the beds were so comfortable and although our room faced the station it was very quiet. Amazingly the weather was great so we were very hot but the air con quickly sorted us out. The room was small but attention to detail was great, lots of nice touches throughout the hotel. Staff were friendly and efficient, I couldn't fault this hotel and would definitely stay at the London Bridge again.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lovsn
<Content>Excellent stay I stayed in the London Bridge Hotel for just one night but found it to be friendly, modern, comfortable and extremely good value. The room was a good size and well equipped with a great flat screen tv and fantastic bed. It had everything I did need and very few things I didn't which I think is the sign of a top hotel. I ate in the restaurant in the evening, the food being simple and beautifully cooked, and had the continental breakfast the following morning which had a great selection on offer. The hotel was ideally located by London Bridge station (I came in on the Jubilee line) and was within walking distance of my evening destination on the north bank. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>MACNorwich_UK
<Content>An oasis in London       deluxe roome  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Happynoodleboy_uk
<Content>A Great Find Booked directly with the hotel on it's website. The hotel is conveniently located in Southwark, about 50 metres from London Bridge Rail station, leave the station main concourse and you'll find a small bus station, bear left and the hotel is just down the street on the left hand side. Checked in without any problems, reception staff were very friendly. Was given a standard room on the 5th Floor. The room was compact, but no smaller than other London hotels (larger than Jurys). It was spotlessly clean, with a large double bed, large TFT TV, safe, hairdryer, iron and ironing board, bathrobes, complimentary toiletries, complimentary still and sparkling water, and 3 apples! The room and it's bathroom were both modern and finished to a high standard. The view out of the window wasn't anything to write home about, but I didn't come to London to stare out of the window. Was worried about the potential noise from the buses and trains nearby, but heard absolutely nothing, and I'm a light sleeper.Breakfast was buffet style in the restaurant in the basement, with a nice selection of pastries, cooked meats and cheeses, bread, and full English breakfast foods, all good quality.Around the hotel are a few nice local pubs, although the All Bar One bar closes at 11pm and doesn't open on a Sunday, both of which are unusual for the capital. There's a couple of 24 hour newsagents nearby as well as a kebab/fish and chip shop, and ATMs.It has good transport links via London Bridge station to both the Northern and Jubilee underground lines.Haven't got a bad word to say about this hotel, and when returning to London will happily stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>snowprincejuneau
<Content>One Fantastic Hotel Coming from the US we knew the pound was very strong compared to our dollar. This hotel was a gem and a great find. The room was artsy and modern, and the staff, especially the concierges, could not have been more helpful. The breakfast was delicious and quite extensive, with tablecloths and silver. The hotel is walking distance to the train station, underground, and bus stop. There are places to see close by like the famous Borough Food Market which shouldn't be missed, the Tower of London, and the Thames Walk. We would definintely stay here again on our next trip back.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>poedel
<Content>The best hotel in town ! It is simply the BEST hotel in London !!!! Excellent ! The location is perfect.Everyone is friendly, the breakfast buffet is great and tasteful, super !!!I am going to London on a frequent base while my daughter is living there.I never hesitate to book my favorite hotel : LONDON BRIDGE HOTEL.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TNTGL
<Content>Great location With the unfavorable exchange rate and London's reputation as an expensive city, we were looking for a reasonably priced hotel that also had comfortable accomodations in a good location. The LB hotel has a great location, situated south of the Thames in the bustling Southwark neighborhood of London. Both the tube and railroad are just minutes away; you can easily walk to The Borough Market (boroughmarket.org.uk/) which is a great place to pick up a wonderful breakfast on a Saturday morning, Thames walks, and much more. The rooms are modern, but VERY small - what you'd expect given the prices and the city. Room 119, a twin bedded room, measured 17.5 ft by about 11 ft (too cramped to pace off the width). If you're not in bed, there's really no place to BE in the room ... a single chair is available in front of the TV, and that's it. The TV is wall mounted above the desk to save space, so again one person couldn't work at the desk while the other watches TV. The room looks modern ... a color scheme of camel, creams, and blacks prevails. The desk lamp is a Tolomeo, a chic Italian design. Flat screen TV by Phillips on the wall - though the reception isn't great so you don't get any HD benefit. Tiny bathroom conserves on space by using a combo shower/tub that has a half-door enclosure. A nice feature in the twin bed rooms are the halogen snake lamps on each bed's headboard (in addition to the regular reading lamp) that allows one person to read while the other sleeps.The amenities in the room are fine ... a few bottles of water are available each day (no apples in the room for us!), and there are a few soaps and a shampoo. It's not the luxe goodies package of more expensive hotels. But while some of the room features like the lamp and TV are very modern, the iron and hair dryer are archaic. The iron is attached permanently to the ironing board, presumably so some thieving guest won't try and take one. OK ... but believe me, it makes setting up to iron a shirt pretty tricky. The hair dryer requires that you continually press the ON button or it won't run. The room AC was not working well when we were there ... it functioned well throughout Friday and early Saturday, but by Saturday evening began to put out hot air. We turned it off, but rooms over the main street are too noisy for an open window so it's stuffy if the AC isn't working right.The concierge, Paul, was VERY helpful. We were able to print our boarding passes using his computer, and he was able to give helpful information about local restaurants and attractions.If you want a great location and plan to spend NO time in your room except for sleeping and changing, this is a wonderful place. If you like to use your room for longer stretches of reading, work, etc. and you're travelling with someone, you will feel the lack of space pretty strongly. I've enjoyed more the condos I've rented in London (more space), but this hotel for the price is better than any of my previous London hotels, and I would definitely return.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>13Blackwood
<Content>Contemporary Cool Was very impressed immediately with the London Bridge Hotel with it鈥檚 contemporary styling and efficient check-in process. I felt the Hotel鈥檚 main asset, however, was the proximity to an Underground Station, located conveniently around-the-corner! The rooms are fantastic, with extremely comfortable beds, cool lighting options, efficient air-con and a plasma TV boasting an extensive channel choice; the shower is powerful, there are ironing facilities and also a safe, what more do you need really?On the negatives, when the rooms were being cleaned, the rubbish seemed to collect in the corridor and remain there for a while, just looked very untidy - especially when a number of rooms were being cleaned at the same time.Also, be careful of the bar - ordered 4 drinks: 2 x vodka  lemonade, 1 x gin  tonic and 1 x brandy  coke and it came to the princely sum of 拢30.00, they may have been doubles but it still came as a shock.The gym is very high class, free to use for Hotel guests and has an excellent range of equipment.Pound-for-pound this Hotel is a really sound choice鈥?br/>  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>hate2fly
<Content>Not large but well polished My husband and I stayed at the hotel for two nights in early June.The room was small (by U.S. standards) but well appointed, modern and clean. Two closets almost provided enough room for our luggage (three medium-large suitcases and two backpacks) and were equipped with a trouser press and a safe. Controls for room lighting (halogen and LED) and thermostat are tied to a room key reader mounted on an interior wall near the door, possibly as an energy saving measure. Our room overlooked a side alley and the view wasn't spectacular but it wasn't awful either.  We were sightseeing in London before taking a cruise from Southampton. There are many memorable sights within walking distance of the hotel (London Bridge, Tower Bridge, the Clink, the Tate, Shakespeare's Globe and an unexpected gem--Southwark Cathedral's evensong service) so we didn't spend much time in the room. Probably a good thing since sitting space was scant. Only way to watch the flat screen television was from the bed. Bathroom was also relatively small and it was somewhat disconcerting to see that water from the shower head was only prevented from spraying out of the tub/shower combo by a half-tub-length door. But walls are tile covered and plumbing fixtures were up-to-date and in good condition. A continental breakfast was to have been part of the price paid. When we went down to the lower level breakfast area, we gave our room number to the hostess and assumed we would be told what was part of the continental breakfast and what was full English breakfast, but no such mention was made.There was a buffet line of both cold and hot breakfast dishes with toast and coffee or tea brought by wait staff. We helped ourselves both mornings. Wait staff was busy and didn't bring coffee as quickly as I'd have liked but will admit to being a morning caffeine junkie. Reception staff are friendly and strive to be helpful. I booked through Otel.com which had the best price quote. Had never used their services before but all went well--no problems with reservations which I doublechecked by contacting the hotel directly before leaving the States.  My thanks to Trip Advisor's reviewers for helping us avoid a less reputable hotel (booked by a travel agent) and providing a good word for the excellent London Bridge Hotel.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cruisegirlSydney
<Content>A Hidden Treasure With the help of Trip Advisor, we chose the London Bridge Hotel ahead of other recommendations from friends. The lobby area was instantly welcoming with comfortable lounges to sit and read, and a small bar. Staff efficient and friendly and our room, though not large was modern and nicely furnished with flat screen TV, and offering little extras such as fresh apples each day plus bottled water and up to date magazines. Likewise the bathroom. Compact but well designed, modern and clean. Our back room was extremely quiet, and best of all, the breakfasts were far and away the best we have ever had in a hotel, anywhere. Restaurants and gym attached to the hotel, Location was great, tube and trains 5 mins walk and the wonderful Borough Markets nearby. No complaints at all.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>sheppma
<Content>What a find!       View from our window  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>danvers13
<Content>FAB! what a gem! a mixture of classical and contemporary design. the single room was 'compact' yet very clean with great spec, including a plasma tv,adjustable air con, bottles of water each day, great selection of quality mags and electronic safe. the bathroom was very clean and high spec. a bath would have been good; the power shower was great though.the staff were another real plus of the hotel...extremely helpful, efficient ..and they smiled quite a lot! the standard of breakfast was excellent-fresh,abundant and thoughtfully displayed.it was set in a really great space with very chilled music! free broadsheets were a plus too.the hotel's location really opens up the south bank (minutes from the globe theatre) and the east end. getting taxis, buses and the tube from here was a doddle.i will be back!!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>caitlinLeeds
<Content>A sanctuary of calm and tranquility Once we realised that you have to actually drive into the bus station at London Bridge to get to the hotel we were met with an exceptionally friendly and helpful concierge which was just what we needed. The hotel is an oasis of calm and tranquility which is a lovely contrast to the hustle and bustle of the city. The decor and furniture etc were modern yet extremely comfortable and the service was impeccable. We only ate breakfast at the hotel (though the restaurant did look very inviting) but, again, it was to a high standard and excellent service. I would definately stay at the hotel again - superb value for money.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DizzyBlondeSydney
<Content>Comfortable and clean Good, clean and tastefully decorated hotel room. Not bad for 99 pounds considering it is central London. Staff were polite and efficient. Breakfast was buffet style, but a good choice available. Would recommend if wanting a good base to explore London. However, be prepared for above average noise from the railway, nearby bus station and also the street as this is a very busy area.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>WBird66
<Content>Very nice location Stayed here for 5 nights on business. Would even consider staying here on vacation - Southwark area is very cool, good restaurants and pubs and some good sights nearby (Tate Modern, Shakespeare's Globe Theatre, Design Museum, Tower of London,etc.) The hotel has small rooms, but very attractive furnishings and comfortable. Good breakfast included, and staff is quite helpful. Only 2 complaints:1) 10 pounds a day for Internet access is highway robbery (other hotels do this also, I've found, but I still get very annoyed by such high prices)2) The noise from the nearby train station is quite loud, even with the window closed and the A/C on, but I was able to sleep reasonably well anyway.I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	3	3	

<Author>MJSshark
<Content>Surpisingly Pleasant My company booked us at the London Bridge Hotel, as we had a conference at the Tate Modern near by. This hotel is located near tube and bus stations, so getting around town is easy peasy.I was impressed with the rooms: very clean, well appointed and modern. I loved it. My room had a flat panel plasma tv mounted on the wall: while the reception wasn't fantastic, the channel selection was great.As for the location: plenty of pubs and take out places nearby, pharmacy, shopping. Health club next-door and a decent english breakfast every morning.My expectations were low, and I was very impressed with this place.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>karate_boss
<Content>Good, clean and comfortable I was on business in London for two days and booked this hotel on the strength of TA . I was given an upgrade from a superior to an executive room. The bed was excellent, the bathroom basic, but clean. The shower was of the bath and shower curtain variety, which was a little disappointing. The air con was more than efficient. I had to turn it off to stop freezing. The room seemed quiet, although I'm not that sensitive to noise. The view was pretty boring, looking on to an office block and the station. The television was a new LCD with a good range of channels. I didn't try the restaurant and did not use the internet facilities so cannot comment on these. There isn't a bar, which is rather a shame. All in all, I would recommend the hotel based on its reasonable price and central location. It's probably better suited for touring rather than business though.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>ccarleen
<Content>Thoroughly enjoyed staying at the London Bridge Hotel Wonderfully helpful and friendly staff. Excellent cooked breakfast buffet in the Londinium room. Guest rooms are beautiful. Loved the location. Southwark has a lot of character and off-beat history. Convenience in accessing nearby tube and taxis is a big plus. Great pubs and food nearby. Already looking forward to staying here on our next visit. Curt Carleen and Cheryl Lilienthal, Saunderstown, Rhode Island, USA  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lilypilly
<Content>Modern Hotel We are a young couple who stayed in this hotel in January 2007. It was the nicest hotel we stayed in on a 7 week trip around Europe. It was really modern, comfortable and clean. The tube was only a 2 minute walk away. The staff were friendly  extremely helpful. The buffet breakfast was delicious . I would definitly stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LOLRhyl
<Content>Excellent Hotel Had a thoroughly enjoyable stay at the London Bridge Hotel. The room was clean and tidy, had satellite TV, kettle, hairdryer, safety deposit box, air con, ample wardrobe space, very comfortable bed.Breakfast was lovely, caters for all taste.Staff very friendly and helpful. 2 mins from LB underground, very convenient. Would definately stay there again, and will recommend to friends.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WendyNewHaven
<Content>You CAN hear trains from street side of hotel       Borough Market  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	2	-1	-1	

<Author>sscMichigan_Usa
<Content>Enjoyed my stay Very clean, comfortable and in a great location. There's quite a bit of nightlife and restaurants in the area. Easy walk to Tate Modern, St. Paul's etc. I'd for sure stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>ldrvwr
<Content>Hard to fault Just stayed one night, but very impressed. Checked us in early with an upgrade to executive room. Bedroom was clean, well appointed (huge bed), and very quiet (especially considering the hotel's proximity to London Bridge train station and the buses passing directly by). Tea making equipment, ironing board and bottled water supplied in room were nice touches. Staff were friendly and efficient, and buffet breakfast was nice (our room rate said continental breakfast included, but full English was on the buffet so that's what we had). A very comfortable stay, difficult to think of anything they didn't get just right.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Bemphy
<Content>Good Hotel - May 17-24 Booked the hotel based on strength of the TA site. Hotel is in an ideal location (although it may not seem like it). At least 5 pubs within walking distance, the underground close by (noise not an issue) Vinopolis and the Borough Market (which may be pushed out of the location). Post office and convenience stores close too.It is a bit pricey if you want the extra room, but the free bottled water and fruit is a nice touch. We also had breakfast included which was nice, but the fare does not change at all from day to day. Didn't really feel that I had much interaction with the staff. They really kept to themselves. They left room service in our room (champagne and etc.) on accident which we were good enough to tell them about which they came and collected for a different room, but not even a call to say thank you for catching their error and saving them.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>hansutro
<Content>Nice, simple, reasonably priced This was our second time in London and we decided to stay 10 days and really get to see as much without running around. The hotel was super easy to get to. We flew into Luton Airport, which is about 40 miles north of London and took the train into London. Our train station was a block away from the hotel, and a block away from the tube. The rooms although small were sufficient. Service was prompt and courteous. Amenities were a little sparse but it was nice having the ability to make tea or coffee in the rooms and purchasing some muffins etc for breakfasts. Their moderately priced restaurant was good, but got boring after the 3rd day of the same items on the buffet. All in all this was a great value, for clean modern rooms. The only negative I could see was that they charged about $15 USD, per day for Internet access. That was one way to get me not to worry about my emails for a week! I would return, so it was enjoyable.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>loobyloublue
<Content>Great weekend at the LBH We recently enjoyed a 'Delux Weekend Package' at the London Bridge Hotel directly due to the great reviews I had read on Trip Advisor. The staff couldn't have been more helpful and delt with any small problems we had immediatley. The Delux room was a reasonable size  very sylish. The beds were very comfortable (confirmed by the constant snoring of husband  daughter!)Part of the package was a three course dinner with champagne in the Londinium restaurant which was excellent although a bit lonely as we were the only ones there. Location was ideal for the Tower of London, Borough Market which was enjoyed by us all  the Tate Modern. We we definitley be back sooner rather than later.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Matilda7
<Content>All round fanatstic hotel I arrived at the hotel with my sister who was in a wheelchair and from the moment we arrived until the moment we left we were very well looked after in all areas.The hotel is 1 min walk from London Bridge station in a very convenient location. The room was beautifully presented with all the amenities and more required; the beds comfortable and the room in general very contemporary and stylish. The room was immaculately clean. Breakfast was of a high standard, buffet service but plenty to suit all tastes and the staff very polite and happy to oblige. The front desk staff were polite and efficient and the bar staff equally so. Service was first class in the bar. There is a noisier livelier bat which belongs to the hotel next door but we were happy in the lobby bar. The surrounding area is lively with bars and restaurants and shops.I would recommend this hotel to anyone and I am certain to return!  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>chilidowg
<Content>Loved the London Bridge Hotel Recently returned from 6 nights at the London Bridge Hotel. As others have mentioned the Hotel rooms are on the smallish side but this is London. The rooms were very clean and the service was first rate. The Hotel is located a stones throw from the tube which made travel a breeze. For the $$, I would happily recommend this to others. Thanks TAers.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gnome2Travel
<Content>Great Place to Stay My husband and I stayed here for 7 nights as part of a BA vacation package. We selected the hotel because of all the great reviews and asked BA to package for us. We used miles for one ticket and the BA vacation package for the other. This was our first time to the UK and we thoroughly enjoyed the trip. We used the underground, buses, and trains a lot, so the close proximity to all was a huge plus. Also, the convenient litle shops in the train station came in very handy. The English breakfast was huge by our standards and this kept us pretty full until afternoon tea. The concierge was most helpful, as we had MANY questions. We would like to come back as soon as possible and stay here again.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>cornishtim
<Content>Nice room and location, but no bar Got a good rate on the room through an internet site (拢80 for a double for 1 night from memory); however you get what you pay for in London in relation to size. Our room was very nice - decor, style, flat screen cable TV, etc - however it was fairly small. But then this is a London 3-star hotel (would be 4-star if it had a bar).All rooms have a mini-bar, although rather confusingly it had bottled beers but no bottle opener - reception did come and give us one very quickly though.Bar wise - there isn't one in the hotel - at least not that we could find. There is a bar next door (All Bar One) if you like that sort of thing, or your best off heading out somewhere close by (Butlers Wharf, Southbank, Borough High St) or further afield. Borough Market is about a 2 minute walk from the hotel and good for out-of-towners to go to and experience.Recommended for a good night in town at a very nice hotel that's not going to cost you over 拢100.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>higgins2008
<Content>excellent hotel, location ok Hotel was excellent, very close to tube/train station! We were upgraded to a superior room on arrival which was lovely! Room was extremely clean and staff were very friendly! Hotel isnt really close to any of the main attractions (shows, leicester square, london eye etc) however you can easily take the tube to any of these places. Would definately recommend this hotel, and will return next time I stay in london!  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>douliou
<Content>Stylish, modern and friendly hotel, convenient location - great value for money! We stayed at the London Bridge Hotel from 4th-7th May. We chose the hotel based on the good reviews we'd seen and the excellent value rates we mnaged to find on the internet (拢249 BB for 3 nights).The location is really excellent - directy opposite a train/underground station which meant the rest of London was very accessible. However, the local area is well worth a scout if you have time - there are some great pubs along the river plus an excellent Italian restaurant (Strada) which has gorgeous views of the river. Borough Market and Vinopolis (a sort of wine museum) are within walking distance, also worth a visit, not to mention the London Dungeon, the Globe and the Tate Modern.Our room was a bit on the small side but think it was because there was a lot of furniture crammed in - including a HUGE bed! The bed was also very comfortable. The bathroom was a reasonable size with The White Company toiletries, which were a nice touch. It had all the mod cons e.g. hairdryer, iron, safe, tea/coffee making facilities. The decor was very modern and stylish.The hotel overall was very clean throughout. Our room and bathroom was always spotless.The breakfast was fine - usual Engish breakfast fare, plus continental breakfast selection, pastries, cereals etc. The breakfast staff were polite and friendly.The room service was excellent - it arrived very quickly and it was delicious. It also wasn't outrageously expensive, which is often the case with room service.The only problem we encountered was the temperature of the room - the first night it was stifling. When we spoke to Reception about it, they sent a maintenance engineer who arrived in minutes. The engineer fixed it within 15 mins - the room temperature became bearable and finally, very comfortable.Overall, I believe this hotel is excellent - the staff are polite and friendly, the hotel itself is very stylish, clean and comfortable. It was fantastic value for money, it's in a very convenient location. We will definitely stay here again when we next go to London.  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ValandNeil
<Content>Relieved it was so nice and in a good London location We were not sure we had made the right decision about where to stay as London has such a choice and price varies not always with quality as you might expect. We were pleasantly surprised at this reasonably priced, conveniently located, clean, comfortable and efficient hotel.The food was as good as the excellent and helpful service.We had to call on maintenance staff as the safe battery had failed - he arrived within 5 minutes, immediately fixed the problem and had gone again after explaining that all was now OK. As we were waiting to go out to the theatre and wanted our valuables stowed away this was a great relief.We would recommend this Hotel and will most definitely return again ourselves as we really enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TeacherSam
<Content>Brilliant staff, gorgeous hotel!       Delicious cake and champagne  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>PaulCoKerry
<Content>Really like the London Bridge Hotel I recently stayed in the London Bridge Hotel and was very impressed with the overall standards for a London Hotel. The staff were very friendly and very accommodating. The hotel is very convenient to the Underground and to central London. The bedroom size was adequate and about the same size as most London Hotels, but the standards of the room were certainly above the norm. I would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay in a conveneient location in London.P.G.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Trace68
<Content>Great Hotel My boyfriend and I stayed here in April for one night prior to him running in the London Marathon. We were lucky enough to be upgraded to an executive king size room and it was wonderful. The bed was the most comfortable I have ever slept in and this was particularly important as my boyfrient rested there on the Saturday afternoon whilst I shopped and then we had a good nights sleep before the marathon the next day. All the staff we encountered were helpful and friendly. Nice touches in the room like toiletries in the bathroom and water and fruit. Breakfast was very good with a good selection and the restaurant was not too busy like some hotel restaurants where a buffet breakfast is served. The hotel is ideally located as it is close to London Bridge station and was ideal for me to walk to Tower Bridge to watch the marathon.We will definitely stay at this hotel whenever we have to visit London again.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CosmicGirl29
<Content>A Let Down I was really looking forward to staying at the London Bridge Hotel after reading all the good reviews on this site, but was really disappointed.I upgraded to a Superior room, and for the extra cash I got 3 apples and a bathrobe and slippers. The bathrobe had stains on the arm and smelt of perfume, so obviously hadn't been washed, but just re-hung for the next guest.The view for the room was of a brick wall and there was no sunlight at all apart from a very small crack, which felt really depressing.On a positive note the check in staff were really friendly and efficient, just a real shame about the rest.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>3	1	3	4	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>LocalLass
<Content>Fab Hotel, 5 stars for everything This hotel is really amazing. I couldnt believe we got two nights BBhere for only 拢200. When we checked in no standard doubles were readyso we were instantly upgraded to superior, no quibbles. Room was spacious, beautifully decorated and clean. Bed great, bathroom great,nice The White Company toiletries. As others have said breakfast was superb. We only had 1 day to see London as it was just a hop to SouthEast Asia, but just a 2 min walk from the hotel you can walk the length of the river down to the london eye past loads of london sights. Cant recommend this place highly enough, especially for the price.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Feribon
<Content>Unashamed luxury! Arrived on saturday at 1300hrs and greeted by smart, efficient and friendly concierge and front of house personnel. Check in was effortless and very quick. First impression of our room was WOW!! Unashamed luxury from every aspect. Furnishings straight out of House and Gardens. Felt like royalty!Never slept in such a big bed before! Facilities are superb as well, with the dining facilities of a superior quality. We were treated as if we were special as nothing was too much trouble.As Arnie said  We'll be back!  Thank you all.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rlean5031
<Content>Wonderful Hotel, Great Staff Decided to stay here after reading the reviews and I was very happy with my choice. The rooms were clean, a bit small but cozy nonetheless. We actually had a glitch with our room regarding our air conditioning unit which really wasn't cooling our room whatsoever. So we called the front desk and they promptly sent one of their colleagues to check. A young man examined the unit and concluded that even though the unit was blowing cold air, it doesn't seem to do anything to the room temperature. The hotel moved us to another room with better air conditioning and has been smooth sailing till we checked out. Breakfast was great with a variety of cereal, fruit juices, bangers, eggs, grilled tomatoes and pastries. But if you want an alternative, there are places in the immediate area to choose from like a peruvian restuarant down the street. Need water or snacks? There's a 24 hours store (Boden (sp?) that's very close. (Make a left from the hotel and make another left on Borough High st)Tip #1: Bring a travel clock. The only clock in the room is on the plasma tv and its rather small if you want to check the time. Tip #2: If you just want to briefly drop a short email to friends or family, bypass the hotel's internet service as its rather expensive (拢10 for the day). There is an internet cafe on Borough High St .heading towards Duke Hill St. Its a 拢1 for 30 minutes.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Discsaber
<Content>Great Hotel Arrived At London Bridge Hotel on Friday 13th evening and after a super fast check-in we went into our lovely spacious room. Lovely comforatable bed, super lcd tv and super shower. Next morning went down for breakfast and what a breakfast. Great selection and super fresh produce. After breakfast went exploring area around hotel and found Borough Market which is just across rood from hotel. Its a good job we had big breakfast because there was so much food at market we would have eaten all day at market.Overall London bridge hotel is a suberb place for a stay be it one ortwo nights or longer. Staff were very nice and hotel is very easy to get to with tube station just around corner and several bus stops within easy walking distance to hotel.Would recommend hotel to everyone and will be back next time in London  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LouisaR
<Content>Stunning hotel in a prime location The London Bridge Hotel is by far one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. On arrival we were greeted by a very friendly receptionist, check in was smooth and quick and any questions we had were answered. The room was fantastic we were on the top floor room 504, we could see the London eye from our window. Water and fruit were on the side which I throught was a nice touch and in the draw was coffee and tea. The bed is one of the softest beds I have ever slept in, I tend not to sleep too well in hotels but for two nights I slept right through.We booked a table for the restaurant again done by the receptionist and well what can I say the food and the service was second to none, they had a party of 20 people in the restaurant and like some I have been too the staff tend to forget about the two people sitting in the corner but that didn't happen they checked on us regulary if we wanted more bread, top up on wine nothing was too much trouble. The food was outstanding and piping hot.We only had breakfast in the hotel on the day we left and again outstanding service and food everything was fresh and they were always coming out from the kitchen with more food.All in all a fantastic hotel and a wonderful stay, I would reccomend anyone stay here. The tube station is just up the road from the hotel. Next door you have got two lovely bars and the drinks are very reasonable. And right round the corner is the London Dungeons. Stay at this hotel and I promise you, you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Maroc17
<Content>Great location, room and price!!! The hotel location alone can鈥檛 get any better. You are across from London Bridge Station making your travel so convenient. We took a train from Gatwick Airport to London Bridge Station. The hotel is very nicely decorated and the rooms are very nice and clean. I would suggest booking your room with the free continental breakfast that most travel sights offer. Breakfast was fresh, and had a good variety of choices. It鈥檚 definitely a money saver. You are within a 5-10 minute walk from the Tower of London and Tower Bridge. I travel extensively and use tripadvisor to make my decisions but have never written a review. I couldn鈥檛 go without saying something about this great money saving hotel in a city that is so expensive. You are covered in all areas please take advantage of it.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>LoveLondon50
<Content>Great hotel and location Unlike Cambridge student I loved this hotel and found the location great. To be close to Southwark Cathedral, Borough Market and a short walk from the Tate Modern, with the Jubilee line also nearby was great. It is also easy to get to from Gatwick airport by train.Despite having a room on the street I did not hear any noise from outside or inside.The hotel is lovely, the room was well fitted and the staff are great. I found the breakfast buffet a bit small to cope with the large numbers but that was my only quibble. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting London.Frequent visitor  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mi12iam
<Content>great location       Closet  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>2141Travel
<Content>Loved the London Bridge       Our Room  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BringHomeTroops
<Content>Nice Place with a Few Glitches Stayed here recently for 6 nights. Overall I liked the hotel and would stay there again for the same price ($200 US) but there were some issues, mainly poor housekeeping. The room was clean upon arrival but it ended there. Crumbs on the floor were not vacuumed up the entire time we were there. Bathroom floor was not vacuumed and the sheets were not changed despite leaving numerous notes and requesting a sheet change at the reception. The excuse given was that the maids don't speak any English so they couldn't read our notes. Well if they don't speak English shouldn't they bring a note written in English that a guest leaves to someone on the staff who can? Not very customer service oriented I suppose. I ended up getting my own sheets and changed them myself.The rooms are quite small. We actually got lucky and got room 423 which apparently is larger than most due to it's location at the end of the hall. I think 323, 223, etc. are all similar in size. I was able to go into a few other room with different bedding set-ups and they were smaller than ours. The bathrooms were also markedly smaller than the one we had. So, try and get one of the 23 rooms. That being said, we would have been fine in one of the smaller rooms as we weren't really around much. We faced the front of the building and the noise wasn't a huge issue for us because we were on the 4th floor and we live in a big city so we are used to noise. Didn't really hear our neighbors. I almost forgot, one of the things I really liked about the room was the ability to open our windows and get fresh air. This isn't always possible at all hotels.The reception staff were extremely nice and helpful. One even came to our room one night to offer to change the sheets herself because housekeeping kept missing it. That's when I thanked her and took the sheets and changed it myself. However, the gesture was much appreciated. We were able to check in around 10:00am on a Monday. The concierge staff didn't seem to be all that interested in being helpful or even saying hello. The one time we did contact them they sent us to someone else who sent us back to them.Breakfast was fine. Actually given the prices in London (from a US $ perspective) it was good because it was included in our rate. Nothing spectacular but the setting was nice. The items on the buffet never changed so after 6 days it does get a little old. No soy milk or soy yogurt offered so if you are allergic to dairy, you're out of luck. The location was great, especially given that we flew into Gatwick. There is an express train that stops at London Bridge station and the hotel is very close, not even a full block's walk. There is a post office literally around the corner. There is a Boots pharmacy at the train station to pick up snacks. They had great prepackaged fruit and veggies. We also were able to walk almost everywhere from the hotel. We did use the tube but we like walking and London is very walkable. Don't miss the Borough food market around the corner on Saturdays. It was great. Overall it was a nice visit and for the price it was a good deal considering the quality of other accommodations available at the same price. The housekeeping issue was just an odd thing given the more upscale feel of the hotel and hopefully it was an aberration.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	2	4	2	1	

<Author>1STTIMEBERLIN
<Content>Brill Hotel and Staff Brill hotel, room excellent (5th floor, free upgrade), breakfast excellent, staff excellent, location excellent, next to london bridge train station and underground.Excellent for the Thames path, Tower of London, London Eye Oxo Tower, good pubs and Rest along the Thames. Good for HMS Belfast Hayes Gallery, Tate Modern, St Pauls, London Dungeon.Also good for Borough Maket - A Must See.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>spinny
<Content>The excellent staff at the london bridge we stayed here in January of 2007 while on a trip to attend a friends 60th birthday celebration. The hotel is lovely--though pretty busy (we were told we couldn't gt an early check in but on hearing that our bankcards had both been cancelled by the bank because the bank suspected fraud and we had NO money--and the bank in NY couldn't be reached until 1 pm London time--they worked hard to get us into a room early so we had somewhere to spend the time (we were jet -lagged and very few coffeshops take credit cards!)anyway, room was lovely, a bit small by US standards, but that is the norm--however, it really is the staff that make this place extraordinary (as noted above) --i had to compose a 'song' for the party and was running a bit late --but also need to make 100 or so copies of the song--which was on a macintosh--the concierge was able to convert my file to windows and took it to the business center and made the copies gratis--just before we were to leave for the party my husband discovered that he had forgotten his tux shirt--again a concierge to the rescue--he called nearby stores (that were closing in 5 minutes!) told them my husband would be arriving and my husband found a shirt (not a tux shirt, but at least a white shirt that did the job) had we not had this intervention the stores would have been closed and my husband would have been in a t-shirt. There were numerous other small niceties from greetings to thoughtfully answered questions that make the staff at this hotel stand out.Also, the location is great, it is near the tube and the bridge (obviously!) and near a great food market that has lovely cafes and restaurants. really a great place to stay.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>merv16
<Content>great stay My wife and I stayed for 3 nights 19th March onwards and would recommend this hotel to anyone, in fact I've booked my mother ( 80 yrs old )and her friend there in July for her birthday, which is recommendation enough. Nice rooms, plasma screens on the wall, excellent breakfasts. We stay on the 1st floor at the front and had no bother with any noise from traffic or the trains.Tube station close by, get your oyster tube card and away you go.Nice walk along the embankment to the Tower and Tower bridge. Next time I visit London I'll just stay here and not even bother to look at other hotels as I know we are going to a good hotel.The size of the rooms seems to be an issue but unless you spend all day in you room there are big enough , wash , sleep get changed and go, no problem.Book and enjoy!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Lord_Anacho
<Content>Very satisfied and good assistance in time of need I definitely recommend this hotel. We booked through booking.com and that worked like a charm. I emailed the hotel directly to confirm the booking and got a prompt reply.True, the room was small, but it was spotless, pretty, all amenities were there and in proper working order. No view to speak off but a really, really quite room on the second floor. The hotel is well situated indeed and two tube stops away from Waterloo international.My wife, who was not well to begin with, got rather severly sick during the night. We had to cut our stay short. The staff was extremely helpfull to make the necessary phone calls to the Eurostar terminal and assisted me in changing my train reservation. Kudos!Were there minus points? Very few indeed and they are really nit-picking. The mini bar contained only one wine glass, and two would have been better. In view of my wife's illness I ordered a breakfast brought to our room. That was done promptly. But perhaps 6 slices of toast (a single rack) was a bit to meagre for 2 persons. On the other hand they were perfectly willing to bring me a hot chocolate even when it wasn't listed on the breakfast chart.It will be some time ere I travel back to London, but if I do, I won't hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>EastbourneTracy
<Content>Lovely housekeeping staff We stayed 3 nights, the breakfast was amazing, the staff are very friendly and i was especially impressed with the housekeeping staff, they were very thorough and trustworthy, the hotel is perfectly situated, i recommend this hotel and will most definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>crsch
<Content>Wonderful London hotel Yes, the rooms are small but we had no trouble with ours. We value good quality above a huge room and the furnishings were gorgeous. The bed was divine, not a sag or a dip to be found. Quick tip - we put the chair next to the chest of drawers and pushed the hassock under the table. Made for a lot more space. We only ate breakfast there. The room's cramped but the food selection was very reasonable (pastries and cereals varied daily). We booked continental but there was just one buffet. The staff was very efficient and friendly.The location is great. Proximity of tube/trains/buses means you can get anywhere easily. But we're walkers and being so close to our favourite walk along the Thames was ideal for us. Our only minus point was the reception. When we checked in there was a lovely lady called Patricia working. She was warm, friendly and welcoming. Unfortunately, we got her no-name male colleague. And we got him every time. He could learn a lot from Patricia.My husband stays in 4* hotels 46 weeks a year. He was very happy with the LBH and me for finding it. Thankyou Tripadvisor reviewers for all your help!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>Cambridge_Student
<Content>Would be a great place... elsewhere in town! We checked into the LBH for one night, right after having checked out of the City Inn Westminter, because of a hefty price difference on Sunday rates. Unfortunately, the LBH does not stand up to the comparison with its more modern competitor.It is a good, quality hotel, and rooms are very nicely fitted. But you quickly realise that money was wrongly spent. It is obviously an old hotel, and standard rooms are tiny. The very comfortable queen sized bed takes up most of the space, and what ever little space is left is clotted with an unnecessary array of pieces of furniture. The feeling of crowdedness is overwhelming, which is bad news when you want to get away for a moment from a crowded city like London. Also, rather than forking out 拢150 for a designer lamp by Artemide, why not invest more in noise insulation? The walls are cardboard thin - you can hear the TV next door. Worse, the hotel faces the bus terminal at London Bridge station, which adds to the nuisance of the trains. Additionally, the area is depressing (Guy's Hospital).Shame, because it's a good hotel, but the area devalues it by a lot.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	1	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>TauntonGirl
<Content>great central hotel After searching for ages we decided to book this hotel after reading the reviews on trip advisor and we weren't disappointed! The only downside to it was the room was very small and the view from our window was of a brick wall! But if you are tall you can look over it.! But the room was one of the cleanest ever stayed in the staff were very friendly and when out TV broke it was mended straight away. For the price was amazing and would stay there again. If you are reading this and not sure about booking then book like we did won't be disappointed. Is walking distance to many attractions and coming from London thought it was one of the best been in.Hope that helps!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GregPittsburgh
<Content>Not a Bad Choice Overall, this hotel was a nice experience. One quibble: our tiny room was jammed with too much furniture. You could barely move without knocking your knee on a hassock or mod chrome end table. Location was decent, right near a tube stop, which is essential. The staff was very friendly. You will find that the nearby pubs and bars close at a relatively early hour (~10 or 11 pm), so if you want a drink after a show or a night on the town, the hotel lobby does serve cocktails. To avoid the exorbitant cost of the automated hotel room fridge goodies, use the convenience stores around the corner -- one is even open 24 hours. One other minor note: the lobby looks nothing like the lobby on the web site. A mod renovation has occurred, but it's nice. They should update their web site, however, so that when you arrive you know you've got the right hotel! Very clean hotel, friendly staff, good location -- I'd consider coming back.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>paris-eric
<Content>Great stay I did my reservation through Eurostar website. Closed to the london bridge station, I discovered a nice hotel, with a very friendly and efficient staff. My room was small but idealy designed and very quiet. I enjoyed the plasma TV very much. For London (I mean for such an expensive city), I believe that was good value for money.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>vikou
<Content>nice hotel, reception staff should try smiling a little! I stayed at the london bridge last Sunday with my boyfriend for 1 night.We booked the hotel based on the reviews here.Rooms were really nicely decorated, clean and comfortable.Bathrooms were ok. Common areas were clean and nice too.We booked trhough the hotel website for 拢124 for a superior double which is reasonable for a Sunday night (normally a quiet night for hotels). Breakfast was included and it was more than enough. As far as the hotel is concerned it was what we expected, however the reception staff were so moody! I've worked in a much smaller and not as nice hotel but we always smiled and were friendly. The reception staff at the hotel acted as if they couldn't be bothered... maybe it's because we only stayed for 1 night. We also had dinner at the londinium downstairs. The staff were friendly and profesional but the food was not really worth the money.I do not have any complaints for the hotel apart from the moody receptionist. we live in london and if we were to stay again in a hotel in the area we would probably go back.... but would try another restaurant.(Also i liked all the complimentary toiletries and water in the room...Overpriced minibar as expected...)  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>Liz1100
<Content>Excellent hotel! This hotel is excellent in all respects. We stayed in a standard double room and it was better than described on the website. The rooms are very clean and spacious with all mod cons and ample space for luggage. We ordered our dinner via the room service and it arrived within 10 minutes! The staff were very nice and helpful. When we asked for a taxi at the front desk, they went to the train station to collect one! The breakfast was better than expected with a cooked breakfast, pasteries, cereal, toast, beverages and fruit. The waiter even came and asked us if there was enough food. Overall I would highly recommend this hotel due to its high standard and competitive rates.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cookdodd
<Content>Lovely, lovely, lovely Brlliant time at the london bridge. Rooms and public areas spotless. All staff courteous, professional and friendly. Concierge staff very knowledgable re london geography and travelling plans.Only complaint was TV not working, however after reporting, maintainance arrived within two minutes and fixed problem.Breakfast room was calm, unlike the canteen chaos in some of the big chains.Near london bridge, tower bridge, and borough market, [perfect for foodies].Two minute walk to tube and mainline station.Lunched in the borough restuarant next door. Food and service very good. Will stop here on all my trips to london in future, however disppointed to find dates in november already full. will be checking regularly for cancellations.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lindale
<Content>Surprisingly good! Staying at the London Bridge Hotel was a rather nice surprise! This was the first time I had stayed here 鈥?and based on my experiences, it certainly will not be the last.This is an independent hotel on the south side of the river, right next to London Bridge station, making it conveniently placed to access all of London.Finding the hotel from the station can be a problem 鈥?I got lost using the hotel鈥檚 directions. From the Underground take the escalators up to the main concourse. The exit you need for the hotel is between WH Smiths and Mark  Spencer (March 07), you come out into a bus station. The hotel is just around to the right. Easy when you know!The rooms at London Bridge, although not huge are tastefully decorated, with wall mounted flat TV (excellent variety of channels and picture quality)), very comfortable bed, and generally well fitted out. The bathroom again not massive but was neat.The whole hotel is bright and cheerful, and had lots of little touches which made staying here a real pleasure. Breakfast was fine with decent coffee. The only downside for me was the constant noise from a motor running outside my room, possibly an extractor unit.That aside, I would happily stay at this hotel again 鈥?and use it for a family visit to London.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>twinkster
<Content>Exceeded expectations This hotel was so convenient. We took the train from Gatwick to the London Bridge Station and the hotel was only a few steps from the station. The staff was welcoming and efficient. Very pleasant accomodations. The room and bath was small but adequate, contemporary and very clean. No noise from the station. Breakfast was outstanding. The Borough Market held on Saturday is nearby and worth a look...  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PoppinsWarwickshire
<Content>Relaxing Break Arrived at the hotel to a friendly greeting and our bags taken to the room. Although not huge the rooms are very smart and comfortable. Plenty of wardrobe space and enough hangers for all clothes and lots of drawer space.The bathrooms are very tasteful, had large white towels and the white Company products which made bath and showers a pleasure.Beds are extremely comfortable and large wall mounted plasma tv screens an added extra.Only had breakfast in the hotel but it was excellant. Again the room was probably smaller than needed (mainly due to business execs having meetings over an extended breakfast) and this resulted in a small queue. However, having arrived at around 9 I didn't have to wait and the staff were all friendly and efficient at dealing with the backlog.Breakfast itself filled us all up for the rest of the day. Very good choice and all very well prepared and inviting.At first the hotel appears to be out of the way but is actually just a short walk from the city.I would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Fugazi
<Content>Lovely hotel       Tower Bridge  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>cloggath
<Content>Loved it. Loved our stay here. Rooms fantastic and modern. Very clean. Modern Bathroom with White Company toiletries. Staff very helpfull. Parking nearby. Breakfast divine with so much selection. Good location. Two min walk to tube station or mainline station. Only slight downside was a generator outside window which doesnt stop until 2300 and starts early i morning but go used to the noise. Room service amazing selection and very reasonable. Definately reccomend and stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>zyto22
<Content>Understanding the Family Trip We have just recently stayed as a family with two young daughters at the London Bridge Hotel and have found the hotel despite its staff and high quality reputation to be the most welcoming of a family with young children. The rooms were exceptional (as you would expect), but for us the level of service and friendliness made the trip completely worth it..!A big thank you must be said to the concierge staff who kindly checked our bags for us early on the morning of our departure into a secure storage area so that we could investigate London. And the girls were very happy to leave their beloved Balham and Charlie bears at the hotel knowing that they were safe and secure and would even be treated to some lunch..!The hotel is perfectly located for jumping on both tubes and mainline stations which was a real blessing.London Bridge Hotel is without doubt a beautiful hotel with every member of staff honestly striving to ensure that our stay was memorable - And it was..!Balham and Charlie Bear loved it too...  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mightymoosie
<Content>Superb - couldn't fault it! My first piece of advice would be to shop around for a deal on this - I used Skoosh.com (with 5% discount) on one night and Ebbookers for another night (worked out about 拢90 a night) - as it worked out the cheapest way. The only problem with this is that they hotel can only see one room at a time so make sure you phone and let them know what you have done and then you won't have to change rooms during your stay!However, the hotel itself is spotless, the staff friendly and polite and the rooms were really nice and well equiped. We had a disabled room (although we are not disabled it was allocated to us anyway!) - and by looking at the plans of rooms, it was more spacious than others (room 310). The complementary bottles of water and copies of The Telegraph were appreciated, as were the White Company toiletries in the bathroom. The bathroom was spotless again, the bath a little small (but at least there is one unlike many London hotels!), but lovely big white towels (changed daily whether you leave them on the rails or not!!!!).The breakfast is now superb - we asked how much it would cost for us to upgrade from continental to cooked (as the former was already in our deal) and we weere told that they don't charge anymore - we could have the cooked for nothing extra! Superb! The choices are superb as well; yogurts, meats, cheeses, rolls, toast, muffins, pastries, a wonderful fruit salad, full English cooked buffet as well!My only problem with the breakfast if you are in a couple is that the 2 people tables in the middle are seated very very close together and it felt as though I was sitting on the next persons table, which was a little uncomfortable. However, if you are early or in 3+ groups you will avoid these rather close 2 people tables!!!The only other thing you may need to be aware of is that the rooms automatically lock (or ours did!) at 12 noon check out - we were 3 minutes late and had to go down to reception to get back into our room to collect our luggage and check out. However, the staff at reception were lovely and apologised for this (even though it was me in the wrong!) and happily unlocked the room for me!We never tried Londonium restaurant but we did go to Georgetown next door - don't bother - the food is over-priced (even though we used the 2 courses for 拢18 deal!) and you hardly get anything for your money. It was like meals we had purchased on holiday in Turkey for a fiver, whereas in Georgetown they were 3 times this, and not as tasty! Although staff in the restaurant were polite and efficient, the food was rather dull. We came out and bought a sandwich as we were still hungry!!!!!Location-wise its not in a posh area, but we didn't feel unsafe either. Its right next to the tube - a 2 min walk (London Bridge tube) and theres loads of pubs and restaurants nearby - for example Slug and Lettuce and some more traditional pubs just down the road.Would I stay again? Yes definitely. For the price we paid we had a spotlessly clean room, good facilities (inc. a 32 inch TV!), the staff superb, and the location was handy.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MillyUK
<Content>Birthday Treat My partner and I booked this hotel after reading the reviews on this website. It was my birthday and we were going to london to see a show and wanted to stay in a nice hotel that would not break the bank. The London Bridge Hotel was more than we could have hoped for. We only paid 拢80 for a Saturday night and this included breakfast. We were upgraded to a suite and my favourite White company products were waiting for me in bathroom! Everything was perfect, except the wait to be seated for breakfast. However, the breakfast was rather yummy so it was worth the wait. We will be returning.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PedroAthens
<Content>Good value Stayed at the London Bridge Hotel for 3 nights over the weekend. Rooms are well decorated, even if a bit small (Standard Room), with a feeling of some luxury (flat TV, a lot of lighting options, pillows, etc.). The bathroom, despite looking new at first glance, showed several signs of usage, but was clean. Breakfast was quite good, with a limited but quality choice, and the staff were generally quite warm and welcoming - specially Patricia at breakfast who was, as myself, portuguese.The location is not in the centre, but is not hard to get there (a few stops on the Jubilee line to Bond Street), and with the room prices practiced and the quality, the value is outstanding.Will definitely stay again.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JackieJ50
<Content>Good Location Stayed 3 nights, 14-17 February. Room wasn't the biggest I've ever stayed in, but for London it was adequate. Bathroom was on the small size, but was kept very clean (except for the overflow pipe which needed a really good clean, just a small gripe of mine!). We had the continental breakfast which was again adequate. The staff were all pleasant and friendly . We found the concierge Paul extremely helpful regarding theatre tickets and his knowledge of the area. A good central base for visiting London. On the down side we had a room facing the station which was very noisy in the morning (even though the room had double glazing) and it was becoming very irritating by the third morning. Would stay again, but would request a room at the rear of the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bobby1802
<Content>Good hotel and good service I stayed there mid of February for two nights. I found some of the reviews a bit too overrated, but the hotel is clearly above the ordinary standard you find for a three star hotel in London. The rooms have a good size, not too big but still o.k. They are very nicely decorated and there is free mineral water and apples. The rooms are very clean, no complaints at all.During my stay the hotel was sold out and it was a bit crowded. The doors however close automatically so it was not so quiet at all in the late evening, but I am a bit sensitive with this issues. Location is perfect. Just opposite the London Bridge Station with direct access to underground to Bond Street and many other lines. The area is very interesting with losts of restaurants and Southwark is an area which I would call a hidden gem with the Borough Market on weekends.The concierge was always helpful and the receptionists very efficient. English breakfast was very good and can substitute lunch also. I can also recommend the hotel, I would not call it a gem, but a hotel with a standard above the average.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>bluebutton
<Content>Lived up to expectation Booked this hotel after reading tripadvisor reports. Staff polite and efficient without being officious. Mainly foreign. Bottled water in room appreciated. Didn't eat in hotel as found restuarants in area. Marks  Spencers food shop a few minutes away in railway station. Southwark area very historical (pronounced Suthack). Would go back.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SunnyC
<Content>Gret Service, Great Location       Bedroom  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lozuk666
<Content>lovely hotel We stayed here the 9th feb just for one night and really enjoyed it. We were upgraded on arrival to a superior room which was lovely! Its only a couple of minutes walk from the tube station. The hotel is lovely and modern and the breakfast buffet was nice too. Would deffinately stay here again and recommend to others.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>marytontie
<Content>Will be back! We needed a hotel for an overnight stay after a dinner in London. We booked through Skoosh for a great price. Friendly greeting from reception on arrival, and easy check-in. Comfortable bed, spotlessly clean room and bathroom. Bedroom not large but perfectly adequate. Nice toiletries from The White Company. There was an A/C unit which had no visible means of control, but the temperature was fine, it was just a bit noisy. (Didnt keep me awake, earplugs being my travel must - have). We had a room which did not face the train station (its very close to London Bridge station) so we heard no train noise at all. Excellent buffet breakfast (hot and cold choices) was included in our room rate. We just needed a bed for the night, and so I cant comment on whether this hotel has any other amenities, but it was great value for money . I will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Travel_Chick100
<Content>Very pleasant hotel Very nice hotel, 2 mins walk from London Bridge tube station, rooms exceptionally clean and very modern. Breakfast buffet lovely. Only drawback is cocktail bar in lobby is not really a nice atmosphere to have a drink and the pubs around the area all close on a Sunday. Slight drawback for a very nice hotel.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	3	5	3	

<Author>flying_c
<Content>Excellent An excellent hotel. Very polite staff.Extremely good value for your money, I am still amazed.I would definately advise this hotel to anyone.I even got a personal letter sent to me as I had returned home to Sweden, thanking me for my kind comment to the breakfast team.Well, I guess it's really nothing more to say.Book a room now!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Becky28
<Content>Modern, Clean, Central This is a great hotel (a rarity for London). The rooms are beautiful and modern. The reception areas are also very nice. It's clearly a very popular business hotel, but you can get good deals online for the weekend. The rack rate is quite expensive for what it is. London Bridge isn't the most obvious place to stay in London (and the area immediately around the hotel is a bit of a dump), but the South Bank has really changed so it's worth making the most of it if you stay here. You can walk to The Design Museum at Butlers Wharf, Tate Modern, Vinopolis, London Eye etc... from here.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Olster99
<Content>Outstanding! We stayed at his hotel after finding a value internet rate, and we only stayed a night. I wasn't really expecting all that much after not bothering to read any reviews. We checked-in and we recieved a smile and a 'Thank-you!' all great service! We were given our room key and quickly went to have a look at our room, we opened the door and were very suprised to see a chic, modern, elegant clean room! The bed was extremly comfy! And the large flat screen TV was good. The room was sparklingly clean and the bathroom was uncluttered and modern. Although the room was not massive, it was still a descent size! After having a great nights sleep in perfect quiet room we went down to breakfast. It was a really good plentyful continental breakfast and the service was excellent! We had a great stay and I'm returning in February!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LancsladLeyland
<Content>A Fantabulistical Weekend My wife and I have just returned home from a brilliant long weekend break. On the equivalent weekend in 2006 we made our first visit to the London Bridge Hotel and at that time we made a pledge to return.The welcome was genuine and friendly. The staff made booking in easy. Our room was very clean and most comfortable. I like the idea of deciding just when you need towels changing, rather than expecting a whole new set each day (think of climate change). The bed was wondrously comfortable -easy to fall asleep in. All that comfort - and a very big screen TV - added up to something wonderful.We were on a Bed  Continental Breakfast tarriff. The food was very good and a warm welcome awaited us each day. At the Concierge desk the staff were very helpful about information on areas of London such as Markets, sightseeing etc.All the staff we met were very friendly and helpful - it helped to make each day a real joy. We would be very happy to recommend The London Bridge Hotel for your future holiday break - but would respectfully ask that not everyone who reads this decides to book in for the final long weekend of January 2008 - because we hope to revisit at that time and would be very,very disappointed if there were no vacancies !!!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cazatome
<Content>Perfection This is the second time I have stayed here, got a reasonable rate on e bookers. Rooms are small but modern,nicely decorated, and very comfortable, and the bathrooms are bright and spotlessly clean. There is a fabulous Asian restaurant, Georgetown, where the food is fresh, aromatic and really tasty. Service is also excellent, and staff very friendly and helpful. I shall be revisting London again in March and have booked here again, definiteley my hotel of choice for this area of London.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Troll-CH
<Content>Appreciated the personal service We stayed in the London Bridge Hotel for 3 nights. The hotel itself is lovely. To be honest I expected a bit more (Tripadvisor rating #6 of some hundreds) but if I compare price against what we got, the deal was totally ok and worth the money.A plus is the newly furbished room, although a bit small. I missed a shower cabin in the room - there was only a tube. The minibar was very well maintained. On our special request the room lady changed linen after the first night, which I thought was a good service and not planned after the first night.The brekfast was very good and included in our rate. The location is ok, just a two minute walk from the next underground station. The staff was very friendly. All in all a very nice experience. Not perfect, but we will certainly consider again.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>dollyrural
<Content>Great location We received a warm welcome at reception. The room was very comfortable, although not large, but we were only there for a night!. The hotel is well situated for the globe theatre and tate modern, millenium bridge and st pauls cathedral. This is not a part of the city we usually visit and were pleasantly surprised. We used the malaysian restaurant which had a lovely ambiance and great food. We had to leave early, but a packed breakfast was no trouble for the staff. We wouldn't hesitate to return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>CosmoGirl07
<Content>A wonderful experience       Breakfast table  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>theworldsabigplace
<Content>Little Gem In A Big city This hotel is an absolute gem. The location is just 5 mins walk from the Tube station. We were checked in by efficient pleasant staff and to our delight were upgraded to a suite.We couldn't beleive our luck-the room was large with good quality modern furniture. Enough drawer and wardrobe space. There was complimentary tea, coffee and bottled water, a flat wide screened TV and a gigantic bed!The bathroom was a dream, again very modern and gleamingly clean, complemented by fluffy towels and shampoo,soap moisteriser and shower caps etc. Oh, and not forgetting dressing gowns for your use.Although as I say,it was near the tube we never heard any noise and had a peaceful, uninterrupted nights sleep in that big comfy bed.Breakfast is a hungry mans feast. I think they've thought about all tastes. The cooked food is hot and tasty, and it's all very well presented, something for everyone. The staff are replenishing all the time. Our table was set beautifully, the cutlery was clean as was the crockery. The table staff were very attentive and obliging.The area had a good choice of restaurants and pubs within walking distance and we felt safe at night.The lasting impression I came away with was, really good value, everywhere was clean, great location, not one thing to complain aboutWould I use this hotel again -Absolutley  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Foxy-of-Bournemouth
<Content>The Perfect London Hotel All the staff were exceptionally friendly. We were fortunate to be upgraded to an executive room. The room was clean and modern. We had a queen size bed, duvet, dressing gown, slippers, plasma television and even apples!Breakfast was a fresh buffet and something for everyone with a selection of continental and a good choice of cooked, enough to set you up for the whole day!A perfect location just around the corner from London Bridge tube.Next time I can persuade my husband to treat me to a weekend in London it will definitely be at the London Bridge. Enjoy!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nat90
<Content>Excellent! My boyfriend and I had just had the journey from hell, an hours flight from Newquay ended up being 6 hours on a coach, the Gatwick express then took over an hour.........we were supposed to be arriving at the hotel by 2.30 to have a day in London, but actually arrived at the hotel just after 8 pm!However, when we arrived at the London Bridge Hotel it all seemed to be worthwhile.As soon as we arrived we were greeted by a polite, and friendly lady behind reception, who then told us we had been upgraded from a double room to a suite!!!When we opened our door to the suite we were amazed. The room was spacious, very clean, very modern and had absolutely everything! (dressing gowns, slippers, tea, coffee, magazines......a wide screen t.v....dining table, comfortable sofa!...) An an extremely comfortable king sized bed!!!!Considering we had managed to find a low-cost deal for this hotel, we were gobsmacked at what we got for our money!We were so pleased with the room and service from all the staff that we booked our suite for a second night.I would definately advise this hotel to anyone. it's in a great location, right opposite London bridge station (we could see the station from our room!) its only a 20 minute tube journey to leciester square! And there's not a thing that i could find a fault with!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>arnecolon
<Content>Efficient and friendly staff All areas of hotel were very clean and modern. Bedroom was well equipped and very quiet - shower was one of best ever encountered! Only had breakfast which was good and plentiful with very friendly and efficient staff, despite being very busy. A nice stroll around Borough market on the Saturday morning with checkout at 12 noon, finished our very pleasant stay.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Josiassen
<Content>A perfect stay We stayed at the London Bridge Hotel for a weekend in January. Our first impression of this very fine hotel was a very positive one, since the first action of the very professional and kind staff was to upgrade us from our booked deluxe rooms to a suite.The suite was amply outfitted and very spacious. If we were to spot a small thing to complain about the room it should be the view out of the windows - We had a free and uninhibited look at a bus and train station. Though situated just outside our windows we never heard any noise at all - Very impressive.The complementary breakfast was a combination of a full British buffet and a somewhat limited continental one. This was a bit disappointing, but not a problem at all.The staff was always helpful and delightfully well mannered bordering a bit stiff. But very professional and no question or request stood unanswered.So all in all a terrific hotel with an appeal to the traveller who wants a bit more than a mere tourist hotel.We'll be returning for sure!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Londinium
<Content>Well-located and really excellent hotel       The bathroom  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ManofLondon
<Content>unbeatable       inside stockpot saturday night at about 9pm  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nick-3
<Content>Great little hotel! Rooms are on the small side but they are very well appointed and the beds are extremely comfortable. Room had a flat screen television, nice bathroom and everything was very well maintained. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Good location, walking distance to many sights including the Tower of London, and right around the corner from the London Bridge metro and train station.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>2cv
<Content>perfect place       inside stockpot saturday night at about 9pm  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Dunroamin
<Content>Treated with old style courtesy - the staff here are real professionals We chose this hotel for its location - within walking distance of Tower of London, Tate Modern and so much more.We loved it for what it had to offer inside. The rooms are compact, in an attractive contemporary and generously appointed style. But the icing on the cake was the excellent service we received from every member of staff.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hartacanute
<Content>A great place to stay in London We were very pleased with the London Bridge hotel - it was exactly as shown on their website, and was very close to London Bridge Station. We paid a little more for a upgraded room - and it was worth the extra.Breakfast was good, you get a decent flat-screen TV, and the location gives you easy, quick access to the very centre of London.We've been disappointed with other London hotels, but this was a refreshing change. We'll be staying here again in the future.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	3	

<Author>petehod
<Content>A gem of a hotel We actually stayed at The London Bridge Hotel in January, 2007 but Trip Advisor hasn't added 2007 yet to it's review page.This is a superb hotel if you are visiting central London, shop around for a room rate - we got a standard double for 拢70 including continental breakfast. The tariff on at the hotel reception for the same room was 拢199!! The area around the hotel, Southwark looks a bit run down but the hotel is ideally located for rail and underground links. The rooms are small but stylish, boutique style with superb king size bed, large flat screened tv and en-suite with a full sized bath and shower. Spotlessly clean, superbly presented and joy to be in.Continental breakfast was buffet style served in the hotels dining room. Plenty of variety here, juices, fruit, yoghurt, pastries, cheese and cold meats, also with the option of cooked breakfast.The staff were very friendly and efficient - we could not have asked for a better place to stay.I booked the hotel through Reserve-Hotel.com and got this superb hotel at a good discounted rate. A true bargain, that said the hotel was almost worth the full rate!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>samoyed81
<Content>Geat, central hotel Stayed at the London Bridge hotel for a weekend break - what a fantastic hotel! We arrived half an hour early, but the room was ready - in fact, we were given an upgrade to a superior room without even asking for one. The hotel spec is fantastic, as is conveniently located just two minutes from the tube station and Borough Market (which is just accross the road) Check out was at 12; and as our flights werent until the evening we were able to keep are bags with the concierge for the day. We will definately be staying there again.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Binkle
<Content>Good Location...London Bridge Hotel Just returned from a great New Year weekend break, 30th December - 1st January 2007.Check in was painless altho on arrival our room was not ready... we were a little early 1.20pm. The receptionist said that it would be ready around 2pm, so if we wanted a walk about for about half an hour, then we would be fixed up on our return.So... we left our baggage with the concierge and we sauntered off to visit the Borough Market. We had read about this market when making our plans for our trip to London and insomuch that the market is so close we just had to take a look.........And my goodness are we glad that we did!! Its just great!! Loads of luverly foodies to sample and purchase. So many different tastes, lots of varieties and if you like cheese, then you MUST visit this market. A great atmosphere and well worth a visit.We had a beer just across the road at The Grapes.... an old pub with plenty of atmosphere and only round the corner from the hotel.Back to the hotel to check in. We were taken to our room but felt that it was really cramped. We asked at reception if there was another room available that had a little more space and right away the manager assisted and found us a slightly larger room on the 5th floor. He admitted that most of the rooms are on the small side. I did think that the room was very well equipped, large double bed, plenty of pillows and nice clean , crisp bed linen (which is very important), decent size bathroom with White Company complimentary toiletries, mini bar, bottled water  apples,electronic safe, ironing board  iron, large screen TV. Although this room was an improvement on the first, I would still say that the room was pretty small but we could at least see out of the window and could actually see the London Eye and the fireworks for New Year celebrations.Breakfast is plentful albeit continental style. Plenty of cheese and cold meats, fresh fruit salad and yogurts, rolls, pastries, fruit juices and tea or coffee.We didn't eat at the hotel other than breakfast as we had a reservation for dinner elsewhere. Bam-Bou is a French Vietnamese restaurant and it has a great menu and the atmosphere is just sooo.... relaxed and chilled...try it!!!!Overall.. the London Bridge Hotel is well located for the train and getting around, have a wander along the river to the Wharf and the gallery its just on the doorstep. Good hotel and we would no doubt use this hotel again...**RECOMMENDED**  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>100littleowls
<Content>Great City Hotel I stayed twice at the London Bridge Hotel and I enjoyed both time.The room is very small, but it is equiped with everything you need, and the most importantly it is so cheap! I paid less than 拢100 (including Continental Breakfast) both time. I would happily stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>moonbather
<Content>good place to stay just returned from a one night stay at London Bridge Hotel. Requested an extra bed in one of the twins we had booked as our daughter was able to join us at the last minute, the triple room we were allocated at no extra cost was wonderful. A big room with walk in wardrobe, bed settee which was all made up for us when we got into the room and twin beds. The staff were really friendly and helpful and the concierge managed to secure a table with a view at the Oxo Tower for us with half an hours notice (the bistro was very full so he did well). The hotel was very busy and everyone seemed to arrive for breakfast at 09.30 consequently service was a little slow and the pot of tea and extra toast we ordered never did arrive. However a good hotel in an easily accessible location and we wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>4Traveller
<Content>Great bedroom Hi All,Before I booked night at London Bridge Hotel I've checked many reviews at tripadvisor and other sites. Finally I've choosed this hotel because of very good reviews as well as good location. What can I say... It was wonderfull night at this hotel, everything was very good if not excellent. Bedroom as well as bathroom were very clean and big LCD TV on and fiber lights near bed are stunning.There was only one thing for what we were surprised - the breakfast - they have two different _options_ for breakfest: continental and britsh. We didn't know that booking via otels web site we automaticly choosed continental one whilst we prefered to have british.But even with this minor disadvantage (maybe because my lack of knowledge) we loved this hotel and I'll return there everytime when I'll have to stay in central London.Cheers,Dawid  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>DoctorDoug
<Content>Weekend break London Stayed here on a weekend break. Excellent location, next to Lonon Bridge rail station and near to tube. Very helpful and friendly staff. Room was a little small but very clean and well appointed. Lots of hot water. Plasma screen TV on wall with a sky package. Easy to get to south side of river for a stroll over millenium bridge. Beakfast was very satisfactory and included in price with Superbreak whom we booked with.There seemed to be a mixture of people staying from families to business types. They hold meetings next to the downstairs restaurant but it does not cause any problems. Definate recommendation for a break and would happily use the hotel for my next trip to London.Doug, North Yorkshire  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>The-Heads
<Content>Excellent location I booked this hotel approximately 4 months in advance, having read numerous previous reviews on London Hotels.From St Pancras train staion it was only a fairly short tube ride down to London Bridge. From there it is a 3 minute walk to the hotel.The reception and foyre area are clean and modern and we had no problem in booking in.Our room was on the 5th floor overlooking London Bridge.Although the room was fairly small, it was well decorated and had a flat screen TV, mini bar, etc and an extremely comfortable king size double bed. The bathroom and shower were also of top quality.Although we didn't eat in the restraurant we tried room service one evening which was prompt and the food was good.The hotel is ideally located to visit Hay's Galleria, walk along the Thames to Tower Bridge and Butlers Wharf and then pay a visit to HMS Belfast.The Borough Market is also well worth a vist.Overall we could not fault the hotel in any way and we will certainly return in the future.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>aprilmayjune
<Content>1st time in London and LOVED it!       Room at the London Bridge Hotel  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>unrealneil
<Content>Great Room, good location Stayed one Saturday night here in November and enjoyed it enormously. The location is tucked away behind London Bridge Station. It was also very close to Borough Market which served an incredible array of food and fresh produce. The room was modern with a large and comfortable bed and large wall mounted tv. The breakfast was ok, found the restaurant a little small and crowded though. Overall, a friendly and modern hotel in a good location. Would stay again.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>melloyell8
<Content>Oasis of calm in central London On reading the reviews on this website I booked at short notice through the hotel's useful website. They had a special weekend rate for 2 people which included an upgraded Executive room, fruit bowl, chocolates and wine in the room; choice of breakfast available as room service at no extra charge; and a 3 course dinner  champagne in the hotel's Londinium restaurant.After a particularly stressful drive down the M4, the South Circular and trying to figure out how to get to the hotel entrance via the one-way system around London Bridge Station we made it. Of course, a sensible person wouldn't be bringing their car into London, in which case the hotel is a short walk (100yds) from the station. TIP: if you must drive check the map on the hotel website - you have to go through the setting down point outside the station. Check-in went fine and a reservation for dinner was made.Our room was on the top floor (5th) and pretty much as in the photos on the website. There was a very comfortable king-size bed; a sofa, armchair  coffee table seating area; desk; a walk-in closet more than ample enough to store our luggage; a drawer unit with minibar, kettle, DVD player and large LCD TV. Everything was clean and contemporarily decorated.The hotel did forget the freebie chocolates and fruit, however, on querying this with the reception they were quicky whisked up by room service.Dinner in the Londinium was tasty and the inclusive package we booked allowed us free reign of the menu.After a restful night's sleep room service woke us up with breakfast. Again, hard to fault.Overall, very pleased with the London Bridge experience. Everything was as we would expect for this hotel's price range. In fact on reflection of stays elsewhere, probably better as very little if anything detracted us during our short visit.Would definitely come back for a longer stay but I'll leave the car at home!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Snapshot
<Content>Highly recommended We wanted a hotel near to the Old Vic  were delighted to find the rave reviews on tripadvisor for the London Bridge Hotel, especially the quick  easy transport links nearby. We also had an excellent stay there-- from the friendly helpful staff to the comfortable  luxurious accommodation to the lavish feast which was our continental breakfast! We enjoyed a very good Malaysian lunch at the next door restaurant on arrival  also enjoyed discovering the Borough Market  impressive Southwark Cathedral just over the road. And all for bargain prices which we certainly have not enjoyed on previous trips to London.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Boy_reiver
<Content>Thames and the Tate       Great TV screen  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>abcdetech
<Content>Highly recommended hotel only if you get a good deal Stayed at this hotel for two nights. When I was making a reservation this hotel was rated, if I am not wrong, as a 4-star hotel, now I can see only 3 stars.My personal opinion it worths about 4 stars. A little bit overprised, but it has clean rooms, very confortable beds, pillows, flat TV, clan bathroom. Nice restourant downstairs.On check-in they required to make a copy of my passport - very unusual. They explained it's the low, however I stayed night before at Heathrow hotel and nobody asked me about the passport.The hotel has I would say a good location, very close to the tube and bus tour stop. Very friendly staff.I would recommend this hotel if you get a good rate.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	5	5	

<Author>ScubaCat28
<Content>Could do better       Bed  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>Neilliv
<Content>great hotel excellent location I stayed here for 2 nights at the end of October 2006. On my early arrival I was given my room right away as I thought I wouldn't have access to it until normal check-in time. All the staff were very courteous and helpful. The hotel is ideal for moving about the rail/ underground network as London Bridge station is less than a minutes walk away, and I took full advantage of this for my weekend as I wanted to get around various places with ease. The room was slightly small but adequate with plasma TV , very comfortable beds, a lovely bathroom with a DEEP bath! One thing I liked was windows you could open for fresh air! It did also have aircon if required, and it was also very quiet surprisingly for being so near to the station.The area round the hotel has a multitude of cafe's, bars , restaurants but you could also dine in their own eateries, which I never took advantage of, but these looked excellent too. It is also idela for walks along the enbankment to the Tate Modern gallery and the National Film Theatre, as well as the Globe and the Millenium wheel.All in all a very pleasurable time and I would not hesitate to return there again.Thanks to all the staff for making my stay.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Durham_explorer
<Content>Highly Recommended Trawled Tripadvisor for a suitable hotel for a two night stop-over visiting family in the South East. Found the London Bridge Hotel with such super reviews, then took a look at their website and it looked great. Upon arrival, there was no disappointment. The hotel and room was better than anticipated. The bed so comfortable that it was difficult to leave it in the mornings. The stay was helped by beautiful weather and the situation is certainly great for walks in both directions by the Thames and very handy for transport.Wouldn't hesitate to recommend.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>forthekids
<Content>One of the best hotels I've stopped in We had a weekend away with the kids (both under 5) and wasn't sure if this hotel would be suitable but it was fantastic. Had a room with double bed and double sofa bed for kids. Huge plasma tv that swivelled so we could watch it when kids were asleep and vice versa! Never stopped in a hotel where the bed is better than my own but at London Bridge Hotel I did! Very clean and decor is first class. Would definitely stop there again.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>fordlinks
<Content>Ruby Wedding Week-end We planned a weekend to celebrate our Ruby Anniversary, and found the London Bridge Hotel ideally situated, near Tube or Train station,with Taxi service near. We had no problems going to places. The bonus being near the Thames River walks, with plenty of landmarks to see or visit. Being from the countryside we found London Bridge Hotel, lobby to be small and inviting, so we didn't feel lost at all. We found the staff very helpful and courteous. The rooms clean and the bed comfy. All in all a perfect weekend.Martin @ Irene Brixham Devon  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MonaVan
<Content>Sleek business hotel with good weekend rates My husband and I stayed for 2 nights at the London Bridge Hotel in mid-October, in an executive king room. We chose it due to its location (in Southwark, near the Borough Market, Southwark Cathedral, Shakespeare's Globe, etc), and the positive review in the Rough Guide to London.The hotel is furnished in a very sleek modern style, but comfortable nonetheless. It is very business oriented, but has lower rates on the weekends. We did not eat in any of the hotel restaurants, preferring to go to the Borough market instead (see following paragraph for more info). The room was very clean and had a full range of amenities one would expect of a 4 star hotel. The service staff were pleasant. The rooms are well insulated from outside noise, but the room became stuffy quite quickly if the air conditioning was not on all the time. Opening the window helped a lot, but a lot of traffic and fan noise came in too. One downside: the hotel charges a hefty daily fee (10 pounds per 24 hours) for access to the wireless network - a 4 star hotel should be providing this free. A big bonus is the hotel's location: it is only a 5 minute walk from the Borough Market, which is open on Friday afternoons and all day Saturdays. I would highly, highly recommend the market for anyone who appreciates artisan baking, free range and organic meats, cheeses, organic vegetables, and market atmosphere. The area around the market is also lively on weekends with numerous pubs, cafe's and restaurants, all within easy walking distance. As well, the major tube and train station of London Bridge is right next to the hotel, providing easy access to all parts of London.I would stay at the hotel again, but definitely only at the weekends, to take advantage of the better rates.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	3	2	

<Author>kidder
<Content>Great choice. thanks trip advisor. We travelled to London for the weekend with friends and wanted a hotel close to transport links, within walking distance to some attractions, and a good quality of hotel. The London bridge hotel didnt disappoint, the standard rooms are slightly small but are comfortable well equipped with a great flat screen TV. Above all the standard of cleanliness is what one would expect, after being disappointed in other establishments. I did a lot of research with the help of trip advisor and this hotel came up trumps.The hotel is only a very short walk to London bridge station with a choice of the underground, main line trains, buses and taxis. Our stay included the continental breakfast which was very good, the hotel has it's own restaurants but we hadn't time to try, but i,m sure reading other reviews these are very good.Overall we really enjoyed this stay, and realise that a weekend is not enough to see all the attractions London has to offer, so we will be planning another visit next year, with a stay in this hotel a top priority.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>gg92101
<Content>I loved this hotel! This is such a nice hotel. Located right near the London Bridge, on the South side of the Thames, in what they call Southwark, it's close to the London Bridge Underground station and incredibly convenient to travel around London. This was my first time ever in London and I lucked out. The room was beautful and immaculate. I had room service 3 nights out of 5 at the hotel, and it never took more than 15 minutes to arrive and the food was great. The Londinium Restaurant downstairs was where I went for breakfast each day and the service and selection were also great. I couldn't have asked for a better place to stay, and I would definitely go back again and recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>ja9090
<Content>FANTASTIC!!!! I do not have a bad word to mention about this hotel, great location, friendly staff who would do anything for you, superb rooms and the quality of the furnishings is something else for a hotel of this class and price. Would recomend this hotel to anyone, and as for the breakfast a continental is included of which you can help yourself to anything you please and only a fool would go hungry. I will certianly be using this hotel for my future stays in london.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Thenana
<Content>Very lovely small hotel. We were very pleased with the very pleasant and courteous staff at this hotel. The contemporary decor was very pleasing, although the seating in the lobby was not very comfortable. The Deluxe King room was spacious and very comfortable. A full breakfast came with the room, which was very good in selection and taste. We also had dinner one night in the restaurant and found the food, presentation, and service to be better than average for a hotel resturant. We enjoyed having the London Bridge Train Station nearby, in fact that was one of the reasons we booked this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mikeyl77
<Content>Nice Hotel, Good staff Choose this hotel after reading reviews on this site.Got a superb deal of 拢84 a night for two nights. The hotel was very nice and was about 400 yards from the tube station (go left out the station. left again for 20 yards, then under a small rail bridge the next left and 50 yards on your right.)The Borough Market is just across the road and well worth a visit.Only one problem during our stay, was the attitude of the resturant manager. The staff were superb and one of the waitress's made a very small mistake which she rectified immeadiately, however the resturant manager saw this and in full view of the other customers and I, gave a completely over the top row. This put us on edge for the rest of the breakfast and tainted what had been a superb stay.The other staff were friendly and helpful, particular mention must go the concierge who was VERY helpful.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	1	5	5	4	4	

<Author>singrish
<Content>Nice Hotel This is a nice hotel. Bed is really soft, room is spacious, huge LCD TV, very classy. Unfortunately they are not generous with breakfast, they only provide continental breakfast and will charge more for english breakfast. A pity they do that since they are a four star hotel.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>FosterCole
<Content>Thank you Thank you London Bridge Hotel for looking after My 30 International guest, and especially my 88 year old mum.You really managed to please every one, we really laid it on.From tracking down a 9 year old who had gone walk about from his room in the early hours, to friends who transfered from posh rooms in Mayfair to be with us, and us demanding Americans who want it all NOW, Great Job, No complaints, just thanks, Paul George Omar, for organizing Transport, Shows, information.Great breakfast. Love the decor, and being able to walk to Tower Bridge,The Tower of London, The Tate Modern, St Pauls, Shakespeare's round, not to mention the great market on Sat, and old Pubs The George is amazing just to think Shakespeare drank there too.I will be back In Jan O7 Kevin DavisCalifornia.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Videojock
<Content>Very Comfortable Beds + Large Screen TVs I stayed at the London Bridge Hotel with my family for a weekend sightseeing visit to London. It is ideally positioned and only 2 minutes walk from London Bridge Station. Must have good insulation as I did not hear the trains at all during my stay. The staff are very friendly and the rooms are quite luxurious with an interior design feel. We stayed in one of the apartments which was really well kitted out with a massive Flat Screen TV and once the kids were in bed we watched a pay movie. (Mission Impossible 3 !). The breakfast was excellent (especially the bacon), and the kids ordered hot chocolate as kids do at 8am !The hotel is a 5 minutes walk away from the London's lovely southbank which provides a really interesting walk.I would defintely stay here again - but next time it will probably be on business.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>savvy101
<Content>loved londen bridge i really enjoyed this hotel. The hotel it self it beautiful and uniquethe rooms comes with a huge plasma Tv and a comfortable goose down bed. One of the best hightlight is that the hotel is centrally located near london dungen and London Bridge, with tour bus stops a block away. I really recommend this hotel  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Helca
<Content>Great place... enjoy!!!       view from the bed...  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ludwig123
<Content>great all round Stayed at London Bridge Hotel for New Year last year and was very impressed with it. I have stayed in various Hotels in London and this one is by far the best value for money.Great location too.The rooms are very comfortable albeit a little small but for London standards they're excellent.The continental breakfast buffet is really very good but the English breakfast as it's also a buffet is not ( cold/overcooked/re-heated ) .The concierge's are very helpful and polite, great shame that the rest of the staff don't seem to follow their lead.That really is the only bad thing I can think of. Have recommended to others who also share my opinion.All in all a very good hotel in an excellent location.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>willowwhizz
<Content>superb elegance we stayed here for 1 night. It was elegant, comfortable and convenient. The bed was huge and inviting. The bathroom was spotless with plenty of fluffy white towels. Nice wardrobe with plenty of space and light.The staff were helpful and smart. We ate in the Georgetown adjoined to the hotel,it was lovely Malay food reasonably priced. The breakfast was huge despite it being a continental one! We had a fab time here and I would so recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>flytoomuch
<Content>Excellent - Good well rounded ,great value hotel I stayed in early October for 5 nights.I really could not fault the hotel - Rooms were a fair size for london, Plasma/LCD TV in the room, internet access (broadband) - alas it was charged, king sized bed.Light Bright, and with a desk. The hotel shower was decent and the staff were friendly.Locationwise can't be beat - 150 metres to London Bridge British Rail/Underground. Close to London Borough Market which is we worth a visit when it is open.Will stay there again!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>the411
<Content>London Bridge is falling down I read the reviews and expected a nice stay. It helped that on the hotels website they had a special weekend promo rate that for London seemed generous. I arrived from NYC after a 14hr. flight (mechanical problems) but was in great spirits. Check-in seemed ok , but not overly friendly, warm or professional (just how much experience does the staff have?). My executive king room was large by London standards, but the design made the room seem very clutured. A king bed, a large conference table with 6 chairs, a sitting chair and small ottoman, a couch and a small coffee table.Too much. Little open space to walk about the room. Then the pounding noise started, like something heavy was being dropped - one could feel the noise as well as hear. The response from the front desk staff was one of indifference. The next day the same noise. Perhaps they said it's coming from the gym next door. Again no real concern for peace and quiet. No resolution was offered. The mattess was thin and extemely soft, more like a futon really. Breakfast is no great deal either, even the Full English is buffet. My only positive is Paul the head concierge, who is absolutely wonderful and warm (the way one expects from a 4star hotel.)and also James and Omar are helpful and pleasant. They are the exceptions but not enough to not warn others to heed the bad reviews and stay at your own risk. I am a seasoned traveler and this is one of my most disappointing stays anywhere in the world. It feels like nothing more than a tourist class hotel.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	3	1	2	2	

<Author>DA6
<Content>Not that great I would reconsider spending your money at this hotel. We had a standard double room with the English breakfast for 5 nights. The service was sub standard and the rooms very very small. Unfortunately they also clutter the rooms full of unnecessary chairs and other bits which makes unpacking and storing your suitcases as difficult as possible. We were first given a smokers room which stank horribly, but then after requesting a new room, quickly moved to a new floor. The bed was like a microwaved piece of marshmallow and very uncomfortable. Nice flat panel wide screen TV's in the bedrooms, but that's about it. Don't get tempted to keep your own drinks cool in the room fridge as it's computerized and automatically charges you after 20 seconds of opening it. Internet access was expensive, and only about 1 in 3 people at the hotel spoke any English which made things frustrating - forget trying to ask the room service staff anything because they won't understand you! A work colleague had organized surprise Champagne for my wife's Birthday during breakfast, but even though they tried to charge his card, they never actually supplied us with the Champagne. The cold English breakfast is hardly worth the effort and you're better off going out to eat. All in all, a clean hotel with modern look in a handy location due to the proximity of the train station, but too many things let it down to reconsider it at this price level.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	5	2	1	2	

<Author>Hemmy
<Content>Luxury and convenience My wife and Iwere in London for a show and required a hotel near to public transport and this could not have been more convenient being situated directly next tom London Bridge Station (no train noise whatsoever)On arrival we were given a superb room much exceeding our expectations.Being in a hurry we requested room service which again produced a top quality service. In the morning we took the full english breakfast which was ample to keep up our energy for some shopping.We would certainly recommend this hotel both for the actual rooms/ambiance but also for the very friendly staff.John  Brenda from Sussex  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hixaire
<Content>I beg to differ Rooms are small and noisy. Street is shabby.Staff is cold and stiff upper lip.In other words, I don't understand why the other reviews are so good for this hotel!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>Earthwatcher
<Content>Great hotel, great location Knowing that it's hard to find a good value hotel in London, we weren't sure how this one would be, but it exceeded our expectations. The hotel is rated 4 star. Our room was clean and well-equipped. Great tv (big screen). Beds were so comfortable - lovely and soft (and I am the fussiest person when it comes to beds!). The location is right next to London Bridge station (underground  trains), but the room was surprisingly quiet, and we could not hear any trains. Breakfast was fabulous and provided a wide range to choose from. We paid a nightly rate of 拢85 for a twin room booked over the internet. This included breakfast and all taxes. The place has a swish, new feel to it (I think it is only a few years old) and the whole experience was very pleasant. In my opinion it's cheaper and smarter to stay here to see central London than to stay in trendier areas north of the Thames. Would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LBDA
<Content>The Best Hotel we've used in London! I stayed here on 7th October and was extremely pleased with my choice.Having stayed in many other London Hotels, The London Bridge Hotel, was the best by far. The decor was new,clean and fresh and the rooms were very modern, well equipped and a good size.We had a problem with the Plasma TV in the room and after mentioning it to the Concierge, the quickly had somebody to fix the fault.The staff we all very polite and friendly.Our booking included a Continental Breakfast which was very good with plenty of choice.The hotel is in an ideal location if you are planning on using London Bridge Station and the Underground - directly opposite the entrance!I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting London in the near future.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>TeaAndToast
<Content>Nicely refurbished, very handy location The location is great, opposite London Bridge tube and 5 minutes walk from Borough High Street, where there's a great food market. Another five minutes and you reach the riverbank where there are loads of nice restaurants and the Tate Modern.My room was small but very smart, the bed was comfortable, and the shower was great. I liked the flat screen TV but wasn't impressed with the range of channels. Also, the room service breakfast was only average. There was an up to date Time Out London magazine in my room which I thought was a nice touch.There's a free fitness first gym on site which I thought was good. The reception staff were pleasant and courteous which isn't always the case in London, and there is a concierge to order taxis etc.I would stay here again but maybe skip the breakfast.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Cutesuze
<Content>Can't Wait for next trip As always a very friendly, helpful welcome, changing from a a twin to a double was no problem on arrival.It is always a pleasure to stay in this hotel - however, it would have been helpful had breakfast times been posted clearly, or explained clearly when we asked. Internet access is a bit on the expensive side at 拢3.00 for 15 mins - we went to one up the road and paid about 拢1 for 30 mins :)Other than that, great rooms with quality furnishings, discrete maid service and a superb concierge.Looking forward to our next trip!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>BB01
<Content>Excellent service, friendly and accommodating Extremely helpful and efficient reception service. Friendly and accommodating staff. Clean and well equipped rooms.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>esmee
<Content>really nice and relaxing place!! We stayed here in the weekend from 6-8 oct. and we just loved it. My boyfriend e-mailed the hotel in advance because he was arranging a special weekend for us en we immediately got an upgrade to the topfloor in a superior room. The bed is really comfortable en so is the rest of the room! The breakfast was good, but next time I would include an English breakfast (this time we had Continental and didnt't have access to the egg's specialties etc.) The location is fantastic, the tubestation is just around the corner and so are the buses and trains (e.g. to Gatwick Airport). The staff is great and they were really helpful when we tried to figure out the times for the train to Gatwick. This hotel has a really warm atmosphere and I think an hotel like this is really hard to find in London. We will go again soon!!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lisabright
<Content>Loved this Hotel We were very happy with this hotel, on arrival we were told we had been upgraded to superior which we were very pleased about. I asked for a quiet double non smoking room and it was everything we ask for. The room was a lovely size the plasma tv was a great touch it has sky sports so my partner was more than happy. With our waffle robes and slippers and all the little touches it was well worth the stay. We used Veneere and paid a bargain of 拢90 a night. Good location just by the tube and rail Breakfast was very nice we had continental included and that was all we needed a great selection.The staff were very pleasant and helpful, we have already booked to go again.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>gremlin82
<Content>Hidden gem Booked this via Hoteldirect.co.uk and were stunned to find such a lovely hotel virtually hidden away up a side street.Were going to Shakespeare's Globe and the Old Vic and this was a perfect location for us. The Borough Market is fantastic for a wander about.The general location is not sparkling but once you enter this oasis you can forget you are in London.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>txfrekles
<Content>Great hotel, great location, great value! Perfect location for our stay in London. We booked the room through Simply London and got a great deal. They were renovating the lobby, however, it wasn't any inconvenience to us as the staff seemed to go out of their way to accomodate our needs, especially the concierge. Quick walk from the rail station as well as ease in catching a London double decker tour bus on the level below the hotel. Room was very clean, modern and beds were comfy. The flat screen plasma TV was an added bonus as well as the AC was a welcomed amenity. Our room didn't have much of a view, but that didn't matter as we weren't there to view out the window but to get a good night's sleep, which we did - several good nights sleep!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>boltonbee
<Content>Perfect! We loved everything about this hotel. The concierge staff was extremely helpful and friendly. The location was ideal: we were just down the block from the Borough Market and the London Bridge tube stop. The rooms were beautiful and the beds were comfortable. The breakfasts were delicious. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>veerona
<Content>hotel lovely Great location, plenty of wine bars and restuarants nearby. Hotel lovely, concierge desk helpful and friendly. Will definately stay again.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	3	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Aspirin
<Content>Loved The Service I stayed in the London Bridge Hotel which is in Bridge Street London in September 2006. I found that the value this hotel gave for money was good. The attitude of the staff was as would be expected - that is very attentive, helpful and polite. Not overpowering.Our room was of good size and the fittings were modern and spot on. The level of cleanliness was excellent. It is to be hoped that the management retain such good people who clean.Breakfast has to be seen to be believed. Quality, variety and also quanity could not be better for the money.I can easily recommend this hotel and will certainly be staying there again and give a score of 5/5 on each point.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Natalie-UK-USA
<Content>Great value. Stayed here for a single night and was suitably impressed with the room and service; although the concierge could have been a little friendlier. The room was upmarket, with quality furniture and a good-sized bathroom. Well-located for tourists - close to the London Bridge tube. Good value for an expensive city like London - I noticed the price I paid on-line was less than the room rates offered by the hotel itself - might have to do with special offers over the weekend. Did not pay for breakfast - rather expensive and plenty of other options. Would definitely return to this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CHIR
<Content>Fantastic weekend We stayed here for three nights and found the hotel to be everything the reviews said it was. Staff were helpful and polite, the room was very modern and spotless. Furnishings throughout the hotel were in first class condition and modern also. We hardly noticed refurbishment going on in lobby. Breakfast was excellent with lots of choice. Location was ideal for exploring London by tube or bus. We would recommend this hotel highly and would not hesitate to use it agan.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chrismag
<Content>great hotel great location hotel as good as other reviews say, great staff, very clean, continental breakfast fine we upgraded to full english for 拢4.50 per person good value. will stay again on next visit  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lynyc
<Content>Loved this hotel Stayed at this hotel from Sept 6-10 and we loved it. The area is very well-located. Walking distance from the tube and several restaurants (even Mc Donalds...if you're craving for fast food or just want a cheap lunch/dinner). Breakfast in the hotel was also good. Our room was just like the candid pictures that someone else took. The bed was very soft (I prefer it to be not so soft but it was still comfortable) and the bathroom was clean and nice. We would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lenaseddon
<Content>A City delight It was a delight to stay in this Hotel, the staff was pleasant and accomodating. The room was spotless and very comfortable larger than we expected. We had a problem with the safety deposit box, but within an hour of reporting this to reception it was repaired. Although the Dinning area was a little small for the size of the Hotel the food was excellant, again the staff was very polite and obliging. We also thought the site of the Hotel was ideal for traveling around London as the tube station is situated just around the corner, also it is only a short walk to London Bridge, and the Embankment. We will definitely stay at this Hotel again,we would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TRPWORLD
<Content>good place to stay to see the east side of London we stayed between Sep 8 to 10. the location was great, right next to the London Bridge train station and Tube. close to the Borough market where we got fresh bread and wonderful cheese. lots of fresh produce also.the bathroom was very small. we had a room with little round window on the 4th floor. the window gave us more privacy, but since we are next to the train tracks, we can hear the wheels squealing when the train goes by.room is very modern. lots of lights. one free bottle of water per day, we got 2 bottles for 2 nights.we also stayed at the Rembrandt in south Kensington. i like that hotel better. but if you want to explore the east side of London, this is a great place to stay.I would stay there again. paid 80 pounds per night.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>readarama
<Content>Fantastic Stylish hotel in a brilliant location This hotel was absolutely amazing and I would highly recommend to anyone wanting a reasonably priced but top class hotel. Placed near a selection of london transport links but once in the room you would not be aware of this. The hotel easily matches the 5* hotels I have stayed in.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shaw4847
<Content>A lovely weekend Our stay was most enjoyable. The rooms were comfortable and very clean. The staff were courteous and friendly. English breakfast was delicious and certainly set us up for the day! Have stayed here twice already and would certainly return again.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>VS1
<Content>Excellent 5 star hotel, super location! Found this hotel on internet, great weekend deals and brilliantly located next to London Bridge Station, easy access to all major attractions. 5star quality for decor, rooms and service. Hotel open 24hrs, rooms were stunning, all mod cons available - had a fantastic stay and breakfast was included in the price - definately would stay again. If you are looking for a luxurious hotel in the heart of London, this is it!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LondonTrotter
<Content>A very nice hotel, great location A great place to stay and i would certainly choose the london bridge hotel for my next trip to london. The rooms (i stayed on two different occasions) were clean, the staff helpful and friendly, the continental breakfast was sufficient and they even had a nice fruit salad (made with fresh fruit, not the tinned kind), which was a real treat. The only suggestion i would have with regard to the rooms (and the reason why i am giving a four-star and not a five-star rating) is that they check the mattresses (i am specifically speaking of room 316). The bed had two mattresses and one, i guess the side preferred by most guests, was very noticeably worn out. I did not mind as i had the bed to myself and slept on the other side but it would not have been very nice if there were two people staying in the room and one of them would have had to sleep on the worn out mattress.But besides that, the london bridge hotel is great value for money (i paid about 70 GBP per night incl. continental breakfast, booked at Skoosh), the location is certainly second to none, the surrounding area is not a hotel hell as you would find in areas such as around earls court or paddington station and everything you need (shops, restaurants) is within easy walking distance.  Also, getting to the hotel from gatwick and city airport is a piece of cake. For those arriving from city airport, the best and stair-free way to the hotel is to use the borough high street exit (use the escalator exit to reach street level, the other exit would have you on the wrong side of the road), turn right when you leave the station and the second road to your right is london bridge street.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Paulyt
<Content>Great time Stayed in the London Bridge hotel for a short break and having read all the rave reviews on Tripadvisor I was really hoping not to be dissapointed by expecting too much ..... well ...... I wasn't the hotel is really that good . First off its very central ,its got friendly staff , lovely decor , rooms are nice if a little on the smallish side , also very quite and reasonably priced.One word of warning we tried the malaysian restaurant next door and weren't that impressed the helpings were small . The borough market is well worth a visit and the Kings Head pub just around the corner is your traditional English pub footie on big screens and all the beer and peanuts you want .  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>cubincave
<Content>WOW what a hotel....       Main Room  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Huw
<Content>A hotel that understands customer care This is quite simply a hotel that understands the value of customer care and obviously puts in time and effort on staff training. The results are demonstrated in the reviews - this is probably one of the most favourably reviewed British hotels on this site.I stay in London a lot - both pleasure and work - and this is the best I have come across in terms of value, service and overall ambience.The location on the south of the river is an added plus - Southwark and that bit of the Embankment is a real gem in London. And the fact that Thameslink and London Bridge Underground is adjacent to the hotel means that anyone coming from the South Coast or North of Watford can access this hotel more easily than those situated in Bayswater or Gloucester Road.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kwaker5
<Content>Great again! This was our second stay here and I wouldn't stay anywhere else in London.The rooms have all been refurbished since last year, and they look great. The breakfast has also improved slightly (although there wan't much wrong with it before), although bigger glasses for juice would be welcome!Only a few seconds from the underground, Borough Market and the footpath along the Thames. Only 10 mins on the tube to Bond Street.Plenty of places to eat nearby and small grocery shops/newsagents if you want to avoid using the minibar.Why stay anywhere else?  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Niccig
<Content>Wonderful Experiance Me, my fiance, sister and brother-in-law have just returned from a weekend stay at the London Bridge Hotel. The booking was made by telephone direct to the hotel for 2 standard double rooms and at 拢99 per room per night (which included a full english breakfast) we thought this was very reasonable for London prices. When checking in we were lucky enough to be upgraded from a standard double to a executive king room. The room was wonderful, a modern contemporary style, which was comfortable and relaxing with a king size bed, plasma TV and a beautiful big bathroom with a heated floor and mirror. The breafast was great, really set us up for the day. We never tried the resturant so couldn't comment on ths.The location was excellent just a hop skip and jump away from The London Bridge underground station and a few hundred yards away is the Thames, Tate Modern and of course London Bridge. This hotel is a must. My fiance and I enjoyed it so much we have booked up again and incorporated it into our Honeymoon.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>johnnypitch
<Content>Great Hotel I had a weekend break in London recently and stayed at the London Bridge Hotel for the first time. The hotel was wonderful - the staff were friendly and helpful, the rooms were beautifully maintained, the food was smashing and the location was perfect for exploring London. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lyndsay8812
<Content>Great Weekend!       bedroom  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jack56
<Content>London Bridge made our London experience We have just returned home from the UK where we spent our first three nights in London. We were very fortunate that thanks to reading reviews on this site we chose The London Bridge Hotel.Firstly its location is fantastic. It was easy to find and a great central location from which to see the sites. Local shopping was great with The Borough Market and several pubs within 100 metres. The underground, which is such an efficient system of transport in London, was even closer and many attractions including The Tower of London and The Tate Modern Gallery were within easy walking distance. We were even able to walk home along the Thames after a night at the Savoy Theatre.The rooms were very well appointed with the beds being large and very comfortable and the large flat screen television was great. Breakfast each morning was something to look forward to and the staff were extremely courteous and helpful. I feel I need to make special mention of the Concierge team who went out of their way to assist us, as visitors to London, in finding our way around with shopping and booking cabs, theatres etc.I thoroughly recommend The London Bridge Hotel and we will definitely stay there next time we are in London. Excellent value for money  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RedSteve9981
<Content>Amazing, even without the free upgrade! Stayed 10/6/06 (10th June 2006)       Free stuff  a great view when it's not dark  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>just_chrissie
<Content>The best hotel in London? I found this hotel about 18 months ago whilst surfing the internet for suitable accommodation in south London. I loved it so much, I have just stayed there for the sixth time.The hotel is excellent value for money (check out internet booking agents for good deals, especially [----]); staff are always friendly, helpful and welcoming; the accommodation is clean, modern and comfortable with many additional extra features including CD player, bath robes, slippers, nail care kit, bottled water... I even had a dish of apples!The hotel is perfectly located for the railway station, underground station, bus station, taxi rank and within easy walking distance of the South Bank and its many attractions.I haven't eaten in the restaurant, even though continental breakfast is included in the price, so cannot comment on that. However the room service menu does look to be quite interesting.I'm now planning my seventh visit.Would I recommend this hotel? Yes! Is it the best hotel in London? I think so.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cornelius13
<Content>Enjoyable London experience, a real find I have just returned from a mid-week business trip staying at the London Bridge Hotel and as my normal Travel Agent is on holiday, (!!!) I set about trying to find the best deal myself. After spending (what seemed like) hours trawling through a number of different websites, I came across hotel Pronto. I was able to refine my search to show only hotels in and around the Barbican area, (which was where my meetings were taking place) whereas elsewhere I was being offered hotels up to 15 miles away!! The price also caught my eye, approx 拢80.00 per room per night which seemed very good for a 4* graded hotel with it鈥檚 location. I arrived mid-morning and although unable to check straight in, the helpful receptionist showed me where to store my luggage as I had to leave for my first appointment. After a long day of meetings I returned to the hotel and checked straight in. I had one of the standard rooms which happily exceeded my expectations. A decent size and in very good condition with no noise coming from the nearby station and busy roads. After a quick work out in the quaint but well equipped fitness room I headed into the West End to meet some old friends. Despite being 30 seconds from the underground station I fancied a walk so strolled along the South Bank up to Westminster and on up to Leicester Square. (A really pleasant walk on a Summer鈥檚 eve.) At the end of the night I took the night bus home which stopped just by the hotel and got back to my nice and quiet room. The bed was firm and comfortable but to be honest after the long day I had I probably would have slept just as well in the bath! Breakfast the next morning was a really good selection of pastries, fruits and cereals, (all included in the price) and check out was also a pleasant (hassle free) surprise. All in all, the booking process and stay at the London Bridge Hotel made this experience a lot more pleasant than the normal challenging and tiring mission. I will be definitely recommending Pronto to my Travel Agent (when she returns) and the London Bridge Hotel to my colleagues.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TonyCA
<Content>A wonderful stay My nephews and their wives and I stayed here in early July.I was very pleased with how staff handled my requests for my family on their first visit to London. Exempliary! Knowing that many stay here, I felt that we were special.It was hot but the A/C was excellent and the rooms were immaculate! The hotel's location is excellent, the tube is very close.I was very inpressed with a vey helpful staff that made our stay memorable.Will defintely plan a return.Tony, San Francisco, CA  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Norwich_Tractor_Boy
<Content>4* Hotel in Central London for less than 拢80 - what more do you want ? Stayed for a very enjoyable night at the London Bridge last weekend . We were down for the Grand Prix Athletics and had to get the train from London Bridge Station which is the reason we chose this hotel as it is literally 30 yards from the station . Booked through simply-London for the bargain price of 拢79 including continental breakfast . tried going direct to the hotel but the best they could offer was 拢99. seemed strange they couldn't at least match it but thats up to them.Check in was quick and smooth . Rooms were on the small size but had everything we needed (including a great big plasma TV !)and thankfully air-conditioning - a real bonus in the really hot weather . We even had a nice view of the london eye from our room .Only meal we had was the breakfast the next day . we only had the comtinental breakfast included in our room rate but there was lots of choice . wonderful fresh warm croissants were my favourite but lots of other stuff available.We left our bags there the next day after checkout which they were more than happy to look after.All in all a first class experience. definately worth the 4 stars  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kawai
<Content>Good Overall Experience We (adult family of five) stayed at the London Bridge Hotel in June for 3 days. We booked one of their luxury apartments : with 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, living room with a pull out, and kitchen. Our overall experience was good. On the plus side:Reservation staff answered all my e-mails, friendly and professional. (Thank-you.)Great location, if you plan to cook, the Borough Market is open Friday and Saturday and has a wonderful selection of food. Also a very good location for trains and sightseeing....lots! within walking distance. The apartment was very large, clean, and modern. Unfortunalty, due to the location, there is the sound of trains. We had some problems with the air conditioning.....the living room was very cool while the bedrooms tended to be a bit stuffy. (It was hot in London) One negative: The kitchen wasn't well equiped for cooking and eating...we had to ask for table settings and cooking pans/pots......what they did have was rather old and worn out. Would we recommend this hotel? Yes.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>beewax
<Content>Great Hotel  Have just come back from a weekend away at this hotel, although our stay was for only one night myself and partner both loved it and wished we had booked another night-especailly as we got such a good deal on the internet!The hotel is located right next to the London Bridge tube station or if you prefer you could walk over the bridge and get on the tube at Monuement. Check in was excellent,friendly staff and as our stay was to celebrate our forthcoming wedding we got a free upgrade! this was a double delux and it certainly lived up to its name. Bathrobes, slippers, plaza TV and my favourtive - 'White Company' toilteries.Our booking was for a continental breakfast which had a wide range of choice. The hotel did also have its own resturant whiched looked really nice however we headed to china town-on the guidence of the concierge who recomended the Royal Garden restuarant. Superb food!.Would definitley recomend this hotel to anyone who wishes to stay in a luxuary hotel,for half the price to those around leicester square and convent garden. Will definitley be booking this hotel again when staying in London.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>YorkBW
<Content>Comfortable and Convenient I scored a great deal for a weekend single in London in the summer (99 GBP for Fri, Sat, and Sun nights, English breakfast included). The hotel is excellent, very comfortable and in a great location. It seems to cater to business travelers, because my rate went up to 162 GBP for Monday night(!). However, it's an excellent choice for tourists on weekend stays.A train from Gatwick to London Bridge is 10 GBP and takes about 30 minutes. The hotel is only about 200 yds from the train station, an easy walk even with lots of luggage. The underground is in the same station, with easy access to the entire city. The hotel is within walking distance of several great sights, such as Shakespeare's Globe, the Tower of London, Vinopolis, the Monument, and the George Inn. A bus stop for the major sightseeing tour companies is also nearby. The Borough Market is a five-minute walk away; on Saturdays you can browse the produce, cheese, jams, tofu, etc., and sample some great food (I had an awesome ostrich burger here for lunch).The rooms are decent-sized by European standards, with comfortable bedding and air conditioning. High-speed Internet access is available at 10 GBP per day. There are flannels (washcloths) in the bathroom, which I find unusual for European hotels. There is no view. Street noise was not a problem during my stay, with the window open most of the time.The included English breakfast was very good. Served buffet-style in the hotel restaurant downstairs, it consisted of pastries, breads, and fruits, plus a hot bar with eggs, bacon, sausages, tomatoes, potatoes, and beans. Check your package; some guests only received a Continental breakfast (without the hot bar). I did not try the restaurant for any other meals on this trip, but prices on the menu seemed high. The pub next door (Borough Bar) was more reasonable and served good pub fare.Overall, I would definitely choose to stay at the London Bridge Hotel again. And at the weekend rate, it's an excellent deal.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Bridgit
<Content>Great hotel on the south bank I was in London on a business trip and my husband and I decided to extend our stay for a few days. We were originally staying at The Savoy for business but decided to move to The London Bridge Hotel afterwards because it was more moderately priced.We absolutely loved everything about the London Bridge Hotel. The hotel was clean, modern and new. The staff were friendly and knowledgeable. We loved the location because even though we did a lot of siteseeing in the main part of the city, we really enjoyed the walk along the Thames each night back to the hotel.There are lots of cafes, pubs and restaurants along the southbank area along with live theatre, music and museums.We actually preferred this hotel to The Savoy!This hotel is perfect for tourists and couples but I wouldn't necessarily recommend it for families.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly, Comfortable and welcoming Recently had an excellent stay in this friendly and comfortable hotel. The welcoming and efficient staff made everything go very smoothly and our room was lovely. The hotel is very handily placed for London Bridge mainline and tube and for the attractions of the southbank (Tate Modern, the Globe Theatre and Borough Market) all in easy walking distance, although it would be a good base for any visit to London. I've stayed in a number of well known central London hotels but this is the one I will return to. Very nice breakfast too!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>englishalan
<Content>Great Hotel on South Bank Found no faults in this excellent hotel which is convenient for the Underground and all the South Bank sites, not forgetting Borough Market!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>roma1734
<Content>Comfortable Stay What a pleasant suprise. Our stay at the London Bridge Hotel was effortless. The location ended up being a perfect fit to our needs. Located conveniently next to London Bridge tube and rail station, with immediate taxi availablity, made getting around London a snap. On first impression, we were initially unsure of the area as it is located in the oldest part of the city, but on further exploration, we found Southbank to be great for walks and exploring. Nice walk along the Thames and if there on Friday or Saturday, don't miss the Borough Street Market. The hotel itself has been nicely updated. Our room was a bit small, but well appointed with plenty of closet and drawer space. Ironing board and iron, hair dryer, and coffee and tea in the room. Bed was comfy, furnishings nice, linens good quality and fresh, and the room was well maintained. We did enjoy a World Cup game on the Plasma TV! Breakfast was delicious, ample, and great way to start the busy days. Staff was welcoming and always courteous. We have stayed many times in London, this was by far the best value for the price. Being in London for a family wedding, we considered staying in a major chain hotel with other family members, but booked the London Bridge Hotel for the location. Our accomodations were much nicer than the big name hotel and the accessibility is hard to beat. No disappointments in our standard room. Looking forward to our next stay at the London Bridge Hotel.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay - Will return. We recently stayed at this hotel and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The room was very clean and modern with a flat screen tv and a well stocked mini-bar. The staff in the restaurant were very attentive and the food excellent. The cost was very reasonable and we will be returning.This was the first time that I have booked a hotel over the internet and I was pleased that it was a good experience.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Graham24
<Content>Really good. My wife and I stayed here for a Friday night - it was excellent. The staff were really friendly (which I always think can make up for any shortcomings) - but there weren't any shortcomings. The room was spotless, very comfortable and with a rather good flat screen telly. Really handy - 20 secs from London Bridge tube (but airconditioned with soundproofing) , overall an excellent stay and would absolutley recommend it.There's a Malaysian restaurant too, didn't try it but it looked nice and you get 20% off food if you are staying at the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Style and Smile A family event in the area made the London Bridge Hotel first choice for accommodation,for position and to avoid the frightful anonimity of many chain hotels.We had one of three self contained apartments in a unit adjacent to the main hotel. Reception in the smart classical lobby was friendly and efficient and the ever pleasant Omar showed us to our apartment. There were two bedrooms, very comfortable  well equipped, one being fully en suite and large enough to swing a giraffe around if you were so inclined. A double fold out bed in the lounge meant six adults could live comfortably in this apartment. Even with the bed out, there was enough room for said giraffe to invite its friends round and practice long putts on the acres of carpet. Although golf clubs were not provided, the decent sized kitchen was fully equipped for any culinary exercise and there was a small dining area adjacent. The lounge boasted a huge multi channel LCD TV, DVD player and computer links, and each room had a hand controller for air conditioning. The general decor was varied  comfortable, with plenty of lighting options.A second bathroom took care of the needs of those who didn't get the master bedroom. Nature usually dictates a certain amount of contemplation time in a bathroom and I have come to use this time to assess my surroundings as a measure of how much a hotel really cares. I was amazed to find out the in-house maintenance team was responsible for the neatest fittings and fiinishing I have seen in a hotel. I know, I need to get out of the bathroom more. (But if you need your bathroom re-doing.......) The whole stylish effect was kept spotless  tidy by happy chatty Audrey, a sort of Caribbean feng szui practitioner without the serious bits, just right. ( I have experienced the opression of feng szui hotels which take themselves too seriously!) The hotel location is ideal for all transport links within London, and the immediate area is full of interest and vitalising regeneration, giving the riverside new appeal and buzz. We tended to eat al fresco while exploring so can't comment on the hotel dining experience, but if our apartment is a reflection of the hotel's philosophy you can enjoy comfortable style at reasonable cost.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent, but expensive Great service, helpful staff. Wonderful room, very comfortable and clean. Well-designed room with lots of light. The only strange thing was that the A/C couldn't be left on when we weren't in the room, so it was hot sometimes. Right near the tube and train station. Easy walk to other sites including the Tate Modern. Great restaurants nearby. Good weekend deals, but still expensive.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, great location I had the pleasure of staying at the London Bridge Hotel for 2 nights while on business in London. I check their website and got a very favourable rate. The location was where I wanted to be, within easy walking distance of wonderful landmarks, 25 minute walk (or 5 minute tube ride) to the office, and a multitude of pubs to choose from.The staff at the front desk and concierge were very friendly and helpful. I had to check out in the morning of my last day, but still had to go into the office. The concierge stored my luggage with no problems at all. Transportation to and from Heathrow airport is very easy, since the tube station is across the road from the hotel. Taxis are just as easy to obtain.Breakfast was a great start to the day. Andrea, the Breakfast Supervisor, always had a warm smile and friendly greeting. Very attentive, and yet not intrusive. I must say that another review said that the breakfast was not to be desired, but that was the highlight of my stay. Everything was cooked perfectly, coffee or tea was brought and toast was always available. The selection in the full English breakfast was as expected, and everything was cooked perfectly.If any fault could be found, the only thing I can think of is that I had to pay for internet connection. Some hotels that I have stayed at include this in the price, but the rate at the London Bridge Hotel was acceptable. You could choose between 3 hour or 24 hour prices.I have no problem recommending this hotel, and I look forward to staying there again on my next trip to London.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ldybg
<Content>great hotel Stayed at the London Bridge hotel last week. The rooms were modern in design (husband loved the plasma tv) and the beds were very comfortable (loved the down comforter). The hotel is very clean and the breakfast that we were served each morning was very good. The staff was helpful and efficient. We were with a tour group and sometimes, in the states, hotels have a hard time dealing with a large group and all the luggage. The luggage arrived in our rooms shortly after we did and so we were able to get settled before setting out for sightseeing. The location was within walking distance of the bridge and the station. We also walked back to the hotel after the Queen's Birthday celebration and enjoyed the walk down the Thames River and a ride on the Eye. It probably was only about a 30 minute walk, but we stopped and had dinner. The hotel was in a quiet neighborhood and we felt quite safe being out and about. I would definitely stay at the London Bridge Hotel again.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Rich_and_Marie
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic Hotel!!!! We stayed in The London Bridge Hotel for 1 night in June and wished we could have stayed longer.Everything about our stay there was impresive, the staff, the room and the location.The room was beautifully furnished-very modern and stylish and had everything we would have expected in a 5 star hotel (and it felt like a 5 star). The bed had the biggest, fluffiest white quilt and pillows on it that made us want to stay in and watch the plasma tv all evening.The staff were all very client serviced focussed (and I work in client service so can be quite picky about service), the staff on the concierge desk were always willing to help and always did so with a smile.The location was close to the underground so was not difficult to get to and as per the name, is right near the London Bridge and the Tower Bridge (which I always thought was London Bridge but I digress).Overall a wonderful stay and we will be staying here again on our next trip to London.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tighe
<Content>Very Nice We stopped there on the 27th May 2006, and the hotel is very good.We were upgraded for free to a double room on the top floor, on arriving, which was excellent.The hotel is very clean and the members of staff are polite, and speak OK English for EU workers. ( Do no Londoners work in London anymore???)The hotel is very close to National Rail Railway and tube lines but you can not hear a thing when inside the hotel, which is good for a night sleep.The rooms inside are very nice, with a very good comfortable bed, seating area, a refrigerator which locked by the hotel management (and you need to ask the reception to unlock the refrigerator.Local AreaThe Hotel is 5 minutes away (by Tube) from main areas of Triangular Square, London Eye etc, if walking a good 20 - 30 minute walk.The local pub is the Barrow boy and Banker- be warned the pub closes at 4.00 on Saturday afternoon. Alternative pubs are down the road (away from the Bridge), which stop open until 11.00 on SaturdaysOverall The Hotel is very clean  nice and based in a safe but quiet area compared to the rest of London.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great except breakfast I came into town at the last minute and so didn't have a reservation, I chose this Hotel as it was directly opposite London Bridge Station, though I had seen the hotels website prior to arrival and was quoted the same rate at the Reception desk as is advertised on the net.The Receptionist who checked me in was extremly polite and efficient. First impressions of the Hotel was good, the lobby was small but clean and modern looking.My room was standard size for London with a large bathroom. Clean, very modern, looks like it's recently been refurbished, with plasma screen TV, lots of draw space, a small seating area, photo of the London Eye on the wall, complimentarty bottle of mineral water. The bed was very comfortable (after I had removed all the extraneous and for decoration cushions). I was in a twin which was all that had at the last minute but that was fine.My room overlooked the station but there was no external noise. The room's A/C unit was quite noisy though.Full English Breakfast was complimentary with my rate but was of very poor qualty, rubbery eggs, undercooked bacon and there was no toast. The juices were also warm, not surprising as they're directly under the big lamps of the buffet. However the breakfast staff themselves were very friendly and efficient, I was seated immedietly and offered a pot of tea (This was very weak though)My only other complaint is that Housekeeping ignored the DO NOT DISTURB sign on my door and entered anyway, and when I did leave the maid rather aggressively demanded to know if she could clean it now.I should imagine this Hotel caters primarily for corporate clientel what with the proximity to the city and I see no problem at all recommending it for short overnight stays. Just skip breakfast.  
<Date>May 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overnight stopover Lovely atmosphere on arrival. Friendly helpful staff especially Omar at Concierge  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sue_15
<Content>Good location, helpful staff We stayed for a weekend at the end of April. I booked the hotel through an agency who unfortunately had only confirmed a double room when we needed a family room as we had our young son with us. The hotel reception staff were extremely helpful and luckily they were able to accommodate us in an executive suite. The room was large, modern and very clean. Despite being next to London Bridge Station the room was exceptionally quiet. The continental breakfast was buffet style and plentiful.Borough Road Market was one of the highlights of our weekend and just across from the hotel. I am originally from London so know it well and the hotel is close to a tube station so easy to travel around London. We would certainly stay at the London Bridge Hotel again.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>robsinclair
<Content>Good htoel in good location I have stayed in this hotel a number of times on business and it is a very pleasant place to stay. It is quite a small hotel and so feels very relaxing and personal compared to some of the larger chain hotels in London. The rooms are quite small though that is to be expected for a building of its age. The rooms however are always immaculate. Last time I stayed here they were in the process of renovating the rooms and I have to say if you stay you should request one of the modern rooms - they are really very excellent - the bathrooms are very clean and bright, the bedrooms colours are warming and the the furniture is top class including a wall-mounted wide screen TV!! If modern isnt your thing then they do still have some more classically decorated rooms which are also good. Breakfast is similarly good and relaxing given that the dining room is small and quaint - the food is fine as well.Although I stay here on business I would definately recommend it to couples/travellers/tourists etc as it is in a great location, right next to a station and only minutes walk from the river. Great value for money overall considering londons prices.  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ABHORSEN
<Content>Good Location and Very clean (new wing) We have just came home from a Easter weekend stay at The London Bridge Hotel. We stayed in an Executive Room in the 'new wing'. It was very clean and looked to be recently refurbished. It had a complimentary bottle each of still and sparkling mineral water replaced every day. The king size bed has a very firm mattress and is actually 2 twins joined together - you'd feel the join if you slept in the middle but there's enough room so this is not a problem.There is a large plasma TV with not many channels but Sky one and Sky sports and German mtv for some reason. We booked with a Continental breakfast which was sufficient for our needs.The hotel is right next door to London Bridge station. The hotel's website is not crystal clear on the location, so here's my tip: From the London Bridge Underground Station, follow signs for the London Bridge Main line train station on the upper level, then head for the exit between the London Bridge Bar and Boots Chemist, walk down the road past the 'All Bar One' bar, Fitness First Gym and then you'll reach the hotel.Others have talked about the nearby attractions but I would mention the 'Borough Market' which takes place on a Friday and Saturday. It has organic food and veg, olives, home made bread, cakes etc. - Not cheap but worth a visit. Check out visitsouthwark(-) for info on nearby places to visit, eat , drink etc. Also, don't forget to go for a walk on London Bridge itself for a great view of Tower Bridge and the Thames and to the area around 'Vinopolis' for a chilled out evening with a choice of nearby restaurants {Amano (Italian) Wagamama (Japanese)- both are recommended} and pubs too.The London Eye is a 15 minute walk from Waterloo station (2 stops from L Bridge)and definitely worth a visit. However, try and get there early (say around 9.30am) to avoid the massive queues for the tickets and thereafter the Eye itself.Overall, we had a great trip at a fantastic hotel and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jenialexis
<Content>Absolutely great place! We stayed at London Bridge Hotel over the Easter Weekend and I must say...I was extremely pleased with my stay.I know its hard to pick the hotel in the city you have never been to, but I trusted fellow tripadvisor reviewers and decided to take a chance. Sure enough - they were right! The location is superb, only 2 minutes away from London Bridge Underground Station and only one tube connection away from the airport. I must say, I wasnt sure if I should trust the Tube, but everything turned out fine.The Hotel looks brand new - everything is very clean. The staff was corteous, upon arrival we were instantly upgraded to an executive room. Even by US standards the room was nicely sized, but by european standards (and i did travel a lot...) it was huge. Once again, everything was clean, marbled bathroom was superb, flat screen TV brand new, complimentaly tea and coffee included, not to mention state of the art gym on the ground floor.As a surprise bonus - we discovered a local country market only few blocks away. Opened on Fridays and Saturdays it offered one of the best local produce I have ever tried. Milk, cheese, bread, meat...I can go on and on...The trip turned out great and I have to say the hotel was a big part of it. I highly recommend it to anyone.Cheers!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutley fantastic We have just came home from a weekend stay at The London Bridge Hotel. The hotel is fantastic, the rooms are a decent size with a lovely, comfortable king size bed. There is a large plasma TV with sky and some movies at an extra cost. The hotel is very reasonably priced and the english breakfast that is included was delicious. The hotel is right next door to London Bridge station (you can NOT here any noise from the station) but most things are in walking distance eg Tower Bridge, the Tower of London, HMS Belfast and the London Dungeons are in the next street. All other attractions are about a fifteen minute walk or a 2 minute tube ride. There is also a boat ride that goes from the Tower of London to Westminster,(were the houses of parliment and big ben stand.)The London Eye is just opposite Big Ben.All in all a great trip and a fantastic hotel would definitley stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable hotel with onsite fitness club Stayed here taking advantage of the good weekend rate of 拢99 incl. breakfast. Unfortunately it is a lot more expensive during the week. My room was very comfortable with full size plasma TV, and very nicely designed. Excellent comfortable king bed with duvet, small but nicely designed bathroom. Only problem I had was the heating didn't work. There is a Fitness First gym on site. The location is next to London bridge station, not the best of areas in itself, but handy for access to the rest of London by Tube.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>scrapsuzy
<Content>Would definitely stay there again Based on the reviews here we chose our hotel, and were very pleased with it. The location was great for being accessible to the trains and tube. The staff were very pleasant. We weren't able to check in early, like we had hoped, but were able to check our bags so we could head out sight-seeing. We didn't expect a large room, and it wasn't, but it was fine. The bed was very comfortable (and I'm extremely sensitive to bad beds). The continental breakfast was enough, so we weren't starting the day hungry.I checked all the different reservation sites, and ended up going with one that was recommended in another review... hotelsrus  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>killianobrien
<Content>Excellent London hotel in good location       London Bridge Hotel - bathroom  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>smart room excellent location My wife and I stayed for three nights at the London Bridge. We upgraded to an Executive room which was large, very well equipped ( massive super king size bed, mini bar, bath robes, slippers, complimentary mineral water, tea and cofee facilities, ironing board and iron and a huge LCD TV ) and tastefully decorated. Despite the proximity to London Bridge station the room was very quiet. The hotel has been refurbished fairly recently and all the public areas are smart and modern. We did find it a bit odd that to get to the so called exeucutive floor you had to use two different lifts and walk the full length of a corridor on a different floor!. Didn't bother us particularly but could be difficult for anybody with mobility problems. Access to the gym was equally strange. Didn't eat there at all so couldn't comment on the food.We would defintely stay there again if we wanted to be in that part of London  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>yohan99
<Content>A tight squeeze I stayed in a twin room. Unfortunately construction made the lifts generally inaccessible. The room was small, even considering the 'for London' factor. The heating in the room was not working and the hot water ran out, it was November. Staff was neutral and minimalistically helpful. Location was good, very close to London Bridge tube stop, saturday morning market close by.Altogether a bad value for the money. I would not consider it worthy of the star rating.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>......
<Content>Excellent as usual This is the third time we have stayed at the London Bridge Hotel and we cannot praise it enough. Superb location, reasonably priced,excellent rooms - we had the upgraded room - worth the little extra. Hotel concierge did a great job in organizing car hire. Why pay double for a run down hotel in Mayfair when you can stay here. Superb and the Georgetown restaurant is definately worth a visit.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>funnyvalentine
<Content>Smart Refurbished Hotel         
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>roaminintheglomin
<Content>Ideally located, clean and friendly We stayed in a double room on Friday/Saturday. The lowest rate we could find on the web was 拢90 per night for the room which included full English breakfast. We were warned that the hotel is undergoing refurbishment but we didn't encounter any problems during our stay on the second floor. The Hotel is very clean and the staff friendly and helpful. Its ideally located with a railway and tube station just across the road and the Riverside, Hays Galleria, London Dungeon, Southwark Cathederal, Tower Bridge etc a very short walk away. If you happen to be there on a Saturday try the food market next to Soutwark Cathederal for something unusual (We enjoyed the Rock Salt and Chilli fudges). A word of warning - the room we stayed in (224)is very small, the door to the bathroom is literally next to the bed. We assumed this was the standard size but as we were leaving we could see inside some of the other rooms which were much bigger, so we were either unlucky or room 224 is reserved for cheap internet deals! This is the only thing that prevented us from rating the Hotel as excellent.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BRADGIRL48
<Content>Excellent service We stayed at this hotel for 2 Saturday nights at the start and end of a Eurostar trip to France. The location is very convenient for Waterloo (2 tube stops, 10 minutes). I loved the hotel decor, which is modern and clean. There was excellent choice of food for vegetarians and a cheap supplement for an English breakfast. We found the staff to be polite and helpful. It's a nice size hotel, small enough to be personal, not like an airport. On the second Saturday we had a free upgrade to a larger room as the size of the original room was not what I expected and I had mentioned this in the feedback form. I also had a nice letter when I got home, thanking me for my comments. The manager had certainly acted on them very promptly. The area is quirky and different, with easy walking access to the Thames and Hays Wharf etc - great views from local cafes. It has lots of character. Room service food was delicious (spinach soup and hot bread AAAAA! for a weight conscious veggie, salad made to my specification, stylish version of fish and chips for husband). Lovely robes, huge bed, lots of magazines, great telly, tea making facilities.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Dutch Brother
<Content>excellent, stylish hotel This is clearly a four star hotel. We received a slight upgrade, to a larger than average queen-sized bed room. The room was delightful. The bed was very comfortable with a variety of pillows. The room had a living room nook with a sleep sofa (that we used and selpt well on), a nice large coffee table, a sitting chair, a plasma screen TV on a swivel arm so it could be viewed from anywhere in the room, and a well-stocked mini-fridge. The room also had a large walk-in closet and two lamps on swivel arms so their bright light could be focused right where you needed it (e.g. one person could be reading at night without disturbing someone else that was sleeping). The decor was modern and stylish while still being very practical. The service was very courteous, helpful, and well informed. The location is excellent, across the street from the underground and two blocks from one of the Thames River boat piers. There are plenty of restaurants and shops in the area, and the Hays Galleria is only two blocks away. I did not try the hotel restaurants as they looked too refined for our noisy three year old, but the menus were enticing and reasonably priced for the quality of dishes. For the price, I think this has to be one of the best hotel choices in London.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JDMAV
<Content>Good by noisy Poor service. Clean. Good Location. WE COULD NOT sleep FROM THE NOISE.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>AusinEurope
<Content>Best Hotel we stayed in Europe! I do not understand people bagging this hotel. We stayed in 4-5 star hotels across Europe in 6 countries and this was the best hotel we stayed in. The rooms were excellent (newly renovated), with excellent service, and the restuarant was absolutely world class. My son is a chef who was with us and he raved about it and even took photos of the dishes served. Some of the so called best 5 star hotels across all of europe did not measure up against this hotel. We gave feedback to the general manager while there and arrived home to receive a wonderful letter from him thanking us for our stay and welcoming us back anytime. When we go to England again I will stay here and will not even consider anywhere else.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>zilber27
<Content>The best we've had! London bridge hotel is a well and truly 4 star hotel. We got a very good deal from HotelsRUs.com. We spent 2 nights there in Sep 2005. The room and bathroom were very clean and modern. We got offered an upgrade to the cooked breakfast for 3 pounds extra but stuck with our inculded continental which was very satisfactory as well.The staff was very nice and approachable and even got us a room service breakfast when we arrived late one morning after the breakfast room closed at 10:30am.After the 4 star hotels we stayed in France and Italy this one was an unexpected nice surprise. The location is great too with river and tube and train stations nearby. This will be our hotel in London from now on.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>whistlingdixiejr
<Content>Perfectly fine Our stay at the London Bridge Hotel was very nice. The rooms are quite small, but adequate. The staff was friendly and the concierges very helpful with any kind of question. The location is good, steps away from the London Bridge railway station and underground, and walking distance to many Southwark tourist attractions. I enjoyed the breakfast buffet very much, especially the pastries. The only negatives were that it was hard to get ice for our room, there was no space in the minibar fridge to put anything of your own, and pressing the elevator call button resulted in an annoying high-pitched noise. But the room was quiet and comfortable. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kryfu
<Content>Great Location for exploring the area, 2 minutes from the River We got a great last minute deal from a discount website for a one night stay in early August this year.The rooms were spotless and well decorated and the staff were extremely helpful. The hotel is two minutes walk from London Bridge and the Thames Path, great for access to lots of attractions.Would definately recommend  stay here again if we could get another good deal.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mazza1977
<Content>Ok poor customer service When we arrived at this hotel, myself and my Husband got the sort of look that we wern't welcome don't know why, not posh enough. We stayed here for live 8 weekend. The room was very nice and seemed big, booked with the hotel direct. However our room was at the front of the hotel and were woken at 7am sat morning due to the dust cart, they also had out of date magazines placed in the room. The breakfast room was a very tight squeeze and were sat very close to other couples, we were not offered toast on the sat morn and then on the sun we asked and waited along time and I also found the staff very unfriendly The toilets downstairs were disgusting and looked like they hadn't been checked at all. I filled out the questionaire and later recived a letter to say that next time we visited we would be given a quieter room however I will not go back even though have been to worse in London. Then when we got back My husband discovered that he had been charged twice on his credit card, which took a few days to be paid back to his card and no letter of apology for that.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel I stayed at the London Bridge for two nights in August. I booked a great deal through EBookers and contacted the Hotel by email the day before to see if there was any chance of an upgrade. They resonded immediately to say request it on check in and they would see if they could do it. Well I asked on check in and they upgraded me immediately to an Executive Room. The check-in was quick, pleasant and efficient. The room, I felt, was alittle sparse and the bathroom was tiny, but the bed was HUGE and comfortable and the room was clean! I was in the new wing and it is a bit of a hike to get to it but as had a free upgrade couldn't complain really. Drank in the Borough Bar on the Friday afternoon and it was very pleasant with good service...in the evening it was PACKED. Ate in the Georgetown Restaurant which was good and food lovely if slightly small portions!!...Singapore Slings excellent. Although the Borough Bar is closed on Saturdays and Sundays there is a perfectly acceptable All Bar One next door that remains open. Transport Links fab! When you come out of the front of London Bridge Station where the buses and taxis are...turn left and the hotel is just down the road. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ablabl
<Content>Good Hotel but......... The hotel has a great location, the rooms were OK but a bit small. My issue was I reserved one rate and confirmed this upon check in. On check out they changed the rate and would not honor the lower rate. I would not sign for the charges, they charged my credit card anyway at the higher rate. Now I am fighting with my credit card company. Watch out for this hotel!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved the London Bridge Hotel! We stayed at the London Bridge Hotel for 5 days last week.We have travelled to London several times but the LONDON BRIDGE HOTEL was the best hotel we've ever stayed at. Location is great, in a lively area with a lot of small shops, pubs and small restaurants. Easy access to the tube, trains and bus lines. Our room was very clean and very well-decorated.The bed was huge and very comfortable.The room included a desk, small round table, chairs, television, hairdryer, ironing kit, safe, tea and coffee facilities, brochures/magazines, ...Continental breakfast was delicious.The only disappointment was that the access to the fitness club was not very clear and the sauna was out of service.But we will definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Zippy001
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed at this hotel on July 22nd. Using the internet, we got a good deal ($145USD) per night. From Gatwick, you can take the train and get off at the London Bridge station - which is much cheaper than taking the Gatwick Express to Victoria. The hotel is located just a few minutes walk from the London Bridge station. We arrived at the hotel really early (10:30am) and explained to the front desk that we'd really appreciate an early check-in because we'd just come off a long 9 hour flight from Dallas. The front desk staff were so helpful and not only gave us a room right away, but they upgraded us to an executive room for free! It's the first time we've ever stayed in a hotel where the room really did look exactly like the pictures they publish in the hotel's brochure or website. Our room was large with a huge comfortable bed and a fluffy white duvet, and it also had a couch which folded out into another bed. The TV in the room was an LCD TV which was on a swinging arm so you could position it to display in any part of the room. The room came with an ironing board and hairdryer, but also extra pillows, blankets, robes and slippers were supplied. And the bathroom was lovely and very very clean. The concierge was very helpful at giving directions and offering suggestions of places to eat and things to see nearby. We stay in London a couple of times a year and this hotel was by far our best hotel experience. We would definitely stay there again and we'd recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JJB
<Content>One of the best in London Spent 3 nights in London Bridge Hotel. Could have stayed longer. Beautiful interior decor. Bathroom is excellent. Rooms are on the small side (mine's a 'standard' without upgrade) but adequate. Ideal location for the tube and train, esp when Northern and Jubilee lines remained in good servce throughout our stay which was right after the bomb attacks.Breakfast is plentiful. The attached Georgetown Restaurant is nice, though not exactly cheap.If you use the tube/train to reach the hotel, please try to look for the bus station exit. It's closest.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Kaimanas_Mom
<Content>Wonderful Location, Watch the "New" Wing Stayed at the London Bridge hotel July 15-20. Flew into LGW airport and took the train direct from the airport to London Bridge station. The hotel was a short 2 minute walk from the main entrance to the station.Hotel was very nice. Lobby was a bit small, but charming. Concierge desk was extremely helpful. Even recommended a launderette for us to do laundry! It's location made it easy to reach pretty much anywhere in London via the tube or train. Our particular room was in the new wing of the hotel. By new, they mean, recently acquired. It was a nice size, with plenty of room for our luggage and miscellaneous goods we collected while in London. Bed was comfy, bathroom was decent. Our only complaint was that the maid service did not replace our toiletries everyday. Also, the new wing is very inconveniently located from the lobby. You have to get to the first floor of the hotel, walk to the end of the halway (as if you were looking for a fire exit!), walk up a short flight of stairs, then board the miniscule lift to take you to your room. We did find a short cut, taking the lift down to the ground level, where the gym is located, and exiting out to the street from there. We tried to get back to our room the same way, and were successful, except our keycard did not call the lift, as they claimed it would. Instead, we had to walk up that short flight of stairs again in order to call the lift to our 3rd floor room!Other than those two complaints, we were extremely satisfied with our stay. Our rate included the English Breakfast buffet and was well worth it. Can't beat the location of the hotel and it's proximity to the London Bridge station.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tiredbunny
<Content>very clean and smart - no headache Gorgeous decor inside, simple and restful.Temperature fine.Rooms very large size and the bathrooms are lovel.Stayed here twice and have no reason to complain about anything.So close to London Bridge train and tube station.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>snoopy647
<Content>Great location Stayed for 3 nights in May 2005 and found the location to be just great. It was so handy to have both the rail and tube station across the street. Because of the location we never needed the service of a taxi. Had read many previous reviews on this site which is why we booked to stay with them. The staff was friendly and helpful. Our room at the back was quiet and larger than many rooms you would find in Europe. Found the hairdryer and coffeemaker tucked away in the drawers in the desk and bureau. Our rate had the continental breakfast included which was just what we needed. Complimentary newspapers in the lobby. We would definatly stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice hotel Stayed here May 05. Very comfortable hotel. Friendly. No problems whatsoever (only comment would be walls seemed quite thin - we were in the new part of the hotel).Got a deal direct from the hotel of 拢109 for a Double Executive Room including full English breakfast. Breakfast was good - just the continental would have been more than adequate with a good choice.Good location for Southwarke market (excellent food/snack market, full of character), Globe Theatre, Tate Modern.  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Place to Stay In London, Brilliant Location Myself and my husband have just returned from a 3 night stay (May Bank Holiday) at the London Bridge Hotel. Hotel room a good size for a city location, immaculate, mini bar, nice en-suite etc, and the most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in. Service was excellent, breakfast excellent, we chose the continental but the full englishe looked great. We also went to the dining room one evening and the meal there was very good. One of the best things about this hotel is the location, literally 1 minute from the tube station. We will certainly return. A WORD OF WARNING though, my only grip would be the extortionate telephone charges, I was calling home to Ireland a couple of times and the bill was outrageous. That aside everyting else was great.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic London city centre hotel This is a gem of a hotel! I booked this hotel for my husband and I for a weekend break. The hotel is very comfortable and stylishly furnishedand the staff so helpful and the hotel is so clean. We got a great dealon the price from a hotel reservations website www.hotelexpert.cc their staff were very nice. Will definitely be using them and this hotel again when we return to London in the summer.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, Great Value I stayed for 1 night in March 2002. This 4 star hotel is located just next to the London Bridge Station on the busy street which offers excellent transport links - train, tubes, bus  taxi. The staffs were polite. The room (I booked twin room) was good size - not large but not small, very clean, comfortable,  the bathroom was also good size and very clean as you can just expect from any other 4 star hotels. But it was not quiet since my room was at the street side so I will recommend anyone who stay to request the room at the back of the hotel. I paid 60 pounds per night for a twin room which I thought excellent value (I booked at the discount rate from internet).Overall, I would say this is probably the one of the best hotel I have ever stayed in on holiday in terms of value  location.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>uvagrad
<Content>Great hotel We stayed at the London Bridge Hotel for 7 nights in late Feb/Mar. 2005. We got a great rate through the hotel website which included a full English breakfast each day. Given the horrible exchange rate right now for US $, that resulted in a significant savings for our family of four, since breakfast was so large that we were never hungry for lunch and so just ate two meals per day. The hotel is a very modern and clean business hotel. Our room was a superior/deluxe room on the fifth floor and faced the street, but it was very quiet. We had a queen sized bed and a fold out couch which our two boys slept on. The room was very clean, nicely decorated, and quite large for the price and in general compared to London hotel rooms. It had a huge walk in closet which was large enough for all four of our large suitcases to fit in --opened-- and for me to use as a dressing room. The location was great- the train went directly from Gatwick to the London Bridge tube stop, which is directly across the street from the hotel- again, saved us a lot of money in cab fare or the inconvenience of transporting luggage through a change at Victoria Station. The hotel is within walking distance to many attractions- the Tower Bridge, Tower of London, London Dungeons, Southwark Cathedral, Tate Modern, etc. (some are long walks but nice, along the waterfront) Free morning newspapers, a very friendly and helpful staff. I liked the ambiance of a smaller hotel as opposed to a huge hotel. We always got a cheery hello each morning and were warmly welcomed back each evening- it was nice to see familiar and friendly faces each day! One of my sons lost a baby tooth while we were there and they even wrote a letter from the tooth fairy to him!This is a business hotel located in a primarily business area and the only two downsides I would say as far as this hotel is concerned if you are traveling with children is that there are not a lot of child-friendly restaurants located nearby that are open for dinner with the exception of the George --which was great, very reasonable and had a neat atmosphere, it is an old coaching inn--and the usual chain restaurants in the tube stop (Burger King, Upper Crust, etc). Also, even my 8 and 10 year old boys complained a little about the fold out sofa bed-- it was more along the lines of a double bed sized cot-- I am sure that an adult could not sleep on it and it was pretty lumpy and uncomfortable even for pretty non-picky young boys. Fortunately, they were so tired each evening from the walking that we'd done all day that it was not a big issue! It would have been a great room for two adults as the bed was very comfortable and the room had nice seating area. The bathroom was very nice and roomy with a great shower/tub combination and like the rest of the hotel, was spotlessly clean.All in all, two big thumbs up for the London Bridge Hotel!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>baxi
<Content>Great Location and excellent service We stayed for 3 nights at end of Feb 2005. Room and in fact the entire Hotel was clean and well decorated. Our room, at the back of the Hotel, was very quietAll the staff were very friendly and helpful, we had the continental breakfast which had a great range of choices.Hotel is in a central location for sightseeing - right next to London Bridge Train and underground stations. Two good pubs to visit nearby are the George Inn and the Market Porter (next to Borough Market)We ate once at the attached Georgetown restaurant which had excellent food although slightly pricey. The only (very minor) disappointments were 1. that the literature in the bedrooms does not mention that the Borough Bar/pub next door is closed Saturday and Sunday and 2. the menu for Georgetown mentions a pre-theatre menu between 5 and 7 pm but it doesn't actually open until 6pm. Would recommend this Hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nandocom
<Content>Very good choice If the room costs less than 130 Euros, this one is the best choice in London. Excellent location. Near the underground. Agreeable treatmen and abundant breakfast. Forever my hotel in London.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hedgehog
<Content>Very pleasant We had a delightful time at this hotel. The room was pleasant,situated at the back, which I think was probably quieter but lacked a view! The hotel was easy to find and only a short stroll to the underground station. The only problem was on check out when we were going to be charged for a full english breakfat that we hadn't had.That aside everything else was fine and at an amazing 拢58.00 per room per night well worth having!! Would stay here again!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice hotel I have nothing to say but confirm other people reviews. I stayed there with 3 friends of mine last week. Hotel is clean, rooms are nice and well equipped (maybe a bit too small) and I liked the continental breakfast. Service is good as well: there was a misunderstanding with the reservation, but evertything went fine. We booked through HotelClub and got a very good price. Definitely an excellent value for money.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent hotel, poor service Myself and my girlfriend stayed at the hotel 27/11/04 for one night. We found the room excellent, very clean and modern, and very big. We did however upgrade to the superior room. The staff were not very helpful though, our TV was not working properly, so we called reception only to be told we should re-tune the TV ourselves, didn't work so called back and were then told it wouldn't work till an engineer came at the start of the week. Not very helpful! If you are booking this hotel try booking through their website as I got a special promotion on a superior room cheaper than most other sites were for a standard room.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Glenman
<Content>Good stay at the London Bridge I stayed two nights in the London Bridge Hotel at the start of November, while in London on business. Very good hotel, very pleasant staff. good breakfast and good rooms, a reasonable size for a central London hotel. I would certainly stay again if working in the same area.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything's good except the internet didn't work! My husband and I stayed here for 5 nights during the second last week of October 2004. Convenient location, clear and tidy room, and thoughtful in-room facilities, you have everything you need in a hotel room. I was very happy during my stay, but my husband was quite disappointed with the unconnectable in-room internet as he was on business. We reported the problem the 1st night and was told it would be attended by an expert the next day. Unfortunately the problem kept unresolved when we left. The mentioned computer expert was never available - everytime when we called for help the expert was either off-duty or was not around. We finally got a written reply from the hotel and was told we were the only hotel guests encountered such problem, so the possible reason would be the Firewall setting in our computer. Well, in fact we inactivated it when we'd found the problem the first night.The problem disappeared when we're back home, and we didn't have such problem using in the US, Canada, and even China. So if you are on business and access to the internet is a must - try your luck!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pspf
<Content>Business user recommended I was in London on business and stayed here for 3 nights because my meeting was close by. I was put in the new wing on the 1st floor and unfortunately this was situated above a bus stop, so it was a bit noisy, but the windows are double paned. Internet cost 10GBP per night- this was a bit expensive. English breakfast was included in the rate I paid 130GBP per night. The continental breakfast was quite good too. The room was newly decorated as was the bathroom. The room service menu was quite good. The jubilee line 5 stops from the station takes you directly into the West End.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed 3 nights for a long weekend, and after reading all the previous reviews we were not disappointed, yes the room was small, but it was clean, tidy and nicely decorated, if staying again we may upgrade to larger room. All staff were pleasant and attentive (including the Georgetown staff - if eating there the 'Singapore Sling' is a must).I was more than happy with the continental breakfast and the better half was happy to pay the extra 拢4.00 for the full EnglishIt was easy to get to all the tourist sites by tube, cab or on foot. We would definately stay at this hotel again and have no qualms in recommending it to anyone.* Was disappointed to find no tea/coffee making facilities in the room - until I started to unpack and found them in the top drawer!!!! - a clever way to keep the surfaces clutter free  
<Date>Oct 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel, good location The location is excellent, transportation, services, bars, restaurants and the City are all closeby. And not to forget Soutwark itself.The hotel is modern and well equiped. We were bumped to the very luxurious apartments nextdoor. A nice touch, since we booked a standard room at a competitive discount rate. (Hey, we're from Holland).Points for improvement are the hectic and cramped breakfast room. (But there's a food hall in the adjacent railway station.) And the hotel staff expects you to sign for a hefty deposit on the credit card on checkin.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! While studying abroad in Ireland last semester my friend and I decided to spend a few days exploring London and Paris (May 2004). The London Bridge Hotel was excellent and I'd recommend it to anyone! Our flight was delayed so we didn't arrive until just after midnight but the staff were all perky and extremely nice, a good thing to have after a while day stuck in an airport. The rooms were large in European standards and absolutely beautiful. They also had a great breakfast in the morning. The location was perfect too. It's yards from the Tube station (which may be a little loud, but not any more than other hotels) and it's right along the Thames bank. It was well within walking distance to many attrations including the Globe theater and the Tower of London. I really loved this hotel and would go back in a flash!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sudbury99
<Content>Clean, nice, and reasonably priced I am a business traveler, and this hotel is very convenient to the financial district in London (5-10 minute walk or take the tube, which is across the street). My room was old school London (small, somewhat dark, but clean and well kept). Bathrooms have been updated. My co-worker was upgraded to one of the newer rooms. They are definitely the rooms to be in if at all possible. They are large (with a king bed - a rarity in London!) and have internet access and a much better view.This hotel would be appropriate for leisure travelers as long as you are willing to jump on the tube to get to the main attractions. There is not much immediately around the hotel.Staff was friendly, though my contact was limited to the desk staff and doormen. I did not try any of the restaurants in the hotel.My only complaint is the mini-bar refiller person who entered my room even though the dead bolt was engaged (note to self...the dead bolt has no meaning when someone has a master key!).  
<Date>Sep 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value My husband and I recently stayed 5 days at this hotel. Although our room was small we were impressed with its cleanliness. The staff were helpful, the continental breakfast was great and the location was perfect. The trains nearby were a bit noisy during the day but we had no trouble sleeping at night. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel We stayed in the basic twin room on the 23 August 2004. On first entering this hotel we were extremely pleased at the politeness of the staff and how professional they were. The room was very clean and we found it perfectly adequate for what we wanted. We only had the continental breakfast but it was very good. Tube station was just round the corner so no long treks with the luggage.Overall I would recommend this hotel, only a 10/15 min tube ride to west end and attractions but far enough away from hustle and bustle to get a good nights sleep.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible Hotel- Don't use it pls This is a very terrible hotel. The rooms are ok but service is totally crap. We asked to pay a supplement for the traditional English breakfast. The Restaurant Manager came to say that if we were not satisfy with their breakfast, he would pay our breakfast outside and asked us to get out. He said that in a very very rude manner and claimed that we were not his guest but hotel's guest? He was also shouting that we should get out from his restaurant if we were not happy?!!!! Reported him to the General Manager but got no decent applogies. This man came to applogize with his manager but claimed it was not his fault. We were treated with no respect. Please don't use this hotel. There is a problem with the hotel's management.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The London Bridge Hotel was a good location for sight seeing We stayed in the London Bridge Hotel which was very nice and clean. The staff was helpful and any request was taken care of swiftly. A continental breakfast was provided and was more like a small buffet which was really good considering food prices in London. The hotel was located very close, across the street, from the tube station, the railroad station, and the bus station. There was a bus stop very close to the front door.There were several tourist sites within easy walking distance and many restaurants. I was not impressed with the food. I wanted to try English food but really didn't find much that was really good even in those highly advertised on the net. Food was very expensive and the exchange rate for USD to Pounds made it almost twice as much for Americans. If I visited again, I would probably eat at Burger King and the places in the tube stations.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An excellent London Hotel   showReview(2207532, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Valentine Break   showReview(1810149, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay at London Bridge   showReview(1722375, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do Not Use This Hotel - we had items stolen from our room   showReview(1666779, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good quality hotel   showReview(1621293, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Baekke
<Content>Great value for money!   showReview(1538372, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Location and great deal   showReview(1495630, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was decent   showReview(1495510, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First Class Treatment at London Bridge Hotel   showReview(1397491, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Maralen
<Content>Unbedingt Zimmer 106 - 112 vermeiden!   showReview(21708631, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>wi320
<Content>Die Lage war perfekt   showReview(21456412, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	4	3	

<Author>airbus38
<Content>Tolles und sauberes Hotel mitten in London   showReview(19747123, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Mordred22
<Content>Confortable et Design   showReview(14847985, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>seboo64
<Content>Vous ne serez pas d茅莽u !       SdB  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>cocogruby
<Content>Bel hotel avec des chambres bien d茅cor茅es   showReview(13208466, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Hotelkritikerin
<Content>Dieses Hotel war eine Katastrophe! Ich w眉rde leider jedem dringend abraten :o(.   showReview(12880877, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	4	1	

<Author>pelicanbelge_Namur
<Content>Excellent hotel   showReview(10735705, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fazzo
<Content>Quattro stelle meritate   showReview(8617760, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Maria_Ffm
<Content>Wundersch枚nes Hotel aber nichts ist perfekt.   showReview(8589725, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Chica3
<Content>Sehr gutes Hotel   showReview(8033178, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婇儴灞嬨伅銇傘伨銈娿伀銈傜嫮...   showReview(21802608, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Silv&Nico
<Content>ottima posizione - buon prezzo   showReview(7684832, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>heike28106
<Content>So genial nun auch nicht...   showReview(7184664, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉兂銉夈兂锛斻仱鈽呫儧銉嗐儷...   showReview(21802159, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MS00
<Content>Excellent H么tel en plein c艙ur de Londres au pied du m茅tro !   showReview(6532799, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>li茅geois
<Content>Excellent choix   showReview(6510335, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lourson
<Content>Magnifique   showReview(6358675, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RubyThursday
<Content>Jederzeit zu emfpehlen   showReview(6045322, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Agr茅able et bien plac茅, du charme   showReview(11349909, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

