<Author>orpwood
<Content>Bali tropic Resort  we are a party of 4 adults traveling to Bali Tropic resort  spa, via a 3 day trip to Singapore going and a 3 day stay at Hong Kong coming back.Singapore: beautifully clean, no jay walkers,tall buildings, friendly people, never felt intimidated when walking late at night, BUT IT IS EXPENSIVE, BALI Tropic Resort and Spa: from13th Oct 08 to 26th Oct 08temp: Day, 88-93f, night, very humid one night storm, and watched 1 sea stormafter reading some of the comments on this site we felt it may not have been a good choice, I'm Happy to report we found this place to be SUPERB, its not perfect (but its not far from it) from the first point of entry through the huge entrance hall to leaving 10 days later we had a fantastic time. we opted for the all inclusive and have to say in general it was worth it.The Place: situated in the Nusa Dua area, 30 min drive from airport, a huge entrance hall gives way to pathways taking you through flowery tropical gardens to the appartments, it is beautifully landscaped with a huge Hindu Temple, a good size swimming pool with bar, and a childens pool a 4 min walk takes you to the beach. We arrived at 11pm and went to the all night food/bar to have a well earned meal and a few pints of the local beer(very good)The Apartment: our cases, which are taken from you at the airport arrived right on cue as we observed our lovely spacious apartment, a double bed with tea /coffee facilitys, TV, table and chairs, and a mini bar/fridge, the next room had a good size bath, with a seperate shower cubicle, a sink unit and toilet, very good air conditioning, nice verandah with 2 chairs and sun loungerThe Staff : incredibly helpful (except one,more later) all staff are trained from school to get the best standards, jobs are hard to find so they are focused to give the service required or lose there job, the people of Bali are naturally happy and it makes for a lovely atmosphere, the only bad point is at the money exchange, the gentleman was a bit reluctant to let you have US Dollers due to the rates.The Food : WOW!! We was spoilt for choice, it was superb, an open buffet for breakfast had everything! from fresh fruit to freshly made omelettes, various local food as well.Dinner ; WOW!! open buffet with fresh fruit, salad,meat(incl beef surprisingly) fish, various noodles and local dishes(chicken is popular) in different styles and tastes each day.evening meal WOW!! the evening meals settings are moved around every night, from a view overlooking the moon'lit sea to a view of there impresive temple and the food was superb every night.Entertainment: this was one point that slightly let them down, they had a quartet that sang 3/4 nights and they were... actually they wasn't bad, singing with 2 guitars,a double bass and bongo drums they were pleasant to listen too, on two other night a balanese lady sang Jazz/pop/classic type love songs wonderful voice, they also had a balanese night which allowed them to sing and show local folk type songs and dance.also available was pool, a small putting green, a large draughts or chess board plus a wonderful Spa and massage parlour(I had a swedish massage and recomend it)the local beer was very good(free on all incl) but a decent wine was a bit expensive.The Beach : was clean, towels are provided free, there is some seaweed but a lot of this is cleared away early in the morning and it never caused us a problem, there are some pagoda's on view and you can get a local massage for 10 US dollers, there is various canoe's and boats available, free, and we spent many happy hours here.now if you want to get out for a walk its best to walk along the sea front, avoid going out on to main road as it can be quite busy and dangerous, we did venture out, turn left and find a small market 200yds up the road , plus on the opposite side of road if you turn left is a small shop, turn right and you have a long walk (45mins) into the local town with no or very little pathway, if you want to visit town go along the beach. we visited the elephant safari(brilliant) turtle Island(interesting)see local beach people. and the volcano incl a trip to see local arts and crafts, silver gold jewelery( money making trip for locals but you can get some interesting items) remember to barter whatever price knock of at least 40/50% unless your feeling generousI strongly recommend this place and hope one day to return.Hong Kong: street wise clean, but air polution is very bad.walking around is safe and tram/bus and ferry service are great value try to always carry small change as none is given, great bargins to be made at markets. well worth visiting the local parks as some have amazing aviarys and wild life  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>miloson
<Content>watch out for the mozzies stayed at eh bali tropic 4-16 nov. we had fab weather in the 45s, it was very humid and could be uncomfortable at times. the hotel was v clean rooms a good size we had a delux room with twin beds, the bath was masive and we had a separate shower room with a great shower head we had hot water all the time we were there.tea and coffee making facilities but you only get 2 coffee ,2 tea and 2 creamer. and 2 small bottles of water and sugar each morning. room is cleaned each day and towels are changed.mozzies get in the room no matter how hard you try and prevent it gaps through the gap in door and bathroom window.beach not too good lots of seeweed they have men clrearing it up but they just bury it and of course its back the next day.sea is warm but not inviting and it it roped off so you can only swim so far as the boats etc are moored there. the pool is v good but i did not see them clean it while we were there. the pool bar is ok but you can be waiting a while as only one serving. food v good plenty of choice and, sweets were also good. entertainment ok balinese dancers, fashion show and lady singers and men playing instruments.the lobby area is where we spent most evenings if you want a seat near the bar get there early otherwise you will be in the inside and it can get hot if its humid.there is nowhere to go at night in the hotel that is air conditioned that was our only complaint.trips can be arrange via your rep or see the taxi men but get a price first they charge different prices.we visited the volcano and paddy fields with our rep catra, but as soon as we left the car we got mobbed by the locals to buy, be firm and just so no thank you.that spoiled the trip as we did not stay long because we were mobbed. on the day you leave you have to leave the room at 12am then your band is cut off. you are allowed one meal and drink up to 2pm after that you have to pay that was somthing we was not told beforhand. there is a supermarket right from the hotel go there and get your drinks etc.those of you who smoke cigs were 12500 for 20 we got 16000 to the pound in the supermarket they were 9500.take pound sterling and change there you will get a better rate. they also take us dollar eveywhere. out of the hotel turn left walk past the melia and you will find a market barter and you will get good prices as we did.if you need any more info contact me  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>SW-ENGLAND
<Content>Lovely Hotel - So Traditional If you want to do nothing 24/7, this is the place to stay.This was our second visit to this hotel, the first time was 2 years ago. Nothing had changed and we were remembered by the staff. It was like going home.The atmosphere of the hotel is very calm and peaceful. It is very traditional, bring the balinese culture to life within the hotel with it's large temple and ceremonies.The staff work really hard and genuinely look after the guest's every need.The rooms are beautiful and clean. We had a deluxe room, it was large and spacious with a king size bed, which had drapes all around it. The air condioning was working constantly, which was appreciated as it was really humid at this time of year.The rooms are in blocks of 8, 4 on the ground floor and 4 above.They are set amoung beautifully kept gardens, full of exotic flowers and trees.The food was buffet style and generally very good, although the I didn't enjoy the traditional nights. Breakfast and lunch was always good. However, they did have a restaurant/bar that was open 24 hours, and you could eat in there when the other restaurants were closed.Entertainment was minimal. There was usually a duo or quartet playing during dinner, or some traditional dancing. Then the singers would come into the lobby bar after and play till about 11pm. After that we just sat and chatted to other guests.I would not hesitate in returning to this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rubling
<Content>Amazing place and will be back again!! My wife and I are newlyweds and went to Bali for our Honeymoon and we just didnt want to leave!! The rooms are lovely and got the facilities that we needed! The all inclusive package covers loads of drinks and food and some watersport activities.The staff are fantastic and will want to help you as much as possible. One recommendation is not to use the Kodak printing place opposite the resort. Wait until you get home to print your pictures as you will be wasting your money due to the photo print quality being very poor.We will be definitely be returning to the resort and will stay for a month as sight-see as there is a lot to do outside.Enjoy!!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lsweden
<Content>lovely rooms Bali tropic is located on a lovely beach, but still not soft and white sand as I expected.The pool was nice but a little bit datet.They had a sunken poolbar who wasn't open for very long. And the biggest dissapointment was that they could not make any good alcoholic drink that was good.The rooms very lovely with ensuite bathrooms and very clean.A wonderful beautiful lobby and the personal was friendly but their english was pretty poor. But that was not a problem.The spa was very nice but very expensive but I tried it out anyway. It's more the feeling than what good it does for your body, the footbath meant a scrubbing for 1 minute a foot. The hotel was not full and I only saw about 3 children during my whole stay wich was lovely. No I love children but don't want that nocie around me when I am on a luxurus relaxing holiday.The biggest dissapointment and the only dissapointment for this hotel is their drinks and food. The breakfast was lovely and thank god we didn't take their all inclusive and have to eat their lunch and dinner every day for 13 day. If you eat there occasionally it's okay but the food is the same every day and the drinks we had at another restaurant near by since they were disqusting.But I will return since it was nice and clean. But because of the food and drinks we will not take the all inclusive this time either.There is shops close by the hotel and you can walk up to tanjung benoa to find markets and small shops all the way. There prices are a little bit higher than in kuta, semiyak etc.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	5	2	

<Author>divingdiva
<Content>2nd trip in 4 months! Having visited Bali Tropic in April this year, we already knew we wanted to return. After lots of discussion, we actually cancelled our trip to Cambodia in August so that we could go back to Bali Tropic instead.We wondered whether we had made the right decision as we have always said Never Go Back but in the event, it was the best thing we did. Admittedly it is only 4 months since our first visit but I was so amazed that the staff remembered us and were so pleased to see us again.On our last visit, we had looked at different rooms and decided which ones we liked and once we knew that we were going back, I emailed the Bali Tropic with these room numbers. We were given one of the better rooms which was great!We found the climate almost better in August than April. The temperature was the same but much less humid which was much more pleasant as the heat was a dry heat and you did not feel so exhausted walking around. In addition, we suffered hardly any mosquito bites but we aren't sure if that is because there was less humidity or because this time we did not have water features close to the room.Diving was great, we found the seas less rough in August and the vis was amazing. If you want any info about diving, please feel free to ask.Food was as good as we remembered, maybe one or two meals were not quite up to scratch, but in the end who cares? It's a holiday anyway! We used the A La Carte option several times, but beware that in the evening, A La Carte ends at 18.30 and does not start again till 22.00 (after the buffet has finished). This is fine if you have had a long day (as we did when we dived at Menjengan Island) but otherwise it can be quite late to eat.Most of the guests were Brits or Russians this time, so no problems with getting sun beds on the beach or around the pool which was much better than April.Really can't recommend this hotel enough, the staff are really wonderful and nothing is too much trouble. We are now hoping to return next year to celebrate our 30th Wedding Anniversary and renew our vows with such wonderful people. I hope this review helps but if you would like further information please do not hesitate to ask, I will be glad to help.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lizardflower
<Content>great holiday We arrived at the bali tropic to be greeted with drinks and warm towels. The lobby looked luxurious and exotic like the rest of the resort. The deluxe bungalow was spacious and clean, really lovely and relaxing. The staff were helpful and always greeted guests with smiles. The food was lovely, plenty of choice both on indonesian and international dishes. Every night there was entertainment, either balinese style or western. The beach was good, not the best we've seen...but not the worst nonetheless. To sum it up, we loved it...we would definitely recommend it!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>simkritikhols
<Content>Love the Bali Tropic We have recently returned from an excellent stay at the Bali Tropic Hotel in February.Our overall impression of the hotel and staff were excellent. The rooms, and we had deluxe bungalow, were second to none. The spaciousness of the rooms was certainly above average and the cleanliness was first class.We loved the fact that the hotel was very Balinese in style and we truly felt we were enjoying the full Bali experience. The food, and we were on all-inclusive basis, was great and we would not have a complaint worth mentioning. Not being foodiesas such, we found the choice excellent... Breakfast was always well presented and hot with a multitude of choices.Entertainment may have been a bit thin on the ground, but if you are looking for a full programme, maybe youl should be looking for something more in suiting to your tastes.We spent most of our time during the evenings around the hotel and I find some of the comment from others probably being quite correct, the only place on an evening would be around the lobby bar where the seating could be a bit hard to find... Overall, it was an excellent hotel with great facilities.We heard that it was probably better to experience spa treatments outside the hotel for a far more reasonable price, but to be honest, the spa treatment we had was excellent and great value and something we would highly recommend. Saves all the hassle of having to be picked up from the hotel and travel outside the hotel... why not use the facilities on site was our thinking.The hotel was a great choice and something I would highly recommend to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>laybrooklady
<Content>fantastic hotel-wonderfull holiday       pool area  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Achim-Bonn
<Content>Super hotel, lovely grounds and great staff friendliness.       beach  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>pchhachhia
<Content>Worst Place Ever!!! Oh my goodness, there really aer some very generous reviews on here regarding the Bali Tropics and for some to describe it as paradise, you have not lived have you!!!I FOUND IT TO BE DISGUSTING AND NOT AT ALL PARADISE.What can i say about this place, except that i found it to be disgusting.The resort itself is behind closed doors off a beaten track were most of the resorts are. Once inside the reception area is huge, very temple looking. The area is very much built up with villa type rooms, all adjoining and built to at least 2 stories high.There appear to be 6 Royal Delux Bungalows, at the top of the resort, they are nestled amongst the other rooms, it is in a block or 3 with 3 others on top. Dont get me wrong most of it is made from stone and marble, the Royal rooms are very spacious with a free standing marble bath large enough for two and a wet area as a shower.A balcony with a settee and bed type thing, which overlooks the standard rooms, its so built up and heavily populated with trees etc its like a council estate with flats and tropical trees!However it stinks of sewage near there, so if you dont mind the stench, you will be ok!There is a TV with foreign stations, nothing worth watching.The resort is extremely popular with Germans, its full of them to be honest and all they seem to do is sit at the swim up pool bar and drink all day.The resort boasts a 24 hour food and beverage place, but they only seem to serve food between 3:30pm and 6:30pm and then from 11:00pm until 06:30am.Breakfast is 7:00am until 10:00am, Lunch, 1:00pm - 2:30pm and evening meal at 7:00pm - 9:30pm at various locations in the resort dependant on weather.Food is absolutely diabolical. The al a carte menu which you can only have in the Cempaka Bar between 24hrs above consists of instant mash potato with steak and overcooked veg, hotdogs with relish, hamburgers with relish, frozen french fries, spag bol (disgusting) and Pizza Margarita and Funghi (the worst pizza ever with a frozen base, tinned tomato thrown on top, grated stringy cheese and the toppings which were all from cans or jars).Certainly no where near al a carte, more al a chavfood!The food consisted daily of warm fruit and salad, i mean if you think chopped up tomatoes is satisfactory, a bowl of lettuce leaves, roast potatoes, pork, mini beefburgers, chopped chicken, fish (which was ok), rice and soya chilli sauce, well then you are mad.If i could have got a flight home, i would have come back. If you are veggie like me then there is nothing for you to eat except the cheese pizza or tomatoes and lettuce.I am not a fussy eater and i do eat fish but 7 day and nights on the trott kind of puts you off.The resort does not have any menus on the bars as to what drinks they do provide, i mean cola and pineapple and apple juice were all we had, untill i spotted someone have a Bannana Juice (milk, ice and an almost rotten bannana whizzed up together in a blender), which they only do at the sunken pool bar betweeen 10:00am and 5:00pm.They do a fruit punch non alcoholic which i found out about on my 6th night as i saw someone having one this was satisfactory.Mosquitoes are a nightmare in this place and do take repellant if you ever venture to Indonesia.We were misinformed that this resort was a 4* but no way was it a 4*, more like 2*.The beach is shared with all the other resorts and you have about 800 yards of beach before it is divided for the next resort. The beach is brown and not white, it is brown, the pictures in the brochure arent reflective of this, its no were as nice as the Maldives.Beware of the noise from the motorized watersports, it never stops at all therefore you get no peace and the beach sellers come and try and flogg you tat.It is also a flight path, so you constantly get overhead planes, but they are not noisy, just nice to watch now and again.Out of all the people in the resort (i would say less than 70 - they tell me they call that full) we were the only british people except two scottish couples, who were lovely.The rest were 75% Germans, 10% Italian, 5% Russian, 5% Aussie, 3% French and 2% Brits.To me it was a nightmare holiday, disgusting resort and place, would never go back to Indonesia and Maldives 4* or 5* here we come.If you have been to somewhere as luxiorious as Maldives then do not go to Indonesia, it is such a come down, or vice versa if you have been to Indonesia and want quality then go to Maldives.Good job that i am off to Maldives in April 2008.P.S The only good thing was that we had 4 days of 34 degrees temp and no rain until the 5 night and day were we began to have light showers and towards the 7th day it was cool, id would say about 28 degrees.Also take Indonesian Rupiahs and about $100 USD, they do prefer their own money, its best to take it as if you try and pay with USD you dont get value for money as you only get 7000 Rupiahs to the USD and 20,000 Rupiahs to the GBP, but at the airport you have to pay $25 USD for a Visa and upon leaving the country you have to pay 150,000 Rupiahs as departure tax, so beware (it works out at around £10).Horrible holiday in all!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	1	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Freckles1302
<Content>Great holiday hotel I too do not understand the negative comments. I thought this hotel was great value for money, lovely rooms and good location.The evening bar was limited for seats but the entertainment and food was moved around most evenings to allow some variety. Great rooms and friendly staff. I would definately recomend it.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	5	3	

<Author>auslaender
<Content>Great Sunrise Scenes! Situated along the 'Creme de la Creme' corridor of Nusa Dua with beautifully landscapes walkways along the beach front. A big relief from the Kuta belt of hassle and noise!Rooms are very nicely furnished with great bathrooms - though could do with a fan on the balcony. Breakfast is fine with a nice selection.The beach is one of the better ones for size along this stretch but you can't really swim in the sea as it is very shallow and seaweedy even at high tide!Great location for trendy restaurants and bistros especially in Bali Collection complex and nearby restaurant strip. Neither are exactly walkable but most restaurants have a free pick up and drop off service if you eat with them.Would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wragg
<Content>Wonderful Bali Tropic Hotel My husband and I have had yet another fantastic holiday at the Bali Tropic and I am at a loss to understand the negative reports on this site. We have stayed at this hotel on several occasions and have never received any bad or indifferent service from the staff. On the contrary the hotel’s staff has always gone out of their way to make our holidays memorable with their friendliness and kindness.As for the food, there was never any cause for complaint and the service in the a la carte restaurant was always efficient, I can’t understand why there are reports mentioning the slowness or rudeness of the staff in this area. Furthermore if there was nothing on the menu that took our fancy, the chef was always willing to prepare something special for us.On the evening of my husband’s 70th birthday, the hotel prepared a lovely secluded table on the beach for us to celebrate in style and gave him some traditional Balinese clothes to wear to make the occasion very special. I would also recommend the Spa and the treatments which are professional and very good value. The Spa has several private treatments rooms with outdoor Balinese baths and showers, heavenly!!We shall definitely return again and regularly recommended this hotel to our friends and family.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>larger-then-life
<Content>Mixed fellings but wont return This is our first time to Indonesia and although we enjoyed Bali we have mixed feelings regarding the bali tropic.The Roomwe stayed in a royle bungalow and the room was excellant except the airconditioning kept switching off and on during the night. Always a suppy of constant hot water and the room was very clean. Each room had its own water feture outside the balcony which looked nice but seemed to attract mosquitos.The BeachThe beach only looks nice when the tide is in and is not a private beach has dogs running about and beach sellers. when the tide is out its just a green mess with lots of local cockle pickers on it.lots of motor boat and jet ski noiseThe Barsyou can get a beer in a large glass, however soft drinks can only be served in tiny glasses not much bigger the a whiskey glass, there is no beach serviceThe RestrauntsThe hotel boasts a 24hr restauraunt called campaka however its only open 16 hours a day(work that one out!!!!) and it serves al a carte hot dogs burgers etcThe buffet meals sometimes was exceptionaly nice other days in was completly disgusting 3 times there was little ants crawling on the uncoverd salad (we ate out 6 times). meals can be repetitive and as most are done on the barbecue some meat is undercooked.breakfast is the best meal of the day with omelattes and toast etc, the chefs can be easily persuaded to do eggy bread for you.Hotel GroundsVery Nice well manitained with lots of birds and squirrelsHotel StaffMost of the staff are superb and offer good service however their was a large corporate group in our hotel and their needs were seen to first no matter who was first to be served.Other infomationseems to be on the approach and departure flight paths lots of low flying large passenger aircraft day and night but you get used to it.to eat out go out hotel front turn right 200 yds up nice restaurantor go to beach turn right just past Melia Benoa also a nice restauraunt  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	2	4	5	3	2	

<Author>HandG
<Content>Highly recommend My husband and I stayed here for 2 weeks for our honeymoon in July. We were greeted with a welcome drink and a face towel and given information on the hotel then escorted to our deluxe bungalow where our luggage was already waiting for us. Upon arrival in the room there were flowers arranged in a heart on the bed with a fruit basket on the table. After being in the room for 5 mins a member of staff appeared with a 'happy honeymoon' cake. It was the perfect gesture:-)The resort provides a free shuttle service to the nearby shopping centre in Nusa Dua. Taxi's wait outside the resort so there is always one available. Went into Kuta a few times and before we depart the taxi the driver always asked us if we wanted him to wait around for us, which on couple of occassions he did, and he was there waiting for us.Our tour guide left us with brochures on excursions, and he booked which ever ones we wanted and we'd pay on the day. We had a day out round parts of the island visiting the wood making village, silver making village, the semi active volcano, rice fields and various villages on the way. Went on the dolphin cruise, was picked up at resort about 6am, but it was worth it to see them in their natural habitat. Went to the elephant safari, which is def worth doing, you get to ride and feed them!Throughout our 2 week stay, we got to know most members of staff, especially the bar staff. We would turn up and they would know exactly what drinks we would have! They were really friendly and very helpful. They would do anything to accomodate us.All in all it was the best. We can't wait to return to Bali and the Tropic Resort.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TheScubaDuo
<Content>Great hotel, shame about the restaurant and bar...       Room  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Gingercrumpet
<Content>Loved it but needs improvement Stayed at Bali Tropic and Spa Resort for 3 weeks for Honeymoon. We did enjoy our time there and made many friends. We did love it but it did have a few knock backs which you will read later. The place is idyllic for a honeymoon as it's so laid back and relaxing. Not so good for people seeking fun and frolics. Lots of other honeymooners there as well as anniversarry couples. Holidaymakers mainly consisted of Canadian, French, German and of course English. As long as you're prepared to circulate, everyone is friendly and being English we made a few German and Canadian friends and as well of course, English. Be prepared for some rude holidaymakers of all nationalities and that includes us Brits, some ignore you when you say hello. Bizarre really as they should be happy that there in such a beautiful place! Food was good but tended to find that the evening dinner buffet was good if the lunch buffet was poor and vice versa. Mainly Balinese food with a few odds and ends which sometimes didn't gel but it still tasted good. The 24 hours Al A Carte restaurant is only Al A Carte as the portions are a little small but again tastes good. Menu consists of burger, pizza, spag bog, jumbo hot dog etc, and the Bali Fried Rice was gorgeous. Alot of Germans grumbled that the food was awful and wanted German food on the menu. My thoughts are, you're in Bali where they serve you Balinese food. If you want German, holiday in Germany.The pool was lovely and very busy and too much like an oven for me as there was no breeze. After an hour I felt sick from the heat. The beach was far better to sunbathe and be comfortable and maintained a lovely breeze throughout the day. Alot have said that the beach is poor, but in all truth I didn't find it that bad. When the tide was in it was lovely to swim in, just don't venture out too far and put your feet down - so many urchins. When the tide is out, it's like an exploration adventure, you can walk near to the reef (wear flip-flops) and see all the water life up close. Urchins, starfish, worm things, spider things. It was great. One thing that really annoyed us about the beach was preferential treatment towards a couple and their friends who'd been to the resort about 20 times. They had their beach beds and parasols reserved for them everyday by staff, even when they were out for the day. This I found very disrespectful for us newcomers, especially as parasols are few. The management shut off half the beach for two days for a corporate event that residence were not invited to. Meaning even fewer parasols.Went on a few excursions but everything had a downside. Elephants were fab, but the near 2 hour journey each way in a clapped out Suzuki mini bus was horrendous. The seat was broken as was the air con. Suffering from lower back problems this incapacitated me for a few days. Turtle island was lovely but they don't warn you that they insist on 50,000 rupiah donation each upon leaving and heckle you to buy souveniers. The boat in which we were taken stopped off for snorkeling but once in the water you couldn't get back into the boat without suffering a groin injury as there were no steps! I banged my foot on the propeller trying to get back in, it swelled up and left me a very nasty black/purple bruise. And I'm quite agile at 34, so you can imagine the trouble retired folk may have. We also hired out a speed-boat for sightseeing and water skiing. The water skiing was a joke. Both of us having water skiied before but they have no concept of a slow set off and just hammered the 200HP engine. The pully rope handle was just metal with no grip and ripped through our hands and unfortunately ripped off some of my long nails. The jet skis were good but going up and down was boring so it's best to do doughnuts. Took the bikes out a few times and well worth travelling right, all the way to the penisula tip. You see all the grand hotels and at the tip, through the national park is a huge blow hole which is a real sight when the tide is in.Salesman on the beach are few and very nice and friendly. One guy in particular, 'Jimmy' will give you a very good price for goods. There is also a small market near the resort. Walk out the front turn left, Circle K 24 hour shop over the road and opposite that down to the left is the market. They do hassle you a little but you can really haggle good prices. There are also a few stalls to the left of the beach.We found that the Balinese were all incredibly friendly but those outside the resort had a hidden agenda to sell you a program (trip). Even one of the security staff at the big plush hotels asked us if we wanted a program. On arrival our tour agent rep gave us a sad story about his poor lifestyle and tried to sell private programs from his friends. Careful of the hotels shuttle bus. We were waiting for it in the lobby as instructed by reception and it left without us. Due to their mistake we were chauffeur driven to Tragia - don't go there, there is nothing there. The shuttle bus was due to pick us up an hour later so we waited in good time - it never showed. So we hailed a taxi to take us onto Sogo. Sogo was good but so over priced. But you could at least get a latte there at Starbucks.As it was our honeymoon we upgraded to a Royal room, which was lovely, but we were initially put into a room right next to a building site so it was noisy and the workers looked into our room. We were moved the next day to the other end of the block. All rooms are fantastic, but if you are not happy with something don't be afraid to complain, i.e. building works or noise from the next hotel.Don't get me wrong the place was lovely and we really enjoyed our time there. All the above hic-cups sound bad but most were an adventure. We empathise with the Balinese as they are just getting back on their feet from bad bombing publicity and you will find that everything is money orientated. Take both Rupiah and US dollars. Rupiah for markets and 100,000 each airport tax on exiting and US dollars for Sogo and resort treatments and excursions.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>HappyHornet4
<Content>Very Relaxing I stayed at the Bali tropic for two weeks and had a fantastic relaxing time, weather great not a rain drop in site, food and service was good,Breakfast very good choice full, cooked to just fruit what ever you wanted, luch buffet style as was dinner, always plentful, and good choice. Al La Ctrae was a good choice as well, my room was very spacious, with double shower and seperate bath, alway keep cleanby my excerllant maid,Bar service was also good, Outside the hotel just turn right and you will find an excerllend seafood restaurant, the prawns and loster are fresh and stiil swimming until they go in the pot. Just ask for Zion.The beach is to die for, and there was never a problem with loungers.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>white feather 1965
<Content>lovely resort We booked the Bali Tropic Resort through our timeshare and stayed for 5 days. The resort is lovely. The rooms were large, with separate toilet, shower, bath, airconditioned (which was really important in Bali). As we were on time share, we had to pay for all drinks and food at the resort. Other travellers staying at the resort had paid for the all inclusive package, which included all drinks and meals. This was the only difference at the resort for us. The buffet breakfast was very good, with a wide variety of choices for breakfast. The pool at the resort is clean and was a godsend on the hot, humid Bali days. Our trip to Bali, Indonesia was an experience, and an eye opener. We enjoyed the Bali Tropic Resort and would recommend you take advantage of the Hot Stone Massage at the Spa, heaven !  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	3	2	

<Author>Jussieb
<Content>Fabulous Hotel I stayed here in June around 4 - 5 years ago. I can fault nothing at all with the Hotel and we loved Bali.The food and drinks were great with plenty of choice and it was wonderful to sit at the swim-up bar with a cocktail!The staff were very friendly and helpful. The hotel is quite small and you get a real feel of being part of a family, especially in the evenings at the Lobby bar. The entertainment was low-key and entertaining, the Balinese theme night was excellent with traditional dancing and music. The guests at the Hotel were a mixture of German and British mainly and all mixed well - none of this 'us and them' feeling. There were also some Japanese guests from time to time, but they didn't seem to stay for long, just a few nights as part of a tour.We hardly spent any money at all in Bali and did plenty of trips. The Volcano was a great day out. We were there for the Balinese New Year which was a mad experience!I have just booked to return again in May this year and can't wait to see the newly refurbished rooms.I have traveled extensively and have never returned to a hotel so this is a true testament to the Bali Tropic. I would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone searching for a relaxing, excellent value holiday.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SueVoisey
<Content>Fantastic hotel - we will return! We stayed at the Bali Tropic in September 2006 for the 4th time and yes we have booked to go back next September 07. We have never experienced such luxury and welcome at any previous hotel. The staff are beyond expectations and cater to your every need - nothing is too much trouble. The management are truly wonderful.The accommodation in bungalows is superb and the pool and beach make it a true paradise. Cannot wait to go back and meet up with other regular returning guests.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Blackbeetle
<Content>A fantastic holiday We stayed at the Bali Tropic for 10 days during October after spending 4 days in Kuala Lumpur. Having been on numerous long-haul holidays, I can honestly say that we could find no fault at all with this Hotel. The rooms are beautiful and are cleaned every day. Bed linen is spotless and the towels are white and fresh. The Balinese are such gentle people and we were made to feel very welcome by all of the staff. Every morning we were met with a greeting and a warm smile by everyone we saw, from gardeners tending to the wonderful plants and flowers in the grounds to cleaners and restaurant staff going about their duties. Nothing was too much trouble for anyone and we only had to ask if there was something we needed. I had packed the wrong type of plug adaptor and within minutes of asking at reception if they could help, a member of staff was knocking at my door with the correct adaptor for my 3 pin plug.The food was freshly prepared and the choice was good. At no time did we feel the need to eat elsewhereFor those that like to sit around and just chill out, the butterfly shaped pool is very safe and is kept extremely clean.The beach is swept every day and there are plenty of straw umbrellas to offer shade when you need it. If you're looking for something to do, try a trip to the Elephant Camp about a hours drive away. The camp is set in a wonderful lush valley which you can see while riding on the back of an elephant. Our elephant was called Dheli and she gently led us around the counrtyside for well over an hour, guided by her trainer Amin. The Land Trek trip is also a good way to see Bali as it really is. You travel in a Land Rover all over the island visiting rice paddy fields, local beauty spots, temples and a stone quarry where stones are worked by hand. There is health spa in the Hotel grounds which offers many professional treatments at reasonable prices. The 1 hour massage is very good value and an ideal way to introduce yourself to spa treatments if it's something you haven't experienced before. Bali has suffered considerably over the last couple of years as the number of tourists visiting has dropped quite dramatically. All I can offer in this review is our opinion. The welcome we received was warm and genuine and the Balinese people made our holiday very special.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>veroturmel
<Content>Excellent honeymoon Beautiful room!!! we had a delux bungalow. The pool is very nice but the beach was not very good. We want to Kuta one day but we don't like too much to swim in the sea and go to the beach. We prefere a lot stay around the pool with the pool bar. Not a lot of activities but we were in our honeymoon and we had a lot of excursions outside. The food is ok, there are buffet and card. Service excellent and manager very good.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mdkate1657
<Content>Distinctly average We stayed at this hotel for the last 7 days of a three week honeymoon in Bali. We were drawn to this hotel as after two weeks at various 4 and 5* hotels on room and breakfast basis, we thought a week of chilling and not having to worry about paying for meals and drinks it would be just what we needed.What can I say? It is what it says on the box! An all inclusive hotel which certalinly was not 4* compared to the proper 4 and 5* hotels we stayed at. Given the standard ofthe bedrooms, this hotel has potential to be great, but this is not taken advantage of.We stayed in a Royal Bungalow room which was of good standard and had a large bathroom and a great 4 poster bed. Unfortunately there was a problem with the drainage, causing a fould smell in the room. We reported this to reception a number of times and were eventually moved to a similar room downstairs which did not have the problem. That room was fine.If you are the kind of person who travels half way around the world to stay at an average hotel, with average unimaginative food, with the kind of people who never leave the hotel and sit at the same place on the beach and restaurant every day, this is for you! It could be any all inclusive hotel, anywhere in the world, why travel half way around the world when you could probably get the same thing on the Costa del Sol for a fraction of the price without the travelling!If you want to get a taste of Bali life do not stay at this hotel. The food was bland and unimaginative and often poor vegetarian choice. It was a cross between what all Europeans would expect but not very local.Service - poor! So bad we only ate at the hotel three evenings of the seven we were there! It takes forever to get a waiters attention to get a drink and when it arrives it is invariably wrong. On one occasion I ordered red wine and was brought a Coke. When I pointed the mistake to the waiter he looked very annoyed and said but don't you like Coke? He couldn't understand when I said yes but it was not what I wanted with my meal! It took him a further 20 minutes for him to arrive with my drink, by which time I was most of the way through my meal and thoroughly sick and tired of the poor quality cabaret music being played. The music was terrible and there was no where to eat at normal mealtimes in peace!We ate one evening at a restaurant a 5 minute taxi ride away called Bumbu Bali, billed in the guide book as one of the best restaurants in Bali. It lived up to expectations and was amazing. We a local taster menu, with the most food I have ever seen. For approximately £10 each it included 3 courses, with 7 starters, 8 mains and 4 desserts to taste. I would definately recommend it.In all, the Bali Tropic was average. I am disappointed we stayed there after amazing experiences as The Pan Pacific in Singapore, then Bali Hyatt in Sanur and the Alila in Ubud. If I was going to Bali again I would not choose an all inclusive hotel. There is no point, eating out at top restaurants is so cheap and it does not encourage you to explore the island. If I was choosing all inclusive I would choose somewhere closer to home.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>Vickycl
<Content>Excellent We visited Bali Tropic Resort and Spa for 2 weeks in September for our honeymoon and we have to say this is the best holiday either of us have had.Bali Tropic Hotel was much more than we expected. The staff are so friendly and the bar staff remembered our first names for the duration of our stay. The manager of the hotel even came and saw us off on our last day and thanked us for staying at their hotel.We stayed in a deluxe bungalow which was newly refurbished. We were a bit dismayed when we arrived and noticed we had twin beds, but as soon as we mentioned it the room was re- arranged and we ended up with the biggest double bed I have ever seen!! The rooms were clean and well air conditioned and where well stocked with toiletries and mineral water.We stayed all inclusive and the choice of food is vast, although you do really need to like rice and noodles as they are avaliable for breakfast, lunch and dinner. If you fancy a change there is a 24hours a la carte restuarant that serves pizza, burgers, toasted cheese sandwiches and a lovely spag bol !!The grounds of the hotel are amazing. I have never seen so much greenery and beautiful flowers. There are always staff around washing down the paths, picking up leaves and generally keeping the place spotless.The beach is nice, although the sand is yellow in colour and quite shelly. The sea is clear, but quite seaweedy.To be honest, we spent most of our time around the lovely pool. It is not massive but is big enough for the amount of guests that can stay at the hotel. Most of the time the pool was relatively empty and we never had to wait to be served at the pool bar.There is entertainment in the evenings which consists of a 4 piece band of local men that play your requests and a duo who play 2 nights a week. Our overall verdict of the Bali Tropic Resort and Spa is 10/10. The manager is working hard to make improvements all the time and I must say, it is working.We are hoping to go back and visit all at Bali Tropic in the next couple of years we loved it so much.To give you an idea of how good it is, we met an English couple when we were there and it was their 18 visit to Bali Tropic - that says it all really !!!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Kacenka
<Content>Wonderful little resort!       View from our veranda  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kenokids
<Content>Excellent Alternative to Big American Hotels My husband and I stayed 5 days at this resort in early May 2006 after a three week tour of Thailand, Vietnam and Cambodia. We have traveled extensively (60 countries to date) and usually stay in 5 star hotels, often boutique hotels.The Bali Tropic differs from other deluxe or luxury resorts in Bali in that it is locally owned. As a result, it has less glitz and polish than a Marriott, Sheraton or Four Seasons, and also fewer amenities such as fancy workout rooms, full bar of call liquor, Wi-Fi in rooms, etc.We booked a Royal Room directly through the hotel with an all-inclusive package and paid under $200/day. The Royal Rooms were built at the back of the property 3 years ago and we found the rooms to be spotless, well-appointed with soaps, shampoo, complimentary water, and nicely fitted out with a four-poster bed with netting and high quaility local furniture. The decor was very nice--I would say rustic Balinese, with several niches in the walls with back-lit sculpture and a lovely balcony with a unique rattan lounger. The beach is a nice size with plenty of shade and palapas (though you need to get out early and throw a towel on one to reserve it), but is not pristine white powder. It is sand color and has seaweed that arrives regularly on the tides. There is a staff member who rakes it up and buries it...but it is also a problem in the water, though not enough to to keep us from an occasional dip.Our rate included pick-up from the airport, and staff member was waiting for us with a card with our name when we got through customs. We were at the resort in about 20 minutes and the reception staff escorted us to our room for check-in, as it was hot. The air conditioning had the room nicely chilled and worked very well during our stay. We did ask for additional towels and got them delivered within 5 minutes, nice towels of a bath-sheet size. We also were told that our rate included complimentary pressing for 8 items, a one-hour Balinese traditional massage, two and two glass-bottom boat rides.The pool is on the small side, but very nicely laid-out with a swim-up bar and plenty of shaded, padded loungers. The food was better than average all-inclusive fare. Breakfasts were varied and excellent, with an nice omelet station and the best croissants we have had since Paris. Lunches and dinners were fine, often themed with Balinese or Chinese food. Salads were fresh and available.Entertainment was so-so. One band called the Electric Duo was good and entertaining, the other was 4 Balinese men trying to to do country-western. It didn't really work well. One night they did a traditional Baliese dance, set on the terrace outside the main temple or shrine at the hotel. All the tables and chairs were moved onto the grass below the terrace. It was very well done--in fact better than a similar show we saw on tour the day before.The staff were extremely accommodating and professional, though most of them speak very limited English, if any. We didn't find it to be a problem.In all, we were very glad we chose the Bali Tropic. We wanted something informal and low-key, no pressure to be dressed a certain way. It worked well for us. We were the only Americans...met a couple from Montreal and a couple from the UK. There were many Germans. I have many photos. I will add some later or can send them to anyone with a special interest.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay Away! Two friends and I decided to stay here based on the overwhelmingly positive TripAdvisor reviews. Boy were people generous on their ratings! We stayed for one week in January and would not do it again. I have traveled and lived throughout Asia and this was one of the worst places I've stayed at for the price I paid. The condition of the hotel is equivalent to a 1star in the states. Rooms: The furniture was very worn and shabby. We found stains on our sheets and the mosquito netting hanging over the beds. The floor was so dirty that we had to wear shoes otherwise our feet and socks would get black walking on the floor. Because each room is like its own bungalow, the doors open directly outside--which is a bad thing when the gaps in the door let mosquitos and 4-inch roaches into your room (I kid you not).Bathroom: DISGUSTING. Worse than the bedroom. There were stains on the tiles, toilets, mirrors, and sinks. It's obvious that the facillities were very old. Furthermore, they did not provide the basic toiletries one usually receives at a resort. They only provided 1 small bar of soap each day (and there were 3 of us!) and the shampoo that was provided was in a container in the shower that previous guests used. They were also really stingy and would not give is more than 1 small towel/person.Staff: Generally friendly, but not always helpful and a bit nosey (long story). Grounds: OK. Pool was small.Restaurants/Food: Breakfast was OK --standard fare--pancakes, cereal, fruit, etc. Dinner/lunch at these restaurants was pretty forgettable--eat elsewhere.Beach: Poor quality. The sand is dark (not in a good way) and the water is pretty polluted from people's trash and the heavy watercraft usage. My friends and I tried snorkelling not too far off the beach and all developed skinrashes within 15 minutes--even the guide quickly ran to the showers after we got back to shore! Location: Not much to do in the immediate area. We constantly had to take cabs to Denpasar or other areas.For a relaxing vacation I'd recommend you stay elsewhere.  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>bbdeluca
<Content>Good stay Resort is perfectly designed for relaxing. Short drive from airport, located with other resorts on either side of it. Adequate rooms, comfy beds, great sandy white beach. Bathrooms show that the place was probably built in the 70's, but clean and nice. Great balinese decor in the rooms on on the perfectly manicured grounds. Food was good. Bar in pool was great. Also, each room has it's own deck.Saleswomen in shops were a little pushy. When we went to check out, the hotel tried to charge us for pool towels that we left in the room. So, if you stay here, make sure you carry the pool towels to the desk when you check out and check your bill carefully. Other than that, it was great.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lovetravel129
<Content>Friendly staff I stayed at this hotel for 2 weeks in July while I was on my honeymoon. The staff was friendly and charming. This hotel allows you to explore and feel what Bali is all about. It is very cultural. The staff is dressed in traditional attire and the rooms are individual cottages among lush gardens. A true balinese experience. I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>terryv
<Content>Beautiful Place, Beautiful People We arrived to a lovely warm welcome cocktail. The hotel is very traditional balinese style - you really feel you are in Bali. The rooms are a little tired but spacious  clean. It may be worth upgrading if you can. Lovely beach - though not the best we have been on but quiet  relaxing with hardly any beach sellers, the perfect chill out place. The hotel is kept immaculately clean - every morning we woke around 8:30 to the sound of the fountains and the sweeping of paths - idyllic. Once a week they fumigate so you hardly get any insects. Food was good - particularly the a la carte, although they could do with making it available for longer as you could only order when the buffet was finished which was quite late. The buffets were also good - they tried their best with the variety  we ate on the beach some nights  at the open air theatre. They had themed nights with entertainment which were excellent - traditional balinese shows. They also had a band playing in the restaurant and afterwards in the lobby bar, though nothing too loud. Most nights they were good with only one exception which cleared the bar. The pool area was lovely - very clean with a swim up bar. We were quite worried when they used their electric drill to put the volleyball net up though!If you get the chance you should experience the spa - 3 hours of pure heaven for £40 for two of us. Some of our fondest memories were of the people - the staff were wonderful  nothing was too much trouble- its so sad that the tourism they depend upon so badly will have been affected by the terrorism - don't let it put you off. We would go back tomorrow!!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ladyhelen
<Content>Pure Paradise       Beach(careful gets red hot under foot)  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CarribeanQueen
<Content>Honeymoon in Heaven! We arrived exhausted to the Bali Tropik but the welcome drink and the friendly faces perked us up! Our room wasn't the room that we had initially booked as it was our honeymoon we requested the Royal room. We didn't get the Royal room, we got a suite which is more expensive if a little dated. (but not the room we wanted)after a succesion of going back and forward and a few to do's which I won't go in to I was extremely frustrated and upset. I did make a complaint to the holiday company, and the staff at the hotel where SO apologetic! To them it was devestating that we where not enjoying our honeymoon and they made us feel like a King and Queen, you name it they gave it we had a beautiful honeymoon dinner on the beach. We got our Royal room, we got a free dinner cruise, spa treatments, it was unbelievable how we where treated. The hotel is lovely don't compare it to the lucious Conrad down the beach the Bali tropik is owned by a Balinese so it's more authentic! The beach is gorgeous always a lounger available, the pool was lovely as well especially the pool bar. The Royal rooms are very modern, clean, and the view to the grounds are lovely to wake up to every morning. The staff where so friendly they work so hard believe me, running around after guests and they always had a smile on there faces! The hotel is situated on a busy road but you could walk up to the beach instead and it's so much nicer. The food was quite european and although I would have liked more Indonesian cuisine I understand they where catering for the majority of European guests. I can only say positive things about the Bali Tropik Hotel I would recommened a stay here and despite the bombings we will certainly be going back for one of our anniversarys.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Beach Resort       Tropic Resort Beach  
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>larke
<Content>fantastic time i thought i had been to some lovely places, but bali is true heaven, this hotel small not as lavish as others you will find,but very very clean the staff are very attentive,the food was out of this world with lots of variations, beach chairs were plenty and clean,every where was so clean and tidy cant wait to return  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>derya
<Content>fantastic holiday My husband and I returned from Bali on 30th November 2004.We were impressed with the facilities and the friendliness of the hotel staff. The hotel is situated in an excellent position - although the sea was a bit of a disappointment as there were a tremendous amount of reeds in it. It is a man made beach with very shallow water.Plenty of water sports available for those who require it.Lovely pool with ample comfortable loungers. Plenty of really nice loungers with umberellas on the beach too.24 hour service if required. Food is quite good, although a little repetitive at times - but I am really fussy anyway.Entertainment is good - but not a great deal of variety.Staff cannot do enough for you. I lost a gold bracellet in the hotel but luckily a very honest member of staff found it and I had it returned to me! Lots to see and do and taxi's are really cheap. You can hire a taxi for the day for around £20 and they will take you anywhere you want to go etc. Excellent bargains to be had in Bali, but you really need to haggle - and tourists do get pestered rather a lot by local traders, but at least they are polite and pleasant even if you choose not to buy.Clinic situated at the hotel is excellent. All in all a truly superb holiday I would recommend the Bali Tropic Resort to anyone - try it out for yourself. Excellent value for money. Will definately go back again.We would like to extend our gratitude to the management and staff who afforded us the very best of welcome and taught us a great deal about the Balinese culture, they are great ambassodors for Bali. The Balinese people are very friendly towards tourists.N.B. If you visit Bali you really must go on the elephant safari - truly amazing experience.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a "must stay" when in bali Located at the south of the island, Nusa Dua. 113 rooms and suites. Traditional balinese architecture and set in lush, beautifully tended, tropical water gardens. The hotel has been constructed to blend completely into the surroundings, making it invisible from the beach or sea. This hotel provides truly excellent accomodation, food and personal service. The staff are the friendliest I've ever encountered anywhere in the world. Nothing is too much trouble for them. This is a must stay hotel experience when in Bali   
<Date>Nov 6, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mandzy
<Content>Le plus beau de mes voyages       Grâce à eux la plage était propre  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ana90
<Content>Agradable       playa frente al hotel  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>dachfred
<Content>Bel hôtel mais trop touristique   showReview(7711243, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	3	4	2	3	-1	

