<Author>Chris1978
<Content>A good find in NYC Stayed here for a few days over xmas. On the whole this is a good pound for pound hotel in a city where hotel prices are well off the scale!Positives:- Excellent rate ($150 a night)- Location is excellent just 2 mins from Times Sq and Byrant PArk- Rooms were large, with very comfy beds + large flat-screen tv- Cofee machine in room was handy to have- Free internet access in the lobby was excellent- Free coffee in the lobby (good to take out or sit in) saved a few dollars on going to Starbucks in the morningsNegatives:- Hotel lacked facilities (bar, pool etc) but the price reflected that- View out of room wasn't great, but basically due to all the building around it  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>jakehyr
<Content>Loved it! We were going to spend Christmas in NYC so we thought we would book a hotel that wasn't too expensive but would be conveniently situated in the heart of Manhattan. This hotel was certainly no wrong choice.The service staff in the hotel are like none other. Not only do they greet you when you come back from a long day's sightseeing, the lady at the concierge desk even worked overtime just to ensure that we would get our taxi to the airport on the night we were departing. We certainly felt that all our needs were taken care of when we were at the hotel.The rooms are well equipped with a buffet of pillows, such that I felt that they could have given less pillows. The beds were comfortable and the bathroom was well equipped with amenities. The complimentary WiFi access in every room made our stay even better for we could search information about the places we intended to visit before setting foot each day.The hotel also has a coffee machine in the lobby that dispenses coffee/hot water all day long. The gym at the basement is sufficiently sized with treadmills and a few weights. Bring along your earpieces if you're going to run, for the treadmills are boosted with individual TV sets with access to all the TV channels the hotel has. Certainly a good choice!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mws215
<Content>Good choice This was my first stay at this hotel, and I was pleasantly surprised- I have had mixed luck with sub-$300 rooms in NYC in the past, but this property was clean, updated, and pleasant. It is a few blocks off of Times Square, seems like a good location for tourists and theater-goers. I was in for business so did not get too upset that my room looked out to the gloomy, nondescript back side of the office building next door.The room was clean and comfortable, and reasonably roomy. The bed was very comfortable, apparently had all new bedding. Front desk and bellman staff were very friendly and helpful, and even though there is no taxi stand at the hotel, they went out of their way to flag a cab for me. Security seems good, too- the elevators require a keycard to operate, and the staff was vigilant about checking that people using the common areas were indeed registered hotel guests.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>chicanabella
<Content>Can't go wrong with this hotel - brilliant location, service and comfort. Husband and I (mid 30s) stayed here for 4 nights from Tues Nov 25 - Sat Nov 29. Superb location (less than half a block from the Macy's Thanksgiving Parade down Broadway). Breakfast is not included but there are plenty of places close by - some good self-serve breakfast buffets in Times Square. We already knew from Trip Advisor that there are no exhaust fans in the bathrooms, but that's really the only complaint we could make. Staff were friendly, housekeeping was great, free internet access allowed for daily blogging. We requested and were granted a room with a view of the Empire State Building. Hotel was very clean and quiet and the room was spacious with a comfortable bed. If you're not used to tipping and accidentally tip Merrick who handles the luggage downstairs twice, he gives you a big hug (as my husband found out!) Heightened hotel security around Thanksgiving was reassuring. A perfect hotel if you are exploring the Big Apple for the first time like we were. (ps - The closest fresh juice place seems to be across the road from the Public Library.)  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Windwardites
<Content>Great hotel This was our first trip to New York City. We arrived at the hotel at 11:30 am on Friday(11/7/08) and was pleasantly surprised. The front desk clerk staff were very welcoming and told us our room was ready! She also told us that we even had a view of the Empire State Building as requested. We were in Room # 2701. My wife took many pictures of the ESB as the lighting changed frequently( green and red for the Chirstmas holidays/ red, white, and blue for Veteran's Day/ and purple.........not sure the significance of this color). We stayed for 6 nights. The staff and concierge were extremely friendly and helpful. As mentioned by others, the hotel is in an excellent location. You are close to eveyrthing. The maids cleaned our room everyday by 10:30am. I have been to many hotels where they do not clean your room till the afternoon. I do not want to return to my room to find out it was not cleaned. The front desk alway said hello as you passed the area.......a very nice and welcoming touch. My wife used their free coffee machine in the lobby in the am and pm. She loved that machine. I used the free computers in the lobby to check my emails and print boarding passes.Hints:1) I reserved the hotel about 3 months before our stay via their website. Watch the prices as they change frequently. If you find lower prices, you can email them to request the lower rate. I did this 3 times without any probems.2) Bring an inexpensive rubber doorstop. The bathroom door remains closed if you do not have a doorstop. If you have a doorstop to leave the the bathroom door open, it will prevent having a musty odor.3) Check out Duke's Cafe- very close by. Very unique buffet....you choose the items and you pay by the weight of the food. They are open 24/7.4) Ask the front desk to hail a cab to the airport for you. Much cheaper than the concierge reserving a sedan. $30 for taxi( no traffic at 4:30am......had to be at airport by 5am for 7am flight). I believe the concierge quoted me $60 for a sedan.5) Buy your tickets to ESB from the concierge. Little more expensive( hotel gets a commission), but better than standing in the massive ticket lines. 3 lines at ESB: security, ticket, and entry.Why stay anywhere else in NY? This is the place!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tiger62z
<Content>enjoyed our stay I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in mid Oct. I got $209 per night weekend rate which I think it was a pretty good deal by its location. The hotel seems got remodeled recently. I like the new room dèŒ…cor, much better than the one I saw two years ago. I gave it 8 out of 10 score.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>kak513
<Content>Utterly perfect! It's always a hunt to find a good Manhattan hotel that's clean and not too overpriced, and this completely fit the bill. My husband and I spend a long weekend or two in Manhattan every year just for kicks, so I'm always on the lookout. I believe the rooms were recently renovated, and our room rate for a Saturday and Sunday overnights was $209 and $199 respectively. Room was very clean and larger than a shoebox, bed was FANTASTIC as were the multiple pillows. They honored our request for a high floor, but we didn't get a view. Great location behind the main library, and walking distance to a few subway stations, which is a must for us. Free coffee in the lobby near the elevators. Really polite staff, and my only complaint is that they didn't call us to check in when the room was ready - we arrived on a red-eye and stowed our luggage and they took my cell number to call us when we could check in, but did not follow up. No big deal since we were out and about enjoying ourselves. The hotel entrance is much nicer than I expected, so that was a thrill. There's lots of food nearby - I'm not sure if this hotel actually has a restaurant or not, we didn't even bother since we wandered and ate all over. I would definitely stay here again. Easily the best hotel experience I've had in NY.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Kelly088
<Content>Location, Location, Location!!!! We stayed at the Courtyard for 2 nights in October prior to boarding a Princess Cruise. The Courtyard is located in the perfect spot - walking distance to everything. 10 minutes to Times Square and the broadway shows. Walking distance to 5th Ave and Central Park (although this is about a 1/2 hour walk). The hotel itself is clean, and has a very friendly staff. Any reservations you need, whether it be for dinner, tours or the theatre, the hotel conceirge will make the reservations for you. There is an English Pub right beside the hotel (out the back entrance), that serves the best finger foods I've ever tasted, for a very reasonable price. If you don't have a lot of time in New York for sightseeing, make sure that you book the OnBoard Tours for a 5 hour tour. You see all of the major sights. If we ever return to New York City, we will definately stay at the Courtyard again. It's on a quiet street, close to all of the action.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>wsltarget
<Content>Clean and well-run, convenient location My wife and five month old infant stayed here for three nights in mid August.With baby along for the trip, we needed a way to sterilize bottles. Before arrival I had assumed incorrectly that the hotel would have an in-room microwave, as I've seen at other Courtyards. There wasn't a microwave set out for public use in the common breakfast area, either. We turned to the desk manager to see if there was any kind of microwave available. He offered the one in the kitchen.Twice during our stay, the hotel staff took our microwave steam sterilizer and put it in their kitchen microwave. Without their cooperation, we would have been stuck with two expensive alternatives: buying bottles and throwing them away, or buying some kind of hot plate or other device to to use in the room. We were especially grateful to the desk manager and kitchen manager who helped with our bottle problem. Every single member of the staff was consistently friendly, helpful, and cheerful. The lobby is nicely decorated with comfortable seating areas. There's a European-style automat coffee grinder that will in about one minute's time dispense a hot cup of coffee, free to guests in about a minute. For the breakfast buffet, expect to fork up about $13 or $15 if you add cooked-to-order omlette. Our room had enough space to set up our traveling pak-n-play for baby. Bed was comfortable and bedding was at the new high standard set by most Marriott and Hilton properties: plush, all white bedding with no busy paisley pattern to hide stains. We walked to Gypsy one night, and Some Enchanted Evening was waiting for us just up the Broadway line (South Pacific at Lincoln Cnter). Bryant Park is down the block to the east. You can get anywhere from here.Elevators were busy. Our longest wait in the lobby was approximately five minutes. Two to three was more typical.Rates vary by day, so do not rely on the price coming back in the search engine to necessarily apply for your whole visit.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>norrisBirmingham
<Content>Good location Stayed in a double room on the 26th floor. it was quite dark as a result of the closeness of the surrounding office buildings. Opening the curtains at 8am to look sideways into an office a few metres away was unusual ! The room was fine, the bathroom was very small but everything worked.However the location was excellent for being able to travel anywhere. The subway is at the end of the street and it was a hub for several lines . If you want to stay by Times square, Broadway and the shops ( all within 5-6 minutes walk ), then this hotel is good.The breakfasts were really good, ranging from cereals, fruit, and breads to freshly cooked omelettes or hot buffet. The breakfast staff were lovely.reception staff were helpful although there seemed to be a different concierge on duty every day and we only found one ( Susan) who had any personality and came up with suggestions and recommendations. the others didn't seem to know a lot.It was extremely useful to have internet access ( free ) in the lounge , as was the free coffee.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>babibirdee
<Content>Feel at home In the midst of the hustle and bustle in New York City, on the south side of Times Square lies the closest thing to home you can get! The Courtyard typically seems to have a good rate, is very clean, and makes you feel at home. That feeling is hard to achieve in a typical Manhattan hotel. There were no disappointments with this hotel besides the fact that they do not offer room service.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	3	4	

<Author>jlew421
<Content>Unbelievable surprises--and NOT in a good way       Standard Room's TV and coffee maker--"Don't drink the water," it'll cost ya ($7!)  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	5	2	3	4	3	

<Author>SteveBishop.
<Content>Perfect Location Decent sized room, clean and comfortable and the bed was brilliant. I see that small rooms are normal in NY, but not here. They are about the average size you would expect outside of the city. The location is also excellent for Time Square and Bryant Square. Subway on the corner and right next to a Dele and an Irish Bar (good pub grub at a reasonable cost). If walking is not a problem to you then you are perfect in this hotel for all the local attractions. Macys is about 10 mins as is 5th ave. Time Square 3 mins and central park about 15 mins. If I return to NY, I will look this hotel up right away. Staff were all friendly and helpfull without exception. One thing missing is a restaurant on the premises for evening meals and snacks, but with so much on offer outside, this is no big deal and there is a breakfast room and this was very clean, smart and with a good selection.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>welltraveledA
<Content>excellent business hotel its not my first stay here and overall impresion is samea very good business hotel with little amenities but solid in price performance ratiogot a good rate via hotel website (199)stayed at 33 floor as requested (high floor)liked the free coffee small but always empty gym with good machines (lifefitness)lcd tv ,very good quality coffe machine,spotless bathroom and roomonly con is lack of character and very difficult to take a taxi infront of hoteleventhough i dont need much services while staying general actitud of staff towards small requests was excellentrooms on the small size very good location 2 blocks from times square and 5th ave  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>charlotteguy
<Content>El Perfecto Stayed here over the Labor Day holiday. Rooms-- Very spacious (especially for NYC). Bathroom was nice and good shower pressure. The bed was very comfortable.Location---Just a few short blocks from Times Square. Subway stops are on both corners. The location can not be beat. It is right across the street from Bryant Park.This is a great hotel in a super location. Really could complain about anything.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cookieburns
<Content>Nice Hotel Booked this room last minute and were not disappointed. We will stay at this hotel again in the future. Price was great for NYC.We had a King Suite, which was plenty of room for two people. Location was good, room was clean, staff was pleasant, bed was comfortable, shower had good water pressure, what more could you need? Requested an early check-in and room was ready when we arrived.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>DeBunny
<Content>Good choice near all Mid-Town sites and subway       Courtyard Entrance coming from Bryant Pk, 6th Ave.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>isherwood61
<Content>Location Vacation Relaxation My wife and I stayed at the Times Square Courtyard one weekend in August. We have stayed at a number of 2 and 3 star hotels in Manhattan and this was our best experience. We walked from Penn Station in about 15 minutes. The hotel was pretty busy but clean and pleasant. Use of the elevator requires your room keycard, which is a nice security measure. The room was roomy (for NYC) and very clean. Our room had no fridge or microwave as most Courtyards we have stayed at do. The ice machine is in the lower lobby, requiring an elevator ride to get ice. We bought two airline bottles of Jack Daniels from the desk-side mini-market without asking the price - $10 each plus tax! When we checked in we were given the key to a room that was occupied - fortunately no one was home but we could have been quite embarrassed. The situation was resolved quickly.Times Square is a 5 minute walk from the hotel. The subway is right at the end of the block. We took the subway to Lincoln Center; the stations are confusing to those of us accustomed to the simple layout of DC's Metro, so we had to hunt around to find the correct platform. The heat on the platforms was stifling, even though on the street it was in the low 70s. We took a cab back from the show, which for two people was not much more than the train. We had a delightful weekend, enjoying South Pacific, the Circle Line Cruise, and the Dali exhibit at MOMA. I highly recommend the Zen Palate Restaurant (all vegetarian) on 46th Street and the Thai place next door. Avoid Viva Pancho at Time Square - the food was fine but nothing special and it was kind of dirty in there.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>UsaNoviceTraveler
<Content>Good for the price Great location and typical Courtyard rooms, which means clean, spacious and well appointed. Requested an early check-in, high floor and extra pillows and towels which were all granted. Helpful staff who worked with us when I got sick and wanted a late check out. Paid a lot for it but needed the time to rest before leaving for the airport. The breakfast was pretty over-priced but I assume that's normal for NYC. Lobby is small and crowded but again, it's NYC.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Kentucky123
<Content>good weekend great location, close to everythingResturant was not great, better to get a doughnut at the cart on the street.Arno's was a great choice for Italian eats.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>aci2005
<Content>Nice Room, Close to EVERYTHING In a nutshell, it's the location. I stay at many Marriott properties, and this was definately consistent with similar hotels. Rooms very clean. Staff was so-so. Asked for a high floor-room with a view of Empire State Bldg, didn't get either, and they could have cared less. Had to remind them for a rollaway bed for son. We did arrive early and they checked our bags without a problem. EVERYTHING you need is nearby. A Duane Reade drugstore is right next door for misc items or snacks. TImes Square is two blocks away, easy walking distance to 5th ave. Subway just down the street. Great location and value if you get a good rate. We were in the room very little, so a hotel 'experience' was not important to us. Great for a family, close to everything. Booked the room based on reviews on this site. Would stay here again. Although staff is not rude, just don't expect anyone to bend over backwards for you.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	2	5	

<Author>GEOFFS3
<Content>Great Value In places like NYC, I tend to prefer a more unique hotel experience and like to avoid the chains. However, I found a rate of $199 at this property and couldn't resist the deal. And trust me, for that price this is a BARGAIN!LOCATION-Pretty much couldn't ask for any better location. It's far enough from Times Square (4 blocks) to escape the madness, but still close enough to enjoy. It's right off Bryant Park (think Project Runway) which is my absolute favorite spot in NYC. Plenty of restaurants all around.SERVICE-For NYC, pretty good. The staff was friendly and helpful and had no problem accomodating an early check-in. However, on a negative note, the hotel missed the mark on my special requests as a Marriott Gold member. No big deal, but it just shows a hotel's organization and attention to detail is lacking.ROOMS-Marriott Standard. Average size hotel room, which is large for NYC! Very comfortable bedding and mattress. Large bathroom with nice amenities. I could not get the in-room WI-FI to work and there was not a DSL connection.Overall, I enjoyed my stay here. It was a mostly American crowd staying here with lots of kids. If you want a nice, predictable hotel expereince with all of the amenities you usually expect, this is for you.I would definetly stay here again if I once again found a great deal . Otherwise, I'd probably try somewhere else for a bit more unique experience.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>DadAndMom
<Content>Hot in NYC but Cool at the Courtyard Our family of four (parents and adult sons) stayed in two rooms on different floors, even though we requested to be on the same floor. Your key card allowed you to take the elevator to your own floor making getting back and forth to the other room tricky. This was really the only downside for us. The night clerk when we arrived was surly and rude about our request and our effort to connect with the family members who arrived before and after us. On the upside: We all agreed the beds were comfortable; there was a great shower with lots of thick towels, and the rooms were clean. Loved the buffet breakfasts with omelets made to order and very fresh cut fruit. Loved the coffee pot in our room and in the lobby. The location near Time Square was perfect for what we were doing - subway was close, taxis always available. Concierge staff and others at the front desk we spoke to were very helpful. And the air conditioning kept us cool!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>icucuty
<Content>Our First NY Vacation For starters I have never wrote a review. However, I was so please with this hotel, I felt as thou I needed to share my opinion on my stay. I had checked on the Tripadvisor and read several reviews which I was so please to see that nearly all of them were positive. So indeed, I was ready to make the trip with little worry about my hotel stay. I have only all pro's to comment on. We stayed 3 nights.Some of my most vaulable memories which may seem small to some but I loved!!! To begin the staff was very nice. The guy that handled our luggage remembered us when were leaving that I had a fraigle piece of luggage. He rememebered. Yeah! They kept our luggage for apprx. 7 hours on our day of departure. We were in our room at about 11 when check in wasn't until 3. How wonderful was that! Ours rooms where clean everyday, replenished with fresh towels daily. The beds were to die for and I loved the magnified extended mirrors and removal shower head in the bathroom. Flat screen T.V.They had a very nice gym as well. I loved it there !!!!!!! We could not have had a better hotel. In additon, we were told that at the rate we paid we got a very nice hotel. I would stay again and pay more if necessary.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>winky200878
<Content>will stay at a differnet hotel next time i visit My family and I stayed at this hotel for more than 7days. The LOCATION of this hotel was EXCELLENT... walking distance to many activities/ places. New York/Manhattan on the whole was a great place to vacation... I would surely return to NY but stay at a different hotel...There were some problems we encountered with some of the staff of this hotel... one concierge was a WASTE of time while the other was apparently the hotel's operator (always on the phone). one of the bellboys were totally CLUELESS of what was happening around him.... no help at all to 1st timers!! There was a strong sense of RACISM in this hotel!!! The room was quite small... but manageable!!! however there were BEDBUGS... they should really consider changing the sheets more often!!! In addition, even though there were only a few rooms per floor... the walls were paper thin... we heard when 'our neighbours' slammed the doors in the middle of the nite and also when they flushed the toilet!! The water they offered was $7.00.... what a rip off... take a walk and go to duane reade at the end of the street. Lastly, if you stay more than 5 days.... the staff starts to IGNORE and STARE at you!!!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	5	4	4	1	-1	

<Author>blaze1
<Content>Good value for NYC The hotel is a cut above the usual Courtyard, with an impressive entryway and lobby and a relatively large workout facility with decent equipment (two ellipticals and three treadmills, plus a weightlifting area). It's just down the block from Bryant Park, close to Times Square without being too close, and in the neighborhood of Rockefeller Center, the Empire State Building, the Theatre District, and other attractions in mid-town Manhattan. The breakfast is not free and wasn't particularly good. Free coffee in the lobby. Rooms were about average or perhaps on the small side, with no views - the hotel is tall and narrow and surrounded by buildings.Our check-in experience was good - front desk personnel were very friendly and tried to accommodate our needs - without being able to offer us a room with a view. They did send up a mini-fridge right away upon request, which doesn't always happen in hotels. Our only negative experiences were with the front desk and concierge the two times we tried to ask for their help. When we asked the front desk to call us a taxi for the theatre, we were told that they would not call a taxi until we were in the lobby and that they probably wouldn't get one because of the time of day. Then they transferred our call to the concierge, who wasn't there and didn't answer. The front desk can see the concierge desk, so they shouldn't have transferred us to an empty station. (That being said, we went down and found the concierge out front, and he was very helpful in getting us a taxi.)We also asked about getting a voucher for the circle boat tour around Manhattan, which the hotel advertises as a service. But it's not much of a service when the voucher is non-refundable and doesn't guarantee a time or place on the boat and isn't any cheaper than ordering yourself online.Overall, a good hotel for the location and price.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>californianonthemove
<Content>Consider the plusses Not sure what to expect given what seemed to be a below-average price for a decent hotel in nyc ($237 a night before taxes), but was pleased by the location, hotel staff, large and comfortable room and attractive decor. Tiny lobby with nothing to do there but pass by on the way to your room, and no real dining options. However, if what you want is a modern, clean hotel in a super location, this is a fine choice.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>JMRN
<Content>Definitely a place to return to in NYC! I have stayed in this hotel three times already and have a reservation to return in July. I have nothing but good things to say about the Courtyard Times Square South! Its proximity to the subway can't be beat; and this is how we always travel when we visit NYC. It is right next to Bryant Park, which offers a great place to sit, people watch, eat (try breakfast or lunch from 'Wichcraft), and even take your laptop (free WiFi in the park). The rooms are a great size for NYC. We've stayed at three other places and keep returning to this Courtyard. We've never had a problem with cleanliness; the rooms always smell fresh and look clean upon arrival. We've managed to get an Empire State building view once; and usually have a small fridge in the bathroom which is handy for storing soft drinks/bottles of water. As mentioned in many other reviews, there is free internet, a safe in-room, and coffee 24/7 in the lobby. We've had to store our luggage with the bellman each trip; sometimes because of early arrival and no room avaiable yet, and each trip because we weren't leaving the city until later in the day and needed to leave our bags at the hotel until time to head for the airport. For the price and location, you couldn't ask for a better room in midtown.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>itraveltotravel
<Content>Brilliant views of the Empire State Building! I stayed here for eight nights and can't recommend it enough. I asked for a room with a view and I got it - the Empire State Building. The king size, comfortable bed had seven soft pillows on it, flatscreen TV, wonderful light streaming in, and plenty of room for your purchases.There's no room service, but with New York at your doorstep who needs it? There's a coffee maker and empty fridge in each room. Downstairs, there's free coffee, a small shop selling junk food and drinks, a vending machine and ice. You can also order a breakfast in the morning, which was delicious and affordable for hotel standards (but you're better off going to the deli next door for a $3 breakfast).The internet terminal downstairs is free, too, but understandably this was often busy.Staff were so friendly - I had no problems cashing travellers' cheques or asking advice about things such as airport transfers.The basement gym was small but modern, with TVs attached to virtually every piece of equipment.Location is great - just five mins walk from Herald Square and Times Square is just around the corner (but not too close as to cause headaches!). Bryant Park is also good for a laze.This place is one of my favourites in New York - it's not the most glamorous but it's comfortable, it's clean, there are brilliant views and it's central. What more could you want?  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mjohns7861
<Content>Great location, great price, simply a great hotel Having stayed at the Marriot Courtyard on 5th Avenue, I happen to like this one better. The hotel is superbly located. You are one block from the subway and minutes away from the theatre district. Bryant Park is a block away. This property is only 2-3 blocks away from the other Marriot Courtyard but again, I think a bit better located and somehow a bit more pleasing in my opinion.By Manhattan standards I thought our room was huge. We had a room with a king size bed. Like all Marriot Courtyard properties the bed was soft and luxiorius. We however found the bed too soft for our liking. Our room featured a vice nice and large LCD TV and large closet.It is worth noting the building the hotel is located in is exceptionally narrow. As a result there are only 6-8 rooms on each floor. Our room was very quiet and heard very little from adjoining rooms.If we had a complaint, it was the bathroom. The door had an awful creaking noise when we opened and closed it and we suspect waked others on the floor. The bathroom lacked a fan, so steam would linger in the bathroom for hours.Staff was friendly and helpful. The hotel has a small snack area where you can buy drinks (including beer) and other small items. Breakfast is served in the lobby as well but we did not try this and presume this is not included in the room rate.Overall, an excellent location, comfortable room, and having stayed in 6-8 different NYC hotels on prior visits possibly the best I have stayed in, keeping in mind I am more of a budget traveller.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>luffsnoopy
<Content>A real gem in NYC       Love the rainshower shower head!  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kph100
<Content>Excellent location Stayed for two nights at start of 10 day trip visiting relatives in NJ and a trip to New England.Arrived 2 hours before check in and room was ready.Had booked a good rate through hotel website for winter weekend special. Had quoted ESB view, but there was certainly no view of empire state from my room. Not fussed thou.Room was clean, beds comforable. Only issue was on second night was noisy other residents at 3am for half an hour running between rooms shouting.Hotel is located in excellent locality.Overall a good place to for our first stay in NYC for 2 years. Would reccomend.Whilst in new york visit the Ground zero museum in the meat packer district - superb.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>kceesse
<Content>Affordable Comfort I really enjoyed the stay. It is located at 41st/Broadway, which is like 3 blocks away from Times Square - super close. Also within 10 blocks of Top Of The Rock (a must see!). Pros- Very comfortable bedding- Quick response by Housekeeping staff- Coffee/Tea maker in room and in lobby- Room is not too small - just right- Plasma TV- Clean - Good service/hospitality- Free internet (wireless with good connectivity)- Lots and lots of good restaurants and small restaurants nearby, since this is afterall Times - Convinence Store nearby- Fitness Center- Good air conditioning- privacy - room key to enter hotel at night, and elevator floors at all times- iron boardCons- Phone call to Reception can take over 5 minutes, so if you want something, either call Operator or House Keeping, much faster- Water pressure quite slow at showers- $7 Fiji water by table side, don't buy it, it cost $1.5 at the convinence store nearby- not enough table - only one small working desk- not enough chair - only one chair and no sofasOverall, this is a great and very comfortable hotel. It's no non-nonsense value with its affordable pricing is very good for business travelers and leisure travelers like me. I will recommend it to everyone. It may not be as grand and huge as Marriott Marquis, or have the beautiful atrium, it is way cheaper and very comfortable. Note that it is not grand or luxurious, it is excellent for value.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SCAMP-on-TOUR
<Content>Fantastic Hotel, Amazing City       Bedroom with plenty of space with wardrobe behind me!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Wackey
<Content>Perfect place My husband and I stayed here recently for 6 nights and we had an awesome time. The moment we walked through the doors we were greeted with friendly smiling faces. The staff here are amazing, right down to housekeeping. They were always willing to help make our stay in New York memorable. Nothing was a bother to them. The hotel room was huge !!! We had 2 double beds, a baby crib and 7 suitcases and there was still plenty of room to walk around. The hotel location is perfect. Its only a couple of minutes walk to Times Square. We found we walked to most places whilst there as it was so close to many attractions. Theres free coffee in the lobby and also apples and oranges at the front desk which was good to take for a snack. There was a large modern gymnasium with flat screen tv's all round. Best of all there was a laundry which we found very useful as we had been travelling around for a month before we arrived in NY. We didnt eat at the hotel as there are plenty of places close by but a couple of times we ordered takeout which was delivered to the hotel. The hotel can provide you with a list of menus. I have nothing bad to say about this hotel and I found New Yorkers to be the friemdliest of people. I would definately stay here again and recommend it to anyone. I cant wait to go back !!!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lolow
<Content>Matchless in Midtown This hotel is so well located, within walking distance of Grand Central Terminal, and ideal for theatergoers. It is a fairly new tall and narrow building squeezed between two larger ones so there's little natural light, but the rooms are what you'd typically expect from a Marriott Courtyard, and surprisingly roomy for Manhattan...clean with comfortable bedding and plush towels, free internet, good in-room coffee (avoid the lobby machine stuff), flat screen TV, and most of all, a very professional and helpful staff. (We did not choose to use their breakfast option). And the price...$299 for a king-size... is matchless for a nice place in midtown. We will definitely return.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sdsansky
<Content>Great Location! We are finishing up a 5 night stay today at the Courtyard Mariott Times Square South. I booked directly on Mariott's website using my Mariott rewards number and a credit card. We booked for a double double which we received.The common areas-neat and clean. Concierge desk available to assist you with show tixs and other excursions. They offer a breakfast, I did not partake and don't know the cost. I can say that the wait staff gave my husband some complimentary snack bars for our toddler. I thought that was nice. There is a free coffee machine outside of elevator if you are interested.Security-need to use your key card to access all floors in the elevator. A good feature. The Room (Pro's)-A decent size for a NYC hotel.  Nice sized flat screen LCD TV, complimentary wireless internet. We had a bit of a view of The Empire State Building from our room on the 26th floor which was nice. The bathroom was a fine size-bathtub/shower, complimentary shower products. Keurig single serve coffee machine in room.The Room (Con's)-The double beds seemed on the small size to me (but they were comfortable...).The bathroom sink was right in with the toilet and tub/shower not outside the door as typical in other hotels. That was a little annoying. The bathroom door swung shut automatically and there is no fan in the bathroom so to let steam from the shower disapate you have to prop a shoe or suitcase to hold door open. The cable never came in great on some of the channels-local standard channels like NBC. We weren't there to watch TV so it wasn't a huge deal but it was a bit annoying. The room never cooled off very well for us. Even though it is April it has been in the 70's all week and we like it cool. If it were really summer this would have been a problem. $8 for a bottle of water in the room-come on. I just paid $300 per night!!Housekeeping was NOT great. Our floor was not vacuumed even once during our stay, our individual coffee packets were not filled daily after we used them in the Keurig machine, nor were the coffee mugs and plastic water glasses replaced. One day housekeeping changed the sheets and left some of them piled inside the door rather than taking them for washing. For nearly $300 per night I wasn't impressed with this.Location-Great. Just on the lower tip of Times Square. We actually walked with stroller and rolling suitcase from Penn Station-6 NYC Blocks on a Sunday. There is a Duane Reed Drugstore on corner to pick up snacks, drinks magazines and essentials. Subway also on corner (if you are going to see The Mets you can take the Express 7 all the way to Shea right here!). It's NYC so you can get almost anything you want to eat/drink by walking a block or two in any direction! Go out of hotel and take a right-walk to end of block to lovely Bryant Park. Get a sausage sandwich and relax. Let the kids ride the Carousel there for $2 per ride.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>1972j
<Content>Fine place to stay, but don't expect luxury or anything special The Courtyard Times Square South is fine. The hotel is in a good location, you have nice views of the Empire State Building, and the staff is very friendly. However, it's still just ok- there are a lot of other hotels in the same price category that are nicer and offer more amenities (for example, the Residence Inn right around the corner which is newer and much nicer for roughly the same price, or the Millenium Broadway which is also just around the corner and is also a better stay). I'm actually really surprised that the Courtyard is ranked so high on trip advisor, I've stayed at a lot of hotels in NYC, and this isn't one I'd place in the top 20That being said my only real complaint with my stay is with the bathroom- it could use an update. It felt very dated and was incredibly small. I did appreciate the free wireless internet- that is a very nice feature that I wish other hotels would offer rather than charging $12 or $15 a day. And, as I said before, the hotel staff deserves high marks for being friendly and accessible.All in all, the Courtyard is an ok stay and if you get a good deal, you'll enjoy your stay. If, however, there are other Times Square-area hotels about the same price, I'd stay there instead.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	5	-1	5	

<Author>tinkerbell1979
<Content>Excellent central located hotel This was a great hotel which was in the middle of everything you want to see in New York, other reviews said you were close to places like Times Square but I didn't believe how close until I got there, it is a great location.The hotel itself was very clean Rooms were a great size and the service was excellent.Price was fantastic for a hotel in this location and was more than worth it.Would most definatly return to this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>OldC0dger
<Content>Two old codgers loved this hotel We are a couple in our 60's and this was our first trip to New York. We stayed at The Courtyard for five nights and would recommend this hotel. We booked direct with Marriott requesting a view of the Empire State Building and extra pillows, which we got. Room was large and clean. Bed extremely comfortable. A problem with our coffee maker was fixed while we were sightseeing. Staff were helpful although when speaking to Chris at reception he was not aware the hotel was so highly rated as he had not visited the Tripadvisor site. (I think this should be a matter of routine for all hotel staff)We liked the fact that it was in a quiet position, but within five minutes we were at Time Square and the theatres. Took breakfast at The Red Flame (5 minute walk, and also recommended by Tripadvisor) which was excellent.Will recommend this hotel to friends and family visiting New York.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>PennsylvaniaJosie
<Content>Watch your belongings To start, I was suprised that the double room we reserved was so big! For a New York hotel the room was huge. We arrived early and our room was ready before noon on a Saturday, also a big surprise. The extremely friendly and professional staff had us checked in quickly. When I first walked in I thought the room looked very clean, however, after a long trip I had to use the bathroom almost immediately and dismay set in. The bathroom had stains on the floors and the countertop. Although those were the most obvious, the bathroom just didn't seem like it had been cleaned in a LONG TIME. After seeing the bathroom I must admit that I lifted the sheets and checked for bed bugs, I am happy too report, there weren't any. The bed and linens were clean and there were plenty of extra pillows. The second night I was there I had money stolen from my room. Although it amounted to only about $15.00 in change that I left in a cup on the desk, it was still gone. Then I had to go through all my belongings, check for all my credit cards and jewerly, and hope that I didn't miss anything. I was worried the rest of the time that I was there that something else was stolen. Even weirder, when I complained to the front desk, it almost seemed routine the way they had me sign a petty cash slip and handed over the $15.00. No continential breakfast, the ice machine is way down in the basement where there is no security, the coffeee was from a machine and terrible and the phone in between the two double beds didn't work! There was no climate control, it was either hot or freezing.All in all, out of all the hotels in NYC that I stayed at, this was the worst. The price was right, the room was big, but the rest just stunk! Literally, the room stunk!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	4	3	2	

<Author>EarnestTourist
<Content>Better than Many at Similar Price The room was a decent size and in good shape, the staff were very helpful, the location is convenient, and there was no street noise. For the price, you can't do much better in NYC.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Numbersdiva
<Content>Will stay here again       View from our room at night  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>acardwell
<Content>Unresponsive staff and at least one filthy room I stayed here for a business trip. I called ahead to tell them I'd be arriving late. They put me in the last room they had, or so they told me when I checked in. The room was on the 2nd floor right by the elevator, so not plum location, but I was OK with it was I was getting in so late and wanted to go to bed.As soon as I got in the room, all looked find. Went to use the bathroom, and there were tiny flies all around the bathroom. Maybe about 25-50 of them. Disgusting! When I called down, they said they didn't have any room to move me to, and that they'd send a guy up to check out the scene.The guy came up, checked it out, and was also grossed out like I was. He radioed down to the front desk guy but from the hallway (didn't want me to hear what they talked about). The guy came back in and said they'd move me to another room. So much for me having the last open room!The new room wasn't awesome but at least it was clean! But the real kicker about this whole thing is that I was paying like $350 a night to stay here!! Insane. You'd think I'd be sleeping in some palatial digs for that amount or at least getting awesome service. No such luck.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	2	2	2	2	

<Author>Livelife2fullest
<Content>Loved It!!!       View from our room on 28th Floor - Partial View of Empire State Building!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mydiamondisforever
<Content>A Great Experience       hotel room view 2  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>ritchie116
<Content>valentines weekend My wife and I have just returned today from a 4 night stay at the hotel for valentines weekend. We booked the hotel after reading the reviews on trip advisor, which has become our reliable holidaying guide. The hotel: LOCATION - 500 yards from times square, 6 blocks from Macy's and empire, 1 1/2 blocks from 5th ave, subway on corner, Bryant park (which is lovely) 1 block away, overall an excellent location. Also stayed on high floor so absolutely no noise. ROOM - Not the most modern but accaptable, after all we didnt go from Scotland all the way to New York for the room. STAFF - Extremely happy and helpful throughout the entire stay. WOULD WE STAY THERE AGAIN - Absolutely, If you are on a budget and want a value hotel then this is the one. If you expect luxury then this is not for you.Overall new york was wonderful. Breakfast at the Red flame diner on 42nd and 6th, is FAB. O'lunneys Irish bar on 43rd and 7th was great for both drink and food. We tipped the barman $2 every time we bought a drink and every 3rd drink we would get 1 on the house. Woodbury common (a 1hr bus ride from port authority) for bargains is unbelievable, especially if you're British because of the dollar. A horse and cart ride for $34 in central park is also wonderful.The End  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Hypnos
<Content>Convenient, great location Marriott Courtyard Times Square is conveniently located near Times Square, right nearby lovely Bryant Park. Friendly staff (if a bit over-attentive), well appointed rooms, although there was a constant cold draft going through which was uncomfortable. Free wireless internet was a big plus. An overall nice hotel  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>astronomer-at-large
<Content>good room and location Comfortable room, smallish but have had worse in central New York. Short walk to bus from Newark and subway stations. Reasonable breakfasts in room on ground floor at back.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>5Sally5
<Content>Excellent room and location I took my two daughters (aged 26 and 19) here for a long weekend treat. We shared a room with two queen doubles - THE most comfortable beds we've ever had in a hotel. Really lovely mattresses and linen. Plenty of space in the room, which also had a desk, desk chair (no armchair, but that's OK), chest of drawers and wardrobe with good mirrors. Bathroom quite small but fine; shower over bath had good pressure. TV and clock radio with I-Pod docking station. Safe in closet. An added bonus to our very comfortable stay was that we had a brilliant view of the Empire State Building; we were on the 25th floor (I had requested a high floor in my booking and we were delighted). The staff were pleasant and helpful. Free coffee in the foyer. We didn't breakfast at the hotel as it wasn't in our deal, but there were lots of local places to choose from. Absolutely brilliant location. So easy to get everywhere we wanted to go, either by walking, subway or taxi. Close to Times Square for the night time buzz, but not disturbed by any noise from there as we had a room at the rear of the hotel. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kerrymay23
<Content>Great Stay We chose this hotel for our visit to New York after reading many positive reviews on this site. Our trip took in Thanksgiving last year and was we in the ideal spot to take in the Macy's Thanksgiving Parade we literally walked out the hotel and turned left and slapped bang into the parade route. Just on the corner of Broadway and 42nd we could not be located any better for Times Square and Macy's a stone's throw away, and it was such excellent value. The rooms were clean and more spacious than expected after hearing about New York's legendary small hotel rooms, they had modern decor and flat screen tv not that we spent much time awake in there. All in all a very nice stay so much so that looking to stay again when next vist.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>hydepark
<Content>Good Find Spent one night at this hotel. Was happy with the room on the 27th floor facing 40th St., although there is no view. Room was small but comfortable. Check-in was fast and check-out can be done by voicemail. Free wireless Internet reliable. A personal safe in the room was big enough to hold a notebook computer. There were few inconveniences. There is no ice or vending machine on the floor. You need to go down to the lower lobby level. But once you're there, there is plenty of drinks and snacks. Also, the drain in the bathtub is very noisy.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	5	

<Author>DougCG
<Content>Justifiably popular I chose this hotel for business travel based largely on its high ratings from TripAdvisor reviewers, and I wasn't disappointed. Although the hotel is located on a nondescript stretch of W. 40th St., it's within walking distance of every major midtown attraction as well as NYC's major subway lines. Request a high floor and an Empire State Building view for a touch of flair; otherwise, simply enjoy the convenience of being just outside of NYC's hubbub (in contrast to the Marriott Marquis a few blocks north; where you have to fight the Times Square crowds to get to your hotel).The amenities are impressive. My room came with free wireless internet (better than the free wired connection promised by the hotel website), which was fast and flawless, a *huge* plus. The modestly sized flat-screen TV was a nice touch; more important was the content, all free of charge, on the TV- several dozen stations, including HBO, Showtime, Cinemax and The Movie Channel. Keeping the only ice machines in the basement was an odd quirk, but the free coffee machine in the lobby made up for it. Can't give the hotel credit for this one, but it was great having a falafel cart parked right down the road all night.The rooms are fine, the location is good, and the staff is friendly, but what really distinguishes this place is the convenience of the free wireless internet, TV with enough channels to make it watchable, and a worry-free stay.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	3	-1	5	

<Author>luvtolaf62
<Content>Great location, clean room, overall good choice! My husband and I stayed at the Courtyard last Saturday night and were very happy with our stay. The hotel is within easy walking distance to all the theatres; the room was very clean and comfortable; the gym is adequate for a simple workout and the staff was friendly. As previous reveiwers mentioned, the elevators can be a little slow, but it wasn't a major problem. For the price, I think this hotel is a bargain for New York City and would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Didsbury_Ryder
<Content>Excellent location, pleasant hotel We stayed here on Christmas Eve. We only had a night in New York, and we wanted a good location over all else. The hotel certainly has it - a couple of blocks from Times Square (but a quiet street) and close to everything in Midtown.The hotel is a standard business hotel - no hassle, nothing spectacular (although a lot of pillows, and an LCD TV!) but big rooms for NYC, clean, nice, very pleasant. We didn't have a view of anything exciting, but never mind.Paid $139 including all taxes and charges - for a really pleasant hotel in a brilliant location this was excellent value.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>traveldaydream
<Content>Great Location!!! Stayed at this hotel MLK weekend. The location was perfect for us. We went on the grayline tours, which picked up a few blocks away in Times Square. Very convenient location. Subway was half a block away. Walked uptown and downtown very easily. Liberty Airport shuttle very convenient, a couple of block away at Bryant Park. Not to mention the price was nice, $179 a night.Our room was clean and comfortable. NIce sized room with nice sized closet. The front desk personnel was always friendly. Internet access available in lobby, which allowed us to checkin and print out our boarding passes. I would definatley stay here again and recommend to others.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>DublinVisitor07
<Content>Fantastic Hotel! Given that it was around New Years and Hotels were generally expensive my wife and I were extremely happy the location and facilities this Hotel provides.It is approximately 5 minutes walk to both Times Square and Herald Square (Macys) which is ideal for those who are concerned with Shopping.The room was quite spacious for Manhattan and was very clean. The Lobby was small but provided Tea/Coffee facilities and free Internet which was an added bonus.I would recommend this hotel to anyone going to New York, in particular if they are looking to be central while not compromising on the quality of the rooms.All in all a great hotel!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>JULIAHOLIDAYS
<Content>Excellent Value I stayed in the Marriot court yard for a pre-christmas break 2 years ago. I stayed with 3 friends, and we were given a room with 2 double beds. The room was of average size, with decent size bathroom. The best thing about this hotel is the location. It is on 42nd street, just 1 block from time square, and is central enough to walk anywhere! There is an irish bar across the street, and also a nice bar to the left of the hotel entrance - we ate there and the food was delicious, they did a lovely sunday brunch! Briant park is at the end of the street, where they have lovely little sunday markets and there are lots of places to eat nearby! I would say this hotel is a better rating than a 2 star. It certainly compares highly with most 4* hotels i have stayed in! Staff were excellent, very helpful and always keen to assist!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CanadianInMotion
<Content>Good Hotel but slow elevators and limited views We stayed at this hotel on December 26, 2007 and had a partial Empire State Building view on a high floor.The lobby area was small but well decorated and the room was a good size for Manhattan and well decorated. We paid a special rate of $169, direct from Marriott.I would rate the hotel as a 3 star. It has both good and bad qualities.The good:- The location is great - a block or two from Times Square- The staff were friendly and helpful- The price was good for the areaThe bad:- The front of the hotel was under renovation and was not much to look at.- With over 30 floors, the few elevators (also used by service personnel) are not sufficient. This results in long waits at times.- The view from our room on the back of the hotel did include part of the Empire State Building but also included a poorly maintained old office building directly across the street.I would recommend the Courtyard Times Square South if the price is right. There are probably better choices in the area but not at the price we paid.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>hermars
<Content>Great location for a good price My husband and I stayed there for Christmas eve and day. The rooms are clean and enough if you are just visiting NYC for a few days. The location was the best - 2 blocks from Times Square and right across the street from Bryant Park. The staff was nice and accomodating. I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>0ntheroadagain
<Content>Not so much After a wonderful 4 night stay at the Hilton Garden Inn, we headed over to the Marriott Courtyard TS for a weekend stay using rewards. We were expecting a similar experience here based on all of the reviews. Unfortunately, our stay was OK at best. We're guessing housekeeping just finished cleaning the room as it reeked of air freshener, and a the refridgerator wasn't cleaned out from the previous guests. Our room was more along the lines of a motel - it was tiny, and the furniture was very worn. It definitely needed a facelift. The bathroom door wouldn't stay open, so we had to put a towel down to hold it open, otherwise, the bathroom was really muggy after showers, and the mirror stayed fogged. We had a king bed  a roll away for our son, and it was a really tight fit - two nights was all we could stand of our tiny room. Being a Marriott Rewards Platinum member, we expected a nicer room, however, we did stay on points  made use of the coin laundry facilities, so our main reasons for staying were accomplished.  I will say the staff was very friendly, and the hotel is in a great location - we could walk to just about anything in the Times Square area, and the subway was just steps away. The location is what makes this hotel high in the ratings. Personally, I feel there are better choices.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	3	5	5	

<Author>KASheely
<Content>Great Location - Has a fly problem in Room 204 We stayed in this hotel November 15 - 18th. You cannot beat the location and the price for Manhattan. I was traveling with my incredibly spry 83 year old mother. When we checked in - the only room available was the handicapped accessable room - which is just fine with us - and especially in Manhattan where this usually results in a larger room. (Room #204). We checked in the and bathroom had flies. Many flies. My mom felt certain these came up through the sewer drain in the unusual shower set up for a wheelchair. She was probably right. We reported this and asked for the room to be sprayed while we were out to dinner. Still had flies. Next day - reported the fly problem - received a lovely apology and breakfast coupons and a promise to spray - still had flies. Next day - flies. Reported again. Checked out with flies. Simple bleach in the drain would have cured the problem. I am a frequent Marriott stay-er and reported this on the web site. No response. Good thing I am a hardy girl from the Midwest and not afraid of bugs.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>divirtual
<Content>Good location, Internet problems The location of this hotel, southeast of Times Square, makes it a good choice for the business traveller.On this trip, however, I had major problems with the Internet. On my first room on the 5th floor, my laptop could see one access point, but couldn't connect. I called the help line, and they reset the router. To check that it wasn't my computer, I went down to the lobby, and connected immediately to the network.I requested a different room, and was moved up to the 15th floor. My computer can now see three access points, but doesn't seem to connect to the closest. Internet access is extremely slow ... which makes it impossible to do any real work.I wrote a note to the management this morning, about the Internet problem, saying that I had more reservations at this location this month. The Internet is still a problem tonight. I've now made a reservation to move to the Residence Inn across the street for the weekend. On Monday, I may or may not check back into this hotel, because I normally get a lot of work done in the hotel ... but not on this trip.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>TysonsTraveler8
<Content>Comfortable stay After reading the reviews above, my husband and I stayed at this hotel on Dec 24-26, 2007. I think the reviews were representative of the stay--the room was on the 24th floor, it was very quiet, clean, and comfortable. The room and bathroom were a little on the small side, but that is New York. The important thing is that it was a clean, well-appointed room. We slept well. All the hotel staff we dealt with were very nice and accomodating. Liked how they had free internet (with printer) in the hotel lobby. We ate breakfast in the hotel restaurant on 12/25 and it was more than adequate and reasonably priced for a sit down breakfast. Note that the rate we paid per night was $150 (this is the AAA rate from the Marriott.com website). Considering the price (assuming I could get this rate again), location (steps from Times Square/Bryant Park) and the room, I would definitely consider staying here again.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MexGal
<Content>Fantastic - Location, Service - Everything!! This Hotel is FANTASTIC and I will definitely recommend it. It is a little gem in the heart of New York - not expensive at all, very clean, friendly staff, wonderful atmosphere - we enjoyed every minute we stayed at this hotel. The location is excellent - near all the attractions. We stayed there over christmas - it was a wonderful experience. I will definitely return to the Marriot Courtyard!!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>irishgypsy88
<Content>A wonderful experience I stayed at the Courtyard for a romantic getaway weekend just before Christmas, and it was a terrific weekend. The hotel wasn't too difficult to find and the accommodations were high class. I felt safe since the elevators required a hotel key to access upper floors and the room was much bigger than usual NYC hotels provide. I asked for a room with a view of the Empire State Building, and we could see it, sort of. A room on another part of the floor would have given a better view, but oh, well.The only problem we encountered was when we went to retrieve our car from valet upon leaving. There was a $48.00 charge per day (which they didn't mention...they should say that up front, even though I still would have paid it would've been nice to know) and they kept us waiting for nearly an hour while our car was fetched. It turned out that it had been there for a half hour or so, but no one said anything (we were sitting in the lobby by the door the whole time). They did take off one night's charge for the valet for making us wait unnecessarily, so that was a good thing.All in all, it was great to have easy access to the subway and all Times Square attractions (easy walking distance). Everyone was terrifically friendly and helpful and I would stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>JB2go
<Content>Location, location, location It's like the real estate people say -- location really does matter. If you're into theater, this place this perfect. Only about 10-15 minutes' walk from the theater district, but thankfully away from the madness of Times Square. Just a block from Grand Central (meaning lots of subway connections), right off of Fifth Avenue . . . I mean, what else can you ask? What's more -- given NYC prices and the neighborhood -- it was fairly priced. Clean, comfortable, good service, all that.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Renoir184
<Content>Great place to stay in NYC! We have just spent Christmas in NYC and stayed at the Courtyard Times Square South. This hotel will not disappoint! The rooms are very clean and very comfortable. The front desk and concierge staff are extremely friendly and very accommodating. The location can't be beat - - - just steps away from the 42nd Street subway to the west and the Bryant Park subway to the east. Breakfast available in the hotel, although we didn't partake given the high prices. Walked everywhere - and this is possible because of the central location. We will DEFINITELY stay here once again - great value, great staff, great price, great hotel!  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ratherbtravellingnow
<Content>Great price, room and location for the price       View of Empire State Building  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SDNW
<Content>Expectations fulfilled We booked this hotel after reading wholly positive reports on Tripadviser and were not disappointed. We requested, and got, a room with a view of the Empire State Building. Room was immaculately clean. Beds really comfy though I practically needed a stepladder to climb in over the mountainous layers of mattress toppers/duvet and pillows. Super flat screen TV and v useful proper fridge.The hotel is amazingly quiet. No corridor noise or traffic noise . Staff were friendly and helpful and really made us feel welcome.The location is excellent. Couple of blocks to subway, 6 blocks to Macy's [closer than it sounds] and we loved the incredibly pretty [it snowed!] Bryant Park with its ice rink and many interesting holiday shops which was literally at the end of the block.I couldn't believe how safe and cleanNY felt [compared with London]and how friendly everyone was. A complete contrast to my last visit 25 yrs ago.Shopping was fantastic. Century 21 a must. We enjoyed Ellis Island and stumbled upon a very interesting and moving record of 9/11 and the rescue efforts at St Pauls Chapel, the small church next to Ground Zero  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>peterc
<Content>Great central hotel       View of Empire State Building from our room  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>worldglobetrotter
<Content>Will Return to the Courtyard Times Square My husband and I booked this hotel for our Thanksgiving getaway. I've stayed in a number of other NY hotels and have had semi-traumatic experiences, so I was naturally anxious to see the quality of the rooms at the Courtyard. We were not disappointed. The rooms were spacious by NY standards, and, more importantly they were very clean. The beds were incredibly comfortable. The only complaint about the room was the size of the bathroom - and the fact that the bathroom did not have an exhaust fan - which can make getting ready in the AM a challenge. The staff was amazing and super friendly. The free coffee in the lobby helped compensate for the over-priced breakfast. There is a Pax a couple blocks away where you can get a reasonably priced breakfast. Also, Bryant Park is nearby that has a wonderful cafe and great little shops. The location was great - centrally located to all the sights and w/in minutes of the subway. Waiting for the elevators at the end of a long day was a minor inconvenience. This hotel is also a great locale if you are wanting to watch the Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade without getting crushed by the crowds. We were able to watch the parade, while also having the convenience of going in and out of the hotel to get coffee and take breaks. If you are looking for a trendy NY boutique - then this probably isn't the place. But I also know from experience that these hip boutiques can sometimes be a huge disappointment in terms of comfort and cleanliness. This hotel will not disappoint if comfort, cleanliness, locaton, and friendliness are your priorities.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>goldcardluke
<Content>Exactly as I hoped for after reading the reviews       The outside of the hotel  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Sirlesnoden
<Content>Great Location This hotel is in a perfect location and our stay was out of this world. Times Square is a 5 min walk!! The hotel itself is currently being updated and our room was fine and the bed was amazingly comfortable...Don't bother with the coffee in your room as there is free tea and coffee machine in the lobby.. Use this....Be warned however that the price quoted DOES NOT INCLUDED LOCAL TAX. A typical 4 night stay will add a further æ‹¢120 to the quote you get from this website...For those wishing to do New York on a budget I would pay more to get a better quality hotel as the the additional travel costs make it not worth it..... Location fantastic, close to Macys, Empire State Building Broadway Shows Times Square..However, when we were there the broadway shows were still on strike. We had an amazing time and nothing was too much trouble for the staff.I would highly recommed this hotel. Would we go back??? YES.RegardsLee  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Frqnt-trvller
<Content>Highly recommended for a good value stay in Manhattan My brother and I spent a few days in this hotel and we were pleasantly surprised by how accurate the previous reviews on this site were. The hotel is very well located - right in the middle of Manhattan on 40th Street between 7th Ave  Broadway - and minutes away from Times Square. There is even a subway station 20 seconds away!We were on the 28th floor, which was amazing in terms of acoustics as we did not hear any of the typical New York sounds. The room itself (we had two double beds) was spacious (even by non-NYC standards) and clean. The beds were ultra comfortable and the bathroom was adequate.The service from the staff was always polite and helpful, with lots of friendly faces and always a good morning/ afternoon/ evening. The hotel may be a little soul-less and if you are looking for a unique boutiquey experience, then this is not the place for you, but considering the price, location, and quality of the place, I would highly recommend it as a place to stay when in NYC!!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>pvg
<Content>Very good stay Just got back from a 4 night stay in NYC at the CY Marriott Times Square. We arrived late on a Thurs night, only to find out the hotel was overbooked. However they arranged for us to stay at the CYM 5th Avenue down the street at no charge to us. Given the rack rate for that hotel was $570/night, it was a very nice gesture that was much appreciated. They were even willing to pay for a cab to take us there, but as it was only 1.5 blocks, we decided to walk it. They threw in some free bottled water and sent us on our way.We checked back in the following day right after 12 noon, after checking out of the other hotel. I thought there was no way our room would be ready, but it was. We asked for a quiet room, as the stay at the other hotel had been facing 40th and we could hear the sound of trucks and taxis all night long. They put us on the 6th floor overlooking the narrow entrance to the hotel. The floor only had 8 rooms on it. We couldn't hear a single noise from outside, although sometimes the hallway would get loud with doors opening/shutting and elevators operating.The room was decently sized (about twice the size of the CYM 5th Ave room) and very comfortable. The bed was terrific - hubby said he hadn't slept so well in months. Not much else to say about it; everything was in proper working order and we had no complaints.The hotel is well-located between 6th and Broadway, half a block to Bryant Park and just a few minutes to the heart of Times Square. The front office staff was generally very courteous and helpful. We used the concierge a couple times, including getting tix to Young Frankenstein just two hours before the show. We had a couple of large purchases delivered to the hotel and had no problems picking them up from the front desk (they even left a message on our phone that the deliveries had arrived). We didn't try the restaurant, but there are so many great places to eat just steps from the front door.Towncar to the hotel from JFK cost us $46 plus tolls and tip. The return, which we arranged through the concierge, was about $75 including tolls and tip. On advice of the staff, we headed out at 6 am for a 9 am flight on a Monday morning, but made it to the airport by 6:30!I would definitely stay here again and recommend it to anyone looking for a good hotel in NYC. Rates were also pretty decent - considerably lower than any of the Starwood or other Marriotts I checked out.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>unb12
<Content>loved the marriott Went to new york city for a girls trip for 4 nights.Were looking for a hotel in times square ,so expect to pay more.The hotel staff were excellent and helpful.When we needed a cab ,in the poring rain,the doorman ,umbrella in tow,went out to try to get us a cab,as they were hard to come by on a rainy night.He came through for us.The rooms were good size,and beds were very comfy,and very clean.Location excellent for walking everywhere in the theatre district.Would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JamesSaltLakeCity
<Content>Indifferent, Lying Staff Cost Me Big $$$ We used the valet to park our rental car. When we asked for it to be brought up, hotel staff left it unattended and did not notify us it was there for 15 min. When we got to the car, we were treated to a $115 parking ticket which the hotel has yet to take care of.We also checked our luggage into the bell closet while we did some last minute sight-seeing. My laptop was in a small duffel. When we got our luggage back and I checked my laptop later that day, I discovered the screen was cracked - and cracked to such and extent to suggest that our belongings had been deliberately mishandled.My wife remembered the bellman. When we provided this information, we were assured he was a good employee and he said nothing had happened to our property while it was in their care. Still, the front desk manager, Roman Babekov, told us they would refer the claim to their insurance and gave me a bunch of busywork questions to provide him. When I finally spoke to the adjuster, they told me they were denying the claim. Despite the fact that I have been extremely polite during this whole processs, Babekov et al have now ceased all contact with me and have not offered me any resolution other than sorry.BEWARE.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>1	3	3	3	3	3	1	1	

<Author>jayceeco
<Content>First rate hotel. Just returned from a five night stay in this lovely hotel. Arrived very late and tired and we were checked in and in our room within minutes. Had requested a room with a view of the Empire State Building and we were not disappointed. The bed was extremely comfortable and the room facilities were excellent.The location is perfect, just off Broadway, close to Time Square. We would recommend the open top tour buses that have a 'hop on-hop off' facility, making it the perfect way to get around if you are on a short stay. We booked this through the hotel and the concierge suggested that we paid the 'All Loops' inclusive price, this meant that for $49 we were able to travel downtown, uptown and, best of all, a night time tour across the Madison Bridge to Brooklyn, enabling us to get the best view of the Manhattan Skyline at night. The ticket can be used over two days and well worth the money.We had breakfast in the hotel on the first morning, this was good value but there are so many places to eat in close proximity to the hotel so we tried an assortment of places for the rest of our stay. We made use of the free tea and coffee machine that is located at the rear of the reception area although there was also a coffee maker in the room. It was just so easy to pop down in the lift and collect early morning/late night tea and coffee!All in all, a great trip and when we go back to New York, we won't hesitate to book this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>candidreview_14
<Content>Great location / Helpful Staff I stayed at the Courtyard with a friend after we went to see a play on Broadway. Our room - with 2 queen beds - was a generous size by NYC standards. The room was modern and clean and the beds are the new Marriott beds - quite comfortable! The front desk staff and the concierge were both extremely helpful in making arrangements for dinner and the trip to the airport the following morning. For the price, location  staff courtesy, this hotel is highly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>angeldustYork
<Content>Fantastic We stayed at this hotel following trip advisor recommendations and they were exactly right. The hotel was clean, tidy and staff extremely friendly. The rooms are a very good size and the beds are very comfortable. The shower was very powerful and always very hot. The hotel is ideally located for Times Square and other attractions. We didnt have breakfast in the hotel but if you turn right walking out the hotel Pax's wholesome foods is very reasonable and we had a good breakfast everyday. We would recommend the open top bus tours, good value and a good way to see the city.Overall highly recommended!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>phillytraveler12
<Content>Worth the money!!! I don't usually write reviews about hotels that I stay at for only one night. However, this place was pretty nice. The front desk staff was friendly, everything was clean, and the room was taken care of. It is very centrally located and has some nice restaurants nearby. I would definitely stay there again when I go into manhattan for a show and stay overnight.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ChaChaKy
<Content>Loved this hotel I traveled with a group of 8 women and we stayed in two rooms. We could not have been more pleased. We were on the 26th floor and one of the rooms had an Empire State Bldg view. The rooms were quiet, the beds were incredible, and the rooms were very clean. The staff was very helpful and friendly. Will definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SandraD123
<Content>Perfection ! From reading reviews on TripAdvisor I had high expectations of the Courtyard and I wasn't disappointed. From the moment we checked in until we returned to collect our luggage on the last day we couldn't have asked for more. We arrived slightly earlier than the stated 3:00 check-in but there was no problem with us checking in. The clerk on reception was exceptionally helpful and also provided us with complimentary tote bags which came in very handy for the journey home.The whole hotel is smoke-free with hefty fines for anyone caught smoking in a room. Rooms are spacious and very clean with good storage (wardrobes/drawers) and also a safe. The bathroom is also excellent with a wonderful rain drop shower head and more than enough towels.The beds (twin queen sized in our room, as requested) were the most comfortable I have ever slept in and the hotel is very quiet with hardly any traffic noise audible from outside.Location-wise it is ideal - very close to Times Square and a number of the key attractions with a good number of taxis passing the front door both during the day and in the evening if your feet are tired from pounding the pavements.The concierge was very helpful both with information about attractions and restaurants and there is also a PC with printer available in the lobby which guests can use to access the Internet and check-in for return flights etc - at no charge !All in all a perfect place either for business or leisure trips to the Big Apple.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>parker68SussexNj
<Content>Great location and clean! I am very picky when selecting a hotel. I chose this one because of the location and reputation. I booked directly with the hotel.I was able to pick a room location on line. I prefer lower location rooms. I was given a second floor room. I was very pleased! The room was a good size. Very Clean! The bed was so comfortable, bedding was nice and soft. The pillows were amazing. It actually was better than my bed at home. I would definately reccomend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>neiltc13
<Content>Absolutely Perfect       A fantastic hotel  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alank1101
<Content>Friendly reception The hotel is very convenient to the subway F train, and to times square. Upon arrival, the staff at the reception area were very warm,friendly and welcoming. Although we reserved a king room, only a room with two beds were available, probably because we arrived aroung 6:30pm. But we were put in a king room the following night. Room with the two beds had a small refrigerator, but the king bed room had none. The bathroom door in both room did not stay open, so had to squeeze a small towel under the door to hold it in position. Rooms were clean. Coffee machine in lobby convenient. They should offer breakfast to elite members like the Hilton guest program, but otherwise i would definitely stay here again if the rate is good. Staff at the front made you feel safe by acknowledging those who entered the property.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RachK
<Content>Perfect We stayed here for 3 nights this week having chosen carefully from the reviews on this site, and it was perfect. I was dreading arriving and being disappointed with the room or noise etc, but it was absolutely ideal. It is justifiably in the top 10(ish) of most popular hotels.The hotel could not be in a better location being minutes from Times Square, Bryant Park, Penn Station, Macy's, Grand Central and the Empire States Building.The hotel is shoe-horned into a slim space betweeen two office blocks, but is incredibly well-kept and quiet. The staff were extremely polite and welcoming, the concierge was excellent, and the room was lovely. It is true that the bed was the comfiest I have ever known!I can be quite critical, but cannot find a single fault with this hotel. If you are able to afford to pay about $300 per night, definitely stay here.I am hoping to return to NY and will certainly be back at this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ladybird21
<Content>Very Friendly We have just returned from a 6 night stay at the Courtyard at Mariott in Times Square New York. We were pleasantly surprised to find that the hotel was central and not far from the attractions. We received a very warm welcome from the friendly reception staff. The reception area was very clean and smelt lovely. Our room was small but clean, the bed extremely comfortable. Our telephone charger did not work and the staff went out of their way to find a charger for us. The only disappointment was no bar in the hotel although there were many bars in the surrounding area and actually did not matter. Breakfast was good and again the staff were extremely friendly and helpful.We would definately go there again.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>FionaJM
<Content>Location Location Location !!!! The room while not your typical large Marriott room was still all we needed. Comfortable and quiet in the big apple :-) (room 2506) . I really thought we would have noise simply from being where we were but nothing. Simply a great place to stay. Easy access to the subway (only about a 4 min walk). FREE and fast internet access. The conceirge reccommended a Japanese restaurant not far away Haru (205 west 43rd St) Had a great meal there, would reccommend anyone who likes Japanese to go. There was also a restaurant (about 3 mins walk away) in the hotel information booklet we decided to try. Jacks's Restaurant  Bar was pretty good .. we got the lunch time special Tappas plate and totally enjoyed it. Yes I know there are way too many places around times square to eat but we enjoyed these two very much.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>06kimbo
<Content>Great location and service. A clean and comfortable hotel with free high speed internet, fitness rooom and breakfast room. Great location for many attractions and close to subway. Staff friendly and concierge servvice excellent. All recommendations for restuarants were great and the tickets booked by concierge for Jersey Boys were much cheaper than I could get on internet. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>novaguy30
<Content>Mediocre Although the hotel was decent, I was underwhelmed. I was ignored at check-in, and the staff actually checked in someone who arrived after me. The room was a decent size by NYC standards (which still means small). The room and bathroom were very clean. I had problems with the door to the room, which became quite obvious when I noticed that the door was ajar when I first entered. The door would not close all of the way unless you pushed or pulled (depending on whether you are leaving or entering). Shortly after I had checked in, I mentioned this to a cleaning staff member who was across the hall. She just giggled and said that you have to make sure it is closed. I thought about calling downstairs, but I was only going to be there one night so I figure it would be okay. Another problem was that the bathroom lights did not always completely turn on and it took 15ish minutes for them to heat up and turn on (these were the main lights, not some shower light). I did like that the hotel seemed secure and relatively quiet. One final negative is that there was no ATM machine in the hotel, which of course is a necessity in NYC.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>QueenLizzy
<Content>Great for the price: Courtyard New York Manhattan/Times Square South I took my daughter here for her 16th birthday and we had a long weekend. The staff were very professional and polite but could appear a little intimidating at times. We would have appreciated more advice from them on places to go as it was our first time travelling to NY and as 2 females we were nervous. I asked for a rec Italian restaurant and they sent us to a completely over- fussy expensive one, not at all suitable for our laid back style. The room was excellent as it was quiet, very, very clean and the pillows were like marshmallows ! It is really well priced for where it is situated and i would recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>ExplorerfromFlorida
<Content>Hotel was a little disappointing I booked this hotel based upon the reviews on this site. I have travelled to NYC before, but years ago and this time was special with my husband and step-son (10 yo). It was their first time. The location is great...right off Broadway near Times Square. The hotel was smaller than I thought. The reception was great, however, the room they assigned us (1202, I think) was very musty and had black mold-like stuff on popcorn ceiling in bathroom. We immediately requested another room and was offered one for the next night. (Plus, they gave us breakfast vouchers for the inconvenience.) The new room (1701) was better, although I wouldn't consider it above a B- in quality. I think the hotel rooms generally need a make-over. They show several years of wear and tear. The common areas appear to be newer than the rooms.Despite the rooms, I must say that the staff were extremely pleasant and friendly during the whole stay. We enjoyed it in the city and would stay again...but probably at another hotel to try something different.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>robpco
<Content>Loved this hotel Family stayed here for long four day weekend and loved it! Great location, nice, big rooms and great staff. No question we would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pcottrellny
<Content>Pretty Good Place - A Hidden Gem I travel to New York City quite frequently, so I have had a chance to stay in a few different hotels. I always look by price first, then I come to this website to read the reviews  view the pictures. I stumbled upon this place quite by accident - and I must say, I was extremely pleased by reading the reviews to find a great, well known hotel at a fair price, close to the theatre district, Penn Station, shopping,  Times Square. I paid $199 a night for a king bed (which is considerably nice compared to the other prices I came across for the area). Upon arrival, I was greeted by a very courteous front desk who asked me if I preferred two doubles (I signed up for the king because that was all that was avaiable online - so being offered the doubles was quite nice!). The lobby was small but nicely decorated. Complimentary coffee  tea all day long, but it wasn't from carafes sitting there all day - they had a lovely machine that dispensed the tea  coffee fresh. Nice, well stocked mini store was available, too  not too expensive for New York. Good security arriving back at night - they asked to see the room key  did so politely. Rooms were very good sized - lots of room. Beds were amazingly soft  stocked with abt 6 pillows each. Linens were fresh  clean  soft. All things I love because I am a very uneasy hotel person - I cringe at the slightest bit of poor housekeeping, but in the bedroom area, I was quite comfortable. Great job there. Now, keep in mind that I am extremely squeamish when it comes to hotel bathrooms  I kept this for last - I have to have a bathroom that feels practically new  this wasn't the case. It was clean - don't get me wrong, but I'm just used to bathrooms that I've stayed in other hotels in NEw York  they have been completely done in glossy tiles to have that fresh  new feel. To me, I feel having these tiles gives me a cleaner feeling than wallpaper  while the wallpaper in the bathroom was for the most part clean, I would have preferred it done in tile - floor to wall, to feel comfortable. Plus, the sink top had chips in it  that was a little unappealing to me, too. Also, the ceiling above the tub looked to have what I thought was mold on the white ceiling (I tried not to think abt it as I showered) -  this grayish patches on the white wasn't just a little, it was quite a bit in my opinion. There was also a mini frig under the sink in the bathroom which is nice to have, but my water would be frozen solid in the morning  I couldn't find any way to turn it down - plus a little unappealing having the fridge down under the sink by the toilet. The floor had like paver colored tiles that were quite dated  the grout didn't have that new feeling. Also, when drying our hair in the morning, we blew a fuse  half the room lost power. Called the front desk twice to have fixed - very nice man quickly got on it the second time  followed up with a call to make sure it was on. If they update these bathrooms, this hotel no doubt will be higher on the list of hotels than #8 - it truly is a nice, friendly, affodable, convenient hotel. I will go back.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>wataugamom
<Content>Couldn't have been better! I have stayed in several hotels in NYC and this was the best for the best price. The room was large for NYC standards and the pillow-top mattresses were perfect after long days on our feet. Location was awesome...next to all of the attractions but still in a place where sleep was not disturbed by noise. The biggest plus though was the staff who were always extremely courteous and helpful. After we left we realized that our cellphone was left on the bed. We called and someone was sent to the room while we were still on the phone. The phone couldn't be located and we were disappointed but an hour later the manager called and said he had sent someone to look in the laundry and there it was!! We will definately stay here again!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>meganbeth4
<Content>Pleased, once again! This was my third stay at this hotel. Everyone that works at this Marriott is extremely helpful and friendly. They go out of their way to offer assistance. My son (11 yrs old) and I were visiting NYC for a fun 3 day vacation together. Chris helped us navigate the subway and get to our Yankee Boat and Merrit helped us hail two cabs. The room that we had was just fabulous-quiet, clean and the beds were super comfortable. We were also able to use the computer in the lobby to check our email. We will be back!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sabbie
<Content>Sound asleep in New York! Stayed for 5 nights, beds very comfortable, and one of the quietest hotel rooms we ever stayed in. Spotlessly clean. Great location near Times Square but a couple of blocks down so just out of the hustle and bustle. The staff were all very pleasant and helpful. Would definitely recommend this hotel. If you can get a rate which includes breakfast all the better - unfortunately we couldn't.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pterry13
<Content>Not one complaint! We chose this hotel based on price. Comparable hotels were almost double in price, and I can't imagine that I would have been any more pleased at any of them. I do not have one single complaint about Courtyard Times Square. From the time we checked in, until we checked out, from the bell staff to the maintenance workers, we did not pass by one employee that did not acknowledge us with a smile and a hello, good morning, etc. Our standard room was exceptionally clean and spacious enough for us and our 7 year old. The shower had the extra large raindrop head, as well as a handheld head. The buffet breakfast was included in our rate, with something for any type of diet or taste. Again, even the omelette chef was happy and friendly. The location was perfect. Centrally located, an easy walk to Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Neil Simon Theatre, and more. I have never been more pleased with a hotel experience based solely on rooms, location, and staff. The staff is what really made the experience exceptional!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LesterB
<Content>Loved it! I drained our Marriott Reward acct for a 4 night stay in December 2006 when hotels are reeeeaaaaalllllllllllly pricey in NYC. (I made the reservations 6 months in advance.) The room was not ready til about 4PM (I arrived at 8AM on the red eye). But it was worth the wait--- a spotless, comfortable room with a big cushy bed and a dead-on view of the Empire State Building which was all lighted up in red and green. There was soft Christmas music playing when I walked in!Free internet. Fast elevator. Fantastic location. I was in heaven andit was free (the rooms were going for $500 a night that week!)  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Snarky
<Content>Excellent location, excellent hotel This hotel was oversold my first night. I arrived around midnight to find that they didn't have a room for me. They gave me $20 for cab fare and sent me to the Courtyard at 53rd and 3rd for the night. That hotel gave me a room, no questions asked, without even asking for my credit card. (An aside: that Courtyard was very nice; if I need to be on that side of town, I'll definitely consider that hotel.)I returned to the Courtyard Times Square South the following day and got a room. They apologized again, and gave me a voucher for free breakfast the next day, as well as some bonus Marriott points for the inconvenience. My room was large, with a LCD TV, comfortable bed, excellent linens, and free internet. The room (and entire hotel) looked completely refurbished, and the hotel is spotless. I was in the back corner of the hotel, so I didn't have much of a view, but it was very quiet - I never heard noise from the street.The location is excellent - between 6th and Broadway on 40th Street. Bryant Park is half a block away, and Times Square and Rockefeller Center are close by.I got one of the best night's sleep I've had on the road the first night I stayed in this hotel. I'll be back.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Stevio_1
<Content>Great hotel next to wonderful Bryant Park       bathroom  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>dvlchld
<Content>Can't go Wrong Husband and I went to NYC for our one year anniversary. We've always had a great experience with Marriott (wedding reception and honeymoon as well as other travel and business meetings). This place was perfect for our trip. It is an easy 5 minute walk from the Port Authority (bus station) on 8 Avenue/42nd Street. It is 3-5 blocks from the main attractions in Times Square. We saw The Lion King just 5 blocks from the hotel. A nice walk to 5th Avenue shopping and fashion district. Walked to Rockefellar Center. A $12 cab ride to WTC/Ground Zero. From WTC, we walked to Chinatown/Little Italy/Canal Street. And then an $10 cab ride from Canal back to the hotel. The hotel staff were all friendly and courteous. Everyone greeted us warmly. They even let us check in at 10:30am instead of making us wait until regular check-in at 3pm. The room was nice. Linens were new, clean, fresh. The view wasn't great (buildings all around) but we really didn't come to NYC to look out our window. They stored our luggage the next day while we went around town before catching a late afternoon bus home. Absolutely no complaints about this place. Will definitely stay here again next time we head to NYC.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CNDN
<Content>Good Location Good service Nice stuff. Great location. a little $$$ though.Will stay again.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>anono99
<Content>Great Location This hotel is in a great location - walking distance to Times Square, excellent shopping, ESB, Top of the Rock, good restaurants. It is also close to the subway station which is a huge bonus.Staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean. The decor was fine - nothing fancy, but just fine.Bryant Park it just half a block away. We would grab breakfast from the Pax deli on the corner (good, and very reasonably priced) and sit in the park to eat, drink coffee and people watch. This is not a luxury hotel (it is a Courtyard after all) but for this category/type of hotel I would highly recommend staying here. We will stay again on future trips.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EllBel
<Content>Perfect location!! We stayed at this hotel for a weekend (June 1-3), with my husband and 7-yr-old daughter. It was a great stay! We took advantage of the complementary breakfast (offered with our Amex rewards points that we used to book the hotel), walked easily to all the surrounding sites (Times Square, Empire State Building -- we could see it from our windows, just as I had requested!), and the staff were prompt and courteous.Definitely recommend this!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CLHughes
<Content>A Gem in New York City Stayed at the Courtyard unexpectedly for 1 night, May 24th 2007, when we missed our connecting Delta flight to Rome. We have stayed at many other Manhattan properties, but for the money, this was truly the BEST!!!. Efficient and friendly check in, exceptional rate ($199.00 in NYC at Times Square), clean modern and comfortable rooms. They even allowed a late check out until 2PM so we did not have to hang around the airport more than necessary. Since our bags did not arrive with us, they even gave us a small pack of laundry soap to wash out our essentials. A big thanks to Marriott for helping smooth out the bumps in our trip. We will be back.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MaxShiraz
<Content>Great Stay We stayed there last weekend and it was great. Comfortable room, friendly staff, the coffee and fruit in the lobby was a nice touch.Good location, subway station on the corner, drug store next door for those things you've forgotten, two blocks from Times Square.There's also a park on the corner of 6th Ave so a nice place to have a coffee or sit down for a while.There's an excellent deli on the cnr of Broadway and 41st called Dukes - serves everything from sandwiches and bagels to Asian soups to Sushi and good salads - that's a very convenient place for a breakfast or a quick lunch.Overall an excellent stay - not cheap, about $300/night with taxes but it is a Marriott in Manhattan so that's to be expected.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>TCP-GDI
<Content>Great Stay We stayed here for 2 nights before Thanksgiving last year, and were very pleased. Great location, rooms were very clean, staff was helpful. Recommended.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>artnuvo
<Content>Wondeful Times Square Marriott Courtyard We stayed this past Memorial day weekend at the Marriott Courtyard Times Square South, a small 244 room 30-plus story hotel conveniently located 2 blocks south of Times Square on W40th at Broadway. Our King bed room was spacious and slightly smaller than the double rooms we observed on the 27th floor. The rooms are modern, well maintained, and contain a free safe and 32 inch hdtv, desk and chair and another comfortable chair as well as ample closet space and an up to date bathroom. The hotel is exceptionally quiet and staff is always on hand for assitance, if needed, including a concierge. Free internet is available adjacent to the first floor concierge desk. Ice, a ftiness room, phones, and a guest laundry are on the lower level. 3 elevators work fairly swiftly. Several inexpensive breakfeast places, including Europa Europa around the corner , are a few steps away and a pharmacy is on the corner of Broadway and W40 next to the subway entrance. The subway is on the corner and can whisk you all around town easily during the week with theTimes Square subway available when this subway is closed on Sunday. Restaurant Row and numerous very good restaurants on 9th Avenue, including Marseilles, with its excellent value priced pre-theatre dinner, Hell's Kitchen with its nouvelle Mexican, and Frangolini with a pleasant value priced lunch buffet are a 10 minute walk. Overall, a great central location, a modern updated hotel, and true value particularly when offering its $199 f amily rate or like rate.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dc_gooner
<Content>Solid hotel for business trip! I went to NYC for a conference that was held at the Marriott Marquis. Rooms weren't available there so I looked for something close. This was a 5 minute walk from the Marquis. I was impressed with this hotel, and I'm not one to be easily impressed. Reasons include:It was efficient. The service was great.Internet was free. Bed was comfy with lots of pillows.Flat screen tv with enough channels.Shower was great.Quiet.Only thing I didn't get was a view. (But this is nyc... what can you expect.)If my trip was personal, I wouldn't stay near Times Sq, but it was close to Penn Station, and close to the conference. Great hotel to choose.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>BankerLisa
<Content>Very Nice We stayed at this property for three nights in early April. The location was excellent, near Times Square but far enough off of Times Square to avoid the noise, lights, and bustle while trying to sleep. Subway stations are very close, making it easy to visit areas outside of walking distance.We did not use the breakfast room, though it looked and smelled very nice. We opted instead for bagels in Bryant Park, which is very near. Service at the hotel was excellent. We arrived near midnight on a Sunday night without our luggage, thanks to a cancelled flight, and the staff was very accommodating. They had a nice supply of free emergency toiletries available that they were quick to dispense. When we checked out, the bellman was prompt to assist us with our bags.The room was clean and roomy and the bed was very comfortable. I would highly recommend this property.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lorelai65
<Content>Amazing Hotel in a perfect location Stayed at this hotel my second trip to NYC. Both times I stayed in Times Square but this hotel was top notch! From a spacious room (the first trip well lets just say space was at a premium!) to attentive staff, this hotel had it all. It was located near Bryant Park and the theater I was going to. We spent most of the trip walking or taking taxi's and found this hotel to be the perfect accompaniment to our trip. I would totally recommend this hotel in NYC.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>goodadvise
<Content>Great hotel, great location near Times Square This hotel was very nice. The room was spacious for New York.We had 2 very nice comfortable double beds, a nice bathroomand a great view of the Empire State Building right out our window. We found the hotel staff to be very helpful. In fact,I was sick and they sent me to the hotel doctor which was an expensive, but okay experience. I appreciated the way thehotel called the doctor right away when we got to our room. The location is just a few long blocks from Times Square whichis just what we wanted. The area seemed pretty safe. I would stay here again despite one problem we had. Our first nightwe arrived late and the hotel said they were full, but not to worrythey were placing us at another hotel in the area for free and that when we returned in the am our room would be ready. Problem was that the place they sent us to was a gloomy hotelwith the smallest room I had ever seen. It made our first nighthorrible. We did go to the Marriott the next day and as promised our room was ready and we were so happy to see that it was a nice room with a nice view. We told the staff we disliked the hotel they sent us to and they were very apologetic. All in all our stay was fine and we enjoyed NYC very much.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>sam_cork
<Content>2nd stay here, just as good as the 1st... It was our 2nd stay at this property.The location is perfect, just between Bryant Park and Broadway. For those visitors heading in the summer months, grab a bagel and go sit in Bryant Park at lunch time, its lovely!Asked for an early check in - got it!Asked for adjoining rooms with our friends - got it!Asked for view of Empire State - got it!Lobby staff very polite and friendly.Room spotlessly clean, shower excellent. Bathroom slightly dated but I would guess that a refit is on the cards.Bed and linen gorgeous, so comfy you wont want to leave!Plasma TV with lots of channels if you wish to stay in.Breakfast room clean, staff efficient and the biggest breakfast to suit all tastes. The chef made my friend scrambled egg instead of an omelette by mistake - so was given his breakfast free even though he would have taken the scrambled!Free tea / coffee in the lobby, all lifts working (v. important in NY!)and plenty of smiles from all staff.I cannot fault this property at all, the service has remained consistantly good throughout!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Cher123
<Content>Would recommend!! Our trip to NYC was a family vacation, for sightseeing  shopping. Considerations for booking a hotel revolved around price, proximity to various attractions, as well as the reputation of the hotel, based on name  user reviews. We decided on the Cortyard by Marriott Times Square South,  we weren't disappointed. We made several special requests,  the staff at the hotel did their best to please. When we arrived ahead of the 3:00PM check-in, our room was not yet ready, but we were allowed to check our bags  have our car parkined, in order not to lose any tourist time. We also requested a view of the Empire State building, a thrill for our 11 year-old, a huge fan of King Kong. All of the hotel employees, from the front desk workers to the valet staff, went out of their way to assist us, whether it was with restaurant suggestions or tips on how the navigate the city. The excellence  professionalism of the staff went a long way toward making our first trip to NYC a success. Would definately recommend this hotel...  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>manzoorf
<Content>Superb Hotel Stayed for 4 nights April 8-12th. Great staff - room was immaculate and more importantly, the bathroom was very clean. Price was extremely reasonable for a hotel 2 blocks from 42nd/Broadway (Times Square) ! Plasma TV was a nice plus. Although no inhouse room-service, there are LOTS of restaurants close by that are open late and will deliver right up to your room. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>drew74
<Content>A little gem!! Well this was my first trip to New York so i wasn't sure what to expect, but this hotel was a lot better then I thought it would be. For starters we asked for a high room with a view of the Empire state building and that's exactly what we got. The room was a good size with 2 double beds which were extremely comfortable and the bed linen was so soft (comment from my wife!). The bathroom had a great power shower and was good enough without being amazing. There was also a tv, an ipod player and a free safe and fridge. It's always good to have a safe!!As far as location goes, you would be hard pushed to beat it. It's just 2mins from Times Square and the theatres on Broadway ,and about 10mins walk from the Empire State Building, Macys and 5th Ave shops.Central Park is a little further away at about a 30min walk but you can catch a cab for about $10 so its not that far.All in all the hotel was really nice and much better then the website portrays, and the staff were very nice.Oh and just another bonus is that it has a free coffee and tea machine which is just great. A real little gem!!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>msh305
<Content>Terrific stay with small children! Stayed at the Courtyard from April 1 - 3 based largely on TripAdvisor reviews. My wife and I and our two boys ages 7  5, had a room with two double beds on the 24th floor, paying a rate of $199. True, there was no view and the room was standard size, but we were hardly in the room much, seeing as how we took the boys on a whirlwind tour of Manhattan. I'm not sure what the previous person who posted a review and gave the place a rating of 2 was expecting, but he's dead wrong about the staff. The front desk staff were extremely friendly and the concierge's/bellmen were excellent. When we were leaving one of them went on foot up to Broadway to hail a cab for us. How nice! They also provided very good restaurant recommendations that were close by.I'd stay here again. The location is very good, the rooms are clean, the beds are great, and the place is very quiet! I believe it has a boutique feel, though it's not trendy or flashy.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>nadvisor
<Content>A Conundrum The hotel is very basic and simple with not a lot to say. Pros: The room was quiet and comfortable. Beds are great!Cons: The room we had on the 18th floor had absolutely no view and the hotel has no personality...none.I've read a lot of great things about this hotel and it only makes me think how bad some other places must be, because this place has average written all over it.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>blondiegirlDublin
<Content>perfect stay We stayed in the courtyard earlier this month. As regular visitors to NY we have stayed in many hotels. This hotel exceed my expectations. The staff were genuinely friendly and gave a very warm welcome. The location of the hotel was perfect. Times Square was only a block away . The room itself was very spacious and spotlessly clean. Terrific Value. The Courtyard will now be my hotel of choice on my next visit to the city.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jenhar616
<Content>Perfection!! We were in town for a quick overnight. The hotel was more luxurious that I could have imagined for the price. We took advantage of our AAA discount and booked the night for $159. This was a Friday night - The first night of Fashion Week. Unbelievable. The staff was overly friendly, the room was spacious, clean, bright, and quiet. The bed was perhaps the most comfortable bed I have ever spent the night in. And so many pillows! I would give this property 2 thumbs up and will continue to stay there in visits to come!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JacksonsManchester
<Content>fantastic hotel Chose this hotel based mainly on tripadvisor reviews and price, we were not disappointed it was absolutely fantastic.I have stayed at way more expensive hotels including the Sofitel but this is the one i will return to again.Close to everything, it has the comfiest best bed EVER, free tea and coffee both in the lobby and the room, pleasant friendly staff,good views from our high floor room, good size clean room.Oh and a great bar and restaurant right next door ..Perfect!Dont stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>soxfan
<Content>Good Midtown Value We stayed at the Courtyard for the weekend and were pleased with our room. While it was a bit on the small side the bed comfort was outstanding, the location very good and the price very reasonable by NYC standards. I would recommend to anyone looking to focus on the theater district and looking for a mid-town address.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	4	4	

<Author>splauer1us
<Content>Perfect Courtyard Stay We moved to this hotel from the Novotel. I love the Courtyard brand and should've booked there to begin with.Very clean. Very comfortable.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MomTravels
<Content>Affordable, comfortable mid-town hotel Just returned from an overnight girls' overnight to NYC. We stayed one night (Saturday) at the Courtyard New York Manhattan/Times Square South. The good:* Location is fantastic - 39th near Broadway -- and is just one block south of all of the Times Square action.* Very quick, no-hassle check in and out.* The beds are out of this world comfortable. I didn't want to leave.* Rainshower and new/clean bathroom fixtures.* Over look and comfort -- new, bright, clean and fresh were adjectives we used to describe the room.The okay (nothing was bad):* The price wasn't bad, especially because we needed to sleep 3 adults (I found cheaper deals on higher level area hotels, but only offering 1 bed). * The view -- really, there isn't one at all, but I wasn't expecting much.* Room size isn't very big, but again, we didn't expect very specious accommodations for NYC.I recommend this hotel for anyone wanting to do tourist activities in the Times Square/Theatre District.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SILVER-JOHNNY
<Content>GREAT HOTEL!!! This hotel was near everything. Room was very quiet. The view wasn't the best but it was fun to watch people working in the building next to us while we were on vacation.The room was a good size for new york. The bed and the pillows were excellent. I haven't been able to find those pillows since we returned - wish i could. The bathroom was big enough for 1. Would have been nice if it was bigger but i wasn't in new york to stay in the bathroom.The staff at the hotel were great. They always tried to make sure you were satisfied. We got there early and they had our room ready. They held our luggage on our last day so we could see more of the city before our flight. The best - they all deserve raises!!!There is a great restaurant right across the street that has excellent food - giggles. After 7pm the place turns into a mini night club with spanish music. It was a blast - we went almost every night. The front desk will refer you to jake's or dave's (can't remember) down the street - very, very expensive if you go. Giggles is more affordable and we enjoyed there food better.For the price this hotel made new york more affordable and the stay was a blast.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hapitraveller
<Content>Affordable Luxury I stayed two nights at this hotel with my fiancèŒ… recently. Our stay was flawless and extremely comfortable. Highlights included free in room high-speed internet access (bring your laptop), pillows and towels in abundance, a large (by NY standards) room, quick elevators and an express checkout service.I would absolutely recommend this hotel, which, while not the cheapest, was a bargain for what we got, the time of year and the location (2 blocks from Times Square and most of the main subway lines).The hoteléˆ¥æªš online reservation system was also excellent, with a reminder email, the option to request specific items and services prior to check-in, and a survey for guests to fill in after check-out.The hotel also has a 24 hour mini supermarket in the lobby with snack items (i.e. chips, cookies, drinks etc.) and free coffee and tea is available for guests in the lobby near the elevators.We did not have a chance to try the hotel restaurant.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>SageCheshire
<Content>Don't stay anywhere else. What a great Hotel this is. Very friendly staff, ideal location, good price and loads of free coffee. This was my second stay in New York, and I would strongly recommend this Hotel.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>va4
<Content>Great Location Wonderful location, great stay. This hotel is on 40th between 6th and 7th Ave. We took the train into Penn Station so we only had 6 blocks to walk to the hotel. Bryant Park (with ice skating in winter) is on the corner. From here we walked to Rockefeller Center and the Broadway Shows we attended.The beds were very comfortable, the concierge helpful and the rooms were clean. The elevator was slow -- but that seems to be the norm in NYC.We recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Stephers
<Content>New Year in New York!         
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>MA&DF
<Content>Basic hotel - concierge useless We came here for 4 nights including new years. The hotel was clean, nice rooms although sort of small, but ok for manhattan. The location is a 4 min walk from Time Square and the theaters and only about $10 cab ride to Canal street. No issues with the hotel itself EXCEPT the concierge services. If you are going to stay here, make sure you don't need concierge help. They were really dissapointing. We asked them to make New Years eve reservations and then went out for the day. When we came back to the hotel we found out that the concierge didn't make the reservation and as a result we didn't have a reservation for New Years. Then thier internet went down and for 1.5 days they couldn't do anything for us. This told me that as a concierge service they didn't really have any contacts, just the www same as me. They really screwed up our new years eve plans.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	3	1	1	

<Author>SoBeAddict
<Content>Tripadvisor gets it right I stayed at this hotel 12/25 to 12/27 and found it to bea very nice hotel which was quite luxorious for theprice. Staff were excellent in every respect. The roomwas very clean and well lit with bedding that cancompete with the best hotels. Very quiet with excellentsound proofing. Location is perfect for subway travelto all parts of the city. I had to go to Soho and did soin less than a half hour including the one blockwalk to catch the number one subway to Franklin. Sameease of travel for going to the upper east sidearround Madison. My only complaint is the $45 forvalet parking, but they got my car for me in twentyminutes when I had to leave. Very easy to get to fromthe Lincoln Tunnel, just go straight up 40th street four blocks and you are there.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ATL_Traveler01
<Content>Excellent! Great location and good service from hotel staff... Stayed for a weekend to see the sites in in Manhattan. It's a great location that's central to Broadway, RCMH, Rockefeller Plaza, Central Park (via the train), Grand Central Station, etc. It is very close to Bryant Park where there is an open market (may be for Christmas only?) and ice skating. The only problem we had was pressure in the pipes woke us up several times throughout the first night with a rather loud humming noise. I mentioned it to the front desk and we were compensated with a complimentary breakfast. Maintenance must have worked on the problem as the noise was not as noticeable the second night. The beds are very comfortable and the room has a flat screen TV. No noise could be heard from the busy city outside.Hotel was nicely decorated for Christmas and the staff were very friendly and helpful. Bell Captain will store luggage on day of departure and will call you a cab to the airport. We will be staying here again in the future.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>knuffivienna
<Content>Loved it! HI everybody!I stayed at the Courtyard in September 2006. It was my first time in NY and i was also travelling alone for the first time and was a little bit worried, because this was only hotel with ratings starting with 2 stars-so one of the better ones(which was important to me especially because iéº“m afraid of cock roaches  bed bugs, but there wasnt anything-and the bed was the most comfortable one i have ever slept in).. the price is quite high thats true, so i didnéº“t stay there the hole time, but when i was there it was perfect. i asked for a room with a view and which is on the higher floors and i had no problem at all (both times). if you are wondering if the pictures made by other peolpe are true-as far as i can tell they are. it was clean, quite big and everybody was really nice to me and helpful. one guy from the staff showed me some places where to go nearby(to get food, ...) and they really tried to help as much as possible.the location is great. it is just 2 blocks from times square(about 5 minutes to walk-there is Duane Reed open 24/7, most stores are open until 11p.m. or 12 p.m.) and about 10 minutes to get to macys, victorias sectrets, Mc donalds, burger king,...the only thing i recommend is: try to get a floor on the higher levels. the first time i was on the last floor(33rd) and i didnéº“t hear anything from the street, but the other time i was on the 25th floor and there was some noise, but not that bad-although i have a light sleep i didnéº“t bother me.if you are travelling (as a woman) alone, donéº“t worry. i wasnt afraid at all. especially in the area of times square are so many cops that you should feel save.this hotel is really nearby everything and in the heart of manhattan. iéº“m normally on a budget too, but if you add things like subway, cab, not safe areas, ... up, itéº“s definately easier and more comfortable here  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>glbtraveler
<Content>Nothing wrong, but also nothing special There were a lot of good things about this hotel, great location on a quiet side street but still near Times Square and subway stations, really a WONDERFUL bed, friendly staff, clean, etc. But is was also nothing special. The furnishings, artwork, facilities, etc. were uninspired. I would really suggest the Affinia 50 for roughly the same price you want a truly elegant and unique hotel in New York.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>GNGator
<Content>Good Mid Manhattan hotel choice Value and location makes this Marriott Courtyard property a great choice for theater and sightseeing visits to Manhattan. I stayed here five days while attending a business meeting nearby. After price shopping on line, I found this matched my needs and location. Easy walk to the Browadway theaters, so no cab rides required! Friendly reception staff were helpful with directions and suggestions. Room was perfectly clean, great bed, adequate bathroom. Housekeeping tends to arrive late afternoon, but did a fine job. Flat screen TV is nice but remote control did not work well. There are good casual dining options within the block, including a great bar and grill directly across the street. The Times Square name is slightly misleading, since it's a three block walk to actual Times Square--not a problem, but don't expect to see the neon glow from your room. My room view was a brick wall. There is another Courtyard a few blocks farther from Times Square, so check exact address.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>stranex
<Content>Not bad but nothing special Stayed here for 3 nights last week.Location is good, 5 minutes from from Times square but tucked away from the street and so very quiet inside. Bar area but I never saw it open.Rooms are fairly large for NY and as mentioned, beds are very comfortable. LCD TV a nice touch but otherwise basic with no mini bar. Bathroom basic but clean. When we arrived the flush was broken (can't beleive the cleaner wasn't aware of this!) but after some badgering at the front desk it was fixed within 30 minutes....good but the room shouldn't have been let in that condition.Staff were freindly and helpful though no doorman made getting a taxi on the (relatively) quiet street a bit of a chore. Of course, you could walk 2 minutes to 6th Ave but a bit of a pain when you have luggage to haul.Overall, a clean, well located hotel but very average and without the wow  factor, hence my rating. I have stayed in the Sofitel and the Sheraton New York both of which were much better standard and suprisingly a similar price (not sure if Marriot have hiked their prices based on top rating on this site?) If your a tourist and it's your first time in NY, you could do a LOT worse than stay here but if you're looking for something a bit more special then I would suggest trying elsewhere  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>irlhelen
<Content>Friendly hotel in good location We recently stayed 3 nights at the Courtyard Marriott Times Square South. We arrived slightly ahead of check-in but it was no problem for the staff. They were always helpful with a smile on their faces. We even received a late checkout (2pm!) when we asked. The bed was super comfortable and the room and bathroom were very clean. The street itself was quiet for being so close to Times Square. The subway was just on the corner and Bryant Park was also nearby as a welcome patch of green in the city. Ate breakfast at the cafe nearby - Harrie's Bakery. All in all, good standard and friendly staff. However, not unique or exciting. Value not great, but about average price for New York weekends!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ranpol
<Content>Great hotel This was one of the best hotels i satyed at. the rooms were clean, they were a little small but you would would expect that in New York. we stayed there for 4 days. The location in this hotel was fantastic two blocks from times square right in the middle of the city . we stayed on the 10th floor and it was quite on this floor . I highly recomend this hotel  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>blurred
<Content>I really liked it!! what i liked about this hotel- free internet/print: this comes in very handy when you try to look for travel info, and to send urgent emails- very kind staff and concierge: very helpful concierge when booking ferry tour and getting info about musicals, good maps, etc.- good location: very conveniently, midtown located- subway station is close, broadway, museums are within easy access- free coffee and hot tea all day: yes, this is tiny little bonus. but when i hopped to another hotel for cost saving, i awfully missed my free morning coffee at courtyard!i got a good rate from the hotel site (NOT the marriott site, but courtyard manhattan timesquare south) at 199 per night. for some weekdays/weekends they offer reasonable rates. check it out.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Drayllig
<Content>Great hotel experience A friend and I stayed at this hotel October 6 - 9. This was our first trip to New York and I was pleasantly suprised by this hotel. We arrived around 1:30 and were able to check in early. We were in room #2702 that had a view of the Empire Sate Building.The beds are truly decadent - they make you feel like you are floating. The concierge was very helpful with restaurant suggestions and directions. The coffee/tea station in the lobby was a great plus (I suggest they add a couple flavored teas and creamers as options).Other positievs include: close to Bryant Park, Times Square, Fashion District and subway stops.There were a few negatives - The countertop in the bathroom had been stained and looked like it needs to be replaced, there is no ventilation in the bathroom, so it smelled a bit of mildew, andcloset door would stick form time to time.Even given the minor negatives, I had a very good experience and would recommend this hotel strongly.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>moosebump
<Content>Great Stay Stayed for 2 nights and had nothing but a positive experience. Although we didn't get exactly the room we wanted everything else was great. The room was clean and the beds were very comfortable. We had a good view of the Empire State building.The best part was the staff who were very friendly and approachable. This was our first time in NY and New Yorkers don't always have the best reputation for being polite. But we got nothing but friendly service from everyone we dealt with at the hotel. Breakfast was good and served fast which was appreciated when you're trying to see NY in 2 days! We will be back.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jerrywright
<Content>Stop Looking - Book A Room Here This is an easy review to write and it really ought to be titled éˆ¥æ·°ery nice hotel in an excellent location with a friendly and helpful stafféˆ¥? Our room was clean and fairly large. The bed was very comfortable, our room was quiet, and the blackout curtains helped us sleep until mid-morning. I would also strongly recommend ordering the chocolate chip cookies from room service; they are very tasty and our order included a couple fudge brownies and several strawberries (yum). I also donéˆ¥æª› know if this hotel could be in a better location. If you walk one-half block to the west, youéˆ¥æª™e treated to a great view of Times Square. If you walk one-half block to the east, youéˆ¥æª’l find yourself in picturesque Bryant Park. We were out well past midnight every night, but we never felt unsafe. If you havenéˆ¥æª› been to NYC recently, you should schedule a trip and book room at the Courtyard-Times Square South.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tessthecat
<Content>Would stay here again in a NY minute!       Comfy, comfy beds  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>slickoperator
<Content>Good hotel in central Manhattan I think the reviews are mostly about right. This is a conveniently-located hotel, within a stone's throw of Bryant Park. The staff are helpful and courteous, and the rooms while not particularly spacious are for the most part clean and pleasant.Downsides? Well, the room I was in faced a neighbouring building and got almost no light even on sunny days, so I had to have the lights on all the time. You don't want to stay in the room much -- but then, if you're in Manhattan, you probably shouldn't be in the room at all.And although the staff were mostly pleasant, I did have some trouble with the bellman on one occasion when he made a big deal out of storing my suitcase for a day. He agreed to store it saying that I was a special case. Well, I didn't like that because either it was permissible or it wasn't, and if it wasn't I could have made alternative arrangements. I'm not sure what he was trying to say to me, but I just felt it was inappropriate.Besides that, the staff were uniformly anxious to please. I was especially impressed by Joseph and the other staff in the cafe-restaurant downstairs at breakfast. And the concierge, Bridget, was very helpful when I phoned her from Chicago to ask her to arrange for a car to meet me at La Guardia airport.The Marriott charges quite a lot for this hotel. I paid between $300 and $400 depending on the night I stayed. I think, frankly, that was too much given the standard of the hotel overall, and although the place is very well managed and well run, I will try and find somewhere that at least gives better value for money next time. The Affinia Dumont charges around the same amount and gives you a much nicer room for your money.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>emlc
<Content>The reviews are spot on! Although diffificult to book this hotel (only seemed to be able to thought Marriot.com) it lived up to all the best reviews on TA.Check in staff were friendly. We booked a King/King room and requested a high floor. We were lucky and ended up on the 29th floor with a view of (half) the Empire State building. The most comfortable bed I've ever experienced, anywhere. The room was incredibly quiet and a nice size. In the same way as other reviewers I did find the bathroom a bit odd. No extractor meant that you was to leave the bin there so the mirror would clear to dry your hair. Not really a problem but quite unusual! Lifts were also a little annoying as they quite often took a while to come but these points are incredibly minor in relation to the all the good points. Which are:- friendly staff- very clean- good sized room- free coffee and tea in the lobby- FANTASTIC location- the BEST beds in the world EVER- good price - 5 night stay with the weekend averaged at $220 a nightHighly recomended!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cogigator
<Content>Affordable Convenience       Times Square Subway  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>jpbunn
<Content>Exceptional experience! My mother and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in August. From the great coffee in the lobby to the incredibly comfortable beds, our visit could not have been more welcoming. We will definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shellman
<Content>Budget type Hotel in NYC Just returned (9/7-9/10) from a stay at this hotel. Although the rate was good, we were not impressed with this hotel. Room was not as clean as we would have liked (hair in bathroom, glasses in room were not clean, etc). This hotel is in major need of a renovation and it's location is just 'okay'. Everything in hotel (except front desk) looks/feels old and a bit rundown. Although it is close to a lot of things, you must walk a few blocks to most anything. While staff was friendly, we found there to be no doorman to hail cabs (one night we tried to get a cab for 45 minutes), no roomservice, no bar, etc. Hotel Cleaning also knocked on the door continually (sometimes 3 or more times a day), so if you want to sleep or not be interrupted in your room, you must put the 'Do Not Disturb' sign on your door (couldn't there be a better system, i.e. the computer to assess check in/check out of guests . They even knocked on our door a few hours after we checked in and a few hours before check out time, which was annoying and woke us up both times). If you have no problem with a 'Motel 6' type of room and amenities, then you would be fine to book a room here. Otherwise, there are many hotels in NYC that are comparable in price, but have much better amenities and service. We had friends who also stayed at this hotel at the same time that we did....we all agreed this is definitely a budget hotel.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	4	3	-1	

<Author>asteroid
<Content>Superb value, particularly for the location! I spent one night at the Marriot Courtyard Times Square, and if I have any reason to go back to New York, this will be my first choice.It's always the little things that make the difference. In this case, the hotel staff always seemed to do just a bit more than expected. For example, I showed up at noon, and my room was ready. (I rarely expect to be able to check in until 3pm.) The housekeeper politely asked me (in understandable English!) what time would be most convenient for her to clean the room. And everyone was particularly friendly... a boon to any tired, lonely traveler.The room was small (this is NY after all) but beautifully appointed, complete with a small frig, upscale shower, and LCD TV, and I was never bothered by outside noise. Plus the location can't be better -- it's right across the street from Bryant Park (which is behind the big library). And, as a NY friend commented when I told him the price, For NY, that's practically free!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>viktoralan
<Content>Excellent Time! Had an excellent time in New York. Stayed at the hotel for 5 nights. No complaints here. Room was clean. Staff was friendly and beds are soooooo comfortable. New York is a diverse city and I recommend a visit just to experience the many cultures that live there. Had an excellent time and can't wait to return to so I can continue the experience.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>beedelmaniac
<Content>Excellent Experience! My family stayed for three nights in August, we couldn't have asked for more. The hotel staff was awesome, the price was right, and the location was superb. Thanks for a great NYC experience!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SiestaKeyLover
<Content>Absolutely wonderful hotel We spent the weekend in NYC and had a great stay at this hotel. The staff were super friendly (we would like to have brought Merrick home with us). It was wonderful to be greated each morning by Merrick's broad, warm smile. He was the best. Free coffee (brewed by the cup) was nice in the lobby. The entrance to the hotel was pretty with a waterfall along one entire wall. We stayed on the 20th floor with a view out the front of the hotel (nothing spectacular to see), but the room was fabulous! The bed was simply the best, comfy, comfy and the linens were the nicest I've ever seen, absolutely gorgeous. Our room was exceptionally quiet, right beside the elevator, as was the hallway. We did not find the room to be small at all by NY standards, perhaps due to a different layout than a typical square hotel room. My husband particularly liked the flat screen tv. A computer is set up in the lobby with internet access, nice to check the weather and other events. The hotel is very close to Bryant Park, a green space bordered by the public library and only a couple of blocks from Times Square. We felt very safe walking back to this hotel, even at midnight from Times Square. Our room keys were checked as an extra level of security when we arrived late, a nice feeling of security. When we travel to NYC again, no question, we will definiately be staying at the Courtyard, Times Square.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>teztez
<Content>Wonderful hotel, excellent location On arrival, the hotel staff were very welcoming and check-in was smooth and informative. Our room was of a satisfactory size and had everything that we needed for a comfortable stay (including a room safe for valuable possessions which was reassuring). As requested, we were allocated a room with a view of the Empire State building which was great! In agreement with some of the other reviews, the bathroom was a bit stuffy due to poor design e.g. no extractor fan (this isn't a huge problem though). One big plus is the wonderful beds that they have - so comfortable and relaxing after a long day sightseeing, and the thick windows mean that there is no noise from the streets outside to keep you awake! Location wise, this hotel is fantastic, perfect for getting out and about with no worries. Above all, the staff were the greatest asset to this hotel - they are very helpful and very friendly. I would definitely return to The Coutryard Hotel and would recommend it to anyone looking to stay in New York!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>panewsgal
<Content>A solid hotel Headed to NYC for the weekend with my husband, something we do very regularly, and for a change (and because of a Marriott gift card burning a hole in my pocket) decided to stay at the Courtyard Times Square South. Hotel is very conveniently located for theatregoing, sightseeing in Midtown, or for browsing the sample sales in the Garment District.We checked in just a few minutes before official checkin time... no problem with the (10 minute early) checkin. My Marriott Rewards account has on it that I prefer King, NS rooms on a high floor away from the elevator. I reiterated to the clerk... This is away from the elevator, right? and she agreed. When I took my keys and headed to the elevator, I noticed we were in Room 207. Sigh. Definitely NOT the high floor... but whatever. We exited the elevator and...to my surprise...ran smack dab into the room...immediately to the left of the elevators. Now, I'm a relatively light sleeper, and I've spent many a hotel night awake in NYC because of the ding, ding of the elevator all night long. So... marched back downstairs. The clerk was friendly, but seemed clueless that the room was (a) not on a high floor, and (b) right next to the elevator. When I said this room wasn't what I'd specifically asked her about, she asked, Oh, you want a corner room? I told her a corner wasn't necessary, just away from the elevator. Finally... she came up with Room 206, which although still on the 2nd floor, was away from the elevator. Fine.Room was fine... and there was no worry about street noise (my reason for requesting high floor rooms), since I looked out on a lovely view of an air conditioning unit and another apartment building in front of the hotel rooms on 40th St. It actually made the room *extremely* quiet - almost cave like. But it was fine.Beds were comfortable, couldn't hear neighbors through the walls, and staff was friendly when we were coming and going. Complimentary internet in the lobby's a nice touch. Had to wait for the elevator at times (there was no stairwell from the 2nd floor leading to the lobby... I found a stairway leading to an *outside* door, but it was locked...which I guess would've been problematic had there been a fire.), but it wasn't a horrendously long wait.So...overall... it was a fine stay, but not my first choice in the city.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	2	3	4	

<Author>ginger2007
<Content>LOVED it!!       great TV  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cluelessone
<Content>Great hotel with one flaw. We just returned from a weekend stay at the Courtyard. We found the hotel to be in a GREAT location for everything, extremely clean and priced reasonably (for NYC that is). Its best features are the beds/linens, coffee machine in the lobby (free and absolutely delicious), friendly, helpful staff, and flat screen TV's with extensive cable. The rooms are small by American standards but more than adequate. The one true downfall is a design flaw that they can do little to correct. The bathroom doors open outward and therefore are set up to remain closed to allow you to go in and out of the door to the room. This has caused them to smell very musty. We were initially checked into 607 but the bathroom smell (like urine/urea) was so offensive and strong that we immediately asked for a room change as it was making me ill. We were placed in 1907. The bathroom smelled also but only about half as bad as the first one. I believe they are very aware of this problem because they maids use a strong deodorizer and prop the doors open with a trash can. My thoughts are that if they remodeled this hotel only one year ago and the bathrooms already smell this bad then the future looks bleak. I told them at checkout that we had absolutely no problem with the staff or ANYTHING else and that I realized this problem was out of their control. I find myself saying I would stay there again because everything else was so terrific.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>mcguche
<Content>Loved this hotel! Loved, loved, loved this hotel! Great location just off Times Square but on a very quiet street, the most comfortable hotel beds we've ever slept in, very helpful, courteous staff, and excellent coffee in the Lobby. An unexpected bonus was the close location(one block) to Bryant Park where Good Morning America tapes part of their show and hosts their Summer Concert Series on Fridays, and sometimes Wednesdays, in the summer, 7:30 - 9 a.m. Grab your coffee in the lobby, get a delicious bacon and egg on a bun for $2.50 from the corner deli and have breakfast in the Park with Diane Sawyer. A highlight of our trip! We stayed 5 nights and literally have no complaints. We will definitely return to this hotel!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceptional STAFF Just returned from an EXCEPTIONAL visit at the Times Square Courtyard Marriott Hotel. We arrived on July 4 and stayed 2 nights and were thrilled with the location of the hotel and fine accommodations. Room was small but by NYC standards was good, was very neat and clean and up to date. Staff was incredible. They were the BEST staff I have ever encountered. Even though it was a busy holiday, that did not detour the staff from being courteous, welcoming and all together enjoyable. In all my travels I have NEVER encountered such a courteous staff. I will definetely go back to this hotel and recommend to all!!!!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location,Location,Location! My daughter and I just returned from a quick overnight stay at this Courtyard. What a great place! We arrived via train through Grand Central. Hotel is a quick 10 minute walk from there. We were able to check in early (11:30am) and head right over to the TKTS booth to grab matinee tickets(1/2 price ). After the show we walked around a bit and decided to grab take out and retire early. Checked out the next morning at 9:30 and left the bags with Fred (very nice gentleman) and headed over by foot (10min) to catch the Grayline downtown tour. Got off at Battery Park to take a Circle line cruise to Statue of Liberty. If you want to go inside Statue it is best to reserve online at Statue of Liberty site as daily passes go very quickly. Back on bus to South Street Seaport to enjoy the sea and street performers. Returned to Courtyard with claim tickets for our bags and headed back to depart from Grand Central.The rooms are spacious, immaculate,and most of all very quiet. Didn't hear a thing outside until morning when the street cleaners/garbage trucks went by. The hotel is in a perfect location for walking to Times Square/ Rockefeller Center/ 5th Ave and even Empire State Blding. Beds are ultra comfy and all personnel are very courteous and nice. We can't wait to return and stay longer next time!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location-Great Price Stayed 3 nights (6/28-7/1) at the hotel. We had a great stay. We were there on vacation and enjoying NYC for the first time.Our room was a double/double on the 20th floor. The room had plenty of space for the three of us (mom/dad/son). The bathroom also had plenty of room. My only complaint about the room was that the door to the bathroom would not stay open and so the bathroom smelled somewhat stale.The front desk staff was friendly and helpful with recommendations.For the location and price, the hotel was well worth it. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GBFortLauderdale
<Content>Finally a Quiet Hotel Room! I am very happy to report that my stay at this hotel was a pleasant surprise. I didn't expect the room to be as updated and with a flat screen tv. It was a good size room for NY standards and clean. The staff was very friendly and the most pleasant part was that I could sleep at night with no street noise! My only complaint was that my cell phone service didn't seem to get good reception in the room, but other than that, I plan to stay here for all business trips to the city!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>surfgal1
<Content>Very pleasant stay...Excellent location...Great Staff...Will stay again! We stayed for 2 nights. Friendly staff...All were very hospitable from front desk to maid service. We also ate their all-you-can-eat breakfast buffet. It was very good with freshly sqeezed o.j. and custom omelettes. Kinda pricey for four people though. We got our requested room on an upper floor. We thought that the elevators would take a while because of more potential stops, but each trip to/from the 28 floor was non-stop. The room was very clean. Also it was nice to store our luggage in the lobby after check-out so that we can do some last day shopping in times square. It was close to everything. Just a short walk to Times Square, Macy's, subway, and Gray Line Tours....as well as Newark Express's Bryant Park drop-off. Even though it's so close to noisy Broadway, there's isn't much street noise where it is off 40th. Very nice stay. My cousins are planning a trip to N.Y. this summer and I will definitely recommend this hotel to them and others.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Dragonfly1946
<Content>Couldn't be better Just got back from staying here with my daughter for 4 nights. Absolutely fantastic. We had a great room on 26th floor overlooking Empire State building. Staff extremely friendly and welcoming every time we entered hotel. Great location - oasis of calm just off Times Square. Room was large - two double beds, very comfortable, clean with all amenities, even an iron and board. Coffee machine in lobby which was free and always a fruit bowl or candy bowl in the lobby. Concierge gave great advice on restaurants in the area and bell hop Merick booked us taxi back to airport and looked after our luggage etc. Easy check-in and out.Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really nice ! Having stayed at this wonderful hotel was a great experience, thanks to Tripadvisor where we found it with good reviews !Nice lobby with classical music in the entrance, nice staff, nice room, and nice view. But you have to ask for a nice view to the Empire State Building because only a few rooms have this kind of amazing view.Our room was on the last floor (33rd), and was very big : 2 armchairs, a sofa, 2 really comfortable king-size beds, 2 flat-screen TV-sets, a table with a working chair. I think it was one of the best rooms in the hotel, room 3301 if you want to ask for it.But I disliked the lightening in the bathroom, that was a little bit gloomy, but otherwise everything was perfect. The breakfast was expensive, but very good. And the free coffee in the lobby was the tastiest I have drunk in NYC !Even if we arrived quite early (it was about 11 am), we got the room, and they gave us a call to know if everything was all right.And the location... I think a better one couldn't have been possible !If you are looking for a wonderful accomodation in NYC, don't search anymore, you have found it !Thank you Tripadvisor, and thank you Marriott !!  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>yankeefan49
<Content>Great Hotel Great Staff I spent only 1 night here on my way back from a long weekend in DC. The place was great, king size bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. Room a good size, flat screen TV is great. Bathroom a little small but more than adequate.Only one slight complaint. Ice and soda machines only on the lower level. (I was on the 30th floor). Other than that, everything is great. Staff is very nice, efficient and helpful. Will stay again.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tiffanytaa
<Content>Wonderful Overall!       My friend and husband are sleeping soundly in the wonderful beds...the beds were VERY comfy!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant What a Place. Lovely  clean. The beds (I want one of them) the best I've slept in. Coffe on tap downstairs really good. Staff very friendly  helpful.Superb location.Would definitley stay there again  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>efuss
<Content>Great hotel Just returned from a spring break trip with my wife and our 16 year old son. I had never been to NYC before, but I will definitely be going back. We had a blast. Didn't get to do all we wanted, but we have an idea now for our next trip. The Courtyard was excellent. The hotel was clean, the staff was friendly and helpful, the rooms were nice sized. We got a king room and asked for a roll away for our son. It was delivered within minutes of our arrival in the room. The king bed was the most comfortable hotel bed I have slept in. The coffee service in the lobby was great. My only complaint was with the Times Square area. It was more touristy than I would have preferred. Next time we will try the Upper West side or Upper East side. I would love to move this hotel to one of those areas.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TheBing
<Content>Great hotel right on Times Square Location, Location, Location. That's what this hotel offered together with good rooms and service to match up to it.However, I don't know if it warrants its extremely high room rates.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Simmoess
<Content>An Oasis Just returned from a 6 night stay at 'The Courtyard'. This is an excellent hotel that I can't fault. It is just 2 blocks from the centre of Times Square and yet as soon as you walk in you feel calm. It is also only one block in the other direction from Bryant Park which is a very peaceful haven on your walk through to 5th Avenue. As for the hotel, well I travel quite a lot with my job in England and usually stay in 4* and this hotel was equal if not better. I can only extol the virtues of the quality of the room. The cafe/mocha in the lobby was my saviour after a long day of walking and luckily there was a coffee machine in the room for our breakfast drink (as we were on the 30th floor). The staff were very friendly and efficient, and the hotel had nice touches like apples on reception every morning(The Big Apple) and sweets in a bowl in the afternoon. Definitely stay in this hotel if you want to be near the bustle of Times Square but need a peaceful retreat.(the open top bus even leaves from here)  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great business hotel...great staff, location, rooms I stayed at this Courtyard a few years ago and returned recently for a 3 night stay on business. What a change! I had debated staying here or at the Benjamin, and I was very glad I chose to stay here...The rooms are beautiful - nice new carpet, plush linens, comfortable bed, flat screen tv, immaculate bathroom. The staff was outstanding - from the front desk to the bell staff, (particularly the bell staff!! great guys) to the concierge, (always busy, but very helpful). Anything you need or would like - ask, they are extremely accomodating here. The location is perfect, right near Bryant Park, Times Square, plenty of subways and always a taxi nearby.The gourmet coffee machine in the lobby is a nice touch, as is the laundry and workout room downstairs.Complimentary, reliable internet access was very appreciated!Only two things to note, and neither of these are the hotel's fault. Heavy construction is going on down the street - keep your windows closed or it will wake you up. With windows closed, you hardly hear it. During the day between 11:30 - 4:30, stay out of the lobby as best you can, it's always jam packed with people and you will wait for whatever it is you need.They have plentiful staff, but things just get impossibly busy there from what I saw.Great hotel, great stay. I would absolutely stay again!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PJDF
<Content>Great Hotel, Friendly Service, Perfect Location My wife and I travel to New York often and have stayed in many other hotels. This is our new favorite. We chose it because they permit small dogs at no additional fee. (Our two little dogs stay in a kennel when we are not in the room; this way, they stay calm and of trouble, and do not scare the staff). We were prepared for an OK experience, but to our surprise, had a wonderful time at this hotel. The room was large by NYC standards, very clean, up-to-date, comfortably appointed, and quiet. We even had an LCD TV. The bathroom was new and spotless. Best of all, however, was the friendly service we got from arrival to check-out. The staff could not have been friendlier or more helpful. To top it off, the location is perfect - a block from the southern reaches of Times Square. Treat yourself to a stay at the Courtyard Marriott Times Square South.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>happy_evil
<Content>Good value       very decent room  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JLT19701
<Content>Great Choice Stayed here over the weekend of 12-10-05. Awesome hotel with a great location - but out of the rush. The rooms were so quiet with a flat screen TV. They were also clean and a great size for a NYC hotel. I have stayed at the W Times Sq and the Grand Hyatt - this was much better! Would stay again!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really enjoyed the stay The Courtyard staff is outstanding. We were greated every time we returned and they were always very helpful with directions. Location was perfect, close to Times Square but out of the rush. Room was quiet and nice, although the bed had a trench on one side. Coffee downstairs was very nice on a cold day and the breakfast was excellent. A great place for a quick weekend away.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thank you for your reviews I read all available reviews of this hotel before I made a reservation. The hotel was just as good as expected. The check in and check out was superfast. There was a flat tv in the room and we got a room with a view to the Empire State Building without asking it. When we arrived to the room we got a phone call from reception and they asked if everything is ok in the room.This is a hotel near Tmes Square and Macy's so whatyou can concentrate on them and the hotel will take care of everything else. So what's more to be expected !  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jon from Dallas
<Content>A Room with a View?       Watch for a different color scheme each night from Room 3001.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, but the Manager.....? Excellent hotel. The rooms were immaculate, the free coffee in the lobby was out of this world; and breakfast delicious. Everyone working there just seemed so nice. Someone even welcomed us home. Only drawback....there's a manager at the front desk (with horrible makeup), who treated us like we were idiots. She sang her answers to our questions! Who does that? She seemed to embarass the other lovely ladies working at the desk. All in all it was a great hotel, and a fantastic visit to the city. Just let your manager know she doesn't have to try so hard. I'm assuming she wasn't a New Yorker, but was trying to seem like one. YOU WILL LOVE THIS HOTEL! I just don't get the concept of putting a coffee maker in the bathrooms,(shudder...) when you can get excellent coffee downstairs?! And, why the fridge in the bathroom?? Who uses that?  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this hotel!! We stayed here for 4 nights in late September and had a great experience at this hotel. The staff could not have been nicer - they were extremely helpful in all our requests. We stayed on the 2nd floor and couldn't believe how quiet it was! A few horn honks or sirens now and then, but overall it was very quiet. The rooms were more than big enough, very clean, and the beds were extremely comfortable. You can't beat the location - just off Broadway and just a short walk to Times Square. We walked to all our Broadway shows with no problem and thoroughly enjoyed all that Times Square and the city had to offer. On our next trip to NYC we will definitely be staying at the Courtyard Times Square!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Budget conscious delight We could not have had a better experience! Checked in early, courteous, friendly staff, 24 free coffee (woo), clean, renovated facilities, helpful concierge. Great location: near to it all, but quiet! 5 pillows for each double bed, view of Empire State Bldg, intimate size- not too busy, elevators always quick and readily available! Hotel breakfast not worth it when coffee shops abound and free coffee is in the lobby!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Chris_FFM
<Content>Good choice Clean, very helpful and friendly staff. The location next to Bryant Park is superb, so you can walk with the free coffee or tee to the park in the morning and make your plans for the day.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>balophil
<Content>Great theatre district choice Have stayed at this hotel several times for its proximity to both transportation hubs. For a no-frills place they do everything well and right. Warm welcome, nice-looking though smallish lobby, rooms are quiet and immaculate.Great breakfasts (no dinners at most Courtyards), huge snack selection on lower level and pleasant employees make this a great choice for either business travelers (very swift checkouts!), those wishing to cover the midtown sights easily or, like myself, a purchaser of early-morning Amtrak tickets.Highly recommended!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Marriott will take care of you We made a 2 night stay in NYC after our honeymoon in Jamaica because the flight was cheaper to go through NYC than directly back to Pensacola (go figure!). We took advantage of the opportunity to cash in some Marriott Rewards points and got a room for 2 nights at Marriott Times Square South. Our flight didn't arrive to JFK until 9:30 pm so I called the hotel the week before the wedding to let them know we would be a late arrival.We arrived to the hotel around 11:30 pm on May 28 (Memorial Day weekend) to find out they were over-booked. I was a little miffed at first but they already had arrangements for us to stay at The Kitano (just a couple of blocks away) on Saturday night. I asked about a suite at the Marquis and the guy said they would do it in an instant but every Marriott in Manhattan from Central Park to Wall Street was packed to the gills and had absolutely no room to spare. No problem, the desk gave us $10 cash (for the cab), hailed a cab, and refused to take any tip for handling all our bags and told us to come back around 11am on Sunday. No problem. The Kitano was very nice with marble bathrooms and one heckuva view of the Empire State Building right out our window. Sunday morning we check out of The Kitano and head back to Courtyard around 10:30. No room yet so we checked the bags and went walking around the city. Not that big of a deal, but just a little bit of a hassle when you're tired from travelling and just want to see the sights. At noon, our room was ready and check-in was fast (less than 2 minutes). Nice room, good size for Manhattan. Monday morning check-out was quick. We were told that we would only be charged points for one night stay and the first night was on them (30,000 points to use another time, heck yeah!) and a $0 hotel bill is always good to see! :) Management and bell clerk were very nice and apologetic for the problems 2 nights prior. We never questioned it and just accepted what happened as being a holiday weekend and the fact it was a free stay anyway. As long as we had comparable accommodations we were good (of which they had them waiting on us at a nicer hotel). Overall, a very nice experience.A couple of weeks later, I just happened to check my Marriott points balance, and not only did they refund our points for the first night, we received points as if we paid for the room! A couple of days pass and I receive a letter in the mail from The Courtyard Times Square South. I figured it was a questionnaire about the stay. Not even close. Inside was a letter thanking us for being loyal customers and telling us about the points credit along with a $100 check for our inconvenience. Wow! I was not even expecting this, especially since we usually stay less than 10 nights a year with the Marriott chain. I didn't realize big corporations even cared about their customers anymore! All in all, we had a teriffic experience in NYC thanks (in no small part) to the courtesy of the workers and management at the Courtyard Times Square South. The hotel was as good as any I've seen (especially for their prices) in Manhattan, and Marriott has certainly secured my few nights a year that we travel. When we return to NYC we will definitely be checking into the Courtyard. For the money, convenience, and wonderful staff you can't go wrong.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>October1
<Content>Great location, quiet, but the concierge ----- We stayed at the hotel for two nights in June. The hotel is incredibly quiet, check-in and check-out went very smoothly. The room was spacious by NYC standards.What really disappointed us was the concierge. They first recommended us a cheesy place to go for dinner (we asked two different people and they both recommended Jack's -- stay away from that dump, the food is pretty standard and we did not enjoy the cockroaches on walls ...).But what shocked us was the greed with which the concierge is selling Broadway tickets. We wanted to see The Producers, the concierge offered orchestra tickets for $170 each. After some back and forth, they said that the ticket will show a price of $100 and the rest is a fee that compensates the broker for holding tickets for the guests. They also said that no tickets would be available at the theatre (it was Saturday) and they have no tickets other than the orchestra. Well, we decided to go for a walk to the theatre (most of the theatres are closeby) and we easily bought two balcony tickets for $46 each. Who would not like to save $250? We laughed all the way back to the hotel.Get real, Marriott!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great NYC Bargain! Great hotel - reasonable price, good location, and very clean room. I travel a lot for business and would definitely recommend this hotel for both business and leisure travelers. Bed was very comfortable, room was quiet and had all the necessary conveniences including free high speed Internet access. Great bar across the street and a short walk to Times Square. Check in and check out were quick and efficient.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jazzyjudy7
<Content>Made in Manhatten The Courtyard Marriot is an excellent choice for a hotel.It is right in Times Square next to the Theatre Districtand the staff always goes out of their way to be helpful.The reception area is very nice and everyone makesyou feel welcome.I was surprised by the big room, as a lot of places inNew York have very small rooms. And the room whichwas located on the 29th floor was quiet. No soundsof traffic or garbage pick-ups.Included in our package was a full breakfast every morning with your choice of buffet or different items from the menu.Of course staying in Manhatten is Magnificent, with Theatre, Museums,Shopping and the best restaurants!!!!Enjoy  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and quiet We just stayed for 3 nights at the Courtyard in Times Square. It's got to be the quietest hotel on Times Square. We never heard any noise. Maybe because it's on 40th street; just far enough so you're not in the major crowds, but close to everything! Breakfast was wonderful, but pricey. Everyone was very friendly. Our room was typical, but we never spent much time there. The only problem we had was the night before we left, the front desk told us to come 10 minutes before we needed to leave and they would flag down a taxi for us. The next day, they said they couldn't do it and we'd just have to do it ourselves. We did, but it took a while. We'd definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Only stayed one night, but the room was great. Very clean and Quiet. Great workout room too! Highspeed internet. Everything you would expect from Marriott! This was a great hotel for the money.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>everything was great From the helpful, friendly staff to the delicious coffee in the lobby this hotel was everything a hotel should be. The location is close to the theatre district and several good restaurants. There is a subway station close by too. The room was clean and new looking. I can't say enough about the staff; the concierge was knowledgeable and friendly. She made reservations for us for dinner. We drove in and our car was parked for us. The hotel is simple to get to from the Lincoln tunnel and getting out was just as easy. I will stay again.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bill_CarolPlymouth
<Content>oh so quiet A veritable haven of peace after the noise of times square. We stayed on the 18 floor and hardly heard a thing;it was quieter than at home. The staff couldnt do more for you and were all pleasant The breakfast was slightly expensive; we used deli's subsequently I enjoyed my stay and wouldt bother looking for a better hotel for the price ; because i dont think they exist  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best of NYC       Our room  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wellermdfan
<Content>Great HOtel! Great Hotel! The room was big, bathroom was clean and also very large. And, something that usually doesn't happen - lots and lots of towels in the bathroom! The bed was very comfortable and had enough pillows. The rooms were quiet - I never heard our neighbors. THe elevators weren't slow at all and we never felt like we had to wait a long time. CHeck-in and Check-out were also very fast. We go to NYC a lot and this hotel was by far one of our favorites. The location was even nice. We don't usually like being in Times Square but it didn't seem crowded at our hotel at all. The hotel is about 1-2 blocks off Times Square so it wasn't very noisy. Easy walk to the subway and the subway is a major interchange so you can catch lots of different subway lines from that one stop. ALso, the Public Library is one block away. Two downsides: 1) breakfast wasn't that good at all. Our room came with a free breakfast - we only made that mistake the first morning. After that, we ate elsewhere. 2) the windows in the hotel room only opened about 3 inches so we couldn't get a good breeze going. I would definitely stay here again. I recommend this hotel to anyone going to NYC.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Linda travels
<Content>FIrst choice of Manhattan hotels Stayed at the Courtyard Times Square in March 2005. (there is another Courtyard down the street, I don't know about it) Have been to several hotels in Manhattan and like that this is right around the corner from all the action of TImes Square yet quiet at night. Nice sized rooms. Friendly and very helpful staff. Nice to have complimentary coffee and tea always available. Can easily walk either downtown or uptown. Easy to get to subways. This would be our first choice.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Don9992
<Content>Overall We Loved It The staff was exellent, especially the Jamaican-born bellman (wish I'd written down his name!). When we needed additional shampoo during the busy morning hours, it was there within 5 minutes.Rooms are clean and everything is in excellent shape. Halls are pleasant and well-lit. Even the guest laundry room was very clean and even secure.For my money, you can't beat the location. Easy walking distance to the subway, Times Square, the TKTS booth, and a lot of theaters, yet not nearly as hectic as those properties directly on Times Square.The only things I wasn't crazy about were beds and breakfast.The beds were a bit lumpy and not all that comfortable. Breakfast was overpriced and, while acceptable, nothing special.We were pleased overall and don't hesitate to recommend this propery.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>thelondoncabcompany
<Content>Very good place to stay! The hotel seems to have been built in the vacant space in the centre of the block. As a result the surrounding buildings absorb the noise of the street. Slept with the window open and wasn't disturbed at all.There were only 8 rooms per floor and couldn't hear any noise of TV's, people closing doors, or noise from other rooms above or below.Hotel is about 7 yars old so everything in fresh and new.Air-con/heating in the room is whisper quiet and works well.Rooms very big and comfortable and so was the bed. Bathroom also large  well lit.Staff very friendly and helpful, within 5 minutes of checking in someone was on the phone to make sure the room was upto standard.Location is fantastic. Mid-town Manhatten and a 3 minute walk from Times Square.Didn't use breakfast room as it looked a bit pricy and with a quintillion delis and diners 5 minute walk in any direction I went native. Saying that I noticed cops having breakfast in the hotel and I'm sure they wouldn't eat there if it wasn't upto scratch!Free coffee (and very nice!) on tap in reception 24/7Good fitness room in hotel together with vending machines and laundry room.Negative points:- Shower not brilliant- Waiting for a lift/elevator a 'peak-times' was a pain, but then my experiance is that all hotels are.- Muzac in public ground floor areas wanted to make me scream- being in the courtyard of the block the views were not great. I was about 10-15ft away from the window opposite and natural light is restricted, but then again if I wanted views I wouldn't have stayed there.WARNING: If you sleep in the nude, careful when you open the curtains in the morning ;O)  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel for Seeing NYC We just stayed at this hotel the last weekend in January (28-30) and it was fantastic. The location cannot be beat; with a short block walk to the lights of Times Square and easy access to any subway line you can imagine, you will see everything on your list. The rates are affordable, the rooms are bigger than average, and the hotel is off of the main, noisy streets.I reserved two rooms, one king and one with two doubles, and hoped they would be on the same floor. Not only did they get us rooms across the hall, we had a lock-out and could open our doors to make one huge suite! It was awesome and we so appreciated the wonderfully accommodating staff. The complimentary coffee and tea downstairs was a great preparation for the blistering cold of winter.I would most definitely recommend this hotel to anyone going to NYC for the tourist spots and broadway shows as you are in the center of it all. The rooms are clean, the lobby is elegant, and the neighborhood is safe. Wonderful!!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>martdm
<Content>Consistent Courtyard quality We stayed at the Courtyard December 16-19 of 2004. I booked the stay using Marriott reward certificates for some of the nights and was told I was only eligible for a king/smoking room with a rollaway for our third person under the reward terms. I called the hotel a few weeks ahead  requested a double/double non-smoking if available and was pleased that the request was fulfilled even though the hotel appeared to be booked to capacity that weekend. The room decor was typical Courtyard style and surprisingly big with a good sized bathroom (unusual in NYC!) much to the delight of us three gals that were staying together. The espresso machine in the lobby was a nice treat as well!The staff was pleasant, professional, courteous, friendly, and very accomodating, especially the cafe staff who were clearly overwhelmed each morning we were there. The cafe area seemed a bit small for the size of the hotel  did cause a 15-20 minute wait each morning before we could be seated but, considering the breakfast was included in the room, I can't complain.The only pitfall I found in our whole stay is that outside street noises were very loud from within our room on the 19th floor, especially considering that we faced a nearly blocked in courtyard between two other buildings (sirens awoke me at night and nearby construction work awoke me in the morning). Admittedly, I have never stayed so close to a busy area in NYC so perhaps I'm just not used to being that close to the action. At any rate, it was a small issue in an otherwise good stay that reminds me why I like the consistent quality of Courtyard so much.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mrsparker3
<Content>Great Hotel in a Pinch When visiting NYC we usually stay up on the Park but during the holidays the prices are ridiculous, so we had booked two nights at the Cosmopolitan in Tribeca. The neighborhood and the lobby kind of creeped us out once we got there and we cancelled that stay and tried to find something better. We paid full list price for a single room at the Courtyard and it was very, very nice. Nothing dishy like uptown but clean, comfortable, and quiet. Our room faced 40th Street and it was so dark that we slept until 10 AM. The location is excellent for shopping and theater. We will definitely consider this hotel for future stays.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I would stay again 8^) I've stayed at Courtyards before and I've enjoyed the comfort of the rooms and this one was no exception - modern, comfortable, clean.The location is great and if you're there over the weekend, be sure to visit the street faire on Sundays. The concierge was great! Very friendly and helpful. She pointed me to some very good restaurants. With the exception of one person at the front desk who must've had a very bad day, the front desk crew was very friendly. The only negative is that the in-house restaurant is closed in the evenings which is the first time that I've encountered such a situation at a Marriott property.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tlandis
<Content>Very nice Stayed the weekend of Novemebr 12 and using Marriott Reward points.  Excellent location, within five blocks of Macy's:only three blocks from Times Square. Nice, large ,clean room: great bed.Friendly and helpful staff; Complimentary coffee and tea in lobby a plus. Just what we would expect from a member of the Marriott chain. Would love to stay here again if a reasonable rate is available  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>WSmith
<Content>Good Room, Good Rate The Courtyard by Marriot at Times Square South was excellent. The room was clean, ready on time, and the wait staff was very attentive. Only drawback was the room was slightly small.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Courtyard Marriott is Perfect! Considering I had not been to New York before, I was naturally concerned about where to stay especially travelling with a 17 year old! The Courtyard Marriott was the perfect hotel in every aspect. The picture on their website did not look very appealing and certainly does not do justiceéˆ¥î›e were pleasantly surprised  very impressed when we arrived. I can assure you the rooms are very reasonably priced and extremely clean. The beds were made everyday  we were provided with fresh towels everyday too! The location could not be any better éˆ¥?literally on the doorstep of Times Square! The staff were extremely polite, friendly and helpful. éˆ¥î›‡lso very good on security! Get complimentary coffee machine in the lobby, which we used frequently! There were no faults that we could find éˆ¥?thoroughly enjoyed our stay! It really would be rude to ask for anything more! When we visit NY again we will definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, good hotel.   showReview(2581029, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cincyred1
<Content>Top Notch Hotel and Best Value   showReview(2575638, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Loved it   showReview(2501152, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>beachgirl86
<Content>Great location, clean rooms, friendly staff   showReview(2308379, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great place to stay in NYC   showReview(1754779, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Courtyard!   showReview(1740195, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fenwayman
<Content>Very good stay at Courtyard   showReview(1725848, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Most accommodating   showReview(1481791, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tomcat33333
<Content>Pricey but good facility   showReview(1437384, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mediocre service   showReview(565903, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NIkored
<Content>Courtyard al di sotto delle aspettative   showReview(23317208, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>seashiane
<Content>Courtyard ok!   showReview(21165533, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>MXimena
<Content>Perfecto para Manhattan!   showReview(21104733, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	4	5	

<Author>Carmen25
<Content>Excelente estadé“†a en el Courtyard Marriot /Times Square South       Nuestra habitaciè´¸n  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>sophieb06
<Content>gèŒ…nial!!!!   showReview(20271575, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bondoux
<Content>Excellent Hä¹ˆtel   showReview(15248987, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chris0303
<Content>Gutes Mittelklassehotel in super Lage!   showReview(14431753, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>LAO07
<Content>Gran ubicaciè´¸n   showReview(8861915, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	4	

