<Author>iluv2travelBoston
<Content>Ghastly, Horrible, Filthy hotel - Stay away !! I stayed at this hotel 3 weeks ago and it was a disaster. They are claiming that the room they gave me is newly-renovated. Renovated??Hello???! The room was horrible! The furniture are tacky. They are uncomfortable, disgusting and cheap-looking. Also, the room was not properly cleaned - there are hairs in the bathroom. The breakfast area was filthy! The parking area (basement) was sickening- it's flooded with water!  What a waste of money!! I should have just stayed in a Motel 6 - they are much better than this hotel!  I defnitely would never come back at this one - even if they pay me!  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	2	1	

<Author>mnveil
<Content>Terrible Decision I was booked in this hotel for three nights, but could only take it for one. I agree with another reviewer that this hotel does not meet Hilton standards and I cannot understand how it can have an 鈥淓mbassy Suites鈥?sign on the front. I arrived very late and entered my room which was reeked of stale cigarette smoke, moisture problems, and disinfectant. It was a non-smoking room. The room d茅cor and fixtures were in serious need of updating, adding to the dingy feel already created by the dim lighting and yellowed ceiling from years of tobacco smoke.The sheets on the bed were old and thin, and the pillows were in bad need of replacement.The good news: There appear to be renovations taking place, so if you end up going to this hotel is may be worth asking for an updated room at check in. I was so turned off I found another hotel.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>or1
<Content>Horrible Hotel I booked this hotel on the Hilton website assuming this was up to Hilton standards. This was not even up to Motel 6 standards. The room smelled of disinfectant, the heating/air conditioning system was loud, the control impossible to manipulate, resulting in swings of temperature from hot to cold. The fan in the bathroom was so noisy it was better to bathe in the dark. The wireless internet would not work. When reported to the front desk, I was treated more rudely than I have been in many years. We originally booked a two night stay and left after one horrible night. Hilton should be ashamed.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	1	1	

<Author>oviedos1
<Content>Horrible!!!!!!!!!!! Cant believe this is a Embasy Suites Hotel! This hotel is in HORRIBLE shape! There was blood on the walls, the TV had speakers that were blown and you couldnt change the volume to even turn it down. They replaced the TV with another piece of junk TV. I stay in the Embassy suites on purpose but I wont anymore. I told Hilton about my experience and all I got was a cheesy generic email saying I was already contacted and I WAS NOT CONTACTED. My belongings were stolen from the room, the elevators were broken, there were a lot of angry people staying there, it was HORRIBLE  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JayIs
<Content>OK for business travellers. The room I got was OK. It is standard suite from an Embassy Suites. The hotel is generally clean except the underground garage, which is a little too smelly and dirty for me. It is located at the intersection of major freeways so the noise is a given. But I slept OK.Some of things inside need major improvement. Like their gym, pool, furniture. They are just TOO old.We had to venture out to get a good meal. They are quite a few good restaurants around. The one inside the hotel is just mediocre.In general it is all right. But don't expect it to Wow you.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Dallas20something
<Content>Will not return. Don't go on New Year's Eve and expect Quiet. My wife and I went to the hotel thinking that it would be a quite getaway from fireworks in our neighborhood on New Year's Eve. Boy were we wrong. The hotel is open in the middle, so all of the noise from the lobby, restaurant, etc. is heard by every room in the hotel. There were people yelling, loud blow horns, and screems all night long. We complained to the management, but they told me that it was new year's eve, and that the other loud people were guests. I told them that I was a guest as well and asked them to tell people to be quiet. They did not. It was the worst night I have ever stayed in a hotel. The room itself was okay, but the management's service was deplorable. I left an angry comment note the following morning at check-out and did not receive a phone call or a response. I will never stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	3	1	3	

<Author>MemphisMojoTraveler
<Content>Grand Ol' Dame needs a little TLC As other reviewers have stated, this hotel is a somewhat older model Embassy Suites that has been allowed to become a bit frayed in some respects. Shame on Hilton for not doing a better job of maintaining and updating the property because the hotel still has the potential to be awesome, much more so than many newer model Embassy Suites properties. A little tender loving care (and money) could transform this hotel into a showcase.First, the interior atrium of the hotel exudes warmth and charm. Exposed brickwork is abundant. Ditto for foliage. Large fish swim in a clear makeshift stream. There is ample elbow room for guests to pull up a seat and unwind. In short, the atrium is much, much more inviting than the somewhat cold, sterile and largely lifeless common areas found in some newer model Embassy Suites.Second, my suite itself (Room #804) seemed much more spacious than rooms I've had in newer model Embassy Suites. In fact, the suite seemed downright huge! It easily and comfortably accommodated my family of four with room to spare.Unfortunately, however, evidence of neglect was obvious in the suite. The furnishings and carpet were outdated. The cooling system was noisy. The thermostat for the cooling system looked and performed as if it hadn't been updated in 20 or 30 years! Mattresses and pillows on the beds seemed very old and worn. The bottomline: The suites need to be renovated. Given the obvious need to upgrade the suites, my guess is that Hilton would like to sale the property instead of investing money to bring it up to par. Again, shame on Hilton for allowing such a lovely Embassy Suites to deteriorate and for not recognizing the potential of this hidden jewel.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	2	3	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>ksn177
<Content>Nasty room The room I was in the first night (426)had mold growing in the bathroom, ceiling had apparent water damage and the sinks overflowed at 730 in the morning. The second room (427) was about the same and smelled of smoke (I didn't realize how bad until I got home and all my clothes had a lot of smoke odor. Happy hour was a nice touch and so was breakfast. The bartender in Houstons (bald gentleman) was not very effecient though the bartender working on 3/11 was excellent. His manager that night appeared annoyed that there were customers in the bar and looked like he did not trust the bartender even though he was doing an awesome job.The fitness center consisted of weights, 2 treadmills and 2 bikes. Both treadmills were broken and the bikes were the most uncomfortable ones I had ever been on. Martin the hotel driver took us to a Mexican restaraunt Mario and Albert Mexican Cuisine. He treated our group great. Be advised this hotel does not appear to be in a good area judging by the warning signs around the parking lot. Unless I had I would not stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	1	2	3	2	3	

<Author>kimweaks
<Content>Not up to par Having two children, we LOVE Embassy Suites hotels. This time, however, we were disappointed with our stay. We had wondered why this hotel was significantly cheaper than the other ES's in the area and had assumed that it was because of construction on the highway that might have caused it to be more difficult to get to. WRONG! Plain old customer service seems to be the culprit! I am not sure if this hotel is independently owned or if the management is slacking, but we will not be staying here again.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mayapr99
<Content>Fourth of July I agree with the others the quality of services was superb however the hotel is older and needs a face lift...I have stayed in this ES on bussiness and it was OK, this visit was on leisure and I wanted to sleep late. They mow the lawn at 7:30 AM, totally unacceptable.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good for young family-reasonable price Took kids there for getaway during Memorial Day weekend. Pool/jacuzzi indoor was fine.Atrium attractive, room clean.Brfst freshly made. Mgr reception sparse and drinks disappointing. Smaller kids enjoyed-older kids thought property old-perception is key! Close to great north Dallas shopping-a plus! Overall good for price.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gburketek
<Content>Very good value I stayed with my family at the Embassy Suites over the Labor Day weekend in 2005 and we were very satisfied with the level of accomodations and the quality of the breakfast each morning, considering the price we paid for each night was only $84 through Hotwire. The hotel is slightly older but is still well-managed and in very good condition for its age. The room was comfortable and had the standard front-to-back Embassy suite layout with the living room and kitchen in the front and a dividing doorway leading to the bedroom and bath area. The only complaints I have are that the hotel is located on the northwest corner of the I-635 and US-75 intersection therefore, you have to work your way up Coit Rd. to the north side of 635, and take a frontage road to go to the hotel, making for difficult access. In addition, there isn't a very visible selection of restaurants near the hotel but, that didn't deter us from finding local Dallas favorites such as Dave  Busters or the Purple Cow. All in all, I would stay there agin at the price I paid. It's too good to pass up. Besides, the Dallas MTA is only a few blocks away so, you can still go to the West End in just minutes from Park Central.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SheWhoWanders
<Content>Marginal stay I stayed in this hotel for 2 days for business. I was disappointed overall, but there were a few positive features. The wireless internet ($9.95 per day) did not work from my room - they promised a bridge to help but two days later they were still checked out to other customers. The hotel is ok, but not as positive as most Embassy Suite hotels - I travel frequently and usually enjoy my stays at ES. The breakfast was outstanding - many hot choices and high quality options. The complimentary evening happy hour is a nice touch, but the available options were truly low end beverages. The hotel was not bad, but I would not say it was good either - just ok. I will probably stay at one of the other neighboring hotels when I visit this area again.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>crashtx1
<Content>OK Stay at the Embassy Suites Park Central We stayed at the Embassy Suites Park Central on Tuesday, March 14, 2006 as part of an 鈥榠n town鈥?vacation. We booked the 鈥楤irthday Party鈥?package (though we had no birthdays to celebrate) for $129. This package includes two pizzas and a pay-per-view movie.Though at times slow, the Hilton web site provides some of the best information about their hotels. The online booking worked very well, including changes we made to the reservation.Pros:1) Everyone we dealt with at the hotel was exceptionally nice.2) Our reservation was handled perfectly, including being put on one of the Hilton HHonors floors.3) The free pizza we received as part of the 'Birthday Party' package was excellent.4) The food at the breakfast buffet was excellent.5) The pool was larger than many hotels, and the workout facility was pretty nice.Cons:1) This is an older hotel and is showing its age. The rooms are nice, but you can tell that everything older. There was a letter in the room saying they had done a $2M renovation, but it needs a lot more. Fortunately we had friends who had stayed there before so we somewhat knew what to expect. Also, the same package we booked for $129 here was $229 at the Grapevine Embassy, so you have to know that something is different.2) While the food at the breakfast was good, the layout of the serving line is not, which resulted in some very long lines. Other Embassy鈥檚 I鈥檝e stayed at put things like scrambled eggs and pancakes in a server yourself area which makes the line move faster.3) Again, we knew what to expect, but in case you don鈥檛 the location of the hotel is not good for getting around. In our case the hotel was our destination, otherwise it would have been disappointing. However, though the hotel is right next to a busy highway we did not notice an unreasonable amount of noise at night.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DrHickenlocher
<Content>Worst Embassy in Existence Worst Embassy Suites in Existence. Now most Embassy's are a little older, with little renovation ever since Hilton bought them out. But this was absolutely filthy and run down. But the biggest problem was when I specifically asked for a non-smoking room. They verbally assured me it was non-smoking. There was even a no-smoking logo on the door. So then I go into my room to find a really bad cigarette stench, not to mention two ashtrays in the room. So I go down to the front desk and my colleague has the exact same problem. They assign me a new room, and lo and behold, it's a SMOKING room. And the snooty manager has the nerve to tell me that I can handle the smell. Thank god it was only 1 night.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Stay We were on our way home from a trip at Corpus Christi. We'd been on the road for 8 hours and encountered a 45 minute traffic jam. People pulling out of line so they could get further up the road and making matters far worse then they really had to be. We were aggrivated, and just ready to be out of the car. We came upon this Embassy and since we like Embassy we decided to just stay. I am a smoker so if there is no balcony I want a smoking room. This is what my husband ordered for us. Well, we get to the room and find out it say's non-smoking. He goes back to the desk to find that they have changed the whole thing... the entire 3rd floor used to be all smoking, now it's mixed. The only thing left in smoking was two double beds. We declined and I smoked in my room anyway.. it already smelled of smoke and that ,afterall is what I paid for. Other then that little matter, we have a GREAT STAY! The staff was nice, the room service was prompt... when we were finished eating we called down and heard them taking our tray in about 15 minutes. We coudn't of asked for a nicer stay or friendlier staff. We will be making this trip to Copus a lot coming up... and will be back to this Embassy both coming and going. Dallas is the 1/2 way mark... and even though there is road constriction now.. it won't always be that way. I would HIGHLY reccomend this hotel... great value for the money... and EXCELLENT steaks.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't do it We picked this hotel to stay at on our wedding night and at about 3 am the fire alarm went off and we stood outside for almost 2 hours. When we asked what was going on, no one would give us a straight answer. The very next morning we checked out instead of staying our second day like planned. We asked if you could get our money back since we can never get out wedding night back again, but they were no help. People were very very rude the whole time.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JaymeW
<Content>Great time! This was my first trip to Dallas and I had a great time. I had to be at Embassy Suits for a week for veterinary conferences in april so i actually didn't get to see the city much at all but the hotel made up for it. I loved the staff... Miquel, the shuttle driver; Jaun, the concierge; Padre, the bartender. In the evenings the hotel offered complimentary cocktail hour, then Miquel would drive us to nearby restuarants or the dart system... every ride was an adventure w/ loud spanish music.. the entire bus consisted of strangers dancing around until our destinations. Very fun! Jaun gave us great tips on where to go and what to see although time was limited to evenings due to our all day conferences. It is a very nice and lovely hotel. The only drawback was the construction which is the not the hotels fault. Location could be better but it is great for business trips... and you could always ride 'the spanish shuttle' to the dart system into town..  
<Date>Sep 5, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>vabeachlady
<Content>Location is a big drawback If you are thinking of staying at this Embassy Suites, the first thing you should do is print out the directions to the hotel found on the Hilton web site. Then crumple them up into a ball and throw them away, because they will do you no good in trying to get to this hotel. There is massive freeway construction going on in front of this hotel, and it seems to result in the opening, closing, moving, renaming, etc. of the exit ramp you need to take. My family of 4 stayed here one night, as part of a cross-country trip, in July, 2004. Once we got to the general vicnity of the hotel, it took us about an hour of wandering around and using the GPS gadget my husband brought on the trip to finally get to the hotel. As I was checking in, the businessman ahead of me was complaining to the desk clerk, Geez everytime I stay here, I have to find a new way to get here! I bet. Now, all that construction may not be the hotel's fault, but I think the giving of current, accurate directions is the least they could do. That said, the hotel itself was very nice. It was the standard, open atrium Embassy Suites design. The indoor racquetball and basketball courts were nice bonuses. The made-to-order breakfast buffet was up the usual Embassy Suites standards. The suite was clean and well maintained. If you're brave enough to leave the hotel once you find it, there are various shops and restaurants in the area, altough the immediate area is comprised mostly of offices and apartments. I'm not sure I would stay here again, though, since I seriously doubt I could find it again, and the overwhelming volume of traffic and sheer complexity of the highways were a bit too much for me.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FriscoBarbie
<Content>This was our second stay at this hotel, and it was not a good experience.... this time! I don't think we will ever return.We selected this Embassy Suites for a three-night stay over the 4th of July weekend because we had a good stay there in March, 2004. But, numerous problems were encountered on this recent trip. What a disappointment. Here's a quick recap:1) I reserved (in writing) a suite with two double beds. They assigned us and sent us to a room with one king bed. Had to make a call for that and change rooms. 2) It took not one, not two, but THREE calls down to the front desk (and 6 hours) to have a chair delivered to our new suite. The table is supposed to have four chairs. It only had three. We are a family of four. We need four chairs to sit and eat. Simple enough. Why it took three requests is beyond me.4) My husband and son are sort of sloppy when it comes to keeping the mirrors clean when using the sink. The housekeeper didn't bother to clean them. I had to write her a big note to get her to do it the next day. 5) The chips that came with the room service we ordered were stale...really stale. Have you ever bitten into a tortilla chip that was rubbery? It was GROSS! 6) Our room service tray was still outside our suite door 24 hours after we put it there. The old spinach dip was festering. Housekeeping had been by our room twice that day at that point. Guess they couldn't be bothered to pick that up. 7) Their claim of a cooked to order breakfast does not hold true on the weekends when it comes to omelettes. On Saturdays and Sundays, you cannot have an omelette made to your liking. They give you a choice of three (for example, ham, cheese or ham and cheese were the choices this past weekend), and they don't even cook them up fresh. They pre-make them and have them sitting under heat lamps. Bleh! Despite all of this, I still hadn't complained about any of this to anyone. I was trying to just go with the flow. I didn't even complain when we came back to our room Sunday afternoon to find a note that indicated there was a problem with the circulating pump and that they couldn't guarantee the suites would have hot water. But on our last night there, something happened that sent me over the edge. My 11 year old daughter was leaving the pool area. She had a pool towel over her shoulder, and one wrapped around her head. As she walked out the door of the pool area, one of the hotel employees who was stocking pool towels grabbed the towel right off her shoulder. She came out to me in the atrium area and she looked very bewildered. The guy was following closely behind her and barked at her to give her the pool towel she had her hair wrapped in. I was in shock! He walked off before I had a chance to even catch his name. I sent the rest of the family up to the room and I went to the front desk. I let the manager on duty have it. I was so angry I was shaking. He was shocked when he heard what the pool employee did to my daughter. I also recounted everything else that had happened during our visit. He promised to look into the pool incident and call us in the room.He did call a little while later and said he had spoke to the guy, and as a gesture of apology, he would credit us 1/2 of one night's stay (oh wow...how generous...not! ). The next morning when I got the bill from under our door, guess what we DIDN'T get...that's right. We *didn't get* the 1/2 night's credit the night-time mgr. had promised us. I almost had to laugh. I went back downstairs and explained the whole situation to a nice young lady behind the counter (no manager was on duty - what is up with that????) who took better care of the situation. She gave us a credit for the entire night's stay, plus gave me 2 Spider Man Web packs for the kids. I also asked her to have the mgr. call me before we checked out at 11:00 a.m. I never heard from him. Gee, I'm not surprised. I called down at 11 to tell her we were vacating our room, but that I hadn't heard from the mgr. I also told her to just forget it, and she said to wait a sec, and then she put him on. I wish she hadn't. He may have been an asst. GM, but he seemed to be extremely unprofessional, for lack of a better word. I was none too happy about being blown off again, and he made the mistake of making a sarcastic comment about getting a word in. When I heard that, I told him I was done, and I hung up the phone. He actually came DOWN to the parking garage to find me. Big mistake on his part. I told him flat out that his getting a word in remark was WAY out of line, and I told him that the only thing I had to say was that the mgmt. of this particular Embassy Suites *sucked* (yes, I'm a 40 year old woman and I told him that...that's how disgusted I was). He walked off shaking his head. I plan to take his attitude, along with everything else that happened, up with Hilton myself.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel with beautiful decor We stayed at the Embassy Suites Park Central in Dallas, Texas for a week. It was very close to the I-636 and I-75 highways and in a very convenient location. Even though it is close to the highway, we didn't experience any traffice noise while in our room. The hotel is very nice with beautiful decor. It looked new. We had a very nice suite with a very comfortable king size bed. They accomodated every request that I made. The cook to order breakfast was great! They will make omelettes, waffles, pancakes, etc. just for you! They also had an assortment of muffins, bagels, and fruit as well. We were very happy we stayed there and we will stay there again!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>better than any embassy suites ive stayed in this is one of the best embassy suites that ive stayed. the breakfast was great- you can have whatever you want. the only problem was that the hallway by the pool stank and the coke machine was way to expensive and there was a big tear in the sofa of my suite. the austins steakhouse was great if you dont want to go out for supper because they are building a interchange and there is construction all infront of the hotel. i would reccomend it to everyone  
<Date>Dec 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Best Hotel I've ever visited! The Embassy Suites Park Central is truly an amazing experience. I should know, I've been there at least a dozen times. The staff is exceptional and always willing to help. If we made a request for anything, it was very promptly brought to us. The rooms are always cleaned and neatly organized after coming back from a busy day of shopping in Dallas!! Also, if you don't want to get into rush hour Dallas traffic, the restaurant in the lobby is fabulous! The best part of our experience at the Embassy Park Central was the cook-to-order breakfast. It is a fantastic ammenity provided by the hotel. They offer every kind of breakfast food you could want and will cook you perfect omlettes, french toast, pancakes, anything you wish. This is a definite hotel choice for your next visit to Dallas.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉儞銉炽偘銇ㄣ儥銉冦儔銉兗...   showReview(21747307, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

