<Author>Table48
<Content>Worst stay in Singapore I have always loved staying in Singapore on Business and this time I took my family for New Years break. The check-in took almost an hour. Why do they only have so few check-in terminals and how could they be so slow.... After the ordeal, we were so tired and was unpleasantly surprised to find the bathroom with a ceiling that was falling apart and a hole in the corner where ants crawled out. and smell of urine Since we were leaving the next day. We decided to just tough it out for the night and tell the reception that we wanted another room upon our return. We waited another hour to check-in on our return. There was no message left for the reception that we would not want the same room. We were relieved when we entered the room that it was a refurbished room like the ones on their website. Our left baggage never came and when we went down to the bell captain, they told us that there was a communication problem with reception and they never recieved the claim tag that we gave them. We waited for 30 minutes for the extra bed to come which the reception had promised would be sent up shortly. We called housekeeping only to be told that they would check with reception. After another hour, we spoke with the duty manager and told them that we were going out to dinner and wanted to have the extra bed before we came back. When we returned from dinner the bed had not arrived so we called housekeeping again and reception again and the duty manager who would not pick up the phone. After 4 hours close to midnight the extra bed finally came.The most aggravating thing was the attitude of the staff who kept telling me that they had not recieved instructions or that it would be solved soon. I felt sorry for the staff who seemed to be over-stretch. I am sure they want to do their jobs properly but I guessed that there were just not enough staff.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>greekadventurer
<Content>Great choice for Singapore. Perfect location. Good price for the product       Outside the hotel on the streets of Singapore  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Johnnyboy2008
<Content>Worst hotel ever in such a vibrant city.... We stayed 3 nights within Dec 08. The hotel is terrible, took nearly 2 hours to check-in as the room was not ready.Once we did get into the room we found it very cramped, damp smell and to top that off we had raw sewage leaking from the bottom of the toilet !We had the do not disturb on the door, which did not make any difference at all, they still came knocking at 8 in the morning !Avoid if you want to make the most of a wonderful city, there are much better places to stay - we would have cancelled if we had not got a 100% cancellation fee in the contract 72 hours before arriving.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	2	1	1	3	

<Author>cruiserwales
<Content>Stay Away!! The name may conjure up great expectations but the reality is GRIM! How it can masquerade as a 4* hotel is beyond belief.  Our room, on the 11th. Floor, was jaded to say the least - old carpetting; soiled wall covering; an electrical socket which was loose on the wall; a wash basin which drained so slowly that to say it did so at a snail's pace would be offensive to snails; a toilet bowl, which,when flushed, filled almost to the rim and then drained equally slowly, obviously due to blockages somewhere in the system;an antiquated airconditioning system , complete with control which came away in your hand, and which could not be adjusted. The rooms are obviously in dire need of both refurbishment and redecoration.The overpriced buffet breakfast, the equivalent of 拢16 per head, was not even worth a glance.On the positive side - very good position and two swimming pools.However, you would be hard pressed to find a poorer stopover in Singapore!!!!!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BakerB
<Content>Great location We arrived at the Peninsula Excelsior at 3am. The check-in clerk indicated that we would have a wait of about 20 minutes while staff readied a new room for us due to a burst pipe on the floor of our reserved room. The old room was in the Peninsula Tower, and the new room was in the Excelsior Tower, which I suspect worked in our favor. Our Excelsior Tower room was quite nice. It was spacious and comfortable. It is clearly an older hotel, but has been maintained well and is kept quite clean. Our breakfast, which was not included in our room price was quite expensive.We couldn't have asked for a better location. It is an easy walk to the marina, shopping, and most tourist sites.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>working_dadPI
<Content>100% satisfied Unlike the Hongkong Ramada (the worst hotel I had been to) Peninsula's staff had accomodated most, if not all, of my needs. My family and I stayed for 4 days, the front desk personnel gave us a connecting room on the 10th floor with the nice view. Breakfast was a bit greasy but they were served hot. The location is close to just about most sites tourists wants to see.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>stevesavio1980
<Content>Peninsula Excelsior sucks We went to singapore for our honeymoon.....This hotel has the worst possible room service and the slowest possible elevators .......The staff is lazy and lethargic...Moreover they forcibly charged me extra money for some drinks missing from the mini bar in my room....My wife and I do not drink but we still had to pay 70$ for the missing drinks......our baggage was held by the hotel until we paid the amount......breakfast is horrible and cold ....room service serves cold food.....Please do not stay at this hotel ever.....The worst place in singapore is Peninsula and I strongly recommend not to stay here.................I have stayed at the worst places around USA and got better service than peninsula excelsior.......  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>NZ2
<Content>Better hotel in Singapore than this one Stayed at this hotel courtesy of Singapore Airlines after they canceled a flight back to New Zealand. Appears hotel in to different blocks the Peninsular in one building and renovated. The Excelsior in another block, but use the same reception,pool etc.The sign in the lift says ,,,welcome to our newly renovated hotel..... they must have missed doing room 1135 and the hallways on that floor. Yes large room but very dated and worn ( but clean ).Easy access to hotel.... take the metro from the airport to City Hall $1.60 and 3 minute walk. Suggest the Swissotel Stamford a much better hotel also by City Hall metro but get off at Raffles. Hotel attached to very nice shopping centre.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DBorg
<Content>OK hotel - good location Stayed here one night on are way back to Beijing from Rawa Island. The hotel, service and room were ok. The location was great for shopping and restaurants. I would probably stay here again. I my opinion a nice 3 star hotel.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Jinnynel
<Content>Totally let down We have just returned from our honeymoon and we stayed at the Peninsula Excelsior for 4 nights before going of to an Indonesian island for 2 nights, and then back at the Peninsula for our final night. I had stayed there 3 years ago with my mother in a fantastic room with great views and great service and therefore decided to stay there for our honeymoon..... BIG MISTAKE. Service was pretty good but the room was AWFUL. The minute we got off the elevator at the 10th floor it smelt musty and damp but I still had high hopes for the room. Once in though I was so disappointed by what I saw, it was like something out of the 80s and it smelt just about as bad as the hall way. The bathroom was TINY and the shower was awful spraying just one jet out??!?! Complained to reception telling them its our honeymoon and that was not what we expected but they just looked at me blankly.On return from our stay at Bintan Island (Indonesian) in a lovely hotel resort I insisted that they put us in a better room as we were highly disappointed with the first. Service was not the best as she then said she can put us in a room and move two single beds together!! Hmm no, I re explained to her that this was our honeymoon and that would not do. She then found us a room on the 11th floor, the smell as we walked off the elevator was even worse than the previous floor (like the smell of the fruit that the locals say smells like hell but tastes like heaven). Room was styled in exactly the same way as the first but just bigger.We will definitely not be staying at this hotel again, and will not be recommending it to any of our friends and family who go to Singapore on holiday or as a stopover.Only plus was the fact that the hotel was so central.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>aral
<Content>location is great This is hotel is a good one for stopovers.陌ts in the heart of the city and you can find everything arround(shops,restaurants).it has two towers and i ve seen both of them.Try to stay at the peninsula tower becasue its renuved.There are two lobbyies one at the ground floor the other is an up level.the front desk is kind and very fast at their job.Since i had only a day for singapore i need to be checked in and out easly and i needed to be go arround fast and easy i am satisfied with this hotel.The sushi restaurant just next to the hotel was nice. and also if you like digital life and tecnology there is big mall just at the back side of the hotel which is called digitallife mall.The night safari and singapore zoo were fantastic.Take sunday morning breakfast in zoo with monkeys and go to the night safari at night.it is the best schedcule.Taxi fares are ok and they are safe.but to find a cab is hard.in singapore people call the taxis to come and take them.so get a taxi phone asap.in agust it was rainy and humidty is high.oh by the way singapore airport is a big and a lovely one.good shops and good restaurants.so overall i liked the hotel for stopevers and city lovers.and singapore is a very nice place too see.i ll be back there:) have fun  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>BrissyGirl-in-London
<Content>Mixed views Stayed here for 3 nights on a Singapore Stopover package.Best thing about this hotel is its convenient location to just about everything the stopover traveller needs.I got to hotel  checked in quite early (after a 15hr flight) and understandable my room wasn't ready. I said I would go out (for approx 6hrs )and was told that upon my return my room would be ready with bags awaiting. Not so. By this stage I was desperate for a shower  a change of clothes but it took 2 phone calls  another hour before my bags arrived at my room! Hindsite says I should have gone  retrieved them myself!I took a bath and when I drained it, the bathroom totally flooded with water coming up through the floor drain. The TV also wasn't working so I reported both items to the reception as I left for my next outing of about 4 hours. Upon my return (now 9pm local time  no sleep for the past 24hrs) I soon discovered that both faults were still not rectified. Two phone calls  one hour later I was able to finally get some much needed sleep.The breakfast buffet left alot to be desired as far as price versus quality goes. Also the temperatures of the dishes left alot of questioning in regards to food hygiene  safety. During the course of that day, for some reason, housekeeping removed all the contents from my mini-bar - strange!!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>Singapore0808
<Content>Horrible stay at Hotel but good location I have just returned from Singapore after 4 night stay in this hotel. I had very bad experience with hotel. This was the worst hotels I have ever stayed in my entire life. We were 3 family people, I reserved the hotel with preference of sea view,non-smoking and paid around $240/day when added tax S$283/per day . For such expensive rate you expect some quality services. Forget the quality, the Hotel wasn't clean, house keeping services were terrible, lots lots of noise always. You should not take any help from Tour desk. It is not just expensive but information is incomplete. There wasn't even visibility of sea from the hotel More importantly, the check-in did not take place ontime as the computer systems were broke out, we had to wait outside after a travel of around 10hours. The only good thing about the hotel is, it is located in a prime place. You can walk around Marine Park and Boat Quay. if you are using MRT, the accessibility is very good. Taxi's are always available unlike the other areas. You can access suntech city through the underground passage through cityhall railway station.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	1	1	3	2	

<Author>lazyadventurer
<Content>Excellent location, very convenient . We enjoy our 2 nights stay. Room was clean. We didn't use too much of their service because we were out most of the time. But they were all polite. Location is very convenient to public transportation.Not sure the reason of the hotel selective treatment to the previous reviewer because we are asian too. Maybe we booked through Singapore Airlines.Overall, I would stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>augustenborg
<Content>Great service - great location We are a Danish couple and we stayed at the hotel just for 2 nights and we would liked to have stayed longer.We arrived very early in the morning after 18 hours travel time, so we were tired. Our room would not be ready until 2 pm, but they gave us another room so we could check in early. For an extra cost off course - but we got the room on 20th floor. And it was clean with a great view.We do not understand all the bad reviews - we had read them before our arrival and we were a bit worried. But we will highly recommend the hotel for others. The service was great, everybody were smiling and we got the help we needed to see just a little bit of Singapore before we went on to Bali.Thank you to all you nice people of Peninsula Excelsior Hotel you helped to make our short stay in Singapore a great stay.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>PipkinsLondon
<Content>Dreadful! We stayed here for one night (thank goodness!!) on the Singapore Stopover Package. The room was very dated and run down. The lock fell off the door withinn five minutes of being in the room,then we had a problem with the shower - it wouldn't turn off - they came to fix it eventually, but then it would only run hot water and they would not come back to look at it until we had run the tap for 30 mins!!Staff were quite unhelpful. We booked an alarm call for 5:30am and it ver came...good job we set our own alarm just in case!It is in a good location..just five min walk from Clarke Quay and Raffles City.Worth paying a bit extra for a better standard hotel.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	5	1	4	1	-1	

<Author>Robert010
<Content>Great location, good hotel Great location, great room veiw, nice staff, clean room. good price.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>avva
<Content>Not as bad as some reviews have said This was my third time at the Peninsular hotel and each time the hotel has improved. My last stay four years ago was plesant but the room a bit faded, this time I was upgraded on arrival into a premier room on the 17th floor.Room spotless, newly decorated, huge bathroom and plasma tv.View of the pool and Excelsior hotel. Reception staff very helpful in every way, did not eat in the Hotel as I spent time with friends who live in Singapore. Hotel is central near to a large underground station, and free buses to the Singapore eye stop just across the road.Busy hotel mainly stop over guests and one of the cheaper ones if like me your a Singapore airlines passenger on one of thier stop overs.I will use the hotel again for my next visit, it has a good sized pool, gym , and for a woman travleing alone is good secure place to stay.Do go on the Singapore eye its bigger than the london one the views are awesome. East Dariun fruit it does not smell that bad and tastes like custard. Take the walk from the Jardine steps along Henderson waves, to the canopy walk, amazin gardens and butterflies to be seen.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>griff500
<Content>Poor rooms but good location Stayed here on a stopover back to Perth for 2 nights on the 24th to 26th july.The reception and pool area look quite plush.I arrived 6:30 in the morning and found the staff friendly but slow to check in.My room (1229)was on the 12th floor(nonsmoking) in the excelsior tower overlooking the pool.The views were pretty good especially at night.The new Supreme Court building looks like a UFO.The room had 2 single beds and a small bathroom which really needs renovating.There was a bar fridge,tv and room safe.The carpets had stains on them and there was a door that connects to the room nextdoor.The breakfast bar had a pretty good selection.The location is very good.You cannot fault it.You have the city hall station nearby and your choice of shops also (Raffles City).There was a really good foodhall across the road and downstairs that did some tasty and cheap dinners.I walked to the Singapore flyer in 40 min and the Merlion statue on the river in 25 min.I would suggest that when you go to Sentosa Island then you catch the cable car over from Mt Faber.The views are well worth it.So overall it is the rooms that let this hotel down bigtime.I was lucky that I didn't spend that much time in them anyway but it is ashame.I would recommend this hotel to people but forwarn them about the rooms.I think the Peninsula tower is the more upmarket of the 2 but if you are in the Excelsior tower then ask for a pool view room.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>SecondClassAsian
<Content>Are Asians not welcome especially under tour package ! The minute we check-in on 11th July,2008, with my wife The receptionist said You must pay SGD50.00 for the Bar Counter. If you extend your stay, wil be SGD240 per night. One hour later after we came down from our room(We need to call for our luggage to be sent to our room while waiting). The same receptionist did not said a thing, went into small room and produce a chart and said The rate is now SGD320 per night. We argued and she said Now you are our WALK-IN CUSTOMER. It was unbelievable and just check-in ONE HOUR ago and already residing in the hotel. The receptionist go on and said You need to ask your agent to fax us again if you want the same rate.' And what anger us was the way the receptionist body langauge/when she turn to the small room and make some facial expressions at her colleagues ! It was like a message I gonna give them a hard time. Of course we have a most unpleasant conversations with the Manager.We came back late after attending the funeral ceremony of my mother/mother-in-law. We open the bar counter and alas! it was empty! We call the reception in the early morning and was told it was a deposit for telephone calls. My wife call me as she was sick on the last day of the funeral and alas! the hotel room telephone was unable to call out to local calls. My husband return wanting to make a police report for Stolen things from the bar counter. I stop him and we check-in to Bayview hotel.We think we are just being Asian to be treated thus with all this body language/words of unprofessionalism. And why take the package customer from Thailand. And we not spend SGD200 ++ for few hours a day to gain or steal from the hotel bar counter. And there was nothing in the bar counter nor telephone service for local calls. Not to mentioned the internet service of SGD1.00 per minute. We just log/in out and get the emails and that cost us SGD10.00. We were worry that we call in the early morning hours to confirm it was SGD10.00 and we do not want any more law/rules biinding us by some unwelcome reception from this hotel. My husband said he will return to be the VIP and walk-in and see how it goes at all cost! Or is it Asian customers will always be treated as sub-standard class of customers.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wal-did-europe
<Content>Perfect Hotel We can't understand the previous comments made about this hotel !!! When we stayed in June, 2008, on our way home from Europe we found the hotel (including the room, room service, staff and booking procedures) to be of an excellent standard.After reading some of the reviews before we left, we were a little hesitant, but our travel agent had assured us that she had stayed there with no problems and when we got there we were pleasantly surprised.The room was not only very clean, we had magnificent views from the 17th floor and a massive king size bed.The breakfast was definitely above average.Overall, we were very happy and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Elderlytraveller
<Content>Comfort zone A friend recommended this,  it was easy to see why: it is full of other Australians, so if you are a timid traveller (as she is) you can feel as though you haven't really left home if you stay at the Peninsual Excelsior. We found the check-in procedure quite horrible; we weren't part of a tour group or a visiting football team so we were obviously quite unimportant to the Reception staff. After all that, however, we enjoyed the great location  the efficient breakfast service. Room was OK, everything worked  quiet enough to sleep - no rowdy nightclub noises penetrated.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>ACChua
<Content>Location is a Plus I have stayed in this hotel twice. And I can say that the best thing about the place is the location.Conveniently situated beside Funan Centre and just across City Hall MRT station, the hotel is just a short taxi ride to anywhere worth going in Singapore. There are good places to eat just steps away. Raffles City Shopping Center is just five minutes away.The only real downside to staying in this hotel would be the aesthetics and the quality of the furnishings inside. I would surmise that the hotel is decades old, and it shows with the worn-down and retro look around the hotel and inside the rooms. During our stay there, water was actually dripping inside the cabinet. We had to have some repairmen come in before it was resolved.On the bright side, the lobby is spacious and looks interesting. They also have a small gym for guests and a swimming pool across the lobby bar.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Francescogala
<Content>Terrible Experience This Hotel should be cataloged under 1 star Hotels category. PAID VERY HIGH TARIFF ALMOST S$200,UNBELIAVBLE.We staied 1 night and it was a terrible experience,hotel very old and dirty with a strong moldy smell that made Us couldnt sleep.In the morning a very strong noise come from outside,they were doing some renovation and it wsnt told Us from anybody.Francesco  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bellebellec
<Content>disapointed for the cost We stayed at this hotel on 2 night stopover from london to brisbane on 10th march 08. The flight centre assured us this was a 4 star hotel and great value for money! We stayed in an excelsior room and honestly it was very old and tatty like something out of the 60s which we could deal with but the bathroom was dirty, in fact so dirty i didnt want to use it. We complained and it was cleaned but still fithy in my opinion.The reception area is fairly modern and looks reasonable but the rooms are poor in comparision. The reception is very slow and we had to wait along time to check in/ out even though they were not very busy.The one positive thing is the location - very central and we loved singapore but would recommend staying somewhere else!!  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	1	1	2	-1	

<Author>Misstq
<Content>Good Location - Poor rooms Stayed here on the Singapore stop over program and were disappointed with the room - but as we were only there for one night and the location is good we just put up with it. We were put in a corner triple room - which is a double with another bed plonked in the room - thus making it very cramped - although the views from the window was fantastic. The bathroom was the worst feature, very old and grubby with mould on the ceiling tiles and so, so small it was impossible to shut the door without first sitting on the toilet - I have literally had a bigger shower area than the total size of this bathroom - we should have complained but as we were only there one night, had alreay waited an hour for a room, and just wanted to get out and about , we accepted it. The room furnishings are old and worn and everything looks drab and it is like staying at an old 60's/70's hotel - not at all what you expect after seeing the lovely reception area. I am not sure how they can even refurbish this room as without knocking into next door you would never be able to get a decent size bathroom. Location is good and there are two pools - albeit one is like being in a tank at sea world !!! Sunbathing isn't possible until after 10 a.m. due to the situation of the building. Reception staff were helpful as we we allowed to check in early after an ovenight flight from Perth. The entrance is on the ground floor and reception is on floor 5 and it is very dificult to get lifts, which is very frustrating.Would I stay there again - proably not - even though the location is good - it definitely the worst hotel we have had in 4 stays Singapore and for the money it should be better - Singapore airlines should do better for their clients.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>3	2	1	4	2	2	4	-1	

<Author>RingringBrisbane
<Content>Great location My husband and I stayed at Peninsula excelsior last month for a 3 night stay. The staff were very helpful and checking in was a breeze. The size of the room was okay for us but we find the toilet room very small. The reviews here in Trip advisor about peeling wallpapers and rusty bath tub were true. The shower curtain was very dirty. Overall, it needs to be updated and replace.The good thing in staying there is its central location. Very near to Clarke Quay and Chinatown.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>Kelian2007
<Content>Central and Good We had a package through Singapore Airlines. The rooms are currently being renovated. Will be an excellent hotel when finished. We had king sized bed. Fridge was not working when arrived and was replaced.Very central location to most of the thins to do in Singapore. Only a short taxi ride for most about $5 to $6. Tour desk downstairs which proved helpful. Breakfast was included which was very nice except for the other patrons having their breakfast. Other patrons very wasteful.Overall would stay here again. We were on the 18th Floor  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MalayLady
<Content>Good enough for me After reading the reviews from others before me, i did not expect much from the hotel. But it turns out, pretty good. The lobby was nice and elegant, but it was kind of awkward because it is a floor up...Anyhow, my room was a deluxe  non-smoking room at the excelsior tower. It is a very big room, but like others say, the furnishing is old-ish, the carpet is a bit sticky, the bath is stained, parts of the wallpaper are peeling, etc etc... but I don't mind those, as it was a very big room, the bed is comfy and the basic amenities are adequate.The housekeeping staff are nice and ready to help. The receptionist staff are a busy lot, but still provide smooth checking in and out. The concierge was missing, LOL!I went for a business trip, so I did not get to get to enjoy much of Singapore, but the location is quite good, right next to Funan Digitalife Mall which has a food court with a Halal stall, and cross the road is Peninsula Plaza...  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	2	3	3	

<Author>overseaslara
<Content>Good location My friend and I stayed here in October 2007 - we're Aussies. We stayed on Excelsior floor 14 which was renovated, non-smoking, clean and air-conditioning working. The breakfast was satisfactory. We arrived at 11pm and the staff were helpful which was a surprise after the reviews I had read. We asked housekeeping for a power converter for an electrical appliance we'd brought with us and it was delivered within 10 minutes. We really only slept in the hotel and didn't have time to use the pool or any other facilities but that wasn't the purpose of our stay. The rooms were poorly lit (no reading in bed possible) though clean and comfortable. The only complaint was that the swipe card keys to access the lift and room took 20 swipes to open the room - the magnetic strip was worn out - other people I met in the lift also had the same problem.Overall, it is a reasonably priced hotel with great location but for such a cheap price it is good value - don't expect the Westin or Raffles,  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>shira4
<Content>Very Bad Service The hotel staff service is really bad. Rooms are too small. Their service is really bad. If we ask or order something they takes 1-2 hrs to send it. Before we went to Singapore, we arranged our tour package with a Travel Agent Colombo, and we got a holiday package for Three people. We Ordered a TRIPLE room  paid also for THREE.After we went to the Peninsula hotel (4th November 2007) they had given, every thing only for two.(We got two single beds, Two cups for tea/Coffee, two toothbrushes  two water glasses).Then I went down to the reception  told to send an Extra bed. They said O.K.At around 9.00p.m. I ordered a Club Sandwich from room service too. After 5-6 reminders we got a bed to my mother around 10.30 p.m. After that I took another call and ask whether we can get the sandwich to my mother because she was very tired. Then that girl apologies for their delay,  ask another 15 minutes to send that.On the 7th we checked out from the hotel at 4.30 a.m. unfortunately I kept my SONY Video Camera with Cassettes  Batteries (worth LKR55,000/= ; all those in one bag) in the room, behind the TV  forgot to take that. It was a blue colour small bag. After I came to Sri Lanka I called to the hotel  told, 鈥淢orning around 3 o鈥檆lock ; I locked my bags and put all the keys inside the 鈥淰ideo Camera Bag鈥?and kept it on the table, but I forgot to bring it down鈥? Please check whether it鈥檚 there?鈥?They said 鈥淣O , Nothing鈥? But I know I kept that in the room may be some one stolen it. WHAT A POOR SERVICE THAT HOTEL GAVE US????I never go to this hotel again!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	1	1	1	

<Author>ct-cruisers
<Content>Great location I stayed at this hotel twice in one week while I went into Malaysia in the time between. The location is terrific for exploring the central area. It is a short walk to the City Hall subway station which can connect you to all other parts of the island/nation. The Parliament building is only a block away. The riverfront with a wide variety food and drinks is only a few blocks away on Bridge street. The first room seemed dark and not lit very well, not a good room to work out of. The second room was 1814, which I was told was the honeymoon suite. It had plenty of terrific views of the city and was much more comfortable. It was better suited for work and/or play. In general, Singapore is very expensive and this hotel seemed reasonable for the location.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>jyjj
<Content>Good Location I stayed in deluxe room at 12th floor in Excelsior tower for 2 days. The room was cosy and clean due to this room was renovated room.Location was great. Most convenient location. Shopping centre is located acoss the street and thre are so many restaurants around the hotel.Also very close to City Hall MRT station (around 2 mins walk) and close to Bugis Street as well.Concierge was courteous and friendly.If you are staying in this hotel, ask for renovated room.You'll not regret your stay when you stay in renovated room.I'll recommend this hotel to someone who is staying for short time due to room size is small .  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>kristianpjones
<Content>The most awful place on earth I have just spent 12 nights in what is without a shadow of a doubt the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. From Central America through Europe into Central Asia I have never stayed in such an awful place. The rooms are terrible with the most awful lighting. However this pales into insignificance when compared to the service. It took 5 days alone for them to fix the television and it was a lottery as to whether I had clean towels placed in the room. Also the air conditioning worked shifts and never came on when you were in the room. Last but not least I must mention the food. If there is 1 piece of advice I can give you it is this. If you find yourself in the unfortunate position of having to stay in this hotel then do not under any circumstances eat the food. I can assure you it will spoil your stay on the Island. I leave you with this one piece of advice. DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	1	

<Author>Jupiter03
<Content>Never-ever going back This was supposed to be a stop-over.... and this was the only hotel we had trusted our travel agent to book on his own without ocnsulting us...... throughout our trips we had stayed in a five star accommodation only..... and our agent assured us that a four star in singapore is like a five star anywhere else in the world.....the only good thing about this hotel is its location..... its in the heart of the city, so most of the city attrcations are a walkable distance.....thats where the good things of the hotel stops.....carpets are dirty...... rooms so small dat after u put your luggage , there is no place to move....the smoking floors truely smell....... u have to hold your breath to go to the lift.......the pool is so small and it faces the lobby which is a very awkward location too....i will not recommend this hotel to anyone at all.......  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>1	3	1	5	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>trip_lang
<Content>Below Average. Everything been said about this hotel is true. I wish i stayedin other hotel.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	-1	1	

<Author>kingkong73
<Content>Worst Hotel This is one of the worst hotel I have ever stayed. For 3 people we paid around 200 USD. And they said the room that we complained about the cleanliness and smell is the executive room. If the room that we stayed was executive room I cant even imagine how the standard room is. On the other hand, the location of the hotel was good close to subway. I wouldn't recommend anybody to stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>WallyMelbourne
<Content>Not as good as you think Hotel was recommended by Travel Agent, however on arrival and even though we had requested a non-smoking room, this was not the case.Room had a pungent odour which for a non smoker was very hard to put up with and I spose an excuse to get out and about in Singapore.We were promised a non-smoking room after night one but this did not happen.Overall I was dissapointed with the room and the service from the staff and the strange look I got when I refused to pay $7.00 for a can of Diet Coke. Go figure.I would look elsewhere.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	2	3	

<Author>LEGENDCapeTown
<Content>Really disappointing We took advantage of the Singapore Airlines stopover deal to spend time in Singapore on our way home Cape Town from Sydney. Our family has travelled extensively and I can say that without a doubt these have to be the worst hotel rooms we have ever had the misfortune to stay in. The rooms were old and shabby with damp, peeling patches on the walls and very inadequate lighting. The rooms were stuffy and poorly ventilated and the bathrooms are sadly in need of renovation. The towels were old and threadbare and the bed linen, although thankfully clean, has seen better days.On a more constructive note, the service from the staff at the front desk was fine and the lobby and swimming pools are misleadingly impressive. I would encourage anyone who is using the Singapore Airlines stopover deal to check out the individual hotels in each price category to see for themselves what they are actually letting themselves in for. We used the service before in April this year and for the same price we spent a night at the Novotel Hotel in Clarke Quay which was streets ahead of the Peninsula Excelsior. Let the traveller beware!  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	2	2	

<Author>Travellest
<Content>How this hotel stays in bsusiness The hotel, while it looks fine outside, has got to have one of the nastiest rooms in all of Singapore. They are semlly and grimy. The coup de grace was the hotel charging my credit when I had paid in cash. Be careful, this may be one way this hotel actually reaimains in business.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>petmeow
<Content>Great location  We stayed for 2 nights at the Peninsula Tower of the Peninsula Excelsior Hotel. Check-in was slow. We arrived at around 1:30pm and had to line up for nearly 15 minutes, which wasn't surprising because we had to fill in a form for each room that included details like home address, occupation, etc, and each of the guests had to write their name and sign the form. The rooms still weren't ready by 2pm, so we decided to walk around instead of waiting endlessly. At least we were able to leave our luggage with the concierge. Room-wise, they were smaller than expected for a deluxe room (we received a free upgrade), but the rooms themselves and the bathrooms were very new and clean, which was a great thing. Interestingly, there were no mirrors at all in the room itself, not even in front of the desk / dressing table nor the closet. The only mirrors were in the bathroom - the big one in front of the sink and a small make-up mirror next to it. The tub strangely had no curtain so it's inevitable to have water everywhere after a shower.Location-wise, it was GREAT. Very close to City Hall MRT station (around 2 mins walk) ... and within walking distance to CHIJMES, Raffles Hotel and even Bugis Street. 2 streets down from the hotel is a computer mall, with a nice food court on the top floor, which was great for a simple breakfast. Overall, no complaints besides check-in. Probably not the best hotel in Singapore, but definitely could be considered for its location and price.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>dreemin2
<Content>You get what you pay for... Having read the reviews here I knew what not to expect! It was the last available choice from the Airlines program. The hotel was central, decent and clean. Checked in late evening from a Singapore stopover holiday program and got the last smoking room(did not want it!) in the hotel. It was straight from the 70's and in desprate need of a renovation. Staff was good, just insist on a new room and confirm in writing in advance your requests(as I did not).  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luv2ravel
<Content>Great View !!!       I took this photo from our room #2032, great view  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Honerskipers
<Content>We'll definitely return here again! Hi everyone!It was a promise kept and a birthday gift also to my girlfriend-- Ners--why we went to the Lion City in the first place. We really had the most difficult time trying to book for a hotel as most of the hotels in Singapore were fully booked (they said there was an international meeting of sorts going on that time). Anyway, when all hope was lost, our travel agent called me up to say she was able to booked us at the Peninsula Excelsior.So there we stayed for five days (October 20-24, 2007) and simply just had the most wonderful time--both in the hotel and in Singapore too! Checking in, we were upgraded, free of charge, by this petite Indian lady receptionist (Sharon, I think was her name) to a room at the 16th floor Excelsior tower. The room we stayed at offers an excellent view of the city, and was pleasantly made-up by the lady in charge of the 16th floor during our whole stay. To add, for a country with not much water resource--the water in the T  B was strong (though the bath tub could really use a fix--draining the water takes so much time). Well, yes, by the way, I hope they reconsider the prices of the stuff they offer at the mini-bar. It's really quite expensive as mentioned by another traveller.Anyway, I can't help it but just mention it here--what really almost put down our spirits in our trip to Singapore? The airline we used! I hate that airline so much! It's Jetstar Asia! Goodness, the interior was dirty, the stewardess impolite! Grrr... Their stewardess ruin the name of the profession! Instead of smiling, their faces seem to hate their work! Grr. Anyway, don't want to end this review with a sad note, so to Peninsula Excelsior, which is just so near to everything you want to visit in Singapore, thanks for the accomodation and hope to be back in your hotel! (Ooops, we love you breakfast too, I almost forgot to mention!)  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>MacDave
<Content>OK for stopover I stayed here on a $90 Singapore airlines stopover. For that price I didn't expect much. It was acceptable as I just wanted somewhere to sleep, shop and laze by the pool (they have two of them). I was able to check in at 8am, which was excellent. Breakfast was very nice and only $10.Room was older style with some pretty ugly decor and that musty smell you get in older hotels where the windows don't open.Pool areas were lovely and the location was very convenient for bargain shopping and restaurants.Overall, it's a good choice for a stopover but I wouldn't actually want to spend too long there.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>brock01
<Content>Peninsula average.. Singapore great! Singapore Peninsula Excelsior Hotel - AverageDate: 26/09/07Reviewer: 45 year old mum and dad from Adelaide Australia We have just returned from a trip to Singapore where we stayed at the Peninsula Excelsior. Upon check in we were kept waiting for around 15-20 minutes before we were even greeted by the reception staff. Our room was small and had a very floral bedspread. After 30 minutes in the room, I dialed the porter to to ask if we could possibly have our bags delivered. The pool is directly opposite the reception desk (behind glass windows so we were reluctant to swim because the world was watching you!) They are doing the hotel up at the moment and from the constant banging I think they were up to the 12th floor and on the way down. On a brighter note, the hotel was close to facilityies including shopping centres, river, train station and I can say that our tour booking agent in the hotel lobby (Dan) was wonderful. The tours were great too.. really enjoyed the laser show at Sentosa Island and the half day tour of the city (this takes in the likes of China town, little india and the botanic gardens.. a short trip and this gives you an idea of where you would like to go back to). I was very impressed with Singapore.. 4 day visit.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>riain
<Content>The Orchid Room was Better       My Room At Peninsula  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>MikeCMelbourne
<Content>Only if you have no other choice 2 Star Hotel at 4 star price. Stayed here because I couldn't find other hotels available. I am not fussy with hotels but I feel it is overpriced for the quality you get.But then, Singapore hotels are always full. Even the worst hotels are doing well with high occupancy rates. You can get the same quality at half the price in neighbouring Thailand and MalaysiaAnyway, the location is great. Relatively clean. But old and worn.It will be a great hotel if it is 30% cheaper. There are a few other hotels that are better and cheaper, if you can book early!Just beware, internet booking are still subject to 7% GST and 5% service tax. And internet bookings are not entitled to a breakfast which made me quite upset.Would I stay here again? Not if I am paying myself. Even if my company paying, I'll try somewhere else.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>aisiatraveller
<Content>never again This Singapore Hotel was abysmal, the rooms were worn out not particularly clean, the bar very expensive S$12.50 for a Guiness. A poster in the lift announced that the hotel had gone through extensive renovations (must have used second hand gear ). THe delays at reception were unacceptable on check in and check out, thank goodness they were not busy. On my second visit a week later the room was no better and the breakfast, well, the fried eggs were off as the chef did not arrive until 7.30 am, all the food in the hot trays was luke warm and must have been prepared the night before and the lights put on underneath at 6.30 am I was in at 6.45 am. So no breakfast beforfe leaving for the airport. I would never stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>simonsmidt
<Content>Great service We arrived around midnight asking for 2 rooms for our family of 5. They only had 1 room left as it was Singapore's national day the next day. What did they do?For a discounted price we could get the suite, and they did not charge the extra bed either.Indeed the kingsize bed could easily sleep 4 of us. In the end 3 of us slept in it. The youngest ended up on 1 of the 2 couches. The extra bed was put in the living room.We stayed at the Excelsior part of these 2 hotels. After strolling through Singapore enjoying the festivities we arrived back around 1800. They allowed us to use the pool and shower before we picked up our luggage for the aiport.This is an old hotel, which looks dirty from the outside. Specially if you are at the cricketgrounds in the park and you see the dirty sign of Peninsula hotel. But because of the service we received I give them a good rating.We didn't have breakfast, so I cannot rate that.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>bobcanada1214
<Content>Don't bother with this 1 star hotel Save your money, stay elsewhere.It's a 1 star hotel.Stay across the street at the Grand Plaza insteadStayed for 2 nights, the first room smell like public toilet.The floor was filhtyThe 2nd room was so so. Pillows were a foam rubber pillow.Did not make our room until 5:00 PMOnly 2 towels for the 4 of usThe list is on and on and on.Staff was unfriendly, hardly understand English  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	1	

<Author>KiwichickAuckland
<Content>Go Elsewhere We were booked in here for 2 nights on a stop over from Europe. Reception is on the first floor.They certainly have delusions of grandeur calling themselves a resort hotel!! What!!! They must be joking. Staff were miserable no smiles of welcome ,room very average old and could do with an overhaul. No view at all just another hotel wall. Breakfast room depressing and breakfast the same we didn't bother. Location is good but you can do much for the money in Singapore. Avoid at all costs!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>DebbieB24
<Content>Don't bother We were quite disappointed with the accommodation at the Peninsula Excelsior. Advertising depicted newly renovated, tastefully decorated rooms but our room certainly wasn't either of these. The Lobby was certainly quite outstanding but the rooms did not reflect this first impression we got on arrival. Our room was quite small, had 2 single beds - rock hard, so quite uncomfortable to sleep on. We discovered quite quickly that the walls of room were very thin - we could hear our neighbours using the toilet and shower, baby crying next door, people partying next door - so had difficulty sleeping. On the upside - this hotel is well positioned, close to Chinatown and City Hall MRT. Room was clean and tidy and staff helpful and relatively friendly. This was our 4th stay in Singapore and previous accommodation was great but we were very disappointed with this one. I would not stay there again but if you are not terribly fussy about small rooms, shabby furniture, hard beds, thin walls, noisy neighbours you may want to consider if you only want to stay for a couple of nights.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SB30
<Content>Great location, shabby rooms This hotel was in a great location but the rooms were extremely dated and could use some modern decoration. The communal areas were nice though and both the pools were good. The drinks in the piano bar were too expensive but if you got the same drink in the lobby it was cheaper for some reason.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Crazyfingers1
<Content>Poor room maintenance, Nice common areas I rated this hotel terrible because it's the room that matters most. While they appear to have renovated the check-in area and other common areas, I hated my room.Worst was that the AC rattled. It wasn't just loud but it rattled. Also, the toilet leaked and they had to keep a waste basket under it or the bathroom would have had a puddle in it to leak down to the room below. Finally, there were little bugs all over the desktop.I had stayed in Singapore the previous month and never saw those bugs at the other hotel but this hotel had little fly type bugs that hid under things and walked all over my computer.With the exception of the renovated lobby area, the hotel is shabby.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	3	3	3	

<Author>SusieCanberra
<Content>This hotel is the pits I stayed at this hotel in June 2007 for 2 nights with a late check out on the third (actually paying for the room for an extra night). Returning on the last afternoon for a shower before a late flight - the room had not been serviced (although I'd paid ) - no dry towels and no toilet paper. I asked for them but they didn't turn up. The reception staff are rude and incompetent. The room stank. The hair dryer didn't work and when told the staff did nothing about it. The furnishings are thread bare. The fridge was iced up and not able to be used. The restaurant staff are incompetent and paying $(S)12 for a third of a glass of wine was excessive. Breakfast should be avoided like the plague. It resembled a pig pen with people pushing and shoving to get food - tables and food recepticals are not cleaned regularly.Internet charge of $1 a minute is ridiculous but a place across the road charges $1 for 15 minutes.Avoid thi place at all costs if you wish to enjoy your stay in Singapore.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>mhayli
<Content>Depends on your needs My wife and I stayed here for four nights in May, before moving onto Bali. After we booked our holiday (travel agent recommended this hotel), I read the TripAdvisor reviews and became a bit apprehensive.I need not have worried. It suited our needs at a reasonable price. Sure, it isn't the flashest hotel around (it kind of reminded me of afamily run motor inn in some Australian country town), I found it clean and comfortable. Our room in the Excelsior tower was directly behind the lifts, so the noise could have been troublesome. However, I have travelled enough to know not to go anywhere without a pair of earplugs. Breakfast in the Orchid Room filled the hole. Nothing to write home about, but better than going hungry. Our time in Singaporewas all about getting out and seeing the sites, so the hotel really was just a place to sleep (and the odd swim in the pool). If this is what you are after, then this hotel may fit the bill. If you are after a bit of luxury and get perturbed by ants on the table at breakfast or chipped baths, try somewhere else.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Deeheath
<Content>Very shabby hotel This hotel was such a shock as as it had been recommended by our agent as being central and good value for money.The hotel was grubby, seedy and very run down. We had torn bed linen. The bath was chipped and the toilet did not flush properly On the second day of our stay it rained and Orchid breakfast room ceiling leaked onto our breakfast. The staff were not fazed by this and pulled the table from the wall to revel the carpet had shrunk by about 2inched from the skirting. This didn't happen overnight! On two occasions days the food was very bad.Our first stay was for 4 days. As we were returning to Singapore 10 days later fearing that the room would be the same, we paid $AU50.00 for an upgrade to a de luxe suite. We made a grave error in judgment we should have changed hotels. It cost us hard earned money.The room was worse. It was smaller and more grubby and run down. We did have a mini bar and bath robes, but the wall paper was hanging off the walls, and again the complementary holes in the bedding. When we complained the staff were very unhelpful. We were told there were no alternative room to be had, and to take our complaint's up with our agent.In reception on the 18th May there were at least 18 -20 other people who were there to complain. Not an ideal situationI asked to speak to the duty manager, but she was not availabe, and remain so for the remainder of our stay!The hotel was in an ideal location within walking or MRT distance of all amenities. What a shame to let this hotel get to this state .It was so run down.To sum up the hotel, in my opinion,was not good value for money. It was grubby, seedy and run down establishment with harassed staff that were uncaring.  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	-1	1	2	-1	

<Author>opgp
<Content>Would not recommend this hotel I have stayed at this hotel a couple of times and both times the experience was disappointing. The first time it was recommended by a travel agent and as it was just a quick overnight stop we weren't all that bothered. Our room was in the Peninsula tower, it was very tired, musty and we were disturbed several times while trying to sleep. The second time we chose to stay there, despite our better judgement because we were meeting up with an elderly relative who already had a booking there. The checkout procedure was incredibly slow, staff were not very helpful or friendly. We arrived on an early flight and were kept waiting around for nearly three hours in the lobby before being allocated a room. The room itself was quite nice, on a high floor in the Excelsior wing and looked like it had been renovated recently (this was in 2004). When I booked in I asked about late checkout and was informed I could probably have the room until 3pm but to confirm this on the day (our flight didn't leave until midnight), however when it was time to leave I was told we couldn't keep the room past 12pm which was quite inconvenient and meant we really couldn't do anything before going to the airport.My other main complaint was the poor quality of the breakfast - I have travelled a lot and this would definitely rate as the WORST hotel breakfast buffet I have ever experienced. The selection of food was very poor, and didn't really change from day to day.Overall I had the impression that this hotel was a factory for package tourists - they didn't worry about service or impressions because there would always be plenty more arriving. It is a shame because the location of the hotel was great and prices were OK.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>SWEETEngland
<Content>never again Well what can I say.... landed in Singapore we were just on a stopover for one night, thank god! Arrived at hotel at 06:45 after a night flight, finally got a room at 10:30 after three hours sitting in the lobby . The lobby is probably the best part of the hotel and if we had know how bad the rooms were we would have probably stayed there,hehe. We constantly had to remind the staff to check if rooms were ready, they seemed obviously to the fact we were sat waiting for the rooms. and avoided all eye contact. We were giving our rooms on the 15th floor, the rooms were clean but not spotless very outdated and in need of some serious TLC and renovation. The whole hotel had a damp smell about it, it just didnt feel clean or comfortable. Then to top it off there was work being carried out in the rooms above us drilling and banging continuously and there was a letter in room informing us, this would continue until 18:30 and start again at 09:30 the next day and it did. The staff were average and did not go out of their way to help you, I have to say it has a good location close to raffles and some good shopping centres but that鈥檚 about it.  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	4	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>Youngy388
<Content>Reasonable Hotel close to all If you want to get out of the Orchard Road tourist belt and stay somewhere close to Clarke Quay, Suntec, Raffles etc, this is the place. The hotel is tired and could do with a refurbishment, however,if you are only there to sleep this is excellent. The service at Reception is average and the room we were in had water hammer noise all afternoon but the views were excellent. We had our daughter (11) with us which made the room cosy, however it suited our purpose.The hotel is within walking distance of Clarke and Boat Quay, is across the road from City Hall MRT, and we walked to Raffles, Suntec,the Merlion and had shopping centres with best price straight away.Average but comfortable hotel with very good security, good views and two Great pools. Good for the Budget Conscious traveller.  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>fidsboy
<Content>When was it renovated 1981? The biggest piece of false advertising I ever came accross. The hallways were filthy and falling apart, the room was very old with faulty plumbing. As per usual there were no non-smoking rooms available even though one was requested. The staff were borderline usless and any request got a blank look. Don't bother eating breakfast there, there is a cafe accross the road that is 1/2 the price and better.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	2	2	1	

<Author>TravellerRockhampton
<Content>stop whinging, have stayed at this hotel about seven times over the past few years. have always enjoyed my stay, no complaints whatsoever, staff always polite and curteous. Always found the food to be good with a very good selection at breakfast. would suit couples and families on a budget as excellent location. Only drawback, no entertainment.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Welly_China_Girl
<Content>Location great, but very dated and musty. I've stayed at the Peninsular Excelsior hotel a few times over the last 10 years, but this was one of the worst hotel experiences I've had. Booked it through Singapore Stopovers (my travel agent recommended against it but it was my choice because of the location and it was perfectly fine last time I stayed - Jan-06).In summary - Great location, clean (if very musty smell), polite but ok service if you are persistant - WARNING - don't stay in the Peninsular side (rooms appear to be much older and smellier) PLUS there seems to be renovations happening in the Peninsular tower between March - June 2007 9am to 6:30 pm - lots of banging and drilling - check with the reception when you check-in. Stay here for the location only.*******Our early morning flight got us to the hotel at 8am - there wasn't a room available, so we were advised (after standing in a queue for 20 mins) to return at 12. When we came back just there was room as specified (non-smoking and double-bed), and the bags were sent up promptly. However - the room was on the 15th floor of the Peninsular wing - horrible casino-green carpet and very dated fittings, and smelt very musty. Room was properly cleaned though and all the right amenities and since we didn't sleep on the plane, we went straight to bed. Only to be woken up 30 mins later by housekeeping / maintenance, and then 5 mins after that, by horrendous banging and drilling. Got dressed, back down to reception and asked for a new room. None available, but one would be at 6pm. Came back at 6:30pm - message had not been passed on, and only room available was a smoking room. Got a bit more persistant, and were finally upgraded to a suite on the Excelsior side. Room was huge, slightly old but reasonable furniture  fittings - but room smelt very musty still. Maybe the sprinklers went off sometime in the last year and things were never dried out properly ... staff appear to be very helpful but very frustrating having to wait almost 12 hours for a basic room! The only good thing about this hotel is its location and views. Did not try the pool  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>amitabhd
<Content>Below average experience I would rate this hotel at about average if not less. The rooms are dated and a little shoddy. Certainly not reflective of a very good property but the room size was ok. Check in was delayed since they were running full and rooms were not available when we arrived in the morning. But service and response time was allright. Didnt try the breakfast as it was a packed house and there was nowhere to sit. I think its worth a mention here that the Lounge in the lower section of the Peninsula Wing is infamous for certain activities. Fortunately or unfortunately I was travelling with my wife so could not really check out the lounge. The location is quite good but I dont see myself coming back to this hotel again...ever.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vandenhaak
<Content>Great location and forget the rest. This was the third time we checked in here. In other years the Peninsula and Excelsior had both a seperate reception, but this time their was one reception desk for both towers. The reception was renovated and looked OK for us. Then we went to our room. The room was totally worn out. In room safe was out of order and everything looked shabby. However when you book this hotel with the SIA stopover program, the price is for Singaporian standards very low. The location is superb. Many historical sites within walkin distance like Singapore river, boat quay, Raffles hotel, many shopping malls and when is something too far to walk the metro is just around the corner. So forget the room it is just a place to sleep.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>West_Aussie-7
<Content>Agreed with previous writers Just came back from Singapore and agree with previous writers about the Excelsior Hotel. I thought with the time lapse between 2004 and now something might have been done. Reception area looks great and so are the pools but you dont spend a lot of time there.We were on the twelve floor next to the lift well and I thought the lifts were coming through the wall. The bathroom was certainly small and the bed was just ok(time to be replaced.)Security were asked to come and unlock the safe in our daughters room but never arrived after 5 dayGreat location but its time for major RR  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	4	2	3	

<Author>JazzieCat
<Content>Pleasantly surprised After reading many negative reports about this hotel I asked my travel agent to try to change hotels for our stopover to Bali. She was only able to change our 2 night return trip due to hotels being full due to Chinese New Year. So we had to stay there for one night on our way to Bali. We arrived at the hotel at 1 am and were prepared for the worst. We were pleased to see that they put us in a non-smoking room and upgraded us to a suite on the Excelsior side. Although the room was a bit musty (we did a quick spray with a body spray I had brought), we thought the room was quite nice. It was done in an art deco style and was extremely clean. The bathroom was starting to show a bit of age but I've seen much worse. Unfortunately, our pickup was for 5:30 the next morning, so we didn't get to enjoy the room or the other hotel amenities. The staff was very friendly and efficient. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>limehog
<Content>Bad Read a lot of negative comments abt this hotel but got no choice as SIA's stopover package gave us only two choices, PeninsulaExcelsior or Furama City Centre which was full when we tried to booked.We stayed two nights in The Peninsula tower. Room is small(slightly bigger than the rooms in the business hotels inJapan). Carpet lookd horrible. The double bed is very small.The bath room is not that clean. No hand towels or face towels.Found a list of items with prices with statment saying that any items missing or damaged would be charged to customer's account. So we checked everything in the room and doundmany items missing. Went to the receptionist and were toldstandard rooms dont carry all the items. What about the hand towels and face towels? Oh, they should be there was the reply. Finally had the hand towels and face towels delivered to our room. However, they disappeared the next day even thoughtwo of them were never usedLocation is reasonable but quite a walk to the subway stationwith so many complaints about the Peninsular Excelsior, dontunderstand why SIA still offer them to customers. It isdefinitely doing harm to the reputation of SIA  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>LakwatseroManila
<Content>Average Hotel We stayed at the Peninsula-Excelsior Hotel for two nights beginning January 12, 2007. The reviews of most of those who stayed in this Hotel (with many complaints) are fair. The room we stayed in (Excelsior) is tired and worn out, and the entire room needs to be updated, especially their bathroom. We had a hard time with the toilet flush!What saves this hotel though are the courteous and professional staff; Its location very convenient and strategic to places of interest; and a good buffet breakfast. So if you just intend to have a place to crash your body after a long day of touring and shopping in Singapore, this hotel is a good option.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>dhivehi
<Content>Worst Singapore Experience I stayed 7 nights at Excelsior Tower Superior room and 3 nights at the Peninsular tower deluxe room. Apart from the location there is nothing good about this hotel and its staff. The carpets and quilt smelled like rotten fish. The in-room safe didn鈥檛 work. The toilet looked like a garden of fungi and mould. Grout kept falling from the wall tiles. Water from the wash basin came like that of a shower head and the shower water came exactly like a basin faucet. Mixing a humanly tolerable amount of hot water to the shower was impossible. They said the maximum amount for in-room wired internet usage per 24 hours was $20. However on check out I was billed $37 for the first day. The casher had no idea why! She kept saying that some other company is responsible for internet billing. So please avoid this place at any cost. If you prefer this location just book the Grand Plaza Park Royal which is opposite Peninsular Excelsior.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	5	-1	2	-1	-1	

<Author>phillipislandfamily
<Content>dreadful and very disappointing This hotel has only a great location with nice views and unfortunately that is where it ends The rooms where well below average and the breakfast in a very unorganized dining room ,was far from pleasant. Food was not very good at all and could not wait to leave the premises . The hotel itself was not clean and room were small and very worn out and grubby .Would not stay there again It has a pool which is with in full view of the lobby area and the pool it self has transparent sides which was interesting to say the least. Not good value for money better alternatives are advisable  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	1	

<Author>gullivertravel
<Content>ruined end of holiday We arrived at the hotel on January 2nd 2007 after a 12 hour flight from Auckland.The foyer and Reception looked well but It was doomed from there on. Very unpleasant receptionist, no welcome, no questions, zero regard for preferences. We were booked on the 14th floor and on entering the room I cried (and i do not cry often) The most old fashioned, dirty, poorly maintained and tired room i have ever had the displeasure of staying in. A twin when we requested a double, a rusty bath, no reception on the tv., brown blinds on the windows, mildewed shower curtain, taped electrics and broken sockets. Absolutely no help on accomodating us in another room even though requested twice. I have sent my grievences to the Singapore Stopover Agency, but I dont know if it will help. Based on my experience this hotel should be blacklisted from the Stopover hotel list.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>ronmarg
<Content>hatred of a stinking dirty room My Wife and I have stayed at the Excelsior Hotel on many occasions over the past 10 years. and again on 15 th August 2006 When it has been most satisfactory. I Stayed again on 1st September. I arrived late after a long flight, I waited 35 Minutes for the reception, to allocate me a room. I was allotted room 1169.After a late meal, I returned to find that the bathroom had not been cleaned, the toiley dirty, shower goods still in the bath. The bed had been made, the bed linen and blankets were putred and so stinking they had to be placed on the floor. The room smell was rotten. Being too exhausted i did not request another room. but I did make a written report to the management on my departure. Now after 9 weeks I have not received the courtisy of a reply or apology or the offer of a refund. We will be seeking a clean hotel room on March 11 th. I would suggest that the management offer me the occupancy of a clean room on that date in lieu of the filthly room we paid for. [--]   
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ozabroad
<Content>Was it pot luck? We stopped at the hotel as part of a Singapore Airlines stopover in both directions from the UK to Australia. 拢34 double per night, with very efficient airport transfers included, and a stack of discount vouchers to play with made it seem ideal to break the journey.First impression is the efficiency of the hall porters who get you off the transport and take charge of your luggage which meets you in your room soon after check in. They also store your luggage on the last day so sightseeing can be unencumbered.A big lobby with plenty of staff in the checkin and cash desk and a friendly snack and drinks service makes for a welcoming start.We stopped in both towers and the rooms were large, clean and comfortable, with effective air conditioning. The views were fantastic, especially by night, and the towers are a landmark which can guide you home day or night. The waterfront bars and restaurants are a short stroll away and the whole environment seems perfectly safe.We used the breakfast room and room service breakfasts and all were good. A problem with the breakfast order one day was sorted out with lots of smiles and apologies. Housekeeping and the porters would ring before bringing up cases etc. A nice security touch.The transfers to the airport and arrangement of tours was very efficient and took the hassle out of the stopover.Reading some of the reviews I can't believe they are talking about the same hotel.Perhaps we were lucky, but I would certainly use the Peninsula again.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Teddy-E
<Content>Peninsula or Excelsior? Stayed at the Pen-Ex for one night on the way to Malaysia and it was fine. Check-in very quick. Pool was was very nice and room was more than adequate (complete with sofa backing on to the window).I have stayed at the Peninsula a few times in the past and have enjoyed the central location. This time we were in the Excelsior. Are the beds bigger in the Peninsula? Is it my imagination?  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>MR&KAC
<Content>No complaints here! It was with some considerable trepidation that we approached our room on the 7th floor of the Excelsior Tower for a 5 night stay having read previous reviews. Imagine our surprise to find a clean room with everything working. Sure it is not the newest hotel in town but we could find nothing to complain about. The location is exellent - a short walk to the City Hall MRT and numerous restaurants. It is certainly not 5 star but the rates are reasonable (by Singapore standards) and it was definitely value for money.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>ichiban
<Content>Mediocre Our stay was in July 2001, so my memory has faded. I remember a problem at check-in, but was my fault as the room was booked through a 3rd party and I did not have all necessary details. They did accommodate us in the end. Our room was situated quite a distance from the elevator and we had to run holding our noses and our breath due to the smell ( a blend of body odor and mildew) in the hallways, which are not air-conditioned. My son enjoyed the pool. We made use of the excursions that could be arranged with pick-up at the hotel. We did not eat in the hotel as there are MANY wonderful places to eat in Singapore. There is a shopping center (I don't remember the name) that has something for all appetites in their food court.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>worst hotel ever Arrived in Singapore for a 5 night stay. On arrival the lobby appeared refurbished and well presented, unfortunately that is where the experience ended. Our room was on the 16th floor of the Excelsior tower. This is quite possibly the worst hotel room i have ever seen. I don't even know where to begin. The linen was stained and cigarette burns on it, the toilet would not flush, there was copious amounts of mould in the bathroom. The front door and the door to the bathroom where falling off there hinges. To my partner and I we could not believe the state of the room, the only good thing was the view of Boat Quay. Needless to say we got no response when we rang reception to complain about the state of the room. So first thing to do was visit internet cafe and find alternate accommodation. Unfortunately we had to spend the first night in this hellhole as we did not find any other accommodation till the following night. If we had to stay in this hotel for the whole 5 nights our visit to Singapore would have been the worst ever. The breakfast provided on the first morning was about as good as we thought, that is terrible. All I can say is DONT DO IT if you are thinking of staying here. There is no way that this hotel is 3 1/2 stars. It would be lucky to be 1 star.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Fimum
<Content>Hardly bearable We stayed at this hotel twice as a stopover on our way too and on our way back from Europe. Our first experience was the worst. The staff were polite on the surface but totally unhelpful and totally uncaring. We had booked a triple but were given a room with 1 king size bed on the 20th floor. Unfortuntely I have a fear of heights but also was unprepared to share the bed with my husband and tall gangly 7 yo. When I pointed these two facts out I was told there was a sofa bed (there was no sofa in the room) and mine and my sons fear of heights was openly laughed at. We were given a room in the other, even daggier, tower, which was a triple on the 7th floor. It was okay.The second trip was more positive, we had a triple in the better tower and my request for a lower room was not laughed at. We were kept waiting for check in though after a long sleepless flight from Europe, so my son had to sleep in the lobby. When we were given a room the clerk apologised and offered us a slightly later check-out.Having been there before I was surprised that he was able to organise a 3 pm check out without charging us extra so I thought I'd check the next day so our electronic card wasn't cancelled at 2 and we weren't charged for overstaying. Sure enough the later check-out had not been noted and we were informed we'd have to check out no later than 2 after having made plans which involved a 3pm check out. After a bit of discussion with 3 different employees the 3 pm checkout was re-instated.This hotel left a bad taste in the mouth, the service was poor, the rooms tired, not well cleaned (we found a sock under my sons bed) and there was something sleazy about it.I will never stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>tiah
<Content>Worst Hotel Ever We stayed in this hotel for four days after a month long trip to Thailand. I would have to say that this is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. To start with my husband and I were given two tiny single beds that we were told to 'push together' if we wanted to. The bathroom was dirty and covered with mould and the grout in the tiles was peeling off everywhere. The toilet was extremely difficult to flush, sometimes taking 10 or 11 goes. The water pressure in the shower was so strong that a child or elderly person would have had trouble standing up and the heat temperature fluctuated between luke warm to absoultely burning hot - very dangerous. The walls are so thin that we lay there at night listening to other people 'doing things' in other rooms, people flushing the toilet, having conversations that we could clearly hear across the hallway etc. The rooms are very run down and require renovating. The money has been spent on the foyer and one of the pools - not that we got to use this as there was maintenance going on. We used the second pool and this was very dirty, pool chairs dirty etc. The fitness centre was great with the latest equipment, state of the art everything. Service at the restaurant was terrible and extremely slow, food was ok except for the blow fly that was in the bottom of my husbands milkshake. I think that this hotel spoilt our trip to Singapore as we had a negative feeling right from the start. I had read other reviews on this site but thought 'oh it can't be that bad' but let me tell you - STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE. I consider myself a pretty easy going person and am tolerant to most things but have never had such an awful experience. Hope this helps others plan their trip not to include this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>nmurug
<Content>great location and rates, OK service Stayed 6 days in a deluxe room at the Peninsula. Great location, great views from my room on 17th floor at the older Peninsula block. Service was average, the breakfast room was crowded and the food was of average quality. The best things were the rates and the location. So if you want a convenient hotel that is clean without being special, this will suit you. I will try a different place the next time.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chuckenpen
<Content>Rooms need refurbishment Stayed here on our way to Austrailia, our travel agent booked it for us. Needless to say we didn't use that travel agent anymore. The hotel is located near lots of shops and restaurants, about a 15min walk to the Esplande and the Opera house, which is beautiful. We had a great view from our room i think that is what saved the hotel really from being written off. The rooms were clean but dated early 70's, the foyer was lovely and the pool excellent. There is not much room for sunbathing around it though. We didn't eat in the hotel at all as it didn't look appealing. There was not much of a bar there either. The staff were lovely and very helpful i couldn't fault them.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Find A Different Hotel My stay at this hotel was 3 nights from March 17-20 2006. I read the hotel web site indicating that the property had been updated 4 years ago. The only thing done was the lobby--the rooms have not been touched. My first room was in the Excelsior tower. I asked for a non-smoking room and was given one on a non-smoking floor. Clearly this floor had recently been made non-smoking. There were cigarette burns in the carpet and the smell of stale smoke permeated the room. The overall cleanliness of the room left much to be desired. There was mold and mildew in the shower and all the taps dripped. I was moved to another room in the Peninsula tower. This room had a similar level of cleanliness but this room instead had a peculiar odor that seemed like a cross between tiger balm and mothballs. The looby and pools are beautiful and the location is excellent but I wouldn't stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>dreamy_traveler
<Content>Great Value Hotel We liked the hotel! Room was perfect for travellers. Nice comfy bed, ample lightings, ordinary but satisfactory bath room. The flush works and the water pressure is okay. We stayed at the Peninsula tower and our room had a great view of St. Andrews Cathedral and the Marina Bay, the Esplanade and the Merlion Park. Walking distance to Chjimes, the malls, the boat river cruise, boat quay and the MRT. The hallways smell fresh too that's why we were wondering why some of the reviews were so derogatory. (Well, i don't know about the Excelsior Tower... it's said to be older than the Peninsula Tower). The lobby was also splendid. It feels like home. From the lobby you could see the pool (and even the people swimming). :) The receptionists were all friendly and accommodating. Just let them know what you want and they'd see if they could do something about it. There's also a tour desk at the ground floor and the hotel is very accessible to the Funan IT mall, the money changer, food courts, 7-11 and 3 for $10 shop. :)Breakfast is not that superb though. There were lots of guests when we were there and there were not so much food to choose from. Ordinary food like bacon, eggs, sausage, bread, rice and stuff. The breakfast lounge was quite crowded. They probably need a bigger place.The hotel location is also just a $5 taxi ride to Orchard Rd. (Takashimaya or Wisma Atria to be exact). Anyway, we were with my not so young aunts and they really had a nice time. They complimented the hotel as being nice and comfi, great location and absolutely a great choice. Of course, given the fact that we were in Singapore, one would always enjoy! :)  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Tom501
<Content>Great location. Hits and misses This hotel is in a great part of town for tourists. Very easy access to the MRT (subway) Clarke Quay and Boat Quay. I had a double room with internet and breakfast for 140SD plus taxes. The room was clean and a resonable size for 1. A little tight by American standards. I would say equivalent to the average Hampton Inn in quality. The breakfast buffet had a large selection but the eggs were always lukewarm and everything else was mediocre. Great fresh Papaya every day though. Overall I would stay there again if the price was right.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>keithreddy
<Content>Adequate, and nothing more This hotel is in desperate need of refurbishment.Holes in carpet, bedlinen, and dust in great piles under the bed show the lack of regard to quality.The bathroom was particularly poor.In the lift it had an advert about the recent refurbishment program, but at a guess it must have been there for thirty years.There are so many great hotels in Singapore - why did I chose this one. Answer - I thought the Peninsular sounded like a top hotel I had seen in Hong Kong. Beware, this is not anything like it.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>taeswen
<Content>Return visit       entrance to hotel  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>BG&BMC
<Content>We were concerned but certainly adequate My husband and I have just spent 3 nights at the Pennisula-Excelsior Hotel. It is very impressive when you enter. Has 2 nice pools and is very clean. We stayed in the Excelsior Tower which is definitely old but ok. We had a new bedspread on the bed and white sheets. Carpets are clean and not showing too much wear. Bathrooms are showing wear with missing grout but certainly clean enough. It has good water pressure for the shower. Toilets are a little difficult to flush but if you use the ones by the pool they work really well. Lighting is a little dim but we didn鈥檛 spend much time in the room anyways. Breakfast was adequate, they had hot dishes, danish pastry, fruits and cold cereal. Their location is central to everything. MRT is just a few minutes walk away. We found a free wireless connection at the MacDonalds just around the corner from the hotel. I would rate it about 3 star by Canadian standards. All in all it was a good place to stay.mainly because it is so central. There is a train connection to the airport from town (MRT) which would work great  quicker (maybe cheaper)if you didn鈥檛 have prearranged transportation. Everyone speaks English so it is easy to communicate.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UKAussie-Abroad
<Content>Tired  I've lost count of the number of times I've stayed at the Pen-Excelsior. It's one of the hotels available through Singapore Airlines stopover package (BTW, this package is excellent value if you鈥檙e flying Singapore Airlines and just stopping over in Singapore on the way to somewhere else) and the location is perfect for me: within 10-15 mins easy walk of conference centres, Boat Quay and Marina Square, Raffles Hotel, Raffles huge shopping plaza, hub MRT station (with easy, quick access to airport if you don't have a stopover transfer and don't want to take a taxi), Bugis Junction (tourist shopping bazaar), Chinatown, Suntec city shopping, and the electronics shopping centres of Sim Lim Square and Funan IT mall (the latter is right next door). The lovely Fort Canning Park is just down the road. Orchard Road is about 1/2 hr on foot, or quick and easy by MRT or bus. There are bus stops right outside the hotel, and combined with the MRT it's a wonderful location for getting to just about anywhere in Singapore.The hotel itself leaves a little to be desired but is OK. It is tired and worn, looking like it was built in the 1960s and hasn't been updated since. If you get an upgrade room on a corner, you'll have a lovely time looking out at the gorgeous views. If you get a pokey little room, you might be disappointed. I've stayed in both the Peninsula and Excelsior -- two adjoining hotels with a common reception, pools, etc -- and the former is probably newer and better. The pools are lovely. The gym looks fine, though I haven't used it. The reception supervisors are competent and eager to please/help, though some of their staff could do with training in helpfulness and friendliness (some can be a bit abrupt, verging on officious). The porters are generally very helpful, and will give you plenty of advice on how to get around by public transport and where to get good deals shopping. With respect to the rooms themselves, I've had several good and one quite bad experience at this hotel. The bad: I couldn't shower because the water from the taps was rusty/filthy, and although I asked for it to be repaired it was still the same when I returned in the afternoon. Singapore is hot and humid, and one definitely wants to be able to shower frequently! Eventually, after making a big fuss on my first  second days, I was moved to another room and that was fine. My experience has been that the hotel is clean but worn. The carpets and linen are tired, and the skirting boards scuffed, etc. I've found the housekeeping staff are generally unhelpful, and calling housekeeping to tell them you need another towel or the linen is stained won't usually get you much but frustration. However, if you complain to one of the reception supervisors, things will be fixed promptly. My advice would be to appear at the reception desk and ask to speak to a supervisor, and you鈥檒l probably be treated like royalty. Phoning from your room doesn鈥檛 seem to elicit such good service. Still, in maybe 10-15 stays I've probably only needed to do this twice, and this is on par with other hotels around the world I鈥檝e stayed in on business. I鈥檇 probably classify this as a 鈥渢ourist鈥?hotel, rather than a 鈥渂usiness鈥?hotel. There is a business centre, but it鈥檚 expensive to use. There are much cheaper facilities nearby in internet cafes and Funan IT mall next door. Many of the guests seem to be on stopovers, and staff have told me that they don鈥檛 have that many business guests who return time and time again. There鈥檚 a disco (never been inside but have been told it鈥檚 fine, and I鈥檝e never been bothered by noise from it) and places to eat, and the food has been very good on the odd occasion I have eaten in the hotel. There are some excellent restaurants in the mall connected to the hotel.Check-in/check-out at peak times can take ten minutes or more as there are often queues. I find this annoyingly slow. During the day and in the late evening it's usually nice and quick.My summary: if you're after luxury, avoid the Pen-Excelsior, and for value-for-money you might choose someone else unless you're getting a good rate such as that offered by the Singapore Airlines stopover package. But, if you want a relatively inexpensive, conveniently located, clean and adequate hotel, Pen-Excelsior is fine. I鈥檝e tried various other Singapore hotels, some of which are newer and less shabby, but the service issues seem to be fairly standard across the board. As the Pen-Excelsior鈥檚 location is so good, you can get good deals on its price, and its problems are minor, I've kept going back on my regular business trips to Singapore.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mickrick7
<Content>It was great We stayed here in December, 2005 for a couple of days and were very impressed. I was shocked at the earlier derogatory reviews because that was not our experience. The room was excellent in size, cleanliness, decor and presentation. The service was prompt, friendly and left nothing to be desired. There was hardly an occasion when we were not confused by the entrance lobbies. We always semmed to head for the wrong entrance and then had trouble finding the correct one. The location of the hotel is excellent - close to the big shopping centres and the MRT and bus services.Overall, we thought this hotel is excellent value and in the top echelons of 3 star hotels. We have stayed in 4  5 star hotels in Singapore previously which were a bit remote from the centre of things but we are more than happy to switch to this hotel in future.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>taylorSanFrancisco
<Content>Enjoyed our stay, fantastic location, great breakfast We stayed at the Peninsula (the Excelsior is connected and next door) for 5 nights in a non-smoking room with a great view of the city. You can't beat the location - you can take the bus or subway anywhere, but we walked to most locations from the hotel. The breakfast was very good with a wide selection of different foods. The service was fine. For $65 a night with breakfast, we thought this was an excellent value. There are many restaurants and food courts in the same block - just walk around to find them all. Taxi to the airport was under $10.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>huxtable
<Content>terrible one of the worst hotels we have had the displeasure of staying ingratefully the experience was a short one, lasting one nightwhere shall I start !Firstly and most importantly, the sheets were not clean, they were stains,including on the pillow case.Secondly there was significant dust throughout the surfaces of this room.Thirdly the bathroom was in a poor condition and too me this is one of the essentials, the surfaces just did not look clean.The carpets were stained, the curtains were aged, all surfaces appear aged.Beware this hotel most certainly is on the decline and definately is no three *** hotel  
<Date>Oct 15, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Recommended We stayed in this hotel for 5 nights. As we walked in the lobby, it looked ok. Waited to check-in and was attended by an unfriendly woman at reception. No smile, no thankyou, etc. Her male colleagues seemed more cheerful. Entered our room and got a shock because it looked so 'tired'. Carpets were threadbare and had stains everywhere. Furniture was peeling as well. Tried to use the safe but couldn't even get it open. Asked for help and we waited but nobody came so just gave up and left. Came back to the hotel later and requested for an ironing board. This is the first hotel we've stayed in that does not provide this service. We were told to go to another floor and iron our clothes in the housekeeping section!??? After making a big fuss, we were loaned the iron for an hour to use in the privacy of our room. Some days we got the complimentary newspaper, others nothing. Service is very slow. One time housekeeping took our access key card away after cleaning the room. We told reception who asked us to come down and get it. Where's the service or are we asking too much? We couldn't check out as all hotels were fully booked due to a huge conference going on. Ate at their local cafe which was quite alright. Location wise it's great. Near to Boat Quay, bus stops, City Hall MRT, etc. Not near to the Orchard shopping strip but the MRT is convenient so no worries. Doubt if we'd ever stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Manchanda
<Content>Great Hotel - value for money       Lobby at 4:00 AM in the morning  
<Date>Jul 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>worldcruiser
<Content>Going Downhill - quickly   showReview(3618935, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>honeybunch
<Content>Outdated hotel   showReview(3618835, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great experience for 3 months   showReview(3103745, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location needs a little tlc   showReview(3089743, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very disappointing service at the Peninsular on a Singapore Stopover Holiday   showReview(2974474, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Simon_Harrison
<Content>Tacky ? Not a problem   showReview(2866114, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jj-the-jetsetter
<Content>Tired bedrooms, lovely reception, agree with what has been said before   showReview(2818812, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>packsthelot
<Content>Wholehearted agreement   showReview(2800195, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>6andy6
<Content>tired - a bit of a understatement   showReview(2521765, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sydfire
<Content>A bit tired!   showReview(2285822, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 9, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>skyweb
<Content>銇欍伖銇︺亴銈儭銉偒銉炽偣銈裤偆銉亱銇?#x201d;       銇俱兗锛併儵銈ゃ偑銉?绗?  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銉兗銉併偋銉冦偗銈ゃ兂   showReview(21744529, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浜ら€氳嚦渚?#x201d;   showReview(19171740, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瑙掗儴灞嬨仹搴冦亱銇ｃ仧   showReview(19170326, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍚嶅墠銈掓湡寰呫仚銈嬨仺锛熴仹銇欍亴銆佷究鍒┿仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19166356, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浜ら€氳嚦渚?#x201d;   showReview(19165059, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴鏉′欢銇勩亜銇с仚   showReview(19163661, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浜ら€氳嚦渚裤伄鍓层伀绲屾笀鐨?#x201d;   showReview(19161454, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴鏉′欢銇仺銇︺倐鑹亜...   showReview(22037505, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偙銉笺偡銉с兂銇壇銇勩€?#x201d;   showReview(19155411, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浜ら€氥伄渚裤仺渚℃牸銇屽彇銈婃焺   showReview(19929526, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈ㄣ偗銈汇儷銈枫偑銉笺儷   showReview(19929404, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娣卞渚裤仹銇埌鐫€銇仧銈?..   showReview(19925694, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€杩戝嚭寮点仹銈枫兂銈儩銉?..   showReview(19925315, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫兂銈儩銉笺儷宸濄倰銇俱仧...   showReview(19924759, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浜ら€氥伄渚裤亴銈堛亸锛屽畨銇?..   showReview(19923618, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 21, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇嬨倝銉炪兗銉┿偆銈兂...   showReview(19918317, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 16, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠婂洖銇т簩鍥炵洰銇埄鐢ㄣ仹...   showReview(19917926, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€鍒濄€侀儴灞嬨伄甯屾湜銈傝仦...   showReview(19916558, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫兂銈儩銉笺儷鑸┖銈广儓...   showReview(19916119, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

