<Author>NewtonLondon
<Content>Practical Residence Inn was a good place to stay as we were able to continue our half-marathon training - the Lake Union circuit being a good route near a city centre. Suite room was large although bathroom small, given that half of the large lounge felt unfurnished. Decor was uninspiring. Free breakfast buffet is hardly gourmet but good enough to start the day. Really, it fits the spec - space and facilities for longer stays at economical price. Access to centre very easy via modern quiet tram service. Reception staff always friendly and keen to give advice. Lots of restaurant choice nearby.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	5	-1	-1	

<Author>FightOn
<Content>Would definitely return I was in Seattle for business at UW and chose this hotel for a couple of reasons: 1) I am a loyal Marriott Rewards member, 2) It's location between UW and downtown Seattle, 3) the solid reviews from other TA members.I was not let down at all. At check-in, my elite status was recognized and I was upgraded to a luxury suite with a wrap-around balcony (larger than the balcony at my home). The room was recently renovated and had a nice flat-screen television on a swivel plate so you could view it from bed or the living area.Residence Inn probably has the top free breakfast across all hotel chains and this was no different. Great location. A block from the Seattle Streetcar which runs right downtown to Pacific Place (and from there it's a 5 minute walk to Pike's Place). Just across the street are a number of what looked to be quality restaurants. However, I took advantage of the 30 for 30 restaurant promotion that runs through the end of November and would recommend doing the same if you are there before the end of the month. The promotion is called Dine Around Seattle and it allows you to get a fixed price 3 course meal for $30 at any of 30 top restaurants.All-in-all, a hotel I will be returning to next time in town.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MTgirl_8
<Content>room with a view There were five of us girls we were going to see Phantom of the Opera. Got a two bedroom suite, couch was a bed. Had a balcony that looked out at Lake Union. Was absolutly perfect. Everyone was so nice and helpful. We will be back.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Aurora_Guy
<Content>Maximum comfort        Central atrium and breakfast seating  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Rocklover19
<Content>Loved the Lake Union Residence Inn       Hotel Lobby  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>BarbO45
<Content>Fit All Our Needs We just loved this location and all this hotel had to offer. We are 60+ and would definitely recommend for families and our own age group. Room overlooked the lake and yachts which included good restaurants and short walk to others. Offered us a discount because we had just come off (or embarking) on a cruise ship out of Seattle. Breakfast buffet is a cut above others for offerings/selections. Trolley stop is less than 1/2 block away to get you downtown - not a real inconvenience considering the prices of downtown hotels. All staff very accommodating - we would go back in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Toton-traveller
<Content>Happy choice Stayed here for 5 nights in mid august with reward points. It was an unusual residence inn, looking more like an embassy suites internally, but the 2 bed suite we had was lovely, obviously newly renovated and really nicely furnished, plus great LCD TV's. The hotel is in a nice location looking over Lake Union, and not too far from the centre of Seattle, (long walk or short drive). The hotel is on a busy corner and road noise was sometimes very obvious but wouldn't put me off staying again.The breakfast area was very busy and seemed too small really to cope with the number of people grabbing their free grub. There was only one 'managers reception' rather than the usual mon-thurs. No matter, the suites were really comfortable and homey and we enjoyed our stay despite the small shortcomings.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	3	

<Author>Vancouver4
<Content>Wonderful accomodations for a family of 4 We booked a one bedroom junior suite which had a seperate bedroom with a king bed and a sofa bed in the sitting area. To accomodate all four of us, we had a cot brought up, although if your kids are young enough the sofa bed would be fine. The kitchen area was clean and a nice touch as we went up to Whole Foods and was able to make a late night snack in our room. The location is close to everything - there are great restaurants near by and within driving distance to Pike Place.Overall very clean, service was great and we would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>RedsoxFan41
<Content>Good take This is a bit out of Pike's Peak area, but a good take for a family. We were able to get a nice Suite for less than the cost of two rooms downtown. The hotel is on a trolley line that runs downtown very quickly and frequently. There is a cove across the street with three good restaurants - Duke's Chowder house is a good casual call. Buca di Beppo is a fun Italian place three blocks away. Hotel has a gym (sort of lame, but there), pool, and business center. The include breakfast is very complete - eggs, oatmeal, etc - not simply rolls and coffee. Not the best take for a business traveler who needs to be downtown, but it was a great fit for our family visit.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>dancingqueen48
<Content>Excellent Accommodations I stayed at this hotel for leisure with some friends and the hotel was so beautiful inside. It had a indoor pool and the front desk gal was so helpful. She went out of her way to find us what club to go to and even called the cab for us and gathered directions. The only bad thing is the parking. Not enough. The suite was so spacious and very comfortable.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TwinOaksMd
<Content>Worked well for a family of four (w/ two teenagers) Our family of four stayed three nights in a suite with a mini-kitchen. The facilities were very good, we enjoyed the full breakfast. Although not centrally located, the hotel is a convenient trolley ride from downtown. Fine views of Lake Union and its float planes and kayak rentals. Check out the Wooden Boat Center, there is a peaceful dock to sit out on in the evening. It is also a modest walk from the main REI store and a couple food markets. One issue: the bathroom was located inside the bedroom, so the kids had to enter our bedroom to reach the bathroom during the night.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>HawkRidgeVA
<Content>Excellent stay Our family (2 adults, 2 11-year-olds) were very happy with a 1-bedroom, lakeview suite in this hotel. Like most Residence Inn's, we had a good basic kitchen, a smallish living room with pull-out couch, and a very comfortable bedroom. The furnishings are more modern, and good-looking, than most Res. Inns. The location on the lake is great with nice restaurants across the street (we loved the chowder at Duke's) and views of seaplanes taking off and landing. We did not have a car and it was easy to get downtown on the rail line. If we return to Seattle we'll stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	4	4	3	-1	4	

<Author>dittomom
<Content>Perfect location and room I stayed at this hotel with two teens and a younger child and originally booked a studio king with an extra rollaway. We were upgraded to a two bedroom King suite with two baths and a full kitchen. We were in heaven! Lots of room to stretch out!Front desk was pleasant and helpful, they made dinner recommendations for us and made the reservation. The other employees on the grounds had a smile and greeting for us. Breakfast was good, hot entrees were a pleasant surprise. The streetcar stops across the street and provides easy access to the downtown area, Pike's Market is a few blocks away from the streetcar's last stop downtown. I did not get a rental car, and we were able to get around on buses, ferries, and the streetcar, with car service to and from the airport.My kids enjoyed the pool, its not big but open extended hours so they could use it in the evening. A bowl of apples is always available at the front desk, and hot cocoa and coffee are in the lobby.The front desk has a computer available for printing boarding passes which I thought was a nice touch.There were many families and pets in the hotel, but it wasn't noisy for us. We didn't hear any other room noise while in our room. Room decor was fresh and clean, looked recently redone. Full kitchen was nicer than at home.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Peninsulatraveler2
<Content>Great Hotel This very clean, updated, spacious one bedroom suite was comfortable and you had everything you needed. The location was great, over-looking Lake Union and the breakfast is a full breakfast not just muffins, yogurt and coffee. The street car is about a block away that will get you to the downtown area for great restaurants and shopping for a very reasonable price. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. This hotel is like a home away from home; my husband and I spent one night, we wished we had more time to enjoy. You can't go wrong staying at this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Bizztravel
<Content>Nice remodeled Residence Inn I just completed a 4 day stay. Nicely renovated rooms with 32 inch LCD TVs. Two in my suite, with a view overlooking Lake Union. I paid a $174 company rate which was cheap relative to other comparable hotels in downtown Seattle. It is not the closest hotel to Pike's market or the 1st Ave restaurants. I got tire of walking around, but there are several nice restaurants within a block or two along Lake Union.Breakfast was same as any Residence Inn. Wednesday, they have a happy hour with full Mexican food. Tacos, enchiladas, beer, wine, chips. Nothing on any other nights.Parking was $19. I had a rental SUV to park, and parking in their secure lot is very, very tight. If someone parks next to you, you are going to need a crowbar to pry yourself into your car.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>MarkLChicago
<Content>Very Nice!! I had a one bedroom suite over looking Lake Union. Beautiful view, with the sea planes taking off and landing, the marina and kayaker in the water. The hotel was very quiet and clean. Many people from all over the world are staying here and the staff treated everyone with the same care. The breakfast is good, but get there before the closing time, as when they say it ends at 9am, they mean it. Parking is $19 a day, but that is cheaper then almost any other hotel in the area. Accept the fact you WILL pay for parking everywhere in Seattle. Down by the piers, I paid $35 for all day parking. The parking at the hotel is secured and underground, so you will never get wet. (It never rained for the 2 weeks I was there).  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sophisticato
<Content>Great location, room, and value Great place to stay with extended family or even on your own. The rooms are nicely decorated and beds very comfortable. Love the open space in the middle where breakfast is served and great place to meet for business. The new tram stop is a short walk away and great way to get downtown. Love the location by Lake Union. Seems a bit safer than downtown. The staff were most helpful and loved the help yourself coffee. Lots of restaurants on the wharf. Also, on Wed evenings they feature a Seattle chef and complimentary drinks too. Large rooms, clean, reasonably priced, and professional staff.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>objective12
<Content>great value Stayed in a 2 bedroom suite with my husband for a week. Really nice accommodations, free internet in the suite, excellent breakfast included in the price, super-helpful staff and free parking for visitors, convenient location. We had no complaints with our stay and would go back again and again.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>southms
<Content>Great visit Hotel is in great location (just like most all of the reviewers have said!). The decor is much nicer than any other Residence Inn I've ever stayed. We had a room on the 6th floor with a large balcony overlooking Lake Union, unbelievable view! The room was so spacious with 2 large bedrooms, 2 baths, kitchen, dining and living areas. Three nice large (new) TVs. The free breakfast was a nice amenity and tasted good. Overall, we found the emps to be very helpful and friendly with one exception (Whitney). They use a car service called Cameo Town Car that we used quite a bit to get to and from the airport as well as to the wharfs and other attractions. They were extremely reliable and reasonable.Overall, it might be the best place in town to stay (as long as you can get the lake view!)  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>BearAndPenguin
<Content>Great hotel The suites in the Residence Inn were newly renovated, spacious, comfortable and clean. The hotel has a huge lobby which is nice for just hanging out in. I had all of my wedding guests stay in the hotel and everyone loved it. The location is nice because it is right on the bus line and streetcar line and minutes from downtown Seattle without being right in the middle of the busy downtown. It is also right next Lake Union and half the rooms have a great view. The breakfast was good but not great - I have liked the breakfast at Embassy Suites more. The staff was okay, not the friendliest ever, but they did do everything that was asked of them. Parking is $19/day which is expensive, but not for Seattle. Other downtown hotels charge $40/night. There are also restaurants right across the street so you don't need to drive anywhere to eat.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>AtlantaTraveler23
<Content>Average to Good hotel Stayed in early June with 3 small children.The hotel is in a good location directly across from Lake Union, a small park is across the street and a boardwalk around the Marina is a good distraction for kids to release some energy.Seattle Center is a short 15 mintue walk although be careful of which route you take, some roads have small sides walks with heavy traffic.Easy access to I-5 to get to other sites in the area.Breakfast was average but what can you expect for free!Indoor pool was a little small but the kids had a great time. Rooms were very nice as the hotel was recently renovated, staff was helpful with basic information but did lack more detailed information about things to do.3 sit down restaurants across the street (Hooter's, Joey's and Daniel's Broiler) nice for adults but not that appropriate for kids and there are few other kid friendly restaurants close (not that I could find). No hotel bar or restaurant on site.Parking is $19/day and you have no options close by.I would recommend the hotel especially with kids.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>mkabell
<Content>Fine location, terrible breakfast The hotel is situated by Lake Union near the end of the street car line from down town. That location is fine (but could Seattle please extend the hours that the street car runs...).Rooms were fine, although the bathroom and toilet was strangely separated from the sink and towels. Nice bed, though.Internet was free - or did they just forget to charge me? - but only wired connections. A Marriott should have free wi-fi as well.My rate included breakfast, but I only had the stomach to eat it once. It is terrible. Fruit juices are the synthetic kind, the choices of fruit is VERY limited and mixed together in a bowl with some strangetasting liquid. Eggs are served in a block (!), sausages are in fact patties - and there are so very few healthy options.Don't stay here if you care for the food you eat - it is not worth it.Oh, I almost forgot: The Starbucks coffee you can get was cold most of the time I got to get a cup - or empty...  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	3	3	

<Author>CatCalico
<Content>A Great Place To Stay We stayed at the Residence Inn on May 29th and May 30th. We had a 2 bedroom/ 2 bathroom suite. The suite was clean and nicely decorated. The breakfast was great. There was a variety of offerings and the Starbucks coffee was tasty. The pool was a comfortable temperature. We used the Seattle Streetcar to go downtown. The streetcar station is located right in front of the hotel and was very convenient. From downtown, we took the Monorail to the Space Needle. We walked back to the hotel from there - it was about 6 to 8 blocks. There were two floors of parking under the hotel - one for SUVs and bigger cars and one for smaller cars and sedans. We had a minivan and the hotel directed us to the garage for larger vehicles - when we returned back to the hotel for the evening, there were no parking spaces available - largely due to cars taking up more than one space. We were able to park in the smaller garage, but it was filling up as well. Since we were able to park, it was not a big deal, but maybe there should be some signs in the garage reminding people that they should not take more than one space! Across the street on Lake Union, there are a variety of eateries. Since we had the kids with us, we wanted a more casual dining experience. We opted for Dukes. The food was really good, prices were reasonable, and the service was great. I would definitely stay at the Residence Inn again. The hotel seems to really take pride in providing a good customer experience and it shows!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>flygalaz
<Content>Great Place and Location We selected this hotel as part of a package for an extended weekend in Seattle. To start with, the location is great, right on Lake Union near several restaurants, downtown, the Space Needle, etc. We had a car but you could probably do without if needed. The light rail and busses run right by the hotel and take you all over the city with frequent and easy access. If you do have a car, the hotel charges $19 to park in their secured garage or you can find metered street parking for less than half (which we did with no problems). The hotel has recently been remodeled and the rooms are some of the best I have seen for this brand. Very roomy, nice d茅cor, nicely equipped modern kitchens, great comfortable bed, plenty of drawer and closet space, large flat screen tvs in both the bedroom and living areas. It is easy to spread out and even have a little privacy if you have more than a couple of you. For the working types, there is a nice work area with free high speed internet and comfortable desk and chair. The staff was very helpful and knowledgeable about the area. The hotel does appear to cater to families (and allows the family pet too which you see many of so that may or may not be OK with you). The hotel is busy and sometimes elevators and such are slow due to this but while the hotel was quite full, we never heard our neighbors (the lobby was a buzz but the rooms were quiet). We had a room that faced the back (not the lake) but this was fine and quiet. The lake side actually is along a fairly busy street so it has a little more noise but you get the views of the marinas, seaplanes, etc. I ran one morning along the lake which was great and I felt safe (and saw other runners out). Of course exercise caution since it鈥檚 a mix of nice residential, commercial, industrial and some transient all in the area but overall you should be fine to walk to local places, etc. They gym has decent equipment (but not a lot of it). A couple treadmills, a couple elliptical鈥檚, one bike and some weights (barbells and a universal weight machine). The gym area is small and gets crowded and a little stuffy (indoor right by the pool) but if you go off 鈥揾ours you should have no problem. They have an indoor pool and spa which is great for the kids and have adult only swimming hours also (later in the evening).The breakfast is extensive but busy. There are also some great restaurants within walking distance offering all kinds of cuisine and many with outdoor patios onto the lake. Nothing beats having a drink or bite on the lake front on a sunny day in Seattle. I would definitely stay here again, loved the location, the room and the staff.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Complete_Travel
<Content>Great Hotel in Seattle with a wonderful view Residence Inn Lake Union is a great Seattle hotel. It was so nice being in the city, but with a view of Lake Union. We had a lake view room and really enjoyed watching the sea planes land and take off. Chandlers Restaurant across the street has wonderful seafood (it is a little pricey, but worth it). The on going renovations were no problem as they made every effort to keep the noise and disturbance down. The room had a king bed with separate living room with sofa bed, and a full kitchen (minus an oven). The front desk staff was helpful and friendly. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>onedude
<Content>Highly recommend       Room 720 - Kitchen  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Floridalynn28
<Content>Great Hotel in a great city Seattle is a great city and the hotel was a delight. We were hoping to be closer to the Seattle Center but this location turned out to be perfect for us. The suite had just been renovated. It was well designed with a comfy bed. We had a view of the Space Needle and watched seaplanes and boats from our balcony. The staff was always pleasant and assisted with arrangements for a car to take us to the airport. Public transportation is right out the front door as well as fine restaurants.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TheBences
<Content>Glad we chose this hotel............... We flew to Canada from Scotland, stayed a week, then my husband and I travelled down from Canada by car to stay for a few days before flying down to a wedding in Las Vegas.We stayed here because my husband had a whole load of Marriott points as he travelled a great deal with his work in 2007 and had stayed in various Marriotts throughout the US. We were thrilled to have chosen such a super place to stay. The apartment was lovely, clean and the view of lake Union was grand. The staff were very helpful and we would stay here again in a heartbeat. We sampled two nearby restaurants and they are within a short walk of the hotel. You can't go wrong with Outback and other one was twice the price but not twice as good!The breakfast was nice, no porridge oats but hey, when in Rome!I'm sorry ,grits are no substitute but when any of you reading this visit Scotland and are pining for grits, please try our porridge because you will love it! There was a good selection of food and drinks, we are just not big on breakfast so we did not sample that much.I always wanted to visit Seattle because A) I love Frasier . B) The cleverest people in the US live in Seattle and C) I wanted to see the home of Starbucks. Shopping was really good, you have lovely department stores, Pike Street was super and it was a sunny day which made it more enjoyable. We went to a home exhibition which was on at the same time as a big game for the Seahawks and the parking guy gave us a great deal when we told him we were leaving before the game started! We are returning to Seattle next year to see more. Can't wait.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>teefisch
<Content>quiet, relaxing hotel I just had a very pleasant five night stay at this hotel. The lobby area is somewhat off-putting (very beige and kind of depressing), but the newly refinished rooms on the 6th ant 7th floors are very nice.I enjoy having a kitchen, but although the hotel claims that the in-room kitchens are full kitchens, they really only have a microwave, fridge, dishwasher and two tiny burners. No full-sized burners and no ovens!Also, unlike other Residence Inns that I have stayed at, this one only offers evening snack on Wednesdays, as opposed to Mon-Thurs.And, unless you specifically ask, your sheets won't be changed--mine weren't changed at all during my stay.That being said, if you are looking for a safe, quiet hotel in a rather sedate location (there's not much shopping, dining or nightlife within 1/2 mile of this hotel) this is a great choice.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AndrewHHH
<Content>Nice place, nice location This is my second stay at the Residence Inn. I really like this place and the location in Lake Union, and when using Priceline I now always hope to get this hotel. Although the hotel is currently being renovated, this didn't bother me in the least - they work only 8-5 anyway. Otherwise it's a very comfortable hotel.Last time I didn't have a car but found it easy to get around - there are buses nearby (you can use Google's transit site for easy mapping of routes from, say, King Street Station - Amtrak - to the hotel) and now there's a tram that runs from almost in front of the hotel into downtown. But you can walk to Seattle Center, Queen Anne, etc. or even downtown very easily if you are in good walking shape.This time I had a car and had remembered street parking was free - but if it was before, now all parking on streets adjacent to the hotel is pay-to-park, with parking machines. As of this writing it's 75 cents/hour (cheaper than elsewhere in Seattle) and there are 10-hour spots adjacent to the hotel where you can park all day (free Sundays and holidays). But you have to get out there at 8am to pay for that day's parking. Next time I'd probably park in the lot for $20/night, given the last reviewer's observation that car windows had been smashed (there was still broken glass on the street when I parked there a few weeks later). But you don't really need a car if you are staying here and limiting yourself to the core Seattle sites, if you use the tram and bus or walk to things, use the occasional taxi.Hotel has free wired internet in the room if you have a laptop (they supply the ethernet cable). Worked great for me.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>happpycamper
<Content>great seattle spot This is our second stay here, both times for the Seattle boat show. It's a perfect location for that, but also great for other Seattle desitinations, especially since the trolly stops in front of the hotel and takes you downtown where you can walk or take the monorail to Seattle Center. The breakfast is well above average, rooms are spacious, nice to have a kitchen and coffee is always available in the lobby. We are very picky about coffee and found theirs to be well above average. There are many nice resturants, Joeys, Dukes chowder House were quite good. Only negative were the beds were quite soft for us, but would not stop a return visit. The parking is about $10 less than downtown hotels. Even though they are renovating, there wasn't excessive noise or inconvenience. Also, don't pay extra for a water view, isn't really isn't much.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Invisiblezipper
<Content>A good option for families - but think twice about street parking Our family (including 2 boys under 3 and a dog) stayed at the Lake Union Residence Inn this past weekend. Every staff person we met was very friendly and accommodating. Though we didn't book a view room (more expensive), we were upgraded when we arrived and our boys enjoyed watching the boats and seaplanes on the lake and the streetcar down below. We took full advantage of the kitchen as well as the robust continental breakfast.Our room on the 5th floor hadn't been renovated yet but was very comfortable and clean. The king bed was so comfortable, with a nice variety of pillows. We got a rollaway bed for our oldest son and even that bed was comfortable - often rollaways are of the fold up variety and are miserable to sleep on. This was an actual twin bed on wheels with the same linens and comfortable pillows as our bed.The hotel itself doesn't have a restaurant (no room service) but several restaurants (like Outback) offer delivery. The restaurants in the area are either seafood (across the street) or chain restaurants (outback, bucca de beppo). Belltown, with many cool local restaurants and coffee shops, is an easy drive or a 20 minute walk. Since our boys wake up really early (5 a.m.), we really liked the fact that the pool opens at 5 a.m. It was a way to keep the kids occupied and away from the room so that we didn't disturb other guests who were probably sleeping. There is a deep pool, a small kids pool (3 ft) a dry sauna and a hot tub.We opted to park on the street behind the hotel - the meter costs about $10 for the whole day as opposed to $20 in the hotel garage. The area around the hotel is all commercial (a public storage, cancer treatment center, day care center) so the streets were completely empty on the weekend. That's great for finding parking but probably not so great for security purposes. The Saturday night we were there, all the cars parked on the street had their windows shattered - probably about 12 cars in total. We just happened to be at a friend's house on Saturday night so our car wasn't hit. I have no idea what the hotel did for the owners of the cars. The neighborhood seems fine and this was probably just an unfortunate aberration. Obviously, if we stayed here again we would opt to pay for the garage.I would definitely recommend this hotel to others, especially families. Having a kitchen is a great way to save money on lunches or dinners and it's also nice to have two separate rooms so that the kids can go to sleep and the adults can stay up a bit later. There's even a playground across the street, though we didn't visit since the weather was soggy and cold.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rosario07
<Content>Fun Stay This was a great hotel because of the feel of a small one bedroom apartment. We took full advantage of the kitchen and bought groceries for our three nights there. It is walking distance w/in great restaurants (right across the street!). And now that the Trolley is up and running, you can take that to the Seattle Center and Downtown. They have a stop right in front of the hotel! Very convenient, esp. when the free hotel shuttle bus stops running in the evening around 6pm. The staff were all pleasant from the time we came till the end of our stay. The bed was very comfortable w/a feathered pillow top. There is a controlled heating and cooling system in the room. The only prob. w/that is the noise. But it really didn't bother us. Parking does cost money but there is free parking in the back of the hotel. There is meter parking  that's free after 6 and free all day Sundays. The free breakfast in the morning was excellent. They offered the usual breakfast foods (home made waffles, eggs, sausage, oatmeal, cereal, yogurt, fresh fruits, etc.etc.).It was a great stay and I would definitely come back!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Monky
<Content>Great Hotel! This is an older hotel but very well kept. It is in the stages of renovation. They started from top floor down. We stayed on the 2nd floor which wasn't renovated yet. The hotel was clean and comfortable. It is an all suite hotel with a kitchen and seperate bedroom. The hotel is built with the centre as a wide open atrium. It included full breakfast in the morning. The only thing is parking is expensive at $20/night. We found street parking around the hotel for free. The hotel is located 5 min from downtown Seattle and is pretty much off the highway. The Lake Union area is really nice. With the great Priceline price, it was an unbeatable value.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>longrun
<Content>Great Value and Location I am a travel agent that just stayed at the Residence Inn. I really would like to commend the staff. They are very accomodating and try hard to please. The hotel is terrific value with a wonderful hot breakfast. The bed was extremely comfortable with tons of space in theroom. I will send my future customers to this hotel without worry.Linda Lawrence  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	5	4	

<Author>PerkyTraveler
<Content>Excellent Hotel Excellent hotel. Stayed 11/4/07 - 11/7/07. We we booked for a room on the 2nd floor but I asked about availability higher up upon check-in. They graciously and quickly accommodated and we received a room on the 7th floor (highest floor) with a gorgeous view. They called it a partial view but I don't know why. It was a gorgeous view of everything. There's nothing negative that can be said about this hotel. One minor thing... $20.00/night for parking. But, it's completely secure parking and worth the price. You can walk to the space needle. It took us about 10 minutes. PT is close by. They're building a light rail across the street so I imagine when Spring rolls around that will be ready. Still, the monorail starts at the space needle and that takes you right downtown so that was a great way to get around. We didn't have to drive our rental car once when we were visiting the downtown area. The exercise room and pool are top-notch. Everything is very, very clean. The breakfast was more than fantastic with a huge selection of whatever you want. Check out the restaurant across the street called Joey's! Wow! Excellent food, service, atmosphere. Casual dress is fine although you wish you dressed up but only because it's such a beautiful restaurant. I highly recommend Joey's. It was a perfect hotel all-around and I would absolutely stay there again. Free Starbucks coffee in the lobby 24/7! And it was always fresh!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lobbster
<Content>Amazing value, great breakfast Booked this hotel for $60+tax on Priceline, and I have to say I don't think I have ever got better value for my money. My wife and I stayed here for 1 night this past weekend based on Trip Advisor reviews. We were extremely happy with the hotel, and its central location. The breakfast is great and hot, and there is so much selection. A great value. Having a full suite I wish we had had more of a chance to enjoy the room. Great restaurants right across the street. Would definitely stay here again and recommend this hotel. The only negative is that parking is $19 a night, but the front desk clerk advised us that we could park on the street directly behind the hotel safely, which we did. Great service.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>waiomaogirl
<Content>Nice Room and Hot Breakfast! Stayed at the Residence Inn Lake Union for one night on 10/27. I was lucky to get the rate of $60 through Priceline. With taxes and fees it came to $76.45/night. Check in was quick and easy. The front desk people were all very nice and pleasant. Self Parking is an additional $20.69/day (this includes sales tax). I didn't want to waste time looking for street parking. There is a separate garage for SUV/Trucks and sedans. We had a mini-van so we parked in the SUV/Trucks garage. Parking stalls in the garage seemed small. So, I can't imagine what the stalls in the sedan parking lot look like! At least the parking lot felt safe and secure as you needed a key to get into the garage. The room itself was spacious. I had a one bedroom with a king bed. Small kitchen with full-size refrigerator, stove, and microwave. The bathroom was a little on the smaller side, but it was OK. The bathroom sink was separated from the shower and tub and there was plenty of counter space. There were two TVs, one in the living area and one in the bedroom. The free internet worked and we didn't have any problems getting a connection.I could smell the hot breakfast in the morning from my room so I knew it was time to get up! There was a wide variety from bagels, toast, eggs, sausage, yogurt, cereal, fresh belgian waffles, etc. All in all, a very nice stay at the Residence Inn and I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bizzwriter
<Content>Nice start to our vacation...       Looking south...  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gktmd2
<Content>Great Place I have stayed ere several times. The rooms are spacious and quiet. THere is minimal noise from the surrounding area. It is a bit far from downtown. The morning breakfast has always been very godd with a lot of choices. The workout room is smallish with limited equipment but there is a dry sauna and nice pool area. THis is a solid hotel and it is no wonder it is busy each time I go there. HINT: park on the surface streets behind the hotel and save the parking fee. THe front desk actuallt suggestd this and it worked fine.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChicagoMembers
<Content>Great Hotel My wife and I ,and our daughter, son-in-law and 4 year old grandson have been here for four nights and we are extremely happy with the hotel. I have stayed at Residence Inns on business trips from time to time, and so am familiar with the brand. We are in Seattle for my son's wedding and wanted a place where my wife and I and my daughter's family could stay together for several days prior to the wedding, ans we wanted a hotel convenient to the sights we are familiar with in Seattle. This has been a great place to stay. We have a two bedroom suite. It is spacious and has all the amenities. The hotel has on-site parking. The facility is very clean and bright and in very good condition. The staff is helpful and cheerful. This location is very convenieint to downtown and to the Space Needle and Science Museum via Broad Street, and close to I-5 for trips to other sights and to the airport. They serve an excellent buffet breakfast everyday - much variety and ood food. Their indoor pool area has a large pool, and small 3' deep children's pool and a hot tub. The workout room is bright, cleen and weel equipped. Just a sign of how well the property is taken care of. We have noticed every evening a maintenence person walking the public areas and hallways with a paint can touching up minor mars on the walls. This is an excellent hotel and a good value.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Fun2Fly
<Content>High standards maintained I stayed here last in 2005 (see earlier review) and I'm pleased to say the hotel has maintained its very high standards. Clean and comfortable throughout, however, the bed appeared a little softer than last time.I had a lake view room and I would suggest that you ask for this if possible, as the view of Beaver and Otter floatplanes on the Lake is superb.I was disappointed to learn that biscuits and gravy now off the breakfast menu - but better still burrito is on the menu instead !! The 24 hour market (a fridge and a shelf with munchies, snacks and drinks) is sensibly priced (compared to extortionate room service in some places) and a welcome innovation. The contributor who wanted wireless internet would have caused me major problems (my company does not allow wireless), so the I-Bahn wired connection was very welcome, easy to use and fast to read my UK emails. Hotel is totally non-smoking, there is a smoking area and bench round the corner from the entrance.I would suggest using a taxi from Sea-Tac airport rather than the Gray Line Airporter shuttle as the driver didn't have a clue at what hotel I should get off and change for the connection to Lake Union even after I bribed (sorry, tipped) him. In the event the bus waited 20mins to on-load a wheelchair passenger at the Sheraton. $34 vs. $12.75 - Taxi !!Great location and super property with very helpful staff, this is the best value place to stay in Seattle and it's always a pleasure to stay here.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sabrinatraveler
<Content>Great Experience We had a great experience at the Residence Inn at Lake Union in Seattle. We have almost always been happy at Residence Inn hotels, but this was the best experience we have had. First, we were upgraded to a Penthouse 2 bedroom suite-- more like an apartment, with a huge terrace, overlooking Lake Union, which is very scenic. Try to ask for a Lake view unit, as the view is so nice. Lake Union is a short drive to downtown, but walkable to the Space Needle area. It is a very pleasant location though, less hectic than the business district and yet not far away. There are nice restaurants, with lake views, just across the street. Residence Inn provides a nice free breakfast in the lobby, and also provided a shuttle to and from the Mariners game, which was a great service.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>accidental_squirrel
<Content>Highly Recommended We spent 14 nights at this property on a business trip. I really can't of anything negative. Maybe the desk chair could have been a real desk chair. The Lake Union location is not convenient for downtown where my wife was working but she was ok with the 1.6 mile walk and the hotel has a flawless shuttle system to take their customers back and forth from the downtown area. It runs like a bus line with specific stops at posted times. The staff was very pleasant and efficient. The Wednesday night manager's reception was the nicest of any residence where I have ever stayed. The is a small indoor pool with a whirlpool and a sauna. The fitness center is not great but better than average and certainly functional with all the equipment and cardio machines in good working order. Our room was very comfortable and quiet. The televisions were kind of chinsy but that's normal. The bed had the upgraded mattress and bedding that is now found in most Residence Inns. The housekeeping staff were pleasant and efficient. The property is attractive with a nice atrium and is well maintained. The breakfast is pretty much the same as every residence inn with the exception of better coffee (Starbucks) and a better than average presentation. Some people will like the location and others will find it difficult. There are plenty of nice restaurants on the lake but not much shopping and the shuttle stops running at about seven so there is a transportation issue if you want to go to dinner at a restaurant on the bay or downtown. We were comfortable walking but we walk a lot and we were lucky with the weather.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Foster32
<Content>Almost like a Time Share in size We stayed for five days in a two bedroom suite overlooking Lake Union. It featured two bedrooms with two king beds (great mattresses), two bathrooms, kitchen, LR, and two balconies. The large suite was as large as some of the Marriott time-shares I've stayed in. The furniture quality was B+. The lobby is large and reminds me of an Embassy Suite Hotel. Service was A. Breakfast was A - . The managers special was a Wed night catered Italian dinner, which was an A - . The view of Lake Union was a B - . Very safe neighborhood. The distance to downtown or Seattle U was not too bad (10 -15 minute drive by car or bus). It was walkable to Seattle Centre attractions. 5 minute drive to U of Wash. You can find free parking in the neighborhood. I'd recommend this hotel over the more expensive and smaller hotels downtown  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>dsikula
<Content>Not Bad at All Not a bad place at all. Very large room, comfortable bed. The living room area of the suite wasn't plush, but was comfortable, (We weren't in there a lot, though, so it really didn't matter.) The kitchen is efficient and met what limited needs we had. (The tap water isn't the tastiest, though.) Bathroom small, but tidy and efficient; shower not bad, not great.Overall, we had a great experience. The desk clerks let us do an early check-in, which was very helpful. The room was immaculate and comfortable. The breakfast was tasty and simple, which was fine. The laundry facilities were very helpful in that I'd spilled tomato juice on my pants on the plane trip to Seattle and was able to wash it out.Negatives are few: The lobby could use some lighting help, though, as the sodium lights in the atrium make it very unfriendly in the evening. The parking garage is a bit cramped. We were given an SUV by our rental company, and parking in such a tight space in the evening was a bit of an adventure. (Getting out in the morning was no problem.) The gym and pool were overrun by noisy teens the first time we used them, but the other times we used them, they were fine.Location is good; very accessible to everywhere we were going. I'd definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>RobR
<Content>Agree with the other reviews. Better than the average Residence Inn       Residence Inn as seen from the Space Needle  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>oakorn
<Content>OK We had a king suite for 2 nights. The service was fine. The breakfast was OK - they ran out of many things. We didn't use the grocery shopping but great idea. The laundry facilities were great! The pool was a little murky but loved that they had an indoor kiddie pool. Didn't like that the bathroom was inside the bedroom - stinks with sleeping kids. Biggest issue was the internet service. It was wired and only available in the bedroom with broken clips. WIRELESS Marriott! Come on! I will admit we were spoiled coming from an Emabassy Suites in Portland (at the airport). It was cheaper and much nicer with really well trained and helpful staff.Basics were covered well but nothing was great.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	4	1	

<Author>Ms_Margo
<Content>highly recommend We recently had 2 rooms there--one for our teenage boys. The breakfast buffet was fantastic, but somewhat crowded. The hotel is not your typical residence inn; it looks like it is was an embassy suites in a previous life. The shuttle service was great--you just need to plan ahead. We even used the grocery delivery service (no extra charge for this). The parking is less than perfect--the spaces were very tight and not too plentiful. Housekeeping was very accommodating too. Try some of the lakefront restaurants across the street.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>memsteacher
<Content>Great Hotel with all the comforts of home! My husband and I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights this August and we could not have been happier! It is in a beautiful location, with views of Lake Union. Convenient to downtown, the Seattle Center (Space Needle, EMP, Sci-Fi Museum, Key Arena) is a 20 minute walk from the hotel. Hotel parking is $19 a night, but look for a FREE spot on the street surrounding the hotel. Spots may be harder to find during the work day, especially since the hotel is next to a cancer treatment center.The room was nicely appointed with great bathroom products! Coffee and tea are provided in the room, as if a fully stocked kitchen with all the necessary tools to cook. The hotel even offers a free grocery shopping service for any of their guests.FREE: Starbucks 24/7 in the lobby, microwave popcorn at the front desk, fresh baked cookies at 3 daily, and an amazing breakfast of hot and cold items are just some of the amenities!!The gym was convenient, right next to the pool, hot tub, steam room and the laundry facilities. ($1 per wash, $1 per dry)The hotel van can be reserved to take you to 8 locations across the city!We were more than impressed!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Zamigaos
<Content>Great Family Hotel We stayed at the Residence Inn/Lake Union for three days at the start of a week's vacation in Washington. The hotel is very nice, clean and the staff is exceptional. Our room had living, full kitchen, king bed and small bath. The balcony overlooked the harbor and we could see the Space Needle through the trees. Hotel was quiet, even though it seemed fairly full of families and business travelers. Morning breakfasts have something for everyone, including eggs, sausage, waffles, pastries, cereals, and several types of breads to toast. Coffee is always available in the lobby. Hotel has a FREE shuttle to both Space Needle and downtown. We used it for drop off and pick up every day and never had a problem. Staff was very helpful and always on time. Desk staff was great at suggesting eating places. We enjoyed outside harbor-view dining with wonderful food at Dukes. (Kid's menu, too) And, the Italian family-style Buca di Beppo is only a couple blocks up the street and an easy walk. We did a seaplane tour with a smaller company (within walking distance) just to the right of Blue Moon Bistro. Also, enjoyed the Argosy tour through the locks - they are located in Union Lake Harbor, as well. We would certainly recommend this as a great place to stay if you are trying to avoid the high cost of downtown hotels.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>suze5959
<Content>Lake View Near Seattle Found this hotel as a last ditch effort to find a room in Seattle when all downtown hotels were booked. First - Valet parking is available for $18 or park on the street behind the hotel. After checking, opted for the street. The lobby was in a pleasant atrium. Next - the check in was speedy, we had a room on the second floor with partial lake view. Full kitchen - livingroom with pull out couch. Separate bedroom - bath with king sized bed and balcony overlooking the patio - BBQ area. Included, continental breakfast had eggs, waffles, oatmeal. Nearby restraunts. Clean, comfortable and convienient shuttle to several downtown locations. Great gym - pool. $130 a nite! I'd stay again.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chase71
<Content>Nice hotel, nice location but best for short stays With an Embassy suites style design with an open atrium and 7 floors this hotel looks very nice. The rooms are the usual two rooms with a small kitchen and living room.The property is located across from several nice although moderately priced restaurants and for the casual experience there's also a Hooters. However beyond those if you want other dining options or even fast food you will have to drive. This place is great for a short visit or weekend. But the long term business traveler may want to look for hotels closer to downtown.My only real complaint I had was the Internet service was very slow. I was unable to remedy this with technicial support and my own networking expertise. One would think that Seattle hotels would not have this kinda of problem.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>eddiet0729
<Content>Great Place To Stay Before Cruise       atrium view of waterfall  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PA88
<Content>Nice view       Room map of 4th floor  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	3	3	3	4	4	

<Author>funlovingmotherof8
<Content>Wonderful experience My daughters and I went for a Girls Weekend. We absolutely loved the hotel. We had a living room with a sofa bed and a separate bedroom, both with TVs. It was not close enough to the attractions to walk, but a complimentary van dropped us off and returned to pick us up when we asked. The breakfast buffet had so many great choices. The front desk answered our questions and were a great help. We would stay there again, it was such a great experience.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>pacificstar
<Content>Always great Our son attened Seattle Pacific University and we always stayed at this location. The front desk stafff is very cheery, the rooms are standard but you know what to expect and always clean and spacious. They always booked us dinner reservations and sometimes the resturant gave us wonderful appetizers compliments of the hotel. Very easy, very clean and very nice staff.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AussieGator
<Content>Fabulous staff  I stayed here (lakeside room) for a conference, but came early for a weekend of sightseeing. Approx $30 cab fare from the airport. Even though this hotel isn't within walking distance to any Seattle sights, the hotel provides a free bookable shuttle to many, and the public metro bus stops right in front of the hotel to the University district or downtown (on the lake side) for $1.50 per ride. Unlimited weekend daypass = $3. Good value, as you can then ride to all the sights. Cab fare is approx $10. No hotel in house bar, restaurant or room service, but plenty of restaurants a quick walk away. Kitchen in suite also. Fantastic complimentary breakfast (even waffles!), coffee at all times. Staff are fabulous. Helpful for sightseeing. Clean, fresh, spacious hotel.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>akbunti
<Content>Nice Experience at the Residence Inn Lake Union Just returned home from a week at the Residence Inn where I attended a conference. First impression was that it was a bright, clean and well maintained hotel with a large atrium with kind of a minimalist Asian flair in the decor. Good impressions continued right along for the rest of the stay. Staff were friendly and helpful, and the extra touches were there, 24 hour coffee and tea, warm cookies several times a day at the front desk, popcorn for your in-room microwave, etc. Free hi-speed internet in the rooms, and lots of fluffy pillows on the comfy beds.Nice oversized suites with somewhat small tub/toilet areas, but sparkling clean and nicely appointed. I was worried about noise or smell from pets as I shared the elevator with some sharp barking dacshaunds, but once they were in their room I couldn't hear them--thank goodness. If I hadn't seen them I wouldn't have known there were pets in the hotel. I did see other well behaved pets later in the week. I had room 509...lake view, didn't pay extra. I enjoyed watching the bustle of the busy lake, and didn't find it noisy unless I opened the sliding glass door to go outside on the balcony. There was road construction, but again, I couldn't hear it unless outside.Terrific breakfast buffet, nice managers reception on Wednesday night, and housekeeping kept my room spotless....even did the dishes I dirtied one night. On the day I left, front desk staff even scrounged me up some tape and a box to ship the conference stuff that wouldn't fit in my suitcase back home. Front desk printed maps for us of the areas we were heading too, and the shuttle driver knew his city and was very informative.Our whole conference was at the hotel, and all services were very nice. We used the shuttle to go to several areas of the city, including Seattle Center, Pioneer Square and Queen Anne. I would definitely stay there again. I do not know the rate that was paid, but having stayed in other Seattle locations, this is an obvious terrific choice.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>wheresdabeach
<Content>Relaxing and Delicious Breakfast We stayed for a weekend get-a-way and it was perfect!First of all, they allow dogs which is wonderful since we didn't want to leave my pet behind. For a dog hotel it was immaculate.The hotel is very clean and has a peacefully quiet and up-to-date interior. We had a beautiful view of Lake Washington. It was very quiet, we didn't hear the traffic or the neighbors. Restaurants are literally across the street. For those staying for cancer/hospital treatments, Fred Hutchinson is right behind the building and they offer free shuttles. There are some delicious restaurants on the water. Our favorite is Siam (Thai Food) which is within driving distance further down. Blue Water Bistro also has delicous food! The staff was incredibly friendly ( as all of seattle is totally friendly and laid back). They were very helpful especially when I left my bathsuit after we had checked out. Everyone went above and beyond to try and locate my stuff.My favorite thing by far was their complimentary breakfast! It is so hard these days to get anything for free and their weekend breakfast is worth it. They had a waffle bar, fruit, yogurt, make your own egg sausage sandwich, cereals, mixed juices etc etc etc. Free Sunday Paper, Free hot cocoa, cider, tea and coffee 24 hours a day and Shockingly free internet hookup in your room. Great pool and hot tub. Their work out room is also great. Most hotels have minimal machines but this place had several machines, television, and purified water. Only complaint was the sauna wasn't hot enough. Other than that, the rooms were clean, bed was soft and comfy and staff was very helpful, and overall a very pleasant stay. We will definately visit again!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JIMCHI
<Content>Nice Hotel, But Can Be Noisy We stayed in room 310 and paid a premium for a lakeside location. While the room was spacious with a separate living room, the hotel is across a fairly busy street from Lake Union. The view of the lake was limited at best and I wouldn't call it a particularly beautiful lake in any event. There is a seaplane base on the lake and we were disturbed at night by planes taking off. They are apparently building a streetcar line in front of the hotel which could well add additional noise. The hotel offered the standard Residence Inn breakfast and also offers a free shuttle every 30 minutes to a number of points in the Seattle area, including the Space Needle. Other than the noise and a limited lake view, we were happy with our stay.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>Bebrbabe
<Content>Nice home away from home This hotel is a great choice for the money: convenient location, nice amenities, extra large large, well-appointed suites. The whole property is very well kept and neat as a pin. I concur with other reviews that the lakeside rooms are a little loud with the road noise (we also could hear our neighbors talking next door at 5am our first morning here!) but throw a pillow over your head and you'll sleep right through them both. Also agree that the bathroom (toilet/tub area) is one of the smallest I've ever seen! Fortunately Im not a big person because you have to get out of your own way to even close the door. Also on the small side: the hotel pool, but the exercise facility is extra-large. Several restaurants are right across the road or within easy walk along the water. Among them I'd highly recommend Duke's Chowder House !! The food was up there with the best seafood I've ever had. Service was terrific, prices were reasonable and its a nice casual/comfortable atmosphere for us weary travelers. Overall I'd definitely stay at this place again.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	3	5	

<Author>albertafamily
<Content>excellent stay Book this hotel back in August for a November stay,someone at the marriott hotel website made a mistake and had the web price for a two bedroom lakeview suite at $29.00 instead of $229. I jumped on it and booked it and thought I might get a hassle over it but instead the front desk staff were impressed at the rate I had recieved and happily checked me in.The staff were very friendly and the shuttle driver was excellent taking us to the downtown area whenever we needed him,of course a tip seemed to help with that.The hotel itself was clean and comfortable with a extended buffet breakfast. I would stay here again when in the area.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Seatopaz
<Content>Great location We have stayed at this hotel several times and keep coming back, due to the quiet, large suites, shuttle service and lake views and usually friendly staff.However, this time we stayed for one night . We were given a great two bedroom suite, second floor, wrap-around balcony, BUT in the morning the front desk staff would not give us an extension from the noon time to 1:00 pm, which is okay. BUT they made sure we heard them talking about us at the front desk reception when we left the room at 12:20 pm (I waited with our luggage in the lobby area while my husband got the car). The manager should know better than to criticize guests in front of everyone and not have the courtesy of 1) phoning us to make sure we were leaving soon and give us a warning of an extra cost if we were not; 2) not to talk negatively about any guest in front of others. Behind our backs the manager stated that he was considering charging us for the 20 minutes we took to leave the room! If he was so desperate for the extra expense, then why didn't he contact us by phone???? No warning, nothing, just plain rude. This left a very bad taste in my mouth.The main thing to remember is that the rooms are clean, large and comfortable. There is a free breakfast, a pool and free parking around the corner, if you don't want to pay for parking. Overall, staff are frankly, quite friendly and do their best to accommodate their guests. This was one unfortunate visit.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	2	4	

<Author>sandrita
<Content>perfect pre cruise hotel for families               More photos  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>RKON
<Content>Nice Location and well run our family of 4 with a 12 and 14 old stayed in a 1 bedroom suite for 4 nights. The Hotel is right off of I-5 and is very easy to find. Check-in was very prompt and a breeze. Our room was a lake view which had a great view of Lake Union from the Balcony. If you are a light sleeper I recommend that you get a room towards the back which is much quieter. Breakfast was your typical RI affair plus Tarbucks coffee. There was a managers reception on Wednesday evening that was catered by a local Itailian resurant. They servered Lasagna, Salad and garlic bread and was pretty good. The Hotel offers complimentary shuttle service to downtown Pike Market, Westlake shopping and the Needle. I would recommend you drive or take the shuttle. We chose to walk to the space needle which is less that a mile and it was real pedestrian friendly and a tad seedy. There are many resturants across the street and within a block. We got take out from Bucca Di Pepa right next to Ourback. It is a chain and they give you a ton of food. Make sure you order small portions their huge. We parked our car on the street behind the Hotel and did not have any problems.Cheers  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Perhisia
<Content>Pleasant stay We stayed here for five nights in a very roomy two bedroom suite on the top floor. It was nice and quiet. The staff was very friendly. When the soap machine in the laundry room didn't work, I had four staff come to help! The pool area is also very nice and clean. The breakfast choices were plenty with scrambled eggs, breakfast potatoes, sausage, and waffles in addition to the continental breakfast standards. They also hosted a manager's reception with free drinks and food catered by a local restaurant. We also took the free shuttle to and from the Seattle Center with no problems.My only complaint is that the bathrooms need some updating. The grout in the shower was black. The rooms could also use a little more color to contrast Seattle's often gray days.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>harborWisconsin
<Content>Nice but disappointed We just returned from a stay at the Residence Inn-Lake Union in seattle. The hotel is very nice with lovely rooms and a great breakfast included. There was one major disappointment however. We requested a room near the elevator due to health reasons. Instead we were quite far from the elevator making it very difficult. there were many many rooms closer just on our floor, and there were seven floor. We are long time Marriott Rewards members and were surprised at this treatment. After the first night I asked if there was a room closer to the elevator. I was tolld I would be called back, but there was no return call. The room was also probably one of the worst view rooms in the place. I can under5stand this if the hotel was sold out, although I don't think it wa. This was disappointing but not as frustrating as the room plcement, given our special needs request and MRR status.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spacious in Seattle This hotel exceeded our expectations. My husband, parents, two children (5  1) and I stayed here for nine days in early April. We had a two-bedroom, two bath suite with a balcony. The bedrooms and living room areas were spacious and inviting. The kitchen was a bit smaller than other suites, but absolutely functional since we cooked dinner there on several occasions. The bathroom (toilet  shower/tub) was a bit on the smaller side, but since the sink was separated from that area it did provide enough room. Each morning the hotel serves a 鈥渃ontinental鈥?breakfast. Let me just say, that there is nothing 鈥渃ontinental鈥?about the type of breakfast they serve since items such as Belgian waffles, scrambled eggs, sausage, etc. surprised us each morning.The hotel staff was very friendly and extremely helpful. They even had an extra umbrella stroller for us to borrow during our stay. While we were there, the hotel held an Easter party (complete with the Easter Bunny) for all of the children staying at the hotel. The indoor heated pool is a nice size with an attached 3 foot area for our 5 year old and offered us a reprieve every evening with our kids. I found the laundry room (right next to the pool) to be extremely helpful since the hotel staff would actually bring change for you up to the room. My husband frequently visited the business center that had two computers with complimentary internet access.We initially had some concerns about the hotels proximity to downtown Seattle, but it was only a short cab ride to any downtown location and it was adjacent to beautiful Lake Union. Plenty of restaurants and walking areas are across the street by the docks and there even was a children鈥檚 play area nearby. For us, the amenities of the hotel outweighed the downtown location, but the Lake Union area was a thoroughly relaxing site.We kept saying throughout our stay that we made the right choice in hotels and would highly recommend it for either families, guests with dogs, or anyone looking for a bit more space with close proximity to downtown.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GlobetrottersUK
<Content>Great place, can't go wrong We were fortunate enough to stay here on three separate occasions in three weeks. The first time was when we arrived late in the evening from London, the staff were very helpful and we were check in promptly.The free breakfast is better than most places where you would pay, cereal, pastries, juices, eggs etc and plenty of it. It seemed to be a bit busier at the weekend when it is served a little later.The hotel is opposite Lake Union as there a number of restaurant in walking distance including a highly recommended fish restaurant and an 鈥極utback鈥?steakhouse.DO NOT pay for the hotel parking, there is plenty of free safe parking in the streets at the rear of the property. All in all a great place, we shall certainly stay there again when in Seattle.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Really lovely We have a beautiful view of Lake Union and the Space Needle. The suite is lovely, clean, and is reasonably priced for a 2 bedroom, two bathed, kitchenette, and tv room suite.We love to walk and we are doing just that, considering the distance to downtown and Pike's Market. The area is quiet and serene...so all is perfect. I would like to have a food store of some size nearby and do note that a Whole Foods is under construction nearby.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>aDCtraveler
<Content>Great choice in Seattle This is the place to stay if you want more than a hotel room. For about the same price as many hotels with small rooms, we were able to get a great two bedroom, two bath suite with living room and kitchen. Free breakfast with all sorts of hot and cold quality food. They don't serve lunch or dinner, but excellent restaurants right across the street. (According to brochure in room, two restaurants deliver to the hotel, but I didn't try the delivery service.) Some people may be concerned that the hotel is not in the center of downtown, but I found it very convenient without a car. The hotel runs a shuttle service every half hour during the day and early evening. I was only able to get a seat once, but that wasn't a big problem because frequent bus service downtown and to University of Washington. Also easy to get a taxi. Also some people might find the hotel decor a little bland, but it was certainly clean and well maintained. I noticed new beds being delivered to the hotel so in the future I would expect an even more comfortable stay.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and property! Had a great one night stay at the Residence. This was our first time there, i booked three rooms for our family( we were there to take our Mom to the Fred Hutchinson cancer centre unfortunately), and the Residence is only a stones throw away. All rooms were very well maintained, very clean and comfortable. We never had the opportunity to cook there but we had all the equipment if we wanted to. Highly recommend the location at the Residence over Silver Cloud for restaurant access. We LOVED Daniel's broiler across the street, and the chowder at Dukes was great too! The breakfast buffet in the morning was good with a wide variety of food. Highly recommend if you're looking for value for your money and don't need an over the top hotel at over the top prices. We will definitley be back when we visit our Mom. they give discounted rates for long term stays.oh, and if it's importnat to you as it is to us, they also take dogs for an extra $10 each a night in any room!! no problems!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>NYCBeachLover
<Content>Great hotel I was very pleased with my stay at the Residence Inn Lake Union. The hotel is easy to get to from the highway and located between downtown and the university district. Rooms are standard for Residence Inn, which means a separate bedroom and kitchen with an apartment-like feel to them. Mine was well maintained and clean. There's 2 TVs with a wide selection of channels. The hotel has a large, welcoming atrium with coffee available all day, a business center with 2 computers hooked up to the internet and a printer (for free) and a free daily hot breakfast. There's several restaurants across the street right on Lake Union with outdoor dining and great views, but they're at least moderately priced. My only complaint with the hotel is the $15/day charge for parking, but as others have noted here there is free parking on the streets bordering the hotel. It was tough finding a space during the workday, but nights and weekends it was easy.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Almost Perfect   showReview(3700070, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>spycats
<Content>Nice!       View of hotel from Lake Union  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BOOTTIE
<Content>Really nice   showReview(3615140, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tobeginwith
<Content>Great Value!   showReview(3237665, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderfu   showReview(3216806, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than expected   showReview(3009392, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>tlbooz
<Content>Great find   showReview(2972680, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel!!!   showReview(2302446, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JoeMan
<Content>Looked at many, picked this one, turned out excellent   showReview(2217097, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>greg4golf
<Content>Get a Suite with a Lake View   showReview(1703466, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel in ottima posizione   showReview(19638012, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MaurizioEleonora
<Content>ottimo, comodo, pulito, posizione stupenda       Idrovolante pi霉 di centro di Seattle  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

