<Author>consuelonintendo
<Content>Luxury? I don't think so. OK, this hotel provides all the amenities of a good 4*: very clean rooms, comfortable beds, nice breakfast, designed lobby. The price is rather of a 5*. But I'm not sure I felt anything special to be called luxury in it, if luxury means perfection and a bit more. The reservation website of Grand Marina is terrible: they turned our booking of a package in a normal (and even more expensive) fee. When asking to the reception, they asked me a copy of the confirmation mail, which is a bit rude for a 5* Grand Luxury (we had to go to the business center, check my mails, go down to the reception etc...). And when coming back in the evening and asking if everything was OK , the only apologies we received was no problem, the package you paid included a bottle of cava, so we'll bring it. How romantic!  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	2	3	2	

<Author>hixy
<Content>just ok and expensive stayed for long weekend,hotel just ok,not good not bad .staff very good and nothing is to much trouble.but very expensive to have a drink and unwind here,decore ok,very modern if that is what you like.breakfast very good but be down early or not much left.location is the best thing about hotel and dont be fooled by picture of swiming pool,it is just the size of a large bath.but overhaul not bad  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>Nottingham22
<Content>Fabulous experience Arrived 10.30 am and obviously the room was not ready but we left our bags and we asked to return at 2.00pm which we did and the room was still not ready. We waited another half an hour and the lovely receptionist came over and apologised profusely and offered us room 715 which was a far superior room to the one we had booked. It was just gorgeous. Enormous with amazing views even from the bed,when the huge expanse of curtains were drawn back.The breakfast was one of the best ever, and the staff were wonderful - didnt have to ask for a thing as they were there to look after every whim.Didnt eat dinner in the hotel as it was dreadfully expensive but would love to go back again if we could afford the better room. I think the room we booked through hotelconnect would have been quite a small one overlooking the Trade Centre, but this time we struck lucky and since have been back to Barcelona but have only gazed at the hotel from one of the bars, and the size of the room we stayed in still amazes me.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sfimporter
<Content>Not loving the Grand Marina Our second time in Barcelona, previously we had stayed at the H10 Montcada and quite enjoyed it. This time around we got what we thought was a great deal and chose to stay on the water. We're still here as I write this, but are thinking of cutting our reservation short perhaps to take a train to explore more of Spain.I can see why those about to board a ship would choose this hotel, as it's literally on the pier where you would board your ship.The hotel design is cool and contemporary, but this is where the love stops.It's the little things that are driving me nuts. Our room in on the 7th floor (of 8) and we've got a great view with a little tiny balcony that looks out to the city. I really liked this until night came and the winds changed. The sliding doors to the balcony don't seem to close correctly, so you get this sporadic wind shrieking as you try to sleep. Perhaps this is something that only happens in the winter?The temperature controls in the room seem useless. No matter how I set it, it seems to jump back to 20 Celsius.The only clock in the room is actually part of the flat panel TV. Once you shut off the TV, the clock can no longer be seen.We were welcomed on arrival with a small plate of chocolates and some bottled water. Lovely. But for a 5-star luxury hotel, it would be nice if they would drop off a bottle of water every day. The only alternative is the min-bar's teeny-tiny 330ML bottles - that cost 4 Euros each.We had wine glasses in the room on the first day as well, but those seem to have disappeared.I'm dying to find out what happens with the bathroom amenities today. We don't seem to be getting anything replenished and are down to one tiny bar of soap that we keep passing between the shower and the sink. It literally feels like the hotel is saying - you've used up your allotment, time to check out.On the bright side, we did partake in the morning buffet on our second day (not included in our package). It was really lovely. But unless you're boarding a cruise ship, or maybe if it's the middle of summer; I'd choose differently.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	2	4	3	3	

<Author>Durhamlady13
<Content>Ideal location Stayed at Grand Marina for 4 nights for a long weekend and found it to be in an ideal location for visiting Barcelona.The hotel has very simplistic decor but as the design is based on ship this could be expected. We booked a suite on a romantic package- B  B basis with champagne and strawberries. As breakfast is about 40 euros the package is really worth looking at and great value for money. Buffet breakfast was lovely with lots of choice. Our suite was very nice indeed with all the usual 5 star frills.Hotel is in great location and the city hop on hop off bus stops outside so thats a bonus for sight seeing.Most shops ect are within walking distance. The hotel is at the end of a pier and the view of Barcelona from the roof / sundeck is amazing and unrivalled. Yes the hotel is not priced for budget travel but what you get is great accomodation, great location and great service. Definetly worth a stay.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nkirsch1
<Content>Nice Hotel, Good Location Spent 5 nights in Barcelona, wanting to see the sights and stay at upscale hotel at a reasonable price. If you are looking for European Old World elegance, this is not for you. If you are looking for a modern, clean, better hotel, that is on the water, close to La Rambla, this hotel is for you. At $176 US, Priceline awarded us with a stay at a comfortable hotel. Arriving on Saturday evening after a full day of traveling, and a layover in Madrid, we pleasantly greeted at the reception desk and given a very nice room overlooking a not so nice office building. We were offered complimentary glasses of Cava in the lounge. Being it was Saturday, we were lucky to see that the lounge featured Opera night, which showcased four very good performers. We ordered some tapas, an additional drink and called it a night. The prices were in line with what you would expect at a better hotel. Not outrageous by any means.The room was nice, bathroom had a jacuzzi, but the bed was a little hard. With all better hotels now offering plush bedding, we were surprised. The hotel is about a 10 minute walk to the top of La Rambla. We are walkers and found we were able to walk to many of the areas most tourists would want to see. La Boqueria a short walk on La Rambla is great way to start your day and load up snacks for the day ahead. The On and Off Tour Bus stops by the hotel. I suggest if you are staying a few days, to get the 2-day pass. It will take you to the places that are too far to walk to.Now for the best part of the hotel...Felipe, the concierge. Felipe was like a local tour guide for us. He advised where to go, where to eat, and how long to spend at each site. He even advised us where to rest, take out our snacks we bought earlier, and just take in life. Felipe made sure to ask us, on our return from sightseeing, how our day went. If a 5 star hotel is based on services, Felipe might be the reason (maybe the only reason) this is a 5 star hotel. We would recommend this hotel as a good place to stay for seeing the sights.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Martha_Duck
<Content>Good, if not expensive base I didn't read any reviews before but probably wouldn't have changed my decision anyway. Yes, I do agree that the hotel doesn't have a lot going on - it is really a business hotel, however, it was classy, clean, efficient  decorated to a good standard. Location is a little wander to las ramblas or la barcleneta, but actualy a nice walk to build up an appetite or walk off a meal.One thing to look out for though are the bar prices. 鈧?7 for two beers is pretty steep! Also, as it is a little out of the way, cabs, on a friday or saturday night round 10pm when you want to go out to eat are in short supply so be prepared to walk or queue early.Staff great, nice hotel, yes pricey, but no real complaints.enjoy!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LittleBritain
<Content>Excellant hotel We flew out the day before our cruise and stayed at the wonderful Eurostars Gran Marina (拢173 on eBookers). The cab from the airport was 鈧?6. It is a very modern building - not very attractive to be honest, but inside it is very 'funky'. The room was large with a great bathroom (always a monitor for me!). We were offered a complimentary glass of champers which we did not decline. We strolled into town for dinner - it is probably 10 mins to the foot of the Ramblas if that. Prices have certainly gone up with the rise of the 鈧?鈥?tapas and a bottle of wine at Teller de Tapas in the old town was 鈧?0. Back at the hotel we stopped for a nightcap, we slept well, and woke to find a cruise ship docked right next door (unfortunately this was not the one we were on this time!). There is an office complex attached to the back of this hotel, we stopped at a cafe there for breakfast - freshly squeezed orange juice and a pain au raisin (not very Spanish) for just 鈧?. Checked out and caught a cab to our cruise ship over the big bridge. We were very happy with this hotel and would happily stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>reedsreview
<Content>I Liked It...       The Room  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	3	4	4	

<Author>SouthWalesAnna
<Content>fantastic fantastic took my husband here for his 40 birthday,got a fantastic rate with travel zoo over 50% off.Stayed 2 nights on arrival asked for an upgrade which was given, checked in at 11 no probs, Room was amazing the views across barcelona were fantastic, had a terrace which was a fab suntrap.Bathroom huge seperate shower that had 6 heads, bidet, then double doors to jacquzzi bath and double sinks,bathrobes slippers toiletries etc.Iron plus board,safe flat screen tv huge bed, well stocked mini bar very dear but we just got our fizz and beers from supermarket and put them in there and took everything else out. Excellent turn down service and room was spotless.Breakfast was included in the price, ok if you like cereals,fruit,cooked breakfast, omlettes, meats and cheeses,pancakes,so many pastries and cakes oh and cava and strawberries, thre list goes on the best brekkie we have ever had!Yes the bar was expensive but 4 opera singers made up for it.A real positive experience in a plush hotel just beautiful.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kykiminhongkong
<Content>nice accomodations but not nice policies Grand Marina was a nice hotel, very modern and European in design and good location. The location was on the water, a short walk from La Rambla. Very quiet. However, had a problem on checkin. I had booked a room with 2 twin beds for myself and 2 children. On checkin they insisted that I upgrade to a more expensive room and pay extra for another bed even after I insisted that we didn't need 3 beds. They said it was their 'politics' and I didnt have any choice. This cost me an additional 100 Euros per night! Then the concierge was very demeaning and condescending to my children, kept saying they would hate everything there was to do, I must spend 12 days in Barcelona, why would I want to go to Montseratt??? How absurd and then made sure to point out all the Mcdonalds on the map for the entire time, even after I told him I would not be going to McDonalds. On top of that, he told me I would be mugged or pickpocketed if I took a purse with my anywhere in the city. Needless to say, my children were very put off with Spain within the first hour. I must say that the trip was fine after that despite the first few hours.Other than that, I liked the location and the rooms were very modern and clean.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	5	1	3	4	

<Author>majDublin
<Content>bar prices extorionate - even dick turpin wore a mask! not a 4 star hotel, the hotel has no soul. the only saving grace were the staff who were very pleasnat and efficent. after we check out we retired to the bar to await our departure for the airport and ordered 4 local beers 'san miguel'. We were presented with a bill for 鈧?8 ($50), an absoulte rip off. We quereid the bill with the waitress 'surely there was a mistake'. no mistake. considering the bar in the conference center in the same complex at the back of the hotel sold the exact same beer a 鈧?.50 per bottle this represented a +400% mark up. It completely spoiled what was a plesant enough stay a the hotel. Would not recommend the hotel to anyone based on this.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>jsc20470
<Content>good good good got a great discount thro travelzoo 50%off .cant beat the location .forget the ship noise your sleep thro it go go go  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>maur0
<Content>good hotel Overall we had a good experience at this hotel however must say facilities like gym swimming pool etc. are not 5 star standard. This hotel would be ideally suited for people visiting the city for 2/3 days [ city bus tour drops you right outside ] or if boarding one of the large ships that tour the med [ again just outside entrance ]. I also saw a lot of corporate delegates working rather then on holiday. Breakfast was good and staff helpfull with directions and general questions . Will stay here again hopefully the hotel facilities will be improved. Mr Mauro Pettinelli.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>neilNeil
<Content>nice hotel Stayed at hotel for only one night before taking cruise.Arrived at hotel early at 11 am but reception managed to find 3 rooms early as i had requested so were able to book in which i was impressed with.All the staff at the hotel were helpful and friendly.The only down fall i found was the price of the restaurant which we found very expensive for an evening meal, but the service was excellent. The hotel is a short walk to the bottom of Rambals approx 5 mins.The hotel is right next to the cruise terminal, which was one of the reasons for staying at this hotel, however the royal caribbean terminal is over the other side of the port and is to far to walk and will require a taxi with suit cases about 12-15 euros. Some other cruise companys do dock next to the hotel with smaller ships.The hotel staff were happy for the party to return the following week and leave our luggage at the hotel for approx 6 hours untill are evening flight.Neil, LiverpoolOverall a very nice hotel but eat out if you can.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Simon1944
<Content>Great views, fine rooms but too many problems This hotel is impressive in scale but soul less in character. Arriving a 10.00 pm, I was escorted to my room by a charming manager who explained how everything worked. A fine plate of freshly prepared fruit awaited me. The view of Barcelona was superb. The shower was extremely powerful but did not drain properly. In the morning I was told that shower water had penetrated the room below and I was asked if I would move to a better room. The better room was not as good and the television didn't work. Tissues had to be requested and neither cotton buds not a nail brush could be supplied. This could be an outstanding hotel but my experience was disapointing. I also visited the Arts hotel for a meeting - this looks like a better bet - although you have to take three elevators to reach the penthouse duplex suites.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>4	2	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>UKDunc
<Content>Nice quiet place to stay in Barcelona The Eurostar Grand Marina in Barcelona was a great hotel. It was in a good location for exploring the city but not smack bang in the city centre (although this was very easily walkable). The Ramblas was about a 5-10 minute walk from the hotel. It took about 15-20 minute taxi ride from the airport to get to the hotel which cost about 26 Euros.The hotel was nicely furnished and the room we stayed in was nicely decorated and very comfortable Would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Theresa21
<Content>not 5 star This never struck me as a five star hotel. As soon as you walk in it's a soul less place - efficiently run, but very corporate. It seems quite 1970s in its decor. The room was OK but no balcony which we missed, and it was facing the cable car tower which had all the appeal of a construction site. Because of this we spent most of the time exploring in town as the hotel wasn't nice to hang out in - concrete gardens' with no views.The pool is ridiculous - billed as a roof top pool you get the idea that this is some type of 5 star luxury but it is little bigger than a bath. Also it didn't open until 11am for some obscure reason. Instead we walked to the beach (25 mins) and enjoyed swimming in the sea which was a very positive experience.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	4	3	3	

<Author>misish
<Content>Great Position We have just returned from a week in Barcelona with our two teenage sons.I searched long and hard for the hotel that would allow us to be close to the centre of Barcelona, yet make the most of the coast and have a pool to return to after a hard day's site seeing. The first objective was well satisfied, as the hotel is within easy walking distance of Las Ramblas and the Metro. The beaches were also easily reached by taxi from the hotel costing approximately six euros. The pool, however was a major let down. On the hotel's website it appears to be the size of an Olympic pool, but in reality it was nothing more than an ice cold plunge pool. It was surrounded by a fairly large open space that should, for a five star hotel, have been filled with sun beds. It had about sixteen with the vaste majority of guests having to sit or lay on the floor.We arrived at the hotel in the morning and were told our rooms would be ready at 2pm. We returned at 2.30 and were given the key to our son's room, which was on the seventh floor facing an office block, not good! After six phone calls and six times of being told that our room would be ready in ten minutes, we finally got in at 4.30. Our double room also faced an office block, but did at least have a second window to the side. The rooms were beautifully presented and very well cared for by the cleaners, who scowled at us daily because we chose not to rise until about 10am.To summarise - a grand building, some highly dodgy positioning of rooms and views. A rather souless hotel whose service is not, despite the excellent concierge, that of a five star hotel.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	2	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>SMCR
<Content>Lovely rooms, good locaton This hotel definitely needs a bigger pool. We booked this hotel specifically for the pool and location. We also laughed when we saw it. Also there were no umbrellas over the 15-20 sun beds available. There is a little seating area which has umbrellas but it would be nice to be able to lie out in the sun with part shade. The location is great, at the end of Las Ramblas. It's about a 20 min walk to the beach on Barceloneta. The staff are very helpful and friendly. We didn't find that the restaurant or bar were very atmospheric because there were never really many people in them but they were beautifully decorated. There are little restaurants and take away fresh food places behind the hotel and below the World Trade Centre which we only discovered after a couple of days. These were handy for breakfast.The concierge was very helpful but both recommendations he gave us were not good so do your homework before you go. My recommendations :- Argentinian Steak House Patagonia on Gran Via is excellent, I've been there on two trips and it was superb both times. 4 Gats restaurant is the restaurant Picasso used to hang out in and is worth a visit. It's in the Barri Gothic which is lovely to walk around and to shop in. It's got a lot more expensive since our last visit two years ago.We ate Sushi in a restaurant near the hotel on Av. Parallel. It was tasty though the restaurant was only ok decor wise and the area is not great - we didn't feel 100% safe walking up there.The hotel recommended Little Italy restaurant with live Jazz music in the Born district but it wasn't great for food. That area is lovely however for bars and a stroll.Citrus on Pg. de Gracia is lovely but indoors. There are lovely tapas bars on that street where you can sit out and people watch and enjoy the great food at reasonable prices.The Vila Olympica is worth a visit. Hotel des Arts is worth a visit for a cocktail (鈧?8). Enjoy the decor and view.Nearby on the beach is great for night life. On Maritim Barceloneta there are restaurants which convert to night clubs about midnight; Opium with it's white leather couches was lovely but a lot quieter and more expensive (鈧?5 per drink) than Shoko which was really busy and had good music. The music in Opium was not great on the Tuesday night I was there but it might be better later in the week.Buddha bar was empty. They said it's quiet in August.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Welshboy64
<Content>Some good some bad Just arrived back yesterday from a three night stay.Rooms good size and nice and comfortable.We laughed at the pool when we saw it.You expect a pool to be a reasonable size when you see it advertised but this one you couldn't dive into .More that two people in it and you would be bumping into each other.We ordered room service which is not always a good idea but hey 5 star hotel can't go wrong. Yes you can food was poor quality.So what did we do order a night or so later. Even worse this time, so we sent it back.We are daft ordered food in the restaurant thinking it must be better than room service. No it isn't San Miguel cost 7 euro a bottle, TV has pay to view hear everything even music channel.It is obviously a hotel out to make a quick buck and appears to be doing so very well.Apart from that the room itself was good and on a room only it is a good place to stay, but don't be fooled by the five star rating  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dcwings
<Content>Outstanding I work for the airlines and send many nights in hotels. This Hotel was FANTASTIC! The service, location, everything was A PLUS. When returning to Barcelona I will Stay at this hotel again!!!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Supine
<Content>Fantastic! A very brief stay at this hotel left me wanting to come back for more. I cannot praise the decor, cleanliness, comfort, staff, service too much. This was a short break booked and paid for by my daughter so I'm not aware of the cost but whatever it was, it's worth every penny. The room was superb with a separate dressing room with well stocked fridge and storage. The bathroom had twin wash basins, and a jacuzzi bath and other items separated by an opaque sliding door. The only slight drawback was that the shower screen was not large enough to contain the water from the power shower, which splashed on to the floor. Rooms were air conditioned with a thermostat and sliding doors to the balcony to let some heat in if preferred! The lounge area was comfortable with excellent service and the breakfast was 'to die for'! Phenomenal choice of fresh fruit, traditional cooked, lovely breads, pastries and much, much more, eaten outside under the lemon trees. Convenient for exploring the city but also near the yacht marina, with good shopping and tapas bars nearby. Thoroughly recommended and I can't wait for the chance to visit again.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EuropeanTourist201
<Content>Fully satisfied       Luxurious bathroom  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>ItchyFeetPortsmouth
<Content>Nearly Cancelled Three Times - Glad I Didn't Have just returned from staying in Barcelona for four nights at the Eurostars Grand Marina which I booked following a lot of research on where to stay in Barcelona. However, after I booked I discovered some very negative reports on the service, tired and worn interior, location too far away from everywhere and tiny pool being the main complaints. So much so I nearly cancelled three times. I am SO glad I didn't.Having travelled extensively on business staying in first class hotels, I expect the same when I'm paying. This met every expectation. My Superior Double had a jacuzzi bath, balcony overlooking the Marina and decor you would expect in this class hotel. Didn't look at all tired to me. Check in staff were courteous and the Concierge extremely helpful in advising where to go for the best restaurants off the tourist track.The pool was indeed small, but at least that meant that after a long day sightseeing you weren't competing for sunbeds and no crowds.Location is also perfect. Away from the noise of Las Ramblas but you're at the bottom of it within 5 minutes walk as well as a Metro stop. Not only that all the Touristic open top buses stop outside as well as the cable car going to the beach and Montjuiic (but a slight breeze seems to mean they don't operate it!).Being a beach dweller a sightseeing holiday is normally not for me but my last day planned for the beach was sacrificed because there really is something amazing to discover every day in Barcelona.The only downside was that our aircon packed in on the second day and they had trouble fixing it. However, they offered to move us (them doing the moving) which we declined (couldn't be bothered) and instead offered us a couple of days worth of free breakfast and it was working in the end before we left.All in all a great trip and would definitely stay there again if I return to Barcelona  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>jsyboy
<Content>Same again! Absoutley outstanding!       Champagne  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>narmit
<Content>Great hotel, a bit far from metro We were there for 4 nights on a business trip. The hotel itself is sumptuous: the public areas are very nice, and the gym+outdoor pool (not huge, however) on the terrace are a great add-on.The double room was extremely spacious: there were also a wardrobe room and a large bathroom with both shower and bathtub.Towels were changed daily even without request (what a waste), and room cleaning was really good (even too much, a staff member opened my door during an afternoon rest).The location of the hotel is nice as well. It is practically on the sea (at the marine station, and 10-minute walk away from Rambla del Mar, where some restaurants and enteirtainments are located. The only issue regards public transportation: a 15-minute walk is required to reach the nearest metro station, while the terminus of no. 20 bus is very close.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Top2008
<Content>Stay away!! I stayed in the hotel Grand Marina Barcelona on the end of June and beginning of July. The hotel was chosen because of the sea view. When I arrived no non-smoking room with a sea view was available. I got cleaned smoking room without any cigarette smoke, so I accepted the one. Finally I did not have any sea view anyway. Due to the traffic on the port I could see just huge cruisers in front of my windows. Whole day and night fuel suppliers and catering companies were running up and down through the port making annoying noise.For the breakfast there were not many varieties of food to choose and in the restaurant from 4 p.m. only snacks and sandwiches were available.Hotel麓s outdoor swimming pool is too small. Concierge staff was unhelpful providing wrong information about boat trips, sightseeing tours, directions to the beach, interesting sites, etc. I will never stay again in this hotel and never recommend it to anybody.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	1	2	

<Author>Kat_Ric
<Content>Enjoyable, but expensive We had a 3-night stay, and found the hotel perfectly acceptable. Okay, so some of the carpeting was a little worn and it is set in a concrete jungle - but the Staff we very helpful and accommodating, the deluxe room was very nicely appointed and the bathroom was quite superb. We found the location great for views over the city and it was quite fascinating to watch the cruise ships come in and out, but it is a bit of a hike to get to the main touristy areas.Plus points - interesting liner concept and good standard of rooms, excellent buffet breakfast and (for a city centre hotel) great views.Minus points - pool, what pool - more of a footbath, location slightly off the beaten track (10-15 mins walk to any shops/restaurants)  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Benito34
<Content>Terrible Staff - Not Five Stars Quite simply one of the worst hotels we have ever, ever stayed in!The pool is non existent. Don't go there for a pool or any outdoor space.We stayed in a Deluxe Room for a week long vacation on the second floor with a view of a concrete wall! On our first morning we were woken up by staff shouting singing and banging as they were setting up for a party that night. This was at six thirty am on our holiday in a supposedly five star hotel.When we complained the manager said there was nothing they could do. We asked if the party was going to go on late and keep us awake that night and he responded by saying he did not know.So we went out that night and returned at one am assuming that the party would be finished or at least quiet by then this was not the case with a band playing right beneath our window all night until three am!When my girlfriend called reception and the duty manager to ask for us to be moved the manager hung up the phone on her! That has never ever happened in my life!You may think this is just a one off bad experience but it wasn't there were several other instances of not just bad but appalling service even by three star standards.We went to the concierge one day and asked for a dinner reservation he insisted that we take a taxi to this beautiful romantic restaurant he knew of we asked if it was close he said yes five minutes. Forty five minutes later and 40 Euros worse off we were dropped off at a Cafe with plastic tables and a load of Dutch tourists from a cruise ship! Not what we expected when we asked for a high class romantic restaurant in Barcelona!Don't stay at this hotel there are so many better hotels with better facilities and location and most of all staff with brains and some decent training. Even the three and four star hotels would be better than this place. Its a hotel for business guests only or cruise ship guests for one night.Other than that stay away!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	2	3	1	1	2	

<Author>Nemesis32
<Content>Definitely not 5 stars and too far from Metro Was transferred to this hotel, supposedly 5 stars but i will at most give it a 4 star rating.Stayed for 5 nights and my comments are as below:Good:Room is relatively clean, spaciousBad:Too far away from the metro, about 15mins walk. Nearest shopping at Maramagnum is also about 15mins walk. As said by many, carpets look old at walkways and probably need a change or cleaning.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	1	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>cee_jayGermany
<Content>Good location       Bathroom  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	3	2	

<Author>michelle-46
<Content>not bad definately a business hotel rooms were good.on websie looked like hotel faced the sea but the conference centre is on the sea front and the hotel at the back. The indoor pool is the size of a postage stamp and the outdoor one very small. Drinks extortionately expensive would stay in las ramblas centre next time  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	2	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Clare1969London
<Content>Nice Hotel....not a 5 Star one though!! Having stayed at this hotel last July for a friend's hen weekend I knew it was a lovely hotel and for a 5*, good value, especially with the location. I re-booked it for this May for a friend's 30th and was disapointed that the prices had gone up by over 拢50 each PER NIGHT despite only being early May but felt it was worth it as we had used the facilities last year and it was superb. However, we were extremely disapointed to discover that the swimming pool was empty and were told this was because it wasn't summer yet despite the temperatures being 29 degrees????!!!! Also, the rooms were not as good as they were the previous years and I just felt that overall, this was not acceptable for a far from cheap 5* hotel. I won't be staying there again which is a real shame.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pigsmum
<Content>Fabulous Myself, husband and two teenage daughters stayed here for a 3 night break over Easter and had a fabulous time. The hotel was clean, the rooms were beautiful and spacious. We have spent a lot of money on a super king size bed at home and hardly ever sleep in a more comfortable bed than ours but this was, and my husband was well impressed with the pillow menu. - We could have chosen different pillows to suit us.We had no noise from outside or other rooms whatsoever, and the views over the city, and the water at the side was lovely. There were cruise ships moored up whilst we were there but heard no noise from them, and although other reviews have said the staff were unfriendly, we found them friendly, very attentive and could not fault iour stay at all. The prices in the minibar, restaurant were expensive - but in a 5 star hotel in a eurpean capital city that is only to be expected. We would not hesitate in recommending this hotel to others.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>yoojayem
<Content>Inflated prices       Nice bathroom  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>Bears4015
<Content>Kids 12 years and older need their own room When we got to the hotel I was told that my 12 year old son must have his own room. I had to pay for a room that my son never used. They claimed that this was government regulation that 12 year olds must have their own rooms. My son was frigtened to sleep in a different room in a strange country. When I got back home, I found that this was a big lie since there is no such government regulation. I have been writting to the corporate offices for almost a year and yet I have no answer. Do not go with children.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>S3CR3T3X3C
<Content>NOT 5 star, Horrible service, Unbelievably expensive I just got back from the Eurostars Grand Marina Hotel and I am very relieved to be back home. I was in Barcelona for a large conference and I was eagerly looking forward to a stay in this 5 Star GRAND LUXE property. I had stayed there for a couple of days back when it was brand new and it was pretty nice then.  Boy was I disappointed! The prices had shot up to absolutely unconscionable levels and the property is now showing its age with shabby dings and dents on the furniture, nasty muddy stains on beige bedroom carpets etc. This is definitely not a 5 star grand luxe property in any way, shape or form. It's facilities are a generic, trendy restaurant and a lobby. No spa, no amazing pool, no choice of bars. In short, a generic, modern 4 star business hotel. If you compare this to even a 4 star hotel in say, Singapore or Hong Kong, you will come away shaking your head in disbelief.If the blah facilities were the only issue, I would have ranked this place a neutral/average --after all I have stayed in FAR worse in Europe but it was in the area of the absolutely uncaring and snotty service that I think moved it's rating one step above terrible. The heating was turned on full blast at night, for example, and when I complained that I needed some cooling in my room, the lady at the service desk said that I should just open the window.... OK... except that there was a 110 decible Telecom Rock Extravaganza put on by some company in the courtyward ! I just sweltered until 1AM when the rock music finally stopped blaring. The next night, I had to put up with hammers and machine tools being used to take apart the rock stage from midnight to 2AM. The management took a who cares, this situation can't be helped attitude! While this is understandable for an IBIS or MOTEL 6 type place, it is ludicrous treatment when one has paid EUR 900 / night (they jack up the rates during the GSM conference). I don't know about you but at this kind of price, I expect very courteous and responsive treatment, not some kind of insulting manana maybe shrugging. I don't care if there's a conference going on: if you can't take feed your guests even tuna, don't charge them caviar prices! The Eurostars Grand Marina Hotel, I am afraid, is a bit of a dud. Greed, apathy and rudeness characterized my stay there. Save your money, nerves and aggravation and consider staying elsewhere. Certainly for the money I paid, I received probably the worst price/performance ratio in terms of quality of stay of my entire working life.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>TherealDC
<Content>Terrible Service  We booked a long weekend at the Grand Marina and on arrival were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the rooms. Very modern with a seperate lounge area and comfortable. The rooms were spacious and everything was fine. The problems started when we went to check out on the final day. We had a flight booked at 8pm on the Sunday and so, wanting to enjoy our final day in the city, checked out and left our bags with the concierge. He presented us with a ticket for the bags and off we went for lunch. On our return, we presented the ticket and expected to get our bag. The concierge could not find our bag and a phonecall soon after confirmed that a gentleman at Barcelona airport had found our bag in the boot of his taxi when he got to the airport. The only option had been for him to ask the taxi driver to return the case to the hotel. Honesty in Barcelona is not a strong quality and the bag had never arrived back at the Grand Marina. We were getting nowhere with the management of the hotel who clearly did not care and so that we did not miss our flight, we left for the airport empty handed with the promise of an explaination from the manager the following day.Back in the UK we made a claim with our insurers but needed to get confirmation from the hotel of the events that took place. We made call after call to the hotel who would never allow me to speak with the manager. I emailed the hotel asking for confirmation and again received nothing. All in all the service after the loss, for which they were responsible was awful. In the end, I managed to get a friend who was working in Barcelona to visit the hotel in person and stand over the manager whilst he wrote an email confirming events. If I had not had this friend do this, I would never have got the claim through.In summary, whilst the hotel is well positioned and the rooms are lovely, the service and attitude of the staff and management is appalling.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>1	4	5	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>Terry70
<Content>Not a 5 Star Hotel This is the first time I have ever posted a review, but I have to share my experiences of staying at this hotel with others so you don't experience the difficulties we encountered.I normally write off bad reviews I read as whinging hard to please pedants, but this is written in the hope that it is helpful information for anyone seeking to book a quality hotel in Barcelona.I booked a late long weekend break at the end of January and booked two rooms for 3 nights at the Grand Marina. There were actually 5 of us staying including my 3 children (youngest is 9), but the website - similar to most - couldn't cope with booking a family of 5. I therefore called the hotel after booking and explained that there was an additional child and I was happy to pay the extra charge involved. I would have booked direct with the hotel but their website does not feature their telephone number (!) and would not accept an e-mail. When we arrived late on Friday our rooms were not interconnecting, even though the hotel was almost empty and interconnecting rooms must have been available. On the Saturday I decided to check exactly how much they were adding onto the Bill for my 'extra' child so I had no nasty surprises at checkout. It worked out twice what I was paying as an adult. I queried this and the Duty Manager agreed to a small reduction, but still I was paying more for an extra 'Z Bed' stuck in one of our rooms than for my own stay. This hotel definitely does not want kids. It's a business travellers hotel, as witnessed by the bizarrely expensive minibar prices only to be tolerated if on expenses. Please don't think I'm stingy - I don't mind paying for quality - but this is a 3 to 4 star hotel masquerading as 5 star because the building looks good. The pool was closed, the view was of cargo ships being unloaded (which continued noisily overnight) rather than the sea and the staff at reception were less helpful than a famous Torquay guest house. On checkout I asked whether they could advise what times the buses left for Gerona airport as my flight was at 10.30pm. I was made to feel like I was being a nuisance and was told that the last flight from that airport was 8.30pm so I should get a bus around 6.00pm. I checked my ticket and the flight was later as I thought, so we carried on without their uninformed guesswork. Comapre this to the last time I stayed in Barcelona, at the Neri Hotel (4 star not 5) where the staff printed out a bus timetable from the internet for me and could not have been more helpful. It was an appropriate end to a generally poor hotel experience. Thankfully Barcelona itself more than made up for the over-priced and under-delivering Grand Marina. My daughter did have her bag stolen in the city, but at least the thieves involved in that instance don't call themselves 5 star. If you're planning to stay in Barcelona, take it from me, there are much better 4 star hotels than the Grand Marina at around the same price or less - I'm only sorry we didn't stay in one.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	2	3	1	1	3	

<Author>Fazzaitken
<Content>Great hotel A really gorgeous hotel. Standard ooms are amazing, as are the suites. Brekfast was very delicious and lots of choice. Good location.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>123NY
<Content>Shady Hotel There were problems from the start. Upon arrival we were forced to upgrade or leave the hotel due to lack of rooms. A day later, the hotel's water supply cut off until 12 pm, this happened several times. The toilet had to be fixed about twice which is really annoying. There is black mold in the bathrooms and around the airconditioning. The pool is tiny and covered in black mold. The only positive thing this hotel can offer is space.The manager at the time was just bad, first initial J.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tonyspain18
<Content>Stunning room. We used the celebration break offer which included the upgrade room, bottle of Cava and chocolate dipped strawberries. The window in the room overlooked the port and was 50ft long!The hotel is smart but was a bit characterless, probably due to the lack of customers so soon after christmas, however the staff were very friendly and helpful. We used the restaurant which was high quality but expensive - and empty.The location is good, but the long entrance to the front of the hotel makes a stroll to Las Rambles quite long. On the negative side, the pictures are misleading as most of the building is the World Trade Ctr and not the hotel, and the front view is spoiled by the big pylon/tower in front, but this did not spoil it for us.I would recommend the hotel and hope to return next time I visit Barcelona.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Guy Brindle
<Content>Good hotel in an excellent tourist location I chose this hotel for a two night stay in Barcelona for quality and location at a good price. At around 拢125 per night it offered great value.The hotel itself is classy and modern, rooms well furnished and services as you would expect. We did not eat at the hotel so can't comment on that, and we did not experience poor service or stuffy staff.One specific area of excellence was a great information desk on the first floor, complete with laptops and two people to advise on where to go, how to get there etc etc. Extremely useful and knowledgeable.Others commented on the noise from ferries. We saw two ferries and a cargo ship come in, but were not disturbed at all at night and this had little, if any, effect on our stay.For location, the hotel is 5 minutes walk from the bottom of Las Ramblas. This also means many bars and restaurants are within walking distance and there are many more just a short taxi journey away. The nearest Metro is 5 mins walk at the bottom of Las Ramblas. It's in a great spot for seeing the sights of the city.In summary, a very comfortable hotel in an excellent location.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Porthos80
<Content>I love this hotel We stayed here for one night at the beginning of December and were very impressed. The room was large, well decorated with a lovely bathroom. The breakfast was very good and it was lovely and quiet at night. The view from the room was fabulous too, we loved being able to see the entire harbour. We ate in the hotel bar once and the food was very nice although nor stunning.All in all this place is lovely and I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Everton
<Content>Better than suggested - but could do better, nonetheless There were no cruise liners or ferries moored up against this impressive hotel when I and 20 of my staff turned up for our Christmas party. The resultant peace and quiet, therefore, seems considerably at odds with other reviewers' experiences.That said, we found the hotel altogether friendlier and smarter than some would have you believe, too. Live jazz over breakfast was a particularly nice touch.Sure, there are small bits of housekeeping that could be improved upon and a few glaring design faults - such as the gap in the ineffectual shower doors - that make you think 'maybe it's four and a half stars, not five'. But if you're not a professional nit-picker then this place is cracking value for money, in an outstanding location and with a rooftop terrace and pool that offer stunning views up and down the harbour. My room was the size of Birkenhead, though I took it as compensation for the absence of any view. Others in my party fared somewhat better on that front so it's well worth specifying harbour views when you book.The meeting room for our annual conference was smart and set out as required and the beds were delightfully firm. I slept like a log and will definitely return. My team gave it a major thumbs-up, too.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>coastalrides
<Content>My nightmare at the Eurostars In my opinion this hotel was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The hotel itself was Ok but the carpets in the walkways were filthy, the reception was draughty and unwelcoming, the staff were rude and arrogant. We ordered room service with English tea with milk and grilled slamon, the tea arrived with no milk and the salmon was raw and cold. (I was told this was normal in Spain)On the second day I realised that I had a pot of Estee Lauder foundation missing from my dressing table, I reported this and nothing was done, it took a further 2 emails and two phone calls before I had a reply to say that I should have kept all items in the safe. I was shocked as the safe was only small, would you expect to keep coats and makeup in the safe. This has never happened to me before., all they offered was a free upgrade to a better room next time we stayed but they would have to pay me to get me to stay there again. I am not the complaining type but this really shocked me.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	5	2	1	-1	4	

<Author>mgsh
<Content>If you want a good nights sleep do not stay here This is not a 5 star hotel more like a 4 star. The staff are brilliant but the building though reasonably new is starting to fall appart through neglect.Check-in was fine as were all the staff encountered but the room was below 3 star as to maintenance. All facilities were there LCD tv, mini-bar, power shower, whirlpool bath the list goes on.But the maintenance of these was none existant.Cheap laminate flooring was starting to lift leaving sharp edges to catch your feet on, the shower door failed to close as it was coming away from the wall so massive amounts of water covered the bathroom (remember it is a power shower).The Patio doors on the minute balcony refused to close or lock.The noise from the cruise liner outside our room until the early hours precluded any sleep, not that that was possible as the mattress and the pillow appeared to be made of some stone substitute. Even with the pillow menu a restful night was impossible.The general air of the hotel, as with the World Trade Centre complex is a little unloved which concidering its age is surprising.I could not in fairness not recommend the hotel, I may just have been unlucky, but for the money any other hotel in Barcelona would be better value. The possition of the hotel is great, near the city but not too near, easy level walks to all sites. Tourist bus stop outside the door and the ever attentive staff are all plus points. But oh the bed and the noise! And the appearant lack of any maintenance in room 751.Not recommended to people with a back, good hearing or thoughs who wish to wash beyond that it is a very nice expencive and convenient hotel in which to stay.We had booked three nights but checked out after the first..  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Daz-m
<Content>Great views but stuffy staff This hotel is not a 5 star hotel ! The prices are but the rooms and amenities are not. Some people may not split hairs but I would rate this a good 4 star hotel. Its not refined enough for a 5 star hotel in my own humble opinion. Check in was great and easy and the rooms were modern and bright with plenty of wood, sliding doors and mirrors. LCD TV but no music at all unless you pay for it. The whirlpool bath worked though not grand enough to be a feature. The mini bar was well stocked but the prices !! don't go there.Carefull in the bar, the prices are not cheap, perhaps to be expected in a 5 star hotel. Three single malts in the bar cost me 66 Euros ! more that the price of the bottle, yes I expect a large mark up in any hotel but come on.The views were great but you are are bang smack in the middle of a working and busy port, I imagine its noisy in the summer with windows open but when we were there it was a gentle hum in the background. Quite pleasant I thought and would not stop me going again.The staff walk about in dark suits and ear pieces, you think you have just walked into a security guard conference or an american presidential stop over. They are very formal, too formal in fact, someone ought to teach them how to smile and relax and be natural when dealing with their customers rather than impersonate someone with a serious case of piles.Breakfasts were great, they couldn't be faulted but in all honesty a 5 minute walk up La Ramblas takes you to the most amazing food market with about 3 superb tapas bars, their breakfasts whilst not as elegant will be fresher, tastier and a more authentic taste of Barcelona that anything a five star hotel could offer. But then I suppose most people staying in this hotel would probably find a 5 minute walk too much of an inconvenience to get breakfast.Room service was really quite good, polite and fast with a great selection.Checkout was a nightmare, there was internet access on the bill we didn't use, and before they would allow us to settle up the bill they had a member of staff check our departed room for a tapas book from the bar that we had borrowed the previous evening. Rather than take it back we left it in the room, not a big deal but I think they thought we were going to steal it, but they wouldn't say as much. Of course it was in the room but I'm well presented with good clothes a good watch and the right age to not be viewed with suspicion by staff at check out time.Would I stay there again? No probably not, not really because of any of the bad points mentioned, there were enough good to balance them all out, but in my mind I've stayed in far better places and life is to short to revisit a place in which your senses were not set alight.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	5	3	2	

<Author>LisaPRollypin
<Content>Noisy Hotel The bar on the veranda 5th floor, was not up and running however the bar man laid on free fresh fruit to compensate it was a gorgeous display everyday.Ordered a massage via hotel, they came on a Sunday which was really nice. It is quite a walk from anywhere, the cable cars were just outside, but the wind meant they were not in use for easy drop off to the beach as usual. The red bus stops right outside.The staff were extremely nice, the breakfast under the orange trees was excellent. However very noisy hotel, the cruise ships are constantly in and out of the marina at all times of day and night. We did not get a balcony room, although paid quite a lot of money.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	2	5	3	4	5	

<Author>YorkMark
<Content>Fantastic Hotel My wife and I stayed 3 nights in this hotel in November and have to say that it was sheer luxury. The service was fantastic from the moment we arrived until we left. We paid for the celebration package which included breakfast, and what a breakfast it was. There was everything from Champagne and strawberries to cooked meats and pancakes and syrup. The hotel is in an excellent location just 5 minutes walk from the bottom of La Ramblas. The Port shopping complex is only 5 minutes away and the Barcelona Tour Bus goes from right outside the hotel. There is also a taxi rank next to the hotel. Cruise liners did moor up outside our room but we slept with the window open and they did not disturb us at all. The best restarant we found was Les Quinze Nity in Placa Reial. It opens at 8.30 and you will have to queue but I assure you it is well worth it. The quality of the food and service is 5 star and the prices so cheap. Can't wait to go back to Barcelona.Mark, York, England  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jteegar
<Content>Great Hotel A girlfried and I stayed in the hotel before leaving on a cruise the next day Friday. Although we arrived at the hotel earlier than check in time, the staff accomodated our request and we were immediately shown to a room (when I booked I did request early check in and wasn't disappointed). Our room overlooked the main entrance to the hotel with a balcony so we had a view of the city (La Ramblas) and the water. The jacuzzi tub was wonderful especially after a long flight from California. We did have some minor problem with the electrical, using a universal converter for a flat iron (straightener) which went poof as the engineer put it (that actually became the joke of the trip). The staff was wonderful even allowing us to stay later than the usual check out time because of the electrical problem which they fixed immediately. We were too tired to go outside the hotel for dinner so ate in the beautiful bar area, a little pricey but found Europe in general pricey because of the exchange rate. This was a great way to start our vacation and were very happy we chose this hotel for our first night. I would recommend this hotel with 5 stars, worth every penny and loved the choice of pillows, I had 4 different ones and enjoyed the concept.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>marksw
<Content>Fantastic Hotel, Brilliant staff, let down by NOISE On Arriving it was a relief to arrive to some normality from staying in Paris for two nights, the staff were faultless from start to finish, the room, which i paid extra to upgrade on arrival, was fantastic, nice dark wood floor, great bathroom, travertine tiles, spa bath, the bedroom was brilliant, pillow menu, kingsize bed and 180degree views of the harbour, however the view was the let down, 5am a ferry docked up right outside my window, to be honest it would have been everyone on that side's window as it was so big, cue a very loud PA speaker for 15 mins, followed by men hitting metal on metal for i have no idea what reason, all in all a great stay completley ruined, if i had any heavy inate objects i would have thrown them at said chaps with hammers or whatever it was they were so carelessly using.i would have given this hotel a 4 or 5 rating but the noise really did ruin everything, it's totally without justification for a hotel of this price and class to sell someone a room knowing that at 5am there will be noise that literally no one could sleep through, earplugs and double-tripple glazing couldn't have drowned it out. that being said, do stay here, but make sure that if you do, as you look at the hotel from the front, only stay on the left hand side looking onto the city rather than the harbour, even then i think that PA will travel.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelProNewYork
<Content>Great hotel Stayed Grand Marine on Aug.24 for 1 night. As it was a special day for me, so I booked a liitle more higherend hotel as I usually book. As I work for travel industry, I know all good and bad. After my thorough research and arriving this hotel, I was very happy with my choice. Very professional employees, very spacious room(we stayed primier room), very modern but not cheap interior,excellent breakfast, etc. We got a room for city view with terrace whcih we could enjoy nice Balcelona city night view. We arrived before check in time and our room was not ready, but they took us to their cefeteria which was also nice(we sat terrace) and being offered drink while we wait. Great location. Convenient to walk to main street. The only negative part was jacuzzi in our room was not working. But even with this negative part, I score 5 stars with the price compare to much more price other 5 star hotels charge.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>podlets
<Content>Fantastic staff, very freindly We have just returned from a very quick 2 day 1st Anniversary break at the Grand Marina, and both have very mixed feelings about this hotel, the staff are exceptionally freindly and helpfull, having arrived at Barcelona airport to find one piece of our luggage had not come with us was quite upsetting, and spending an extra 2 hours at the airport trying to track it down was really annoying but it seems to happen all the time, after receiving a reference number for the missing luggage off to the hotel, We had booked a romantic double room which lived up to expectations with Cava and chocolate covered strawberries waiting for us. The views from the room were amazing across the port,and we felt very happy to have found such a wonderful hotel, however not so amazing at 5.30am when the biggest passenger liner docks by the side of the hotel, with engines running, the noise was 2 say the least unbearable, and i'm a heavy sleeper!!! asked to move rooms for the next night as felt could not go through that again, staff very helpfull and seemed use to this complaint. We were moved to a room on the Trade Center side of the hotel, overlooking a concrete jungle but at least, had a good nights sleep. Breakfast amazing, drinks very pricey, the hotel is very central for walking to all that the city has to offer, tourist bus very handy to get on just outside hotel and a great way to see the city, and find your bearings. Nice roof- top sun-bathing area, pool very small but ok for a dip, the hotel was very quiet when we visited, not sure how relaxing it would be if busy. We had to be out of room at 12.00pm, but were still able to use pool facilities, showers etc to freshen up befor evening flight, which was a nice touch. Baggage arrived back in UK a day after we did, so must add that the shoping in Barcelona is quite good if you need to get essentials and something to wear if your unlucky like us for the airlines to loose your luggage.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Emmamac11
<Content>Excellant service My partner and i stayed in this hotel for one night and it exceeded our expectations. The room was more than a generous size and the staff could'nt be more helpful. I also phoned up the hotel before our arrival to upgrade to a romantic package, which for 50e got us a welcome drink in the bar, a bottle of champane in the room, chocolate covered strawberrys in the room and breakfast . This turned out to be extremly good value as we found out that if we'd wanted breakfast only in the morning it woud have been 30e each. I would highly recommend this hotel  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Alchemistry
<Content>Good But Not Great This is the case of a hotel that is disappointing simply because it has been awarded the 5 star GL status. Otherwise, it is a sleek, modern, comfortable hotel with the absolute best location in all of Barcelona. The entire staff speaks English and is very polite. In brief, everything spot on. But, simply not the level of a 5 star hotel. Nowhere is the price paid for this hotel justified. And that is quite unfortunate. It has made this hotel one to go to solely if you are a business traveler or someone that needs an overnight stay near the harbor to catch your cruise ship.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>nettyli
<Content>Stolen iPod Nano, but OK besides that Biggest problem: our iPod Nano was stolen from our rucksack, most likely by hotel staff. We checked out at 12pm, and left our bags in their storage, since our flight was not until 10pm. After sight seeing, we collected our bags and went straight to the airport, in a taxi, with the rucksack at our feet. After check in, (we had no check in luggage) we realised the iPod was missing. We've since contacted the hotel, but they say they cannot find it, and have no idea. I remember packing the iPod into the top pocket of the bag, and it had been in the hotel's care between the time we checked out of the hotel, to the time we were at the airport. There was no way it was stolen while at the airport as i was carrying the bag infront of me.Gym: great equipment and range of weights; better than most hotel gyms. However, the air con was not on high, so it got really hot. Plus, they played the same music everyday, and it was very slow and mellow, totally unsuitable for a workout.Pool: SmallLobby Lounge: great tapas, especially the seafood. The best meal of our trip. Cost about 100 euros for about 7 tapas and wine, and coffeeRoom: great little touch of a choice of pillows to choose from, all named after old hollywood actresses.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Ezis
<Content>Great view if you get it We had great 4 nights here. Room was spacious and comfortable and breakfast buffet quite good. I can recomend restaurant for diner as well - meal was really delicious.At check-in we asked for room with seaview and got it! View on sea and Barcelona was really great.But if reading about pool you expect swimming forget it - that's too small. And if you have champagne in minibar you expect at least wine glases in the room. Here were only for whisky.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Hannebene
<Content>Perfect when visiting Barcelona in summer My husband and I were looking forwards to our first visit to Barcelona this summer and decided to stay at the Grand Marina Hotel due to its location near the beach, the swimming pool and the great reviews on tripadvisor.com! And we were not disappointed, the service was excellent and when we asked to get a room with a balcony as the first room we got did not have one, they were very accommodating and a room with a balcony was provided! The breakfast buffet was fantastic and even though it was not included we ended up eating there almost every day. The hotel is not far from Las Ramblas and a subway station. In addition it is only a ten fifteen minute walk to the beach. We ended up spending a lot of time on the beach, and as such only enjoyed the pool of the hotel one day. I must say this about the pool, it really is very very small, but very nice.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Cabriolet
<Content>Ultra Modern Hotel We stayed at this hotel for a 5 night break. We wanted a 5 star hotel and that is exactly what we got. From the minute you walk into the Reception the staff are there to look after you. Every single member of staff spoke english from the girls who tidied our room every day to the waiting staff. We arrived at the hotel at 11.30 a.m. we were taken to the first floor lounge, served two glasses of champagne and within 20 mins. the girl who checked us in brought us to our room (our luggage was waiting for us). The room was spectacular and the views were breathtaking. I have read previous comments of ships docking and distrubing peoples sleep etc. and I am a light sleeper! but this did not distrurb me.The breakfast is wonderful with the choice of sitting outside or inside. There is a wonderful choice and everybody is catered for.The only downside I would see to this hotel is that it is definitely geared more towards the business traveller, being in the world trade centre it attracts a lot of business class visitors. In saying that it did not bother us, but if you are looking for a hotel with character, charm etc. I dont think this is for you. It is ultra modern and ultra chic and unfortunately, the two do not go hand in hand.One word of warning, there are a lot of homeless people just outside the hotel and I found this quiet scary at times. There is a lovely park outside the front of the hotel and these poor unfortuantes camp there for the night. It is worth taking a taxi at night as some areas of barcelona can be quiet seedy.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>1stHoneymoon
<Content>Honeymoon We stayed at this hotel for one night. We had planned a cruise that was leaving Saturday afternoon, and we wanted to stay in the area. The hotel was clean and the staff was nice! The rooms were a bit small and the beds were very hard, but they were nicely decorated and clean. There was a TV in the room, but nothing in English. There were places to eat around the hotel and there were a lot of beautiful buildings and churches within walking distance. This was next to a shopping area and we had enough entertainment for a full day of walking around the area. We checked out and they called a taxi for us to get to the cruise line...less than a 5 minute ride and $10.00. We would stay in the hotel again in a heart beat!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>k3lvc
<Content>Great hotel but not without it's (bad) surprises Having stayed in Barcelona a number of times decided to treat myself to the Grand Marina - brilliant location, brilliant views over the harbour/Mare Magnum and good sized rooms with equally good sized and well equipped bathroom.All was well until 1.30am when a ferry proceeded to moor outside the window of my room and then leave it's engine running all night (and through to 17:00 the next day when I left).No amount of double glazing was going to stop the noise but on a 5* hotel I'd expect at least a warning to be prepared for noise.Not surprisingly no response to a complaint (both in person at departure and in writing) hence time to make others aware so that they book well aware of potential issues.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	4	5	1	

<Author>ERICKERNESTO
<Content>the hotel don't allow parent with two children I just arrived today 7/25/07 the place look nice but I have been around the world and I never have seen unprofessional director like Jose Maria barren that he said that he was the director but I think that he doesn鈥檛 has any education, I make a reservation with five star alliance two junior suite for my brother and my family when I get to the hotel after 14 hour of airplane trip I went to the from desk to do the check in and the from desk Alexis Barcel贸 told me that the hotel doesn鈥檛 allow parent with two child, I though I can believe it I came with my wife, my daughter one years and my son 6 years, I never have his problems in any other hotel, I have been hotel Danieli in Venice, hotel crillon and Athena in Paris, mandarin Oriental London,Bermudas,NY,Chicago,Praga and much more and I never have no problem then there was a person Jose Maria barran that get into the conversation without any presentation very unprofessional and I told him that his hotel doesn鈥檛 has good service and he told screaming me he out from my house, go to hell and my only answer to him was if he was the owner of that place he doesn鈥檛 treat a customer like that ,thank god I just came to majestic hotel and I got a reservation very nice ,more beautiful better attention and care of the customer.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	5	5	5	1	1	5	

<Author>marrianne
<Content>fantastic hotel my husband and i have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Grand hotel barcelona and i have to say what a wonderful time we had.The room we were given had the most wonderful views of barcelona and the Mare magnum couldn't have been better.We stayed there for our aniversary and booked a celebration package upgraded room breakfast( one of the best hotel breakfasts we have ever had) champagne and chocolate dipped strawberries.We found every member of staff to be very friendly and attentive and we will be heading straight there next time we visit barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>prcwood
<Content>Great Hotel Beautiful rooms, great view, nice bar, lovely location (but not right in the centre - close enouh to walk to many restaurants, bars etc)Only grumble would be the food - very limited choice in the restaurant, the tapas in the bar was great but far too expensive for what you get - much better walking 5 minutes to a nice restaurant on the marina for half the price.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SomersetBoy
<Content>To be honest we were disappointed I have to say that our stay at the Eurostars Grand Marina Hotel in Barcelona was disappointing. Our summer break this year consisted of a number of short european destination breaks all strung together. We began in Amsterdam for 3 days - moved on to Milan/Lake Garda for 4 days - Barcelona for 4 days and finished off in Dublin for 3 days.Amsterdam was primarily an excuse to see Genesis - great concert incidently - we stayed at the ACH Leidse Square Hotel - a 3 star hotel - reasonable daily rate at about 拢85 per night - room was small but I've read other reports about this hotel were guests say their room was large - our room was fine for us - it was what we were expecting. Lake Garda was to die for - we stayed in the Hotel Continental, Sirmione - a 4 star hotel - we were upgraded to a junior suite - daily rate approx 拢131 - every thing about this hotel was just perfect - location could not be bettered - beautiful views - our own sun terrace situated right on the edge of the lake and a lovely pool - the grounds were maintained immaculately and all the staff were frindly and helpful. I would thoroughly recommend this hotel to all trip advisors - I will return to this hotel and this is very unusual for me as my normal stance is that there are so many locations in the world to visit that I can't afford to visit the same place twice - for Sirmione and The Continental Hotel I will make an exception.You can imagine our building expectation when moving on from Sirmione to Eurostars Grand Marina Hotel in Barcelona - this was a 5 star hotel and the most expensive of the 4 hotels we were to stay in - approx daily rate 拢154. However, expectation was not to be matched by what we actually received. The hotel is advertised as a 'luxury hotel' and I'm sure there are some rooms that fall into that category but our rooms were the cheapest available in the hotel and as such tend to be the rooms do not warrant the tag 'luxury'. We were given a room that was smaller than our 3 star hotel in Amstedam - there was only one chair in the room - the second person in the room would either have to sit on the bed or use the desk chair - walls were very badly marked - floors were very badly scratched - these were the only rooms in the hotel that did not have a balcony and the view was off the boat terminal roof - we were so disappointed - we did complain and to be fair they did move us immediately to a bigger room with a balcony (I'm not sure whether this was an upgrade or just a better room within our grade of room - I expect it was an upgrade). Unfortunately the spa bath didn't work in this room - I asked reception everyday for 3 days if they could fix it with no success - the day before we were due to leave the maintencance engineer visited whilst we were out to try and fix the problem - unfortunately without success - how did we know that the maintenance engineer had paid us a visit? - he had forgetten to put the the bath panel back. I hate complaning, it is not something that i want to spend my holiday doing - however I was so disappointed I did speak to the reception staff - I managed to negotiate the waiving of our roomservice charge (鈧?0 - well better than nothing) - but the point is that you go on hoilday to relax not complain and argue with the very people that you hope are going to help you unwind. The common areas of the hotel were delightful although I thought the restaurant had all the charm and ambiance of a large staff canteen. Swimming pool was very small and probably best left to the serial sunbathers. We left the Eurostars Grand Marina Hotel feling short changed - would definately not return.It rained in Dublin and it rained. We booked the Stay Dublin Apartments to try and economise after Barcelona - mind you they were still approx - 拢115 per night - I think these apartments are aimed at the many hen and stag night groups - where several dozen can share a few apartments - it was expensive for just the two of us - I think in my student days I would have enjoyed the Apartments - unfortunately those days are long gone.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>faithscott
<Content>Grand My partner and i stayed in the hotel over the christmas period of 2006. We can truly say that we had a most enjoyable stay and would recommend this hotel to anyoneWe found the staff at reception to be extremley helpful and professional. We were very happy with our spacious and comfertable junior suite over looking the harbour.After a thoroughly enjoyable evening in Las Rambles  the Old Town we made our way to the bar for our complimentary drinks. We arrived 30 minutes before the bar was supposed to close only to be told the bar were shut and no more drinks were being served. After phoning reception to complain we recieved a complementary bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberrys from Daniel the night porter. We thought this was a fantastic touch and Daniel was most helpful with advice in regards to local attractions.Overall we would recommend this hotel to anyone. The rooms are gorgeous and luxurious! The beds were extremely comfortable and the location is ideal for city centre sightseeing! From the momonet we arrived i felt we recieved the full 5* treatment!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Crystal007
<Content>Ideal We found the hotel to be very good overall. Staff friendly and attentive.Room was excellent overlooking the inner harbour and as we were on the 7th floor, we did not experience too much noise etc from the cruise ships and ferries. However a room overlooking the Trade Centre would probably have put a completely different slant on things.Breakfast was excellent with just about most things you could want and as it is buffet style, you simply have as much as you want from a very comprehensive choice.Other than breakfast we did not eat in the hotel, preferring to explore the city. The evening menu did not look particularly exciting in terms of choice but neither was it that expensive. Probably similar prices to many of the restaurants in the city.It is not too far a walk to Las Ramblas, the centre of much of the city's evening activity with the benefit of when you get back to the hotel, you are away from all the hustle, bustle and noise of the city.We would definitley stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rothsberg
<Content>Great Hotel This is a great hotel, if you want modern style as apposed to old world charm. The rooms, mine 538 was a deluxe and enormous, had a dressing room 12 feet of windows looking over the port and city.LCD tv marble bathroooms and great cleaniliness and quality.Most of all the breakfast is enormous, every food you can imagine.Only downfall is that its not in the city centre, but hey nothing a 20 minute walk wont fix.Well worth the money if you get a deluxe room with breakfast included.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	3	4	1	

<Author>TravelsRB
<Content>5 Star *****       Beautiful Bedroom  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hotelie01
<Content>A few days at the Grand Marina This is my second stay at the Eurostars Grand Marina Hotel. I have stayed in two other hotels in Barcelona, but I still prefer the Eurostars Grand Marina Hotel, because the rooms are very clean and comfortable. Modern decor.At first the hotel appears very grand and impressive, but I have to say that for a 5 star hotel, it was not entirely what I expected. Overall, I enjoyed my stay, but certain things could have been better.LOCATIONThe hotel is right by the Mediterranean Sea. Not many rooms get a full view of the sea. However, it is ideally located near the Barcelonetta restaurant area as well as the famous Las Ramblas street. Definitely convenient for visiting the tourist destinations as well as restaurants. In fact, the Bus Turistic stop is just right outside the hotel entrance.FOODBarcelona has so many great restaurants that I never ate at the hotel. As such, I have no comment on this subject.SERVICEThe service is not bad at all. But to be honest, for a 5 star establishment, the service could be pushed to an even higher standard. Many times I would ask the concierge to help with my dinner reservations. And many times they were not able to help me because they could not find the phone number on the internet or because they could not get through to the restaurant. I would expect a 5 star hotel to get my reservation taken care of, no matter what. CLEANLINESSThe hotel is VERY clean and comfortable.ROOM  AMENITIESThe room is very spacious and the amenities are complete. It is exactly what you would expect of a 5 star hotel.PARKING  INTERNETThere is free wireless internet by the concierge desk. Parking is available for a fee in the communal parking lot (shared with the World Trade Center).  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>GeGa
<Content>Frostbite in July!!! Stayed here for one night in July, during the Fashion week in Barcelona - place full of very fashion conscious people!! I rate it with a '3' here because, for a 5 Star hotel it was just average.On presenting ourselves at reception we knew we were in a 'cool' hotel - thanks to the frosty reception we received. In fact it was more than frosty it was aggressive. When we eventually got to the room (having had to endure the endless telephone conversations of our particular receptionist) we were pleased with the room. It faced the city and was well laid out and the balcony was a pleasant space to stand and watch the world go by. I have stayed in a number of 5 Star hotels and the mini-bar is usually very expensive but this one was outrageous - a litre of water would set you back 鈧?2 (33cl. bottles for 鈧?) a mars bar for 鈧?.5 - simply crazy, when asked at check-out if I had taken anything from the mini-bar, all I could do was smile and shake my head. The bar area is so huge it lacks any personality whatever. The staff there so cool they were almost frozen! The prices, however, were enough to burn a hole in a wallet. Would I stay here again - highly unlikely, I can do without frostbite in July!!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	1	-1	-1	

<Author>b2dac
<Content>Ideal location and good service but no atmosphere This hotel was ideally located for us on a four day family first visit to Barcelona. The tourist bus stops outside; as does the cross-harbour cable car. There were always plenty of taxis. The bedroom was excellent. The staff were friendly and helpful.We were lucky to have a room facing the city and inner harbour otherwise we would have been looking out on the courtyard of the World Trade Centre which would not have been inspiring. The downside of the port view was the noise of the docked ships until quite late at night when they seemed to depart.The hotel does lack atmosphere. It could just as easily be a modern office complex. The bar food menu is very limited and over-priced. The breakfast buffet was fine but I've had better in 4* and some 3* hotels. It's the first hotel I've ever stayed in that couldn't respond to a request for ice cream!Having said all that, we enjoyed our stay, and would probably go back.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Sisemen
<Content>It's the business I stayed at this hotel with my husband who was on a business trip.It looks very central, but is actually quite a walk from the cafes bars and shops (circa 1 mile) as you have to go along a long promenade before getting to the harbourside.Good points:Our room was very clean and tidy with a great bathroom. It's very quiet at the hotel, even with functions taking place. They have a nice open-plan bar area.Room service is excellent - very quick, courteous and reasonable.The staff are all highly professional and nice-mannered.The breakfast buffet is comprehensibly excellent - whatever you like, you will find it is available. And they provide international copies of newspapers if you fancy a read over your croissant.Downsides:The pool and gym area were a little disappointing for this class of hotel. The outside pool was closed while we were there, but is tiny anyway. There is a jacuzzi, but as it's in the gym equipment area, it's not exactly the most relaxing place to lounge. The gym is pretty good and well-equipped.There is little atmosphere and you're in the middle of a 'dead' business plaza with quite a walk to a good tapas bar.Generally, I recommend dinner at Botafumeira which was quite frankly superb.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>czaway
<Content>Great Rooms Having stayed at the Arts for the last couple of visits was a little bit anxious as to how the Grand Marina would compare. We had a 2 bed executive suite which was less than the cost of an excutive room at the Arts. Decor and facilities were excellent as was the hotel restaurant where the staff accomodated us ( 3 adults plus 4 kids) perfectly. Staff were all very helpful. I would agree that the place is somewhat souless but as a family with young children the positives about the room facilities etc. far outweighed this. If I was travelling as a couple would stay at the Arts but as a family the Grand Marina was fine. A bit of noise from the ferries and port but overall a good experience and will book again  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>reb2mindspring_123
<Content>Modern elegance ,excellent location I just returned from two weekend visits to this elegant hotel. The stays were 2-3 nights both before and after a mediterranean cruise. First let me say that having never been to Barcelona before I made and canceled three other hotel reservations. I am very glad I finally settled on the Grand Marina. From the name it is clear that its convenience to the cruise ship pier is perfect. The location is wonderful in other ways. While it is within walking distance to attractions such as the fascinating Las Ramblas it is also in a quieter area near the waterfront and not as congested in terms of traffic and noise as some other hotels. For me this was a great plus. The hotel is cutting edge modern. The lobby and dining areas are open and airy. Our room was spacious and had a spectacular bathroom. I will say that the AC was not as effective as we would have liked. There were a couple of service glitches, that is the only non perfect element.Misplaced bags, failure to repair AC,but always polite and concerned. Everything was very expensive but I would definitely return.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>monkeynonk
<Content>Handy for the Port We stayed here for one night prior to joining a cruise in Barcelona. We landed at the airport at about 9.30pm, and were clear of customs and reunited with uor luggage by about 9.55pm. We took a taxi to the hotel and were in the room by 10.15pm. Checkin was swift. Room was very very big. No balcony, but a 40 feet (about 11m) long window with fantastic views over parts of barcelona, the port, and the med. We were within easy walking ditance of the Ramblas so went for late nght tapas which was easily found. On returning to the hotel we tried the bar which was large and very pleasant, but quiet. The next morning there was a cruise ship parked right outside of our window! (which was a bit of a surprise!). If we had been going on that particular ship the terminal would have been right next to the hotel. Instead, we were a short ride away in the hotel car. It would have been walkable (and we did walk on the return leg) but it takes about 30 minutes over a very large bridge. The hotel is everything you would expect of a good 5* hotel. Cant really be faulted.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Yatesy77
<Content>Very nice and reliable hotel Very nice, reliable, sophisticated, clean, safe and comfortable hotel. It's newness is probably why it is clean and pristine. Would recommend the hotel to visitors to the city. The location is good, just 200 yards from the sea end of La Rambla. As it is at the end of a pier it is also quiet as it is away from the traffic and the crowds.Regarding rooms - ask for one that looks out on to the city - the views are fantastic. The rooms on the other side of the hotel overlooks a courtyard and do not have as nice a view. If you lare looking for a hotel that is classical, themed and with plenty of soul then this is not the place for you. It is only for this reason that I would rate the hotel a 4.5*  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LondonMinnie
<Content>Great Hotel - what a treat to have stayed here!! We stayed at this hotel for three nights in May 2007  had an amazing time. The hotel is very swanky, polished and modern. We don't agree with the other reviews which state that the hotel lacked soul or character at all.The hotel has great state of the art amenties, gym, jacuqqi, sauna, Roof top terrace, lobby bar, etc....... The only negative is that the pool is really very small (almost child paddeling pool size!)Our view for our 7th floor room was out of this world!!! - We had a panaramic view of Barcelona city, and the harbour. Yes big ships did often dock outside but this just added to the character and atmosphere of the marina. The colouful Rambles is a 5 min stroll away  the tourist bus stops right outside he hotel. All in all we had a wonderful stay in Barcelona and this hotel and the staff helped in making our trip even more special. We would definately stay here again and strongly recomend this delightful hotel.  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>holstrav
<Content>Excellent Hotel       Bedroom  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rikkelly
<Content>Barcelona's best hotel option Having slated the America Hotel last year and having confessed to only having posted one bad review I thought I would try to clear my conscience and give my fellow travellers some positive reviews.Barcelona is a city close to my heart. My family are half English and half Spanish and the Spanish side live in and around Barcelona. Therefore it is a city I know very well and have seen both the good and the bad. The hotel Gran Marina definitely gets a mention in the good box.Its first positive feature is its location. Those who do not know Barcelona might very well think, looking at a map, that the hotel lies a little out of the action; but they would be wrong. The hotel is no more than a 5-10 minute (very pleasant) stroll from the beginning of Ramblas. Having stayed in many hotels I can say hand on heart that I enjoy approaching the city from the direction of the sea in the morning considerably more than walking out of my hotel directly into the throng.The hotel itself is unashamedly modern, albeit not minimalist. The reception desk gives a misleading impression of what lies beyond and is probably the most minamalist area in the hotel. It is expansive, quite cold and not particularly welcoming. On reflection it is probably the hotel's least well thought-out and therefore least endering feature. The staff, however, have always amply made up for this. Multilingual, helpful and charming I have never had cause for complaint on any of my stays. In fact, they have often gone out of their way if there has been a problem.The rooms are quite varied, but as a rule of thumb there are two things I would always advise. Firstly, ask fo a room which faces onto the rear courtyard. Whilst it is tempting to think that rooms at the front of the hotel look out to the city you can actually see very little bar the approach road that links the shore to the island upon which the hotel is built. The rooms to the rear have two advantages. Firstly they tend to be quieter, secondly many of the deluxe rooms have balconies looking into the courtyard. That leads me to my second tip; go for at least a deluxe room but never a suite. The deluxe rooms are worth the extra money, the suites are nothing more than two junior suites connected by interconnecting doors (and, unless there's four of you or you've had a falling out with your billionaire wife, what's the point of that?).The pool area at the top of the hotel gives excellent views over the sea, harbour and the city. Whilst the pool is small (but I don't think any smaller than many hotels in its class - ie the Claris) the roof area generally has a lovely feel to it. I think this is to do with the fact that you are sufficiently removed from the city to have a degree of tranquility and the fact that there is water all around. In the evening it does not, however, have the charm or the romance of the Claris roof terrace. On the first floor, however, there is a bar in an interior courtyard accessed by a bridge over a shallow pool that is, whilst no more than a modernist box, quite charming. Even so, I would not advise a romantic evening here; possibly just a cocktail before hitting the city.I have never eaten in the restaurant, but then again why would you? Barcelona has a fantastic array of restaurants for all budgets and the Barcelonetta, which has some truly outstanding seafood/fish restaurants, is a only a short stroll along the harbour. I never understand any criticism of any hotel in Barcelona on the basis of its breakfast, lunch, dinner or lack thereof unless it is so far removed from the city as to make a short stroll to a cafe/bar/restaurant impossible.In short, this is a great hotel for those wanting to sample the delights of Barcleona in the comfort of a modern, but by no means soulless hotel.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>UKtraveller143
<Content>Served its purpose really well Stayed for three nights in early April 2007 in a Premier room overlooking the City, so a superb view from the small balcony. The hotel is certainly modern and perhaps appears a bit focused on the business traveller, but we also found it very well appointed and comfortable. The room was modern and well equiped, The young staff were all excellent - very friendly, efficient and happy to help. The location we thought was great - OK it's a ten minute walk to the bottom of Las Ramblas, but once you have been there for a promenade up and down, you don't really need to do it again (in reality the best bits of Barcelona are slightly further afield) so you are going to be jumping into taxis anyway, and these were plentiful right outside the hotel entrance. Compared to some hotels we have stayed in in Barcelona the Grand Marina is very quiet, but be prepared for the rumble of the occasional ferry docking or departing from the marina. Overall, would definitely go back. But if you want a more quirky boutique hotel then this would be too high end corporate for you possibly.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brentstevens
<Content>Minimalist efficiency but no charm Stayed for 2 nights to attend a conference in the hotel.The position is not great given that it is by the water as it is a long walk to the main areas of interest.A large modern hotel with no charm whatsoever. Efficient staff and restaurant good. Room was not large but acceptable. Bathroom clean but bath plug broken. Otherwise all OK and lots of hot water.My room on 2nd floor was quite noisy.....glazing didn't seem to cut out the noise from the outside.Fine for a business stay but not really ideal for tourists. It has no local charm and could be anywhere in the world. It is expensive and there are other better placed hotels giving better value.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	4	4	2	

<Author>Holidayhound22
<Content>Great hotel We stayed at the Grand Marina for my 21st birthday. The rooms were fantastic and spacious. We had a room that was more like an apartment, although my parents' was slightly smaller. The view was great and it was ultimately a high class stay. We had chocolate and strawberries with a bottle of Champagne on arrival which was a lovely touch. I would definitely stay here again if travelling to Barcelona. The city itself was fantastic and you are never short of something to do!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kaimai
<Content>Five stars for Eurostars Grand Marina Hotel My Husband surprised me for my 30th and this was an amazing surprise and definately a 30th to remember. The hotel itself was at a prime location, within walking distance of many attractions and the sight from our Hotel room was unreal. The room was very spacious and modern and almost like a 1 bedroom apartment without a kitchen. On our first night there was champagne and chocolate covered strawberries waiting for us. There was a jacuzzi in our bathroom. The live entertainment every evening was very relaxing and the Hotel's restaurant menu was absolutely delicious, with very friendly and helpful staff. I would most definately stay here again and me and my Husband intend to spend one of our anniversaries at a Eurorstars 5* Hotel in future, if not the one in Bareclona  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>heaneman
<Content>Good But Cold Just back and it was as expected. Rooms good but poor view. Service excellent. Breakfast was without doubt the best I have ever had EVER EVER. Bar was Soulless are very Expensive 鈧? for a small beer. Staff very aloof . Location is quiet which is good and bad. The Ramblas is reasonably lively but the people are docile and the taxi's couldn't give a hott about anyone. The rooms were not too expensive and overall i would easilt recommend  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	3	5	

<Author>kevinlee
<Content>5 star, but souless? Stayed for a conference - so not paying myself. A 5 star hotel. Rooms could accomodate a average sized family! Very high quality fixtures and fittings, but very clinical. Would suit couples with money to spare looking for luxury. If I was paying I would choose somewhere with a little more personality.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>350ZGT4
<Content>Very clean, friendly staff!! I think these days five stars are given out a little two easy, don't get me wrong this is a beautiful hotel, very clean and modern, but is not, by my standards, five stars.I think a five star hotel should leave you a little lost for words, something you don't usually experience, unique!Anyway great hotel none the less, and would still recommend to anyone visiting Barcelona.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>gibbrig
<Content>This Place is Fablous! We arrived on new years day 2007. A last minute decision to leave behind the dreary weather of britain. We arrived at the hotel and was immediately impressed by the welcome. Staff fabulous.Couldnt do enough for us.Room ready even though we arrived earlier than expected.And what a room! It says 5 star and it sure is. The view over the harbour was awesome (ask at reception as not all rooms have the view - we got lucky).Facilites in the room were very traveller friendly.Lovely toiletries, ironing board, hairdrier etc.It was that nice and barcelona that wonderful that we actually stayed an extra night.We had just one little hic-up when the loo broke down one night but we reported it the next morning and when we returned to our room that afternoon it was fixed.We didnt eat in the hotel but we did have drinks in the bar. Expensive but the service and atmosphere is lovely. There is easy internet access at the guest relations area.The hotel is advertised as having a pool (but it unfortunately is the size of a postage stamp) although it doesnt say it is outdoors so we didnt get to swim although we did use the jacuzzi. The sauna isnt communal. There is one in the male and one in the female changing area which it also doesnt say on the hotel blurb which we were a bit disappointed about but it wouldnt deter us from stopping again. The location is also excellent. just a 5 min walk from la rambla the main street. Close enough for comfort but far enough away so no noise and hassle at night. We will definitely be going back!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ange_boro9
<Content>Fantastic hotel, best ive stayed in Wow, this hotel is fabulous. I was sent to this hotel as other hotel was fully booked. I can say it was tthe cleanest (all though expensive) hotel ive stayed at. Spotless rooms, fantastic views from balcony. Only downside was the breakfast, not very nice if you like a full english, (stick to continental), but apart from that cant find any faults with it. Everything was in walking distance to hotel for the perfect sightseeing holiday!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BobMQC
<Content>Good, quality hotel Good, quality hotel. Large, very quiet, clean rooms with excellent bathrooms and one of the best air conditioning system I ever experienced (also really quiet, why can't the US hotels get it?), good service, good choice of European TV channels. Actually a surprisingly good location: 10-15 mins walk from the Rambla, stop of a tour bus in front. Negatives: not cheap, not particularly attractive from the design/appearence point of view (very modern with a somewhat packaged resort feel at the reception, hallways and rooms, though bathrooms are once again great), in-hotel food options are limited and expensive (restaurant is great, but there is only 1 and it's open late; bar choice limited; breakfast very expensive), bed is indeed hard (for my taste). Also agree with other comments about paying for the music in the room (no radio); this is not the best, at least for expense-concious business traveller...Overall, very positive.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>EC0107
<Content>Lovely but EXPENSIVE DUBLIN , IRELAND memberWe recently had a three night break at the Grand Marina and found it to be faultless in service and quality of food and rooms . The down side of the hotel though is that if your travelling with young children this it not the hotel for you due to the Bar and Resturant area being very formal ( our 2 year old daughter was travelling with us ) , there is a roof top pool which is very small and in our opinion unsafe for any child of any age , there is a railing around the roof which is hip height on a adult and very easy for a child to climb A example of the prices were 2 bottles of Heiniken and 2 Gin  Tonics and one open Ibernian Ham sandwich cost 70.00 EUROBut for location and amenities for Barcelona it is excellent with the tourist bus outside the door , the marina next door , Las Ramblas 5 mins away , the Cable car outside the front door , and last but not least The Staff were excellent anything that was asked for was done with perfection  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PuntoBlanco
<Content>Dreamers Paradise! Went over to Barcelona for a quick weekend with my girlfriend, and found this an absolutely smashing hotel. Stayed during October, so the pool wasn't in use, but the jacuzzi and sauna were available. The bathroom in our suite was clean, although we did have a couple of problems keeping the bath full when using the jacuzzi feature.Most impressive were the beds - probably the most comfortable we have ever slept on. The pillows are about 3 feet long each, and we literrally were asleep within seconds of going to bed. Getting up in the mornings was a real struggle!The operaretta feature in the lounge bar on the Saturday evening was a nice touch, with some fine vocals, and good audience interaction.We drank from the fountain on La Ramblas, so we will be going back to Barcelona, and I would definitely go back to this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>partybird711
<Content>Must Try!! We have just returned from a fantastic stay in the Eurostars Grand Marina which i booked for a friends 30th. The hotel is in a prime location beside Port Vell which is less than 100 yds from Las Ramblas.The rooms are a good size and have magnificent views of Barcelona City.The bathroom has his/hers sinks and seperate bath/shower/toilet. Bath has jacuzzi function ,which after a hard day of shopping is a must.The continental breakfast for 30 euros was fantastic with a choice of cereal,pastries,fruitsyoghurts,ham,rolls and freshly squeezed orange juice.The standard of room is excellent and the decor is very modern. Las Ramblas has a very seedy atmosphere about it, especially at the bottom end near the sex shops and peep showsCatulyna Sq. and Gothic Quarter are a short walk away.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>asmbert
<Content>Great hotel, but beds as hard as a rock! I agree to all of the other positive comments, but if you have a problem with a hard matress, then don't stay in this hotel. Everything else in this hotel is perfect. In southern Europe people still think that a hard matress is good for your back.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mirra508
<Content>Great rooms/service/location ... Spent 2 nights at this hotel recently.Location is within 10minutes walk of the main city-centre areas,so within easy walking distance of the hotel. Rooms are excellent - quality of decor, furnishings are very high. Bathroom was even better, whirlpool bath/Bidet were nice touches. Room service food was high-quality  service was professional, prompt  helpful. Small issue at check-in but nothing significant. Lobby is a let-down decor  style-wise (given the class of the hotel) but this is a very minor gripe. Bottom-line, if you're happy paying the room rate, you won't be disappointed with your stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Deepdale
<Content>enjoyed stay at the Grand Marina Stayed at this hotel for 4 days. I had requested a marina/port premier room but this was not ready when we arrived at the hotel at 14.00 hours, so they give us another premier room, which was nice but had a front view of the hotel and so was very noisy from ferries docking. There was also a disco in the base of one of the nearby buildings which was noisy as people exited in the early hours at weekends (Both of these noise problems would probably be solved by an inner room but sacrificing the views)We booked direct with the hotel and the rate was for room only.We had breakfast in the World Trade Centre for 4 euros as the hotel breakfast was very expensive.The hotel staff was excellent. Each night they recommended restaurants and made our reservations for us.There is a tourist bus which runs on a pre-planned route around Barcelona which stops outside the hotel about every 10 minutes and stops at regular intervals near to the main attractions all day. This is handy to get around and only costs 18 euros for the day and you can get on and off as you please - good way to rest your feet.The cable car to Montjuic is also just outside the hotel.Restuarants are within a short walk and there are plenty to choose from, and the main street La Ramblas is about 5 minutes to walk to. There is always a line of taxis outside the hotel if you need one also.The taxi from the airport was only about 15 minutes and only cost 23 EurosPositive points: + beautifully furnished, spacious room + the view + big bathroom with separate shower and bathtub+ porters and hotel staff excellentNegative points: - the roof top swimming pool is small and not heated- the ferries make a lot of noise- this hotel is maybe more of a conference hotel- no tea/coffee making facilities in room- you had to pay for music in your room!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>molenbeek
<Content>Great stay at the Grand Marina We stayed at the Grand Marina for the birthday of my girlfriend for 2 nights in september. I sent an e-mail to ask for an upgrade to a suite the day before leaving. They kindly upgrade us and we also received a bottle of Cava and strawberries covered with chocolate in our room !! they are very attent to all your desires.Breakfast was realy to die for. What a nice buffet. As the weather was good, we were able to take it on the terrace which was most enjoyable. Location of the hotel is great ! Tourist bus just in front of the hotel, Las Rambles 5 minutes walk, Port Vell 10 minutes walk, plaza real 10 minutes walk : try the restaurant  les 15 nits : it is fantastic and very cheap also. I understand why you have to queue some time before getting a table !A fantastic romantic week end in Barcelona  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Revproman
<Content>Great Location. some room issues       The Bedroom  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	3	5	

<Author>fariy
<Content>Great Location We have just returned from a 4 night break to Barcelona. We travelled with 2 children (age 12  6).We booked two interconecting Queen rooms but were upgraded to two suites. The quality of the rooms was excellent, plus great views over Barcelona.The hotel staff were very friendly and the service was good. We booked directly with the hotel and our room rates included breakfast. This was excellent ,probably one of the best we have ever had in a five star hotel. It is expensive if you do not get it as part of your room rate - about 拢25/head we think.The hotel is primarily used by business travellers but nevertheless we found it ok for a family. It is ideally located for the Ramblas , the Cable car and the marina.We chose the hotel primarily for its pool which was disappointingly small but nevertheless did allow some periods of relaxtion after a busy time sight seeing.A great factor was the Bus Touristic which stops right outside the hotel, it is a super way of seeing the city.Would recommend this hotel as a good base to see Barcelona.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>mrsz
<Content>Check in problems This hotel is in a fabulous location - 2 minutes walk from a cable car and the tourist bus stop and 15 minutes walk from the bottom of Las Ramblas and the port. We had an excellent stay and the breakfast was delicious. The pool, although small, was plenty big enough for the children and it was great to watch the ships come in to port - especially as we were waiting to go on a cruise!Now to the negative bit:On booking we had been given a written guarantee that we would have inter-connecting rooms for our 6 and 11 year old but on arrival this was not the case. We did get upgraded to a suite which was fantastic and we had a lovely view of the port but the childrens room was very small and stank of smoke. They also changed this for us but as we were not comfortable with the children staying on their own at such a large and high hotel we each had to share with a child - not the most relaxing break! They also managed to lose a teddy bear in the wash with the sheets and even when found the bear was returned to the wrong room!We did have a lovely break in Barcelona but the service was a bit lacking for a 5 star hotel.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>Donnietraveller
<Content>Truly grand at the Grand What a great place to stay. Quiet location but less then 10 minutes from La Ramblas (although why people want to go there is a mystery as it is dirty,crowded and full of tourist traps from the relatively innocent to the criminal. See other reviews for details of scams and thefts) and Port Olympic. The tourist bus stops right outside the hotel (22euros for 2 days which covers the main city sights). Overall an excellent location.The hotel is chic, cool and welcoming and everything is finished to an excellent standard. It does lack Catalan atmosphere but it scores on quality and convenience and the rooftop views are spectacular. We stayed in a Premier room which had a large king size bed and a marble bathroom with jacuzzi bath, twin sinks and walk in shower. On arrival the jacuzzi bath wasn't working but was rapidly fixed and we were sent wine, water and chocolates by way of apology. A nice gesture.The breakfast was included in our room rate and proved to be a good move. The buffet was excellent both in quality and variety. The restaurant staff were excellent indeed all staff we encountered were very helpful and courteous as you would expect.I travelled with my wife and 5 years old daughter and in this part of the city we felt safe. We previously stayed at the Hilton near Barcelona football ground which is also a safe part of the city. I have to say there are some areas I would not wish to stay i.e La Rambla, Placa de Catalunya and parts of El Raval which all take a turn for the worse at night. Port Vell is on the doorstep with it's shopping mall, aquarium, mini fun fair and restaurants so it was ideal to stroll over there in the evening and have things to do that we could all enjoy to varying degrees. The beaches are about 15 minutes walk away or you can use the tourist bus.The highlight for me apart from the overall Barcelona experience (it truly is a great city) was simply wandering around the Gothic quarter and sampling the atmosphere.We will be back and while tempted to maybe stay close to Passeig de Gracia next time (just to get a third perspective) I think in the end if I can get the right deal again (we paid 200 euros per night including breakfast) I would stay at the Grand again. Make your reservation with confidence.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Kiwi75
<Content>Top Shelf We stayed at this hotel because of the high ratings given by previous reviewers and we were not disappointed. The location is excellent - close to Las Ramblas but away from the noise. The rooms were modern and tasteful - the bathrooms were awesome, multijet showers, separate bath. The views over the water back to Barcelona were spectactular. It was normal to see cruise ships dock alongside the hotel which adds colour to the experience. The restaurant is of a high class but there is only one in the hotel so to have variety one needs to go to the city for evening meals. However, in the World Trade Centre below the hotel there are several bistro type eating places where one can find good value breakfast and lunch. When next in Barcelona, we would defintely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MarysLittleLamb
<Content>Excellent hotel - some air con issues Really enjoyed our stay at the hotel which is conveniently located at the World Trade Center. Rooms comfy and spacious. Free internet and wi-fi in the first floor lobby/bar. Only complaint is that the hotel seems to have a policy of restricting the air conditioning during the day when the corridors are cooler than the rooms!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>theworldsmyoyster
<Content>Lovely Contemporary Hotel Stayed at the Grand Marina with my husband between the 19th - 23rd July to celebrate our 17th wedding anniversary. I contacted the hotel via e-mail the week before to request a room with a city view and received a confirmation e-mail from reservations saying they would try their best. On arrival at 12 noon, the very efficient and friendly receptionist told us that not only was our room ready (unexpected, as we'd read reviews here that check-in time was 3pm) but we had been upgraded to a deluxe room. Our room was beautiful and extremely large, the bathroom in particular was a treat with walk-in shower and a separate bath with jacuzzi. The hotel itself is very modern and I suppose could be described (as it has been) as being primarily a business hotel, however, I feel it is more than that. One benefit of being out of the main tourist hotel area is the fact that you get a peaceful nights sleep yet it's only a 5/10 minute walk from the end of Las Ramblas. The breakfasts were nice with everything you could really want and to suit all nationalities, the service was excellent. We loved Barcelona and had a great time experiencing most of the attractions, my favourite thing though had to be wandering through the narrow little streets of the Barri Gotic and in particular enjoying a tapas lunch in one of the leafy squares with the sound of chiming church bells in the background - wonderful.Check-out at the hotel was speedy and efficient. However, the return journey marked the only negative of our whole trip. We travelled with Monarch Scheduled and experienced a 9 hour delay which meant spending almost the entire night in a hot airport with no information or advice with regard to compensation (apparantly due to recent EU Legislation you are entitled to a refund on your ticket if delayed over 5 hours, overnight accommodation and two free phone calls home - none of which Monarch disclosed - obviously) - we are currently making a claim but nevertheless would avoid Monarch again in the future especially as we have since learnt they are renowned for long delays.Despite the above, we had a fabulous time and would strongly recommend this hotel and indeed vibrant Barcelona for a break.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mucha
<Content>Grand Marina - the best so far I stayed at the Grand Marina with my husband who was there for business for a couple of days. Overall, the experience was really great!Positive sides: + beautifully furnished, modern, spacious room (even though it was a standard room)+ the view towards the city+ big bathroom with separate shower and bathtub+ wonderful and varied breakfast (especially the jam贸n iberico and fresh fruit were great)+ good sound isolationNegative sides: difficult to find anything major, but some small things: - the jacuzzi did not work, but we didn't bother to contact the reception- the roof top swimming pool is small- on mornings the ferries make some noise- this hotel is maybe more of a conference hotel, but it's suitable for tourists as wellThis was my first 5-star experience, and I enjoyed it very much. =)  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Oudec
<Content>Loved it Initially booked another hotel in Barcelona but decided to change to the Eurostars. Glad we did because it is a fabulous hotel, very modern and clean with friendly staff in all areas, not the usual surly spanish we have encountered in other parts of Spain. We asked for an early check in which we didnt get (seems to be impossible as other reviewers have had the same problem) but did get the requested sea view, high floor. Cava and chocolate coated strawberries in the room and a free drink each in the bar were nice touches. Room was excellent. Large and airy, huge bathroom with jacuzzi bath and double sinks but only a hand held shower over the bath, very strange. It was described as a superior room but I think a superior room is their basic room. Breakfast looked nice but cant comment as we didnt eat there as it was 拢15 each. We had breakfast in the World Trade Centre behind the hotel for 拢5 each. Did eat dinner there one evening and the service was outstanding. I am a vegetarian and was offered three or four options which were not on the menu. This is very unusual here in England but unheard of in Spain. Cost was what you would expect in a high class restaurant, cant remember exactly how much but it certainly wasnt a rip off. Overall wouldnt hesitate to recommend this hotel, cost 拢238 for two nights through Bargainholidays and was well worth it. Suspect it may be cheaper to book directly with the hotel. Location is five minutes walk from Las Ramblas which must be seen. Dozens of street entertainers and cafe bars and restaurants. We had been warned about crime in this area but didnt see any at all, felt very safe wondering round late at night. Tourist bus stopped right outside the hotel and was an ideal way to see Barcelona but be prepared to queue. Overall it was a fabulous weekend break and we wouldnt hesitate to stay at the Marina again.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	-1	3	4	-1	

<Author>artemis16
<Content>A pleasant stay The room was very comfortable, nicely decorated, with a closet area and a large bathroom.Breakfast was good, with a wide variety of sweet and savoury choices.It's primarily a business hotel and very large, but all in all a good choice. Cannot comment on the price as it was a company trip, but I'm sure it's not cheap.It's situated at the edge of a 'quay' so be sure to know the way back, otherwise you may find yourself walking a very long way...  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>goglu
<Content>OK, but seen better for the price We stayed at this hotel for one night on July 1st, and were not too impressed. First of all, we could not get our room until 3:30 pm, although we had checked-in at 11:00 in the morning. We had payed 300 euros for a city suite, and were pretty turned off by the reception staff who only found it normal that the room was not cleaned so late in the afternoon?The room itself was very nice looking, and offered a great view of the city. We went out for dinner, as we are familiar with Barcelona and wanted to go to a special restaurant we enjoy. When we got back around 11:00 pm, we asked if we could order a crema catalana and coffee. It took three staff members and a few phone calls before they finally agreed. And they call this a 5+ star?! We also asked for some information on the shopping tax refund, nobody knew what we were talking about.We thought this hotel is really for conventions and business travellers. We have traveled quite a bit around the world, and this hotel does not deserve 5+ stars. You can get much better service and attention from lower rated hotels.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>3	2	5	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>coldinerie
<Content>Eurostar a good hotel, but not for the value minded We stayed at the hotel for a pre cruise adventure. The Eurostar was very, very nice. However for the price, I thought it could have been better. We paid over 350.00 for one night. The room was on the small side, we usually stay in suite hotels in the states and the carribean. The bathroom was wonderful. I must say this bathroom even beats the best hotels in LasVegas! The staff was very helpful and spoke english w/o problem Great location as well. The costs of the food wayyyy to high. We ventured out about a 5 min walk and came to a great cafe' with wonderful food, and cheep. It looked like the locals ate there. We found Barcelona to be very safe, and the area around the hotel appeared to be fine as well. We had an inside room and about 2 am, the night club let out and the noise was very loud, for about 1 hour. We had a good say, but again, for the price, I did expect more.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MACTA
<Content>Grand at the Grand! stayed there recently with some friends, fine hotel, helpful staff, nice rooms,  good service. Location is failry central but away from the madness. Views from some rooms are stunningOnly downside as far as I could see is that the pool is tiny, so dont expect to be doing many laps  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kyrikos
<Content>Good hotel This is a very good hotel. Overlooking the port with nice balconies I suggest u got a room with city view. It is much better.We arrived there. Lobby was really nice, however, the receptionists had a huge problem with their English. Very poor language skills. Quite jolly people. Went to our room (just a standard one). It was very stylish and big. Bathroom was nice and balcony was very pleasant overlooking the city. Quite centrally located (not right in the centre but not too bad either) this is one of the nice hotels in the area. Don t forget to visit the lovely bar and the exterior toward the world trade centre. Just a tip. We went end of May. Website shows a lovely air lounge with a swimming pool. In fact there was nothing up there (dont know whther it was too early) apart from the pool and some lounges. Good facilities, gym etc, however no towels provided ot any staff present.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JChua
<Content>Stunning Barcelona Views! Flown some 18 hours from Singapore into Barcelona, and spent two nights from 4 - 6 May in the Eurostars Grand Marina, under its Celebration Package - a Deluxe room with free breakfasts, water, fruits, Cava wine, Casino entrance tickets. Our requests for an earlier check in was not met with, and only allowed to check in at 2pm. However, other requests for a higher floor, quiet room with superb ocean views was met with, thus quite happy. Room was huge, with a closet area, balcony area and a huge bath room. Everything is modern and yet functional in the room. Breakfast was even better than the 5 star Ritz in Madrid - with the widest selection of bread, cakes, cold cuts, fruits, hams, eggs. And the lounge area, which is just outside the breakfast area, has Wi-fi, which allows free internet access! Just bring your own laptop and you are connected to the world. The only downside I found is, the closest subway is a good 10 minutes walk away. If you are fresh in the early morning, having rested well the night before, its fine. Otherwise, it would just be taking taxis whenever you want to go out or coming back. Fortunately, unlike Madrid, taxis are in abundance in Barcelona, and the charges are reasonable, too. Currently, in May 2006, the cable car in Montjuic is under repairs. After the tram ride, it is advisable to take a taxi up to the Montjuic Castle, otherwise, you would have to spend the next 20-25 minutes, climbing up a hill. The Castle is, however, nothing much to see but the views at the top, are to die for. So for the next few months in 2006, for those wanting to travel up the Montjuic, be forewarned. Lastly, most guidebooks would recommend to take a train to Vallcarca station to visit Parc Guell. However, its a long and tiring climb up a hill (though there are escalators along some sections), then down the down hill again, before you can finally visit Parc Guell from its back. This is the most silly way to visit, we thought, very cumbersome and tiring indeed. The best way would be to take a cab, which is inexpensive, directly to the Parc's main entrance, that's it!Overall, loved Barcelona for its fresh Mediterranean air, and stunning ocean views. Most importantly, unlike in Madrid, the place is not overly crowded and taxis are easily hailed from the street. Good Barcelona stay indeed.  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>estherdee
<Content>Super staff, super views I had invited my parents to the Grand Marina, and the experience was spectacular: starting with the welcome chanpagne (I had only mentioned that the travel was a birthday present), the service continued to be outstanding. In some high class hotels the staff may be a bit arrogant, but not here - they were all more than ready to answer questions and help out. The breakfast terrace is stunning too - orange trees on the second floor- truly nice. Just one little thing to be aware of: some rooms looks to the world trade center and therefore don't have city views and, if you have the city view, the harbour activities can be a bit noisy - but that's the price for such a central location and being close to the sea at the same time. At least you can open the windows (unlike at the Arts Hotel). Fabulous experience - I'd go there again any time.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bobthetarmac
<Content>Great Hotel.Friendly excellent service We chose Eurostars Gran Marina after looking at tripadvisor reviews. We stayed for 4 nights 19-23rd April as birthday celebration. Requests for a room on a high floor with a sea view were met although we were on the side where the big ships dock so our view was obscured (yes even on the 6th floor!! ) when the big ships docked.We were also treated to cava and chocolate covered strawberries on arrival which was lovely. The room was beautiful, frequently cleaned and beds turned down.We stayed on St Georges Day and were given a book and rose which is traditional .I loved the location and the ambience of the hotel it felt very light and spacious and was breath of freshness after the bustling city however it was still just 5 mins walk to the bottom of the Ramblas.We had breakfast in the hotel one morning which was very good there are also plenty of good local cafes.All the staff went out of their way to be helpful and friendly.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BillDip
<Content>Enjoyed This Hotel This is a sleek, contemporary hotel located on the Barcelona waterfront, which is a great place to spend some time. Rooms are large and immaculate. Just about every toiletry article you can imagine is supplied in the all marble bath. The hotel is well located just a 10 minute walk from the bottom of La Rambla -- close to the action but quiet at night. Paid a little less than 200鈧?per night.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rabelais
<Content>Excellent room       World Trade Centre, hotel is on the right  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dermotswoman
<Content>Great Location Hotel - Eurostars Stayed in this hotel mid March for 4 nights for a leisurely weekend with my husband. It was our first trip to Barcelona and this hotel was recommended by a friend who had stayed there for the New Year.It lived up to our expectations which were quite high. We stayed in a Premier Room and it was worth the upgrade as the standard superior looked to be much smaller. It was like a mini suite as each area of the room is divided by leather sliding partitions. The bathroom was my favourite with a big jacuzzi bath and double sinks - leading into a seperate room containing a double shower with jets all over the place!! The view was stunning from the balcony and we had a seperate sitting room with table and chairs.Definitely a place to visit if you spend a bit of time in the room in your robe and slippers!The facilities in the hotel were good, gym is small but has most of the necessary equipment. Swimming pool was closed and looked to be tiny so not for those who want to laze by the pool. There was a seperate jacuzzi in the gym which was available but also very small. My one problem with the hotel was the price of food and drink which was quite expensive. I think they would get a lot more business from guests if they reduced the price of eating there. When you compare it to other 5 star hotels in the area it was a bit too dear. Our air conditioning was on the blink also so the room appeared to be warm all the time but we just opened the balcony door.Hope you enjoy your stay and we would definitely go back.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Fitzgibbon
<Content>Excellent if a little lacking in character Stayed with a friend in two rooms. Spotless, very nicely decorated hotel with nautical theme. Service faultless. Few minutes walk from La Rambla.Problem with booking when we arrived so upgraded with no fuss to two adjoining suites with port/city views at no extra cost. Rooms large and sophisticated. Bathroom huge with superb shower and hydro bath.Breakfast excellent - service outstanding. Did not eat lunch or dinner at hotel so can't comment. Front of house good, porters fantastic - helpful with a smile.Would not stay here with my children or in a young crowd looking for a lively time, but excellent for business or friends/couples.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Location, friendly Hotel Just got back 17th March 2006. Stayed 3 nights on a room only basis. Room very spacious  modern, good bathroom with all the usual freebies + hairdrier.Staff very friendly  helpful, all speak english.Only negative from our stay was the Breakfast (fabulous but expensive 拢15 each), better alternative is to go directly behind the hotel where all the business people working on the marina eat, cereal coissants, orange juice  coffee only 拢4 pp  is good quality.Also Mini bar 5 euros for a can of coke, suggest buy from many supermarkets just off las ramblas for less than 1 eruo.A good way to find out all the sites quickly, is to get a day pass or 2 day(which we got) on the tour buswhich has a stop right outside the hotel, before getting on go the the hotels conierge desk they will give you a discount voucher that takes 2 euro PP off the price.Places to visit we found Parc Guell on the Red route of the tour bus great, there is plenty of places to just chill out  relax  have a beer or something to eat.Eating out- avoid port Vell opposite the Hotel, most resturants are part of chains food not good  slow service. Go a bit futher along if you want authentic Spanish resturants near the Muse d'historia de Catalunya, great resturants.Be carefull not to get ripped off in las ramblas in the outside resturants, the food looks reasonable but no prices are published for drinks. We paid 拢15 for 2 orange juices, which was as much as the food for a small tapas for 2.Overall great break, tempreture average 16-18 over our stay. Would go back.We had a great 3 day break  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>spring break premier room very spacious, we requested a balcony, but this is really only necessary for a stay later in the season when it would be warm enough to sit outside.If on holiday do not stay in an inner room, it's a waste staying in such a luxurious hotel without the great views of the outer rooms.Room service,food  drink very expensive in the hotel, but on one night a special gallician dinner menu for two with wine cost us 鈧?11, and was the best meal we had in Barcelona.Hotel location is excellent, tourist bus and taxi's right outside, Maremagnum shopping centre and restaurants etc a short walk away over a footbridge.Also treat yourself to the breakfast in the hotel, even though 鈧?1 it is really excellent.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Mr_Achi
<Content>Good and Comfortable hotel We decided to spend Christmas and New Year in Barcelona and decided on the Hotel Gran Marina - less than a 10 minute walk from the old port to the Ramblas.I planned it was quieter than being right amongst the action in the town or Ramblas.I got a good deal over the holiday period - surprisingly better than all the online hotel finders, by going directly to the hotel itself. We did book it in July but it was a good lesson in that all the cheapest deals offers are not always the cheapest. Closer to the holiday I ordered some flowers for the room as a present for my wife and even though the hotel already had my credit card details as part of the booking process, they wanted payment up front and I had to mail photocopies of my passport and credit card. I was unhappy at this risky exercise and it certainly was not what I expected from a 5 star hotel.I also wanted to reserve a table for New Year's Eve and this also was subject to the send payment up front process.We arrived to a friendly welcome and a very comfortable King Premier room, which I had requested at the front of the hotel so that there was a view of the city and waterfront. The rear of the hotel faces into a large inner square, bounded by office buildings and does not have any views.Breakfast was good at a fixed 15 euros for a help yourself comprehensive buffet but if you only wanted a coffee and a croissant, it was still 15 euros.We ate most breakfasts by having a short walk to the Ramblas and trying the different bars and restaurants there.The hotel is on a large arm that projects into the port area and it is a very busy ferry terminal as well as cruise ships port - presumably many cruises in the summer. This did cause some continuous noise during the evening and early morning. There was also a disco in the base of one of the nearby buildings which was noisy as people exited in the early hours at weekends (and summer ?). Both of these noise problems would probably be solved by an inner room but sacrificing the views - you pays your money and takes your choice.Room was very comfortable, complementary cava and chocolate strawberries on arrival (absolutely recommended) and there were fresh sheets put on the enormous bed every day by a very efficient maid service.A relaxing and very friendly bar lounge and a roof top area that would be great in summer - just a little cool in the December sunshine.The door staff also worked hard and responded to quips and jokes.Reception and Concierge were overall friendly but not very efficient. We tried to book for Christmas Lunch and were told that there wasn't a table available, then there was, then one concierge team did not pass on our booking for 2 days to reserve a table. When Christmas lunch came, a very well prepared 4 course meal, there were only 4 tables in the whole restaurant occupied - you don't expect to be given this sort of run around in a 5 star hotel !Concierge had advised us that there were some areas in the city that needed to be avoided and that very late at night we should phone Reception, who would send a taxi for us. We went to Christmas Eve midnight mass in the old Cathedral and on exiting after 1am we phoned for a taxi. The response was  very busy, not many taxis, you'll have to walk, I can't help you !!!I would be dismayed if a 3 star hotel staff member told me he couldn't help me but when a 5 star hotel Reception member tells you that, then I question their commitment to guest service. We walked home and did arrive safely but it was the low point of the stay.Because we were staying for a 3 week period the hotel requested me to settle an interim bill half way through, something that puzzled me as I had given them my credit card detils back in July (and had posted them with my passport details). Anyway I paid it but found on my return home that they had debited the amount twice on the same day and even though they refunded it a few days later, it had sent my bank account into the red and I had to pay bank charges on it - so much for 5 star efficiency !Overall - yes we enjoyed the stay despite the hotel's failings and I think this was made up for by the atmosphere in Barcelona. It was buzzing in December, so goodness knows what its like in the height of summer. We had read about the iffy areas and the scam merchants but our impression was that the city takes it's tourism seriously, there were always police about (not in an unnerving way) and the streets were always clean ( we saw street sweepers cleaning up at 1-30am on Christmas morning !) They are making big efforts to further clean up the old areas and overall we felt safe and relaxed, even on the metro - which is a fabulous system, as indeed is all the transport set up. Just be aware it is a big tourist city and keep your wits about you - don't flaunt money or cameras, etc..The Barcelona people are a strange breed. We came across waiters who were unfriendly to the point of hostility but if you just accept this as some city quirk and let it go over your head, then its quite fun to be really friendly to someone who is having a permanently bad day, every day. The friendliest waiters and bar staff are the ones from out of town!One tip - check your change, as many waiters and taxi drivers decide what tip you are giving before you have thought about it and take it upfront !!Barcelona - yes, loved it - the difficulties just made the experience more interesting !!!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>curlykaz
<Content>Nautical but nice The Grand Marina hotel is perfectly placed for enjoying the best bits of Barcelona. Its a big, smart, international, slightly-like-being-in-an-Ocean-liner hotel with gently curving wood panelled corridors and beautifully fitted rooms. We had a junior deluxe suite - expensive but fab with a shower to die for and bags and bags of space - at a premium in Barcelona. We loved the clothes storage area, the settees and the table overlooking the balcony. The hotel is at the bottom of Las Ramblas, 5 mins walk to the Gothic Quarter and 10 mins to the trendy Born area with its funky bars and restaurants. There are trendier hotels but not many with great big rooms within walking-supper-off distance to the Born / the Gothic Quarter. Internet is extra and a bit pricey. We bought croissants, coffee and orange juice from a small cafe in the trade centre for breakfast most days - hotel breakfast is lovely but expensive. Save your money for tapas and great meals out.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>viaggiando
<Content>Chic! We stayed two nights at Grand Marina at a promotional price (160 鈧?per night for a double room). For that amount, the hotel is excellent value. Rooms are large and elegantly decorated, bathrooms are wonderful (jacuzzi and massage shower, all posssible amenities). We found the staff very nice and friendly. We did not take breakfast because we found it expensive as we are not used to eating a lot in the morning. We went to a coffeeshop (Fresh and Ready) at the centre of the WTC, 20 mts from the hotel door. The only problem we had was with the noise from a ship that anchors in front of the hotel. For this reason, even though with a room on the outside you have a great view, we preferred to change to a room on the courtyard, which was very quiet.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Pistol007Uk
<Content>Great city - superb hotel! Just got back from Barcelona yesterday, 11/02/06, and have no complaints about this hotel at all.The location of the hotel is great and makes for a nice break from all the hustle and noise of La Ramblas. If possible request an outward facing room (towards the city) as the hotel at the rear only faces into the center of the World Trade Center.The staff are friendly and informantive and helped with any questions we had.The room we had was huge with a bath  a walk in shower, bedroom and lounge area and a balcony - the rooms was always immaculate when we arrived back at the hotel in the evening and the beds were even turned down after arriving back from a night out.There is a tourist bus which runs on a pre-planned route around Barcelona which stops outside the hotel about every 10 minutes and stops at regular intervals near to the main attractions all day. This is handy to get around and only costs 18 euros for the day and you can get on and off as you please - good way to rest your feet.The cable car to Montjuic is also just outside the hotel.Restuarants are within a short walk and there are plenty to choose from, and the main street La Ramblas is about 5 minutes to walk to. There is always a line of taxis outside the hotel if you need one also.The taxi from the airport was only about 15 minutes and only cost 23 Euros.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>yen-chi
<Content>Excellent Hotel!!!! stayed at this hotel in august 2005. had a room with city view, amazing at night. rooms were spacious and clean with dressing room, seperate shower and massage bath. Breakfast good and plentiful. Reception staff were very helpful especially booking tables at nice restaurants. I recommend eating at a restaurant called 'les quinze nuits' because it was really good value and food was very nice. Try the squid ink rice, looks horrible, but extremely tasty!!!! Taxi drivers in Barcelona are quite honest compared to other destinations. Overall Barcelona is beautiful and hotel was excellent. Highly Recommended!!!!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel for the price We stayed for ten days over Thanksgiving. The king room was modern, beautiful and comfortable with a lovely, but narrow, terrace facing the city. The hotel and room were extremely clean. The bath was luxurious and the plush bathrobes and slippers were a nice touch. We received delicious chocolates in our room on arrival and coupons for free glasses of cava from the hotel bar. The hotel was significantly, $100+ per night, less expensive than other comparable hotels. And some of the others, like Hotel Arts, are not walking distance to many sites.The hotel does try to make the money up in the prices charged for food, telephone calls or Internet usage, but we tended to try to avoid those charges. We generally had an inexpensive, but good, breakfast in one of the cafeterias surrounding the hotel and the WTC office buildings. However, Sundays they are closed and ordering two coffees brought to the room was like $15 and not big coffees either. The phone call prices were also ridiculous. I would recommend using the phones at the Internet cafes for both local and long distance. My biggest complaint was that there is no answering machine on the room phones, so it was very difficult to receive messages. When a call comes in, the hotel forwards the call to the room, letting it ring. If there is no answer, the caller must call back and ask to leave a message and then someone will bring a written message up to the room. Kind of like the Pony Express days.The front desk staff, doormen and bellmen are very professional and courteous. Room service was laser fast. The concierge is on the second floor, not at lobby level, which I found a little odd.The location is excellent. It is an easy (less than fifteen minutes) walk to Las Ramblas, Maremagnum, Barceloneta or The Born. The tourist bus and the funicular also stop right in front of the hotel.Note that the hotel was very quiet when we were there and it is a little dark walking back late at night. Although we didn't feel unsafe, it is perhaps better to take a taxi. They are plentiful and inexpensive.All in all, excellent hotel for the price and we would definitely stay there again.Tip: our favorite restaurants were Paco Alcalde in Barceloneta for excellent seafood, expect to be treated like family, and Asador Aranda for lamb. We went to Aranda in Tibidabo and in the city center and found the food more amazing in the city.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Choice We stayed here to celebrate my husband's birthday, after reading the reviews on this site. It was an excellent choice. Buffet breakfast is well worth it and sets you up for the day. We booked direct with the hotel, which worked out the same as Expedia, but in a superior room and with breakfast thrown in. We also received the complimentary Cava and chocolate dipped strawberries, which was a very nice touch. The room was very clean and comfortable, bathroom luxurious and with a nice selection of toiletries, slippers and robes. We had a room on the eighth floor (great views of the port and city), near to the gym (looked well equipped), the hot tub (great after walking round Barcelona all day) and the roof terrace and pool, which being Jan was closed, although this wasn鈥檛 a problem for us. Service was great.The hotel is a short walk (5-10 mins) away from the nearest metro and the port end of the Ramblas. Taxis are also frequent. We found the best restaurants within walking were at the Palace du Mar, along the sea front about 10-15 mins stroll. (But you need to book). The MareMagnum shopping centre is around a 5-10 min stroll from the hotel. We found this a great base to stay and sightsee the city. Would recommend wholeheartedly.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely breakfast buffet, nice bathrooms and very clean. But much noise. My wife and I stayed at this Hotel this week (jan. 06)for three nights. First impression was great. The location of the hotel is very nice (a pleasent walk from the Metro, but a cab only costs 20 dollars from the airport during the day). The view from many rooms including ours were greate as you can see Barcelona and the habour. We had payed 500 euros to sleep there, including a very nice breakfast buffet every morning from 7-11 am. The room is kept very clean every day. The bathrooms are very nice, and especially the spa-function is nice.At 01.30 the first night all the good things from above, kind of left our midns. Our next door neighbors came home. Actually it was just a guy unpacking his suitecase and getting into bed, but it was like being in there with him. The walls must be made out of paper. I do not think that loud people normally goes to a 5 star hotel, but at this one thats not the point. You could hear if someone was just breathing normally next door. I could not imagine how it would be if someone realy noisy ever stayed at this hotel (earplugs not enough, tried that).All in all its a good hotel, but if your sensitive to noise, then pick another hotel in Barcelona.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I cannot agree more with the Trip advisor member from Manchester Deficient in every sense and every way...  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Mcginty75
<Content>Post christmas stay better than the arts I stayed at this hotel just after christmas with my wife. The service was fantastic, and I told them it was my anniversary and they sent a bottle of reserva cava and chocolate covered strawberries.The staff remembered our name throughout our stay and remembered my newspaper choice and placed it on my breakfast table every morning.Don't be put off by the modernist look and sharp corners of the decor, it is made up for with the best in traditional and proper 5 star service.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>danextec
<Content>We wil be back I have stayed in Grand Marina before with work this time I was with my wife and it was top class it is not the place that makes this hotel it is diffently the staff very very welcoming and helpful. We stayed in a standard room which was top class what a view over Barcelona which I requested the sea side. As the stay was between Christmas and new year we got a free bottle of cava in our room. The only downside as the hotel is so new it has ultra modern style sharp corners every where my be a little cold but the staff are so friendly and all speak english this is not so bad. very central location near Ramblas. Glad it was to cold to use the swimming pool as it is so small The hot tub with a view on the top floor made up for that !!! We will be back here for sure on our top list for sure  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>aspirine
<Content>Great staff and suite The staff is really nice and helpful Location is great as you can easily walk to the old city and also up the Montjuic hill. The bed and pillows were a Dream, bathroom great (jacuzzi and power shower), suite was stunning, big and very clean.The only down side is the hotel restaurant : the chef is trying too hard to be original with scary reasults ! About room service, just avoid the hamburger, the club sandwich is really good as well as the soups ! Anyway Barcelona has so many wonderful restaurants to suit all tastes and budgets : you must try the following ones : Organic (vege), Mama cafe (popular fun and good), Re-Pla (fusion and great lighting), Semproniana (incredible fusion and deco), Matsuri (thai, not expensive).This is a great value hotel for a lovely city.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5+ Stars for this hotel We took a city break from London to Barcelona 26 Dec - 28 Dec 05, and booked this hotel as part of an Expedia deal. Given the price (around USD 400 less than its 5-star competitors for two nights), I expected we'd find something terrible once we arrived. Instead, we were thrilled with our stay. PROS: - The front desk staff was courteous and efficient (and fluent in English). - Our room, a Superior king, was huge, beautifully decorated, and immaculate. - The multi-head power shower was a special treat for Americans in Europe (as we usually have trouble finding a good shower in even the best hotel!). - The breakfast buffet, at USD 24/person, was well worth the cost: it included everything from kumquats to silver dollar pancakes to scrumptious pastries and homemade breads. Champagne and strawberries were also available. Waitstaff was extremely courteous and attentive with refills of some of the best coffee I've tasted.- Transportation is plentiful. The Bus Turistic (a tour bus that takes you all over the city) stops right in front of the hotel, and cabs/hire cars were always waiting. CONS:-If you book this hotel, ask for a city view, or an *unobstructed* water view. We were placed in a room facing the courtyard, which means you are peering into the offices of the World Trade Center. - The king room consisted of two double beds pushed together. - If you want to walk out your hotel's front door and be in the center of bars/restaurants, this is not your best choice. It is located about 10-15 min walk from touristy parts of La Rambla. (The walk, however, is beautiful.)  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nowhere near 5 stars Stayed for one night and that was more than enough. The shower was cold and the hydrobath didn't work. The breakfast from room service that was charged at 93 EUROS!!!!! was cold and had to be sent back. There was a nightclub under our room which played music that got louder as the night went on and didn't end until after 4am. The night staff's response was to ask us if we wanted to move rooms when I complained at 1.30am and told us not to worry it would be over by 3am.Worst of all was the complete lack of interest when we complained to the staff. The hotel might look impressive but the management and staff are obviously lacking the knowledge, experience and frankly the effort to make this a 5 star experience for their guests.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic This was a treat for my wifes 30th birthday and WOW it did not let us down, the hotel is fantastic in all ways from the extremely attentive staff to the unbeliveable cleanliness to the cutting edge design and decour. All in all a fabulous hotel suited to anyone who enjoys a little luxury.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly recommended!! My girlfriend and I have just returned (yesterday actually) from a 3 night stay at the Grand Marina and have to say this is the best hotel we have ever stayed in. This was our first trip to Barcelona and the hotel is located in a perfect position for seeing all the sights and has plenty of places to eat and drink within a short walk. The staff and service was excellent and nothing was too much trouble. A perfect example of this being when I asked reception for 2 more pillows and a travel adaptor for the plug socket (because I forgot to take one!). Within 5 minutes both items had arrived at my room without any fuss whatsoever. Prior to our trip we stayed overnight at the Hilton hotel next to Stansted aiport and the difference in class was very noticable. The Hilton doesn't come close to the service we received at the Grand Marina and hotels in the UK could learn alot by seeing how they treat their guests here. One tip I would offer is prior to your arrival contact the hotel and request a room overlooking the harbour. We stayed in room 608 which had such a beautiful view you didn't want to leave the room! As for the rooms themselves, well what can I say. We were very impressed with the size of the rooms and my girlfriend became especially fond of the massage facilities on the bath! We loved every minute of our stayed in this wonderful hotel and loved Barcelona so much we are planning to return again very soon!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Esqbaby
<Content>Great Hotel with Extremely Nice People We stayed here for 2 nights before a cruise - everyone from the front desk workers, the doormen, the waiters, maids, etc. were extremely nice and helpful - a nice way to start a vacation. Big Rooms, great bathroom and the location is great - right on the harbor, within walking distance of Las Ramblas, public transportation, the Tourist Bus, etc.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ChippyBrady
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed at the Grand Marina for one night....everything about this hotel is top class...the room was fantastic, the service was excellent, lovely staff, breakfast was great...all in all a great hotel.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>katydo
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed in this hotel for four nights while celebrating my husband's birthday. I booked a Celebration Package directly from the hotel and found it the cheapest after trawling the usual websites. This included a superior room, breakfast and Cava and chocolate strawberries on arrival. A nice touch! Stressed that we would like a nice view in 2 seperate e-mails but got no reply, so phoned them the night before we left home. On arrival, the receptionist upgraded our room and we were delighted with our view of the port. This is a very nice hotel; the breakfast is to die for and the champagne and strawberries (no extra charge!) every morning set us up very nicely for the day!!! It has everything you would expect of a 5 star hotel (robes, toiletries, decent sized room), and the can-do attitude of the staff was far better than in some other hotels we stayed in. However, if I were to note a complaint, it would be the stained, smelly carpet on floor 4, obviously from a leak of some sort, but still unpleasant. Also, the lobby is a bit concrete and bare, giving a false impression of the high standards throughout the hotel.The tourist bus stops just outside and the cable cars to Montjuic and Barceloneta give a fabulous view. I personally felt that the port area was the best place to stay while visiting Barcelona, much quieter than some of the more central hotels but still very near everything - Las Ramblas very close. My husband and I really enjoyed our visit to Barcelona and this hotel played a big part in this.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sherborne
<Content>Loved the Grand Marina Stayed in Premier room, lovely room, plenty of space and storage, small balcony, only let down was that there were no tea/coffee making facilities in the room. Staff were really helpful with the exception of the nightly room assistant not being able to speak a word of English and my Spanish being very poor. Roof top pool not of much use but gym facilities ok. Hotel very clean and access to buses, taxis etc very good. Tour bus stops right outside. Room service was excellent although meal ordered was a let down for the price, packet spaghetti and sauce, not very hot either. Overall would stay again for easy access to the city, but not a hotel you would stay in for atmosphere, certainly aimed at the business world although we weren't treated any differently because we weren't business.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>abell
<Content>Wonderful Hotel with Excellent Service We stayed at the Eurostars Grand Marina Hotel for three nights prior to a Seadream Yacht Club cruise. We were traveling with another couple. We arrived at the hotel around 10 am and were able to check-in right away. I had sent an email beforehand asking for early check-in. We were celebrating our 25th Anniversary so we were upgraded to a two bedroom suite. What a treat! We had purchased the Celebration package so we had champagne and chocolate dipped strawberries two nights since there were two couples. The breakfast buffet was excellent. The service was outstanding. The concierge, Alexis, had helped us via email prior to our trip, and helped us even more when we arrived. All staff we dealt with were very friendly and helpful. The room was very nice. Only complaint (not really complaint but something we wanted) was lack of wash cloths. We were brought wash cloths after a phone call. No problem. However, we had to call for wash cloths each day. Housekeeping was more than willing to help out but didn't make the connection to furnish our room each day with wash cloths. Small thing. We enjoyed the small bar a couple times, once for before dinner drinks and once for our complimentary glass of champagne. Hotel is very convenient to Las Ramblas and the old town. Our ship actually docked right next to the hotel so the bellman rolled our luggage to the ship's luggage check-in for us. We didn't have to handle our luggage at all! What a bonus! Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>vetteman
<Content>Wonderful, wonderful We just returned from a Mediterrean cruise where we ended with a three day stay at the Grand Marina..what a great way to end a great vacation. The Grand Marina was exceptional, large spacious, luxurious room with every possible ammenity. The bed was heaven with silky bed linen and a choice of pillows. Our room opened to a small terrace overlooking the city and harbor. The hotel is a 10 minute walk to the main tourist area, Las Rambles, and located right on the tourist bus line with access to the entire city. The staff goes out of their way to make guests feel welcome. We felt like royalty the entire time we were there.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Service-a wonderful experience We had a wonderful experience when we stayed at the Eurostar Grand Marina hotel from 24 September 2005. We stayed on the weekend when the normally extremely expensive room rates of the weekday business, drop dramatically. I was happily surprised by the convenience of the location which was almost directly at the bottom of La Rambla,(La Rambla was good for live entertainment, but not much shopping - a bit run down actually)but there is a convenient subway station there,and the hotel is slap bang in the middle of the sleek modern Marina area. To my mind the location was very convenient but much less claustraphobic than the Gothic area where we saw many cramped over priced older hotels were located.Despite the fact I had booked fairly last minute for Barcelona's major festival weekend (The Merce Festival) the hotel was not overcrowded!Throughout our stay we recieved truely excellent service.I had requested by email a room with a sea veiw,and on requesting this again at checkin we were upgraded to a larger room on the top floor of the hotel with a panoramic veiw of the Marina and city!(Fortunate because a quick walk around the hotel building quickly showed us that any room facing in towards the central courtyard would have no veiw but the other hotel rooms instead of the magnificent Marina!)Our room was on the top floor-same floor as the pool, which was surprisingly small. However I still enjoyed it, as at that time of year we had it to ourselves. Also, the veiw of the cruise ships and castle made me feel like a million dollars, as did the soak in the gym jacuzzi after.Oh, and then I soaked in the spa bath in our room-wonderful!The shower was not quite as good due to a slight lack of water pressure, but otherwise the bathroom was roomy and elegant with plenty of bath goodies to use.Since I had also mentioned our stay was for our aniversary when I had booked at the hotel website,at check in we were also told that a complimentary bottle of Cava(sparkling white wine) and chocolate covered strawberries were on their way. I had not even directly requested this!We also received vouchers for arrival free drinks at the bar- (more cava), but the bar waitress graciously swapped this for 2 very generous gin and tonics, no problems! Not surprisingly, by the time we set out on the town for all the festival events we were very happy!! Barcelona during this festival was absolutely wonderful-it had a happy family feeling and despite my fear of muggers etc we didn't see any unsavoury groups targeting tourists- but later we did hear of one person having their bag taken when they read their tourist guide. However, we had an amazing and fun time. My conclusions, the hotel is well located for subway(in La Rambla), tourist buses- and even cable car to hills behind the city(both outside the front door)andalso for walking around the Marina.(Taxis in Barcelona are also cheap). Excellent service if you book on the hotel website so you can make any requests, tell them about your special occasion and then check in early on a weekend to possibly get a room upgrade! Good Luck!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, awful pool. We've just got back from two nights at the Grand Marina and agree with all the other comments, its a first class hotel in a reasonable location. We had a Junior Suite and it was great, it had a hallway, lounge, dining room, bedroom, bathroom, shower room and two toilets ~ actually you needed a compass to get your bearings for the first day!!You won't need to read more of whats good with it, but you need to be aware that the pool is terrible, its small and cold. The pool area is a shocker too. Very few sunbeds ~ which are uncomfortable and we could only see three matresses for about twenty sunbeds, no umbrellas, no tables and finding a waiter was impossible. Furthermore when we were there it was breezy and unpleasant.The problem with the pool is compounded by the hotels location, its a good twenty minutes walk to the beach, so if you want to lay in the sun go somewhere else. We've also stayed at the Hotel Arts and thought that the Grand Marina is the better of the two although the Arts pool is fractionally better and at least the beach is only 20 metres away.So come on Grand Marina Management, sort out the pool area and you'll have a World Class Hotel.Oh and a courtesy bottle of water and a chocolate at bed time would be most thoughtfull!!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel My husband, son (6) and I had a fantastic stay here in August, our room was brilliant, we had a superior on the front and the view was gorgeous. Food and drink were a bit pricey, however it was a 5 minute walk to The Ramblas we tended to go there or to Port Vell again a 5 min walk. Our son was made to feel welcome, some luxury hotels prefer children to be seen and not heard, not here the atmosphere was really nice.The location is good, next to Port Vell with good shops and restaurants. The Aquarium is close by and good to visit.We would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay again.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great room, bad service       Bedroom  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>sambfh
<Content>Modern gem       View from Suite 704  
<Date>Sep 22, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a perfect stay, perfect. Stayed just 1 evening. Booked a Junior Suite but was upgraded without even requesting upon arrival. Made specific requests in my email booking and the hotel bent over backwards to accomodate. Room was beautiful, bathroom (especially shower) fantastic. The staff were just so so friendly. Really helpful and understanding. Hotel location is perfect. Barcelona has a serious traffic problem so being just a touch out from the centre was perfect. No problem with noise from harbour, sound insulation anywas was amazing. Quite simply cannot fault hotel in any way and would definitely return next time I am in Barcelona. Another thing. I am quite a down to earth guy, but for sure one does NOT have to meet the stereotypical image of a Businessman to be treated like a lord here. All appear to be considered equal, as it should be.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Grand stay at the Marina We stayed at the Grand Marina for a week. We had a lovely week in a Deluxe room. I recommend the Celebration deal that includes breakfast. We got strawberries covered with chocolate and a bottle of Cava when we arrived. Breakfast was good. The room was excellent, insist on a room with a view of Barcelona, otherwise you may well be facing the World Trade Center which is a block of offices. As it is by the port there are regular visitations of ships from around the world. It was quite good fun waking up to a new ship next door to us. The Queen Mary 2 docked by us while we stayed. The pool area is small and there are not enough sunbeds, so if it is a sunny day get out early (before 10am) and reserve a bed otherwise you may be disappointed. Barcelona is beautiful. We recommend Le Quinze Nitz restaurant just off the Ramblas on one of the squares. We ate there 3 times in a fortnight. It offered the best value in an expensive city and served the best food we ate. Get in the queue before 8.30pm to get a seat in the 1st sitting otherwise you麓ll have to wait 30mins to an hour for a seat. I would recommend this hotel for a romantic stay in the city.l  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Cleeclub
<Content>Wonderful hotel We stayed at the Grand Marina pre-cruise for 1 night and loved it! Only regret was that we couldn't stay longer. The staff was absolutely great and the room was large and comfortable! Our request for an upper floor room facing the city and harbor was met, chocolate covered strawberries and a bottle of champagne was placed in our room in the evening during turn-down service. The complimentary glass of cava in the bar was a nice touch and refreshing treat. Having breakfast at the outdoor patio was enjoyable and the breakfast buffet had a lot of variety and was nicely presented. The rooftop pool is small, but adequate with great views of the cruise ships and harbor. If there was just something to nitpick about, I guess that the storage space was minimal which could be an issue if one was staying for a week or so, and the lighting in the bathroom area was a bit dim. But overall, a fabulous hotel and a pleasant stay. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Msbell69
<Content>1st Class All The Way My partner and I stayed at the Grand Marina the night before we left for a cruise. We had booked the Celebration Package about 3 months out.When we arrived at the hotel to check in, I was very impressed with the location, the staff and the over all look and feel of the hotel.The hotel was located directly on the harbor about 5 mis from the cruise port. We were watching the ships come in from our room. The only bad thing is that we did not have a balcony.The staff was over the top friendly and making sure that every need was met to our expectations. Thier serivce level was right in line with that of the Ritz Carlton. I have to also say that I did not see one bad looking person in that hotel. Where do these people come from. Just sitting in the lobby for a little people watching was the best free enjoyment that I had.However, the most important thing that totally won me over took place at check in. When I booked the Celebration Package it was 3 months out. However by the time I checked in the price of the package was reduced by 50 Euro's however I was not aware of it. When I presented my credit card to check in, the staff person told me that I am getting a credit since the price was reduced. How many US businesses would ever do that!! We were very impressed and would suggest this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Rhiannon254
<Content>One of the best I have ever stayed in! This hotel is all it is cracked up to be. The basics were definitely there - clean room, good food, friendly service, etc. What makes this hotel spectacular is the extras... we needed to check in early and the room was ready, our waiter in the restaurant was so helpful in explaining the city and offering ideas, we got a complimentary glass of champagne in the bar and it was served like we were ordering a $100 bottle of wine. I will definitely stay here again and at any other hotel run by the same company. These people know what they are doing.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location and Superb Hotel My wife and I stayed here early in July and were given a room on the top floors overlooking the marina which was amazing. Definately the side of the hotel to be on - The front although looking over the city has the cable cart immediately in front of you and to the rear you are facing onto the WOrld Trade Center Office Block!Dont be put of by reviews that say it is noisy with the cruise ships beside you - We didnt get woken once during our 10 day stay. If you didnt get a bed and breakfast package dont worry as the breakfast is 30 euros per person! Just go to the rear of the hotel to the 3 or 4 restaurants/coffee shops and get a lovely spanish breakfast for no more than 5 euros per person. There is also a shop in the world trade center were you can get english/european papers every morning and cheap bottles of water! - A Beer in the hotel is 11 euros and water for a small bottle is 4 euros.Finally the rooms are superb with large comfortable beds, jacuzzi baths, marble bathrooms and lots of room - probably the best hotel room i have stayed in. The rooftop pool is small and cold but is very refreshing. Please note the towels are all provided at the pool.If you dont want to hang around the rooftop pool I would higly recommend the 1.5 hour cataraman trip which leaves from close to the hotel for 12 euros each. The Nou Camp is also definately worth a visit.I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel for a room only stay.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Janjan6
<Content>Room With A View I stayed for one week at the Grand Marina with my husband. It was to celebrate our tenth Wedding Anniversary.We paid for an upgrade to a Marina suite, and stayed in Room 611, which I would highly recommend. This has a corner balcony facing the city and port and enjoys a wonderful view from the balcony and window.The employees were smart and polite and the room and hotel were in fantastic condition and spotlessly clean.The Hotel website does not do it justice - especially the rooftop pool, which has a decent sunbathing area and good cafe and again commands great views of the port.It was a treat and is expensive, but I'd recommend it completely - and the breakfat buffet is terrific as well!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lou-Lou1
<Content>Great hotel My husband and I stayed at the Grand Marina for two nights after the hotel we planned to stay at cancelled our room the day before we left! It turned out to be a blessing in disguise. We paid a bit extra and booked a premium room and when we arrived it was like a suite - much bigger and with better facilities that most other rooms for that price in our experience -we had two separate seating areas, huge bed, big marble bathroom, separate dressing area and balcony. Real value for money although breakfast not included. Overall a great hotel in a lovely location by the sea - although if you are looking for a smaller boutique type hotel this is probably not for you as it is a large, business type set-up. The staff were really nice and helpful and the rooftop pool and welcome drink of a glass of cava are nice touches.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing hotel My husband and I stayed here for 5 days. For some reason, we were upgraded on arrival to a junior suite which was amazing! The beds were incredibly comfortable; marble bathrooms with jacuzzi tub and spa-type shower. Everything was very clean and service was outstanding throughout out stay. Concierge and all hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. The view of the city was unbelievable as well. We would definitely stay here again if we came to Barcelona. The only downside was that breakfast in the hotel was very expensive (30 euros each), but we found nearby cafes for a quick coffee and pastry without a problem.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>crooka
<Content>Good Business Hotel The Grand Marina met expectations - but very high ones. The staff was incredibly friendly - especially the doormen and valets. All spoke impeccable English, which could be a benefit or frustration, depending on your travel philosophy.We stayed for three nights in a regular room - it overlooked the port and the city. Make sure you request the city side of the hotel or you end up overlooking the courtyard. Great views of the city. The room was nicely appointed, but could stand a refinish on the hard wood floors and an updated TV. The bathroom was large and modern.The hotel is a five minute walk to the La Rambla - easy springboard to anything in Barri Gotic. All the rooms seem to have usable balconies - if it was a bit cooler, we would have sat outside and enjoyed some wine.The clientele definitely was more business and pseudo jet set - a lot of taxis available where you could walk.Our only complaint which could be charming was that you are truly in the heart of the port of the cruise ships and ferries. Occassionally, we could hear a lot of mechanical noise from the large ships.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>princesstory1980
<Content>Expensive but lush I took my boyfriend to the hotel for his birthday in November.I managed to get a good deal online.I emailed the hotel direct asking if possible for a free room upgrade (you don't get if you don't ask!!!) if available.I received a friendly email back advising subject to availability our room would be upgraded but if they are unable they will ensure we had a room with a view and chocolate dipped strawberries with bubbly!!!Unfortunately it was really busy that weekend so we got a room with a view with the strawberries and fizz - delicious.The room was amazing with the relevant mod cons and a jacuzzi.The mini bar was expensive - about 拢2.50 for a coke/water/mars bar!!!!Location - at the port end of the ramblas and very quiet.Breakfast was AMAZING - 拢15 each but the huge buffet means there is no way you can eat lunch. The spread varies - cereal, juices, hams, cheeses, bacon, eggs etc, fresh fruit, pastries, even wine!!!Staff (especially door staff) are very helpful, I found the 5 star status and attitude though did at times make me feel how julia roberts did in pretty woman!!!!! at the end of the day I ignore this - remember if you are staying there it means you are probably earning more than them and you are paying their wages!!!!Overall I would recommend the hotel if you want something really nice and are happy to pay the price for it  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superior Hotel My husband and I stayed here from May 12-May 14. We were sailing on a Royal Caribbean cruise on the 14th out of Barcelona so this hotel was perfect for our pre-cruise stay. I couldn't have asked for nicer hotel. The room was beautiful. We even received an upgrade as the vacation was our honeymoon. The staff could not have been more conscientious or accommodating. We had the most amazing view from our room as it looked out over the Barcelona seaport. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Yorkieboy
<Content>Great hotel for visiting Barcelona My fiancee and I stayed for two nights on 13th and 14th May. The hotel is brilliantly located, the staff are very friendly and I would not stay anywhere else if I was staying in Barcelona.Highly recommended. Can't speak for the food as we always ate out. We stayed in a Premier Room - lovely room and great bathroom. Get a sea view if you can. We were there on Fri and Sat night and heard no noise from the bar. Admittedly we only got back at 2am. They stay out late in Barcelona!!  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not so grand marina! my self my wife and our two friends recently enjoyed a short break in barcelona but unfortunately the hotel did not quite live up to the high expectations we had believed to experience in the grand marina.niose levels from the disco below had our friends moved on 3 occasions and ourselves once.prices at the hotel are in keeping with the hotels name exceptionally -grand 5*************  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mikelan6
<Content>Good location, small room, good service          The entrance and facade  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>thehotelinspector08
<Content>lovely rooms i have just come back from a three night stay at this 5* hotel. I booked the celebration break via the hotels website which included breakfast. On Arrival i asked for a room overlooking the city but was told none were available but had been upgraded to a premier room. Porterage was excellent, the room was huge lovely design king size bed. Bathroom was luxury jacuzzi and hydro shower to die for. The break included cava and strawberries which the wife loved!!.Over night on the saturday night we started to hear noise from outside around 2am, it continued until 4am There is a DISCO not connected to the hotel but the wtc complex in the basement and the noise we heard was all of the revellors coming out. IF YOU ROOM OVERLOOKS THE BACK OF THE HOTEL BEWARE. IT WAS VERY NOISY I phoned reception in the morning spoke to the manager who informed me that they have this problem every week .she very kindly offered to move us to a room overlooking the front. WOW what a viewTHe breakfast in the restaurant is first class the staff are attentive and the chioce of food is enormous and of a very high quality. The other services within the hotel are very expensive including the main bar 20 euors for a brandy!!.No ironing facilities available within you room and no in room tea coffee facilitiesTHe hotel is in a great location, the rooms are great and the staff are wonderful,I would defintely return to the grand marina, but would only book a room overlooking the front. Our room was great, from seeing the other bedrooms the standard rooms are ok but a little on the small side.The ramblas is only 5 mins walk and there is plenty of choice of restaurants near by.The guest service located on the first floor is really helpfull and john on concierge was a credit to the hotel.My advice is definetly to book here, get a premier room to include breakfast normally 30euro per person, and book last minute on the hotel website, (---)  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Noswad
<Content>Excellent, as expected and described The Grand Marina is everything one would expect from a modern 5 star hotel. Excellent rooms. Excellent food. Decor and furnishings of extremely high quality but perhaps a little minimalist for some tastes. The location, on the harbour, is a little off the beaten tourist track but cab fares are cheap and the views from and around the hotel more than make up for the slight inconvenience of the location. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>bring your own water! lovely hotel but a bit too 5* in the prices - especially the water in the mini bar. all drinks were 4euro 50 cent including water so bring your own.very clean hotel with good service but was disappointed with the satelite tv - only 2 english speaking channels and both were the news!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall. An excellent hotel, great location. Overall. An excellent hotel, great location. Top 5 positives1) Location.. right at the end of La Rambla. Good access to restaurants, and attractions such as the cable car outside the main door, the port area etc. Easy to get to. Metro about 10 minute walk. City tour bus from outside the hotel. Taxis sitting waiting outside nearly all the time. Also just a little removed from the streets, so no midnight sirens etc.2) The Rooms. We had a fabulous room, overlooking the city. It was a cut above the standard room, with a walk in dressing room, but one of the best rooms I have stayed in, with walk in shower, double doors to ensure a peaceful nights rest. The only sounds we heard were that of the cruise ships which park next door! The hotel was full and honestly my wife and I did not hear a sound from the corridors or next door. Room also had jet bath and excellent shower with marble finish.3) Breakfast. Excellent spread of all types of food. Our breakfast was included in our package. At 鈧?0 a head for pay as you go, you might find it is worth looking at an all in package!4) The view. Ask for a room in the front of the hotel. At the rear you look over an office block. Fabulous views of the city, cable car, port area, right the way up to some of the famous churches. We could see the Gaudi Cathedral from our room.5) Service. It is a five star hotel, so the service you get is commencerate, and good, from room service, to door staff, to check in.Top 3 negatives - and this is being pickey!1) The prices. At 鈧? for a cup of tea in the bar you get the picture of what the rest of the prices are like!2) The atmosphere. This is certainly a big business hotel, with many conferences on during our stay. You do not go there for the atmosphere in the bar at night, (we were the only people in it on Saturday evening at about 10.30)3) Why do all the staff have ear pieces and microphones on their jackets? I am sure it improves the service offered, but it also gives the impression of big brother watching you and some high security facility, instead of a homely friendly atmosphere.Overall, well worth the money, and somewhere both my wife and I would love to visit again.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>globetrotter21
<Content>Great Location - Expensive We stayed here 2 nights on our honeymoon in August 2004. Decided to splurge on this hotel as it was our honeymooon.Great location next to the water and you can see Barcelona pier and La Ramblas area. PROS:-Since it was our honeymoon, they gave us a bottle of champagne and chocolate strawberries complimentary.-Had a great view of the Barcelona seaside-Very clean-Nice design-Premium toiletries-Great view from top of hotel where gym, whirpool and swimming pool are-Food/Bar is good however a bit expensive-Concierge desk was great, very helpful went out of their way for us-Free internet, 2 laptops to use at concierge desk-Very close walking distance to Barcelona Pier, La Ramblas, Columbus monumentCONS:-Jacuzzi Aqua tub in room, only enough for one person, not as advertised in Expedia-Room was not as large as we thought, so we were disappointed a little-Too expensive-Whirlpool at top of hotel was not warm, it was actually kind of cold and we asked to put up the heat and they said that was the highest-Swimming pool is kind of small, however it has a nice viewIf you get a good price for this hotel or you want to splurge go for it, but unfortunately the price you pay is for the location really, for the price we paid we could have got a lot more at other hotels.Have fun in Barcelona!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WicklowIreland
<Content>Amazing hotel Stayed here at end September 2004 and I have to say that it was one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. Great location about 5-10 mins walk from the Ramblas (and therefore avoiding the noise and pollution of same)Spectacular room - spacious, clean, comfortable with an amazing view of the city. Fabulous bathroom with a huge shower and bath that both had jacuzzi jets. There was also an internal door in the room which separated the sleeping part of the room from a corridor to the outside door of the room so you didn't hear any noise from the corridor at night. Breakfast was great - huge selection and lots of freshly baked pastries and fresh juices. Bar snack food was expensive but good quality. Lovely outdoor deck on roof which has a swimming pool and jacuzzi - good view of the cruiseliners docking from here. After we checked in a bell boy arrived to the room with a free bottle of Cava and a few chocolate truffles which was a nice touch. The hotel arranged their own car to the airport which cost about the same (or maybe less) than a taxi. All in all I wasn't that taken with Barcelona as a city, but would go back there just to experience this hotel again!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Me&Europe
<Content>Missing Barcelona Barcelona was exceptional, especially since just arriving from a long week of Rome, Milan and Florence.   The people were friendly, the streets were clean and safe and the hotel by the water front added a beautiful view. I'm booking my second trip for next year.   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ShuleandShale
<Content>Perfect for a pre or post cruise stay My partner and I found the Eurostars Gran Marina to be simply superb! The hotel is located at the World Trade Center which was where the dock for our cruise ship was. When we disembarked the Seven Seas Voyager our porter simply brought our luggage around the corner and the hotel was right there. I booked this hotel upon the personal reccommendation of two friends. The hotel left nothing to be desired. The service was gracious and the room was breathtaking. We had a corner room with wraparound view of the entire harbor. The room was quite large and had an incredible bathroom with a seperate steam shower and whirlpool tub! The breakfast buffet was included in our room rate. It was an immense offering of both hot and cold items. It held us over until dinner. The Ramblas is not far from the hotel and it was a really beautiful walk around the waterfront to get there. My only complaint about the hotel was that dinner there was really expsensive. I would suggest going to the concierge and finding a restaurant off the beatan path that is not full of tourists. Otherwise, I would certainly reccommend this hotel to anyone who is planning a trip to Barcelona.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic, Modern and friendly!! Have just returned from a 3 night break here, having got a great deal on Expedia for a twin or double room. Unfortunately - we got twin beds but as the beds were next to each other anyway, it wasn't really a problem.First impressions Arrived at the airport and our taxi driver had no idea where we were staying and after asking various colleagues, eventually got us there. Personally, we just think he was a bit mad and was trying to keep the meter ticking to get more euros from us - until we asked him to re-set it! On arrival, the doormen were really lovely and check in was friendly and efficient.RoomThe room was a great size, overlooked the front, and although we were bang in the middle facing the cable car tower, the view was still spectacular. We saw cruise ships come and go too! Room was really modern, fab bathroom with seperate walk in part of a shower/toilet/bidet and two sinks and a whirlpool bath that could even fit two of you in! The mini bar was really expensive so just bought water from the supermarket; the beds were really comfy and if you rang housekeeping they brought you up extra pillows (of your liking) free of charge - you had a menu to choose them from!!HotelOverall, a really great place to stay. The bar (1st floor) was really nice and laid back - 11 euros for a white wine and bottle of local lager so not exactly cheap but we paid more for drinks in Port Olympic!The location is right on the marina so is about a 5-10 minute walk to the bottom of the Ramblas but we actually liked this as it was nice to walk out of the hustle and bustle (last thing at night) to the serenity of your quiet hotel room. The Touristic Bus Line (blue line) picks up right outside the hotel (World Trade Centre stop) so that was great in getting about and would reccommend this service to anyone - 2 days is 22 euros each (pay on the bus) and you can get on and off both the blue and red lines as many times as you like and it takes you all around Barcelona. (The guy on the information point on the 1st floor was really helpful with all this info so go and see them for advice etc)Overall - just a really modern, luxorious hotel with friendly staff. Would definitely reccomend it if you are wanting a quiet, comfortable, relaxing hotel where you can get a good nights sleep in comfortable surroundings. Not for you though if you wanting to stay in a traditional spanish hotel, amongst the hustle and bustle, maybe then look at hotels in Pacia de Gracia as this we felt was the next best place to stay... (but still nicer than the La Ramblas area which we felt was very noisy and a bit 'rough' in parts at night)!Great city, great hotel - just wish it had been warmer weather!! Definitely think you get the best of barcelona if the sun shines!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Deservedly worth it's five stars Excellent. One of the best hotels in Barcelona. We stayed in one of the suites for a night before getting on a cruise and it was undoutebly one of the nicest rooms we've ever had. There were two living rooms, one by the balcony, with a rollaway bed for our daughter and a main one with a tv, Bang and Olufsen radio and the mini bar. Then there was the double bedroom, the bathroom, with a big jacuzzi bath and Hermes toiletries and a wet room shower. Then there was the wardrobe area and an additional toilet. The decor was very tasteful with maple wood and dark blue furnishings. The club lounge was very good with internet access, a gym and very good viewpoints onto the harbour.The breakfast was also good. We would definately recommend this hotel, especially the suites.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Paul032
<Content>Paper Thin Walls Just returned from 3 nights at this hotel over new years. The location of the hotel is great, cannot be faulted. However when you see the pictures of the hotel you think, well I did anyway, that the majority of the circular building was the hotel. In fact only the front part facing the city is the hotel the rest are office buildings ! The service in the hotel is second to none, they really treat you well. I went for a Premier Room at 250 Euro per night. It was a great room with a great view of the city and the bottom corner of the port. If you go for a standard room as some of the people I got talking to did, the view was into a person office. The whole back of the hotel looks into offices. There is a cable car station outside the hotel that is about 15 stories high that blocks the view of the city if you are unlucky to get a front room in the middle.The floors in the room are wooden and look nice BUT with a wooden floor comes the noise. You can hear people walking on the floors in the adjoining rooms and upstairs which can be damn annoying. Also the walls are very thin so you can hear people talking and doing other things very clearly which can be infuriating when you're trying to have a lie in. That was disapointing for us.The hotel is expensive for mini bar, a water was about 5 euro and a mars bar over 5 euro ! There is no iron in the room and we had to get a few shirts and blouses pressed. They charge about 10 euro a shirt but you do get them back within a few hours.....bring a travel iron !Even with the bad points the location of the hotel and the service are very good. The bad points, over expensive mini bar and pressing services and the noise of other guests. I would not have been so generous on the 4 stars had I been in a standard room with a view of somebodies office though. I suggest that you ask as I did for a room with a view of the city/port.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	-1	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Rosee
<Content>Lovely Hotel! We have just returned from a short stay in this hotel.In our opinion it certainly lives up to its five star rating. The staff were so friendly and very efficient.The food was excellent and the cleanliness second to none. The location was very convenient being just a five minute walk to Las Rambles and the marina. . Local buses,taxis and the open top tour bus stop just a few yards from the hotel. It was a pleasant change to stay in a modern rather than a traditional style hotel.We did find the room at night a little too warm due to the sunlight shining on the large windows all afternoon.Then again after returning back to the freezing maybe that is a plus point!! We will definately return here in the future without any doubt.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Complimentary decor I stayed at the Grand Marina for 4 nights with my fiancee. It was an early birthday present.The staff were very friendly and service and cleanliness was second to none. We had a premier room which was large and the hydro and shower were excellent. Our view was a bit disappointing, seeing the busy people working away in the WTC.Breakfast buffet was lovely although a bit pricey esp if you had it every morning. The piano bar is a great place to relax after a stroll down Las Ramblas.Will Definitely be going back again. KI and HI  
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the bath!! Just back from a 4 night stay in the Grand Marina and like most people have already said was of a good quality. Unfortunately we never had the luck of some people who got upgraded to a suite but none-the-less the superior room was of a decent size and finish with nice complimentary toiletries to boot!!One negative was the fact that they had turned the air-con off throughout the hotel due to the fact that it was winter - however with the temperature still peaking at 23 degrees during the day it did tend to get a bit stuffy in the room at times though a nice breeze could be got by going out to the balcony ( though no such promised picturesque view).We also had the misfortune of losing our baggage but the concierge proved most helpful in tracking it down and dropping it into the room on it's arrival.After a long days sightseeing the massage bath is just the job to ease all those aches and pains.There was a lack of english speaking TV stations but I guess you don't go there to watch the telly. The room cleanliness was second to none with our room getting tidied TWICE a day!Overall a very pleasant stay.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Good Location My family of three stayed at the Eurostars Grand Marina in Aug 2004. There are two reasons to pick this hotel. One, its a 5 minute walk to the La Ramblas and the start point for the city bus tours. Two, its a modern and well designed hotel overlooking the marina. Granted, it's a bit pricey, especially when you factor in that we drove and parking can cost you 30 Euro a night. But we would go back to this hotel on our next visit to Barcelona.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JayneT
<Content>Great Hotel - Wonderful Views of the City I booked the Eurostars Grand Marina from 3rd - 6th December for my fiance's 30th Birthday weekend. This modern and beautifully decorated hotel is situated on the port. It is nice and quiet (cruise ship horns excepted) and 5 minutes walk from the bottom of the Ramblas.On arriving I was very slightly disappointed with the room, designated Superior in a 5 star hotel although it was large and pleasant enough. I had specifically asked for a view and a wonderful view of the city it was (although in the promotional photos of the hotel and with the benefit of a wide angled lens, the huge cable car station right in front of the hotel is absent!). Try to stay 6th floor or above and either to the left or right of the front of the hotel. If you stay at the back you will look onto a pleasant courtyard and World Trade Centre.I emailed the concierce service before travelling to ask for a special touch for my fiance's birthday and we received, on arrival, a bottle of ice cold cava and chocolate covered strawberries.. yum.Staff were great and service wonderful. You can even chose from 5 different types of pillow, all named after screen legends.I had never experienced a turn down service before and this was amusing! We would be relaxing or having a little siesta late afternoon and we would stand to one side as a a very nice lady re-made our bed and put little mats next to our beds with our slippers!Breakfasts were marvellous. The bar, with piano was a good place to relax with a good Bloody Mary and nibbles. Overall, a great place. In my opinion 4 1/2 stars.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly recommended...... Had a wonderful stay at this hotel.....the staff were very friendly and helpful, complimentary champagne and chocolate truffles were bought up to our room on the first night - had informed them in advance that it was a special occasion. Had requested a room with a view and certainly had one - could see the entire city. The rooms were very spacious and the bed was huge, loved the spa bath, although was a little small for two! Was very impressed with the decor - very modern. Short walk up the pier to Las Ramblas. Excellent facilities. Would definately stay here again if we could afford to - if you want to splash out whilst in Barcelona - this is the place to do it!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scarlett70
<Content>wonderful hotel one of the best hotels we ever stayed in.staff were pleasant and attentive the decor was superb modern and plush and the superior room had huge bathroom with walk in shower and separate dressing room The bed was so comfortable it was a struggle to get up.There was some noise from ferries but not enough to disturb our sleep and it was fun to see them come and go.no good restaurants nearby but hotel porter always got a taxi almost immediately and they were rarely more than 5 eurothe location made it quiet and restful compared to the centre of town would recommend this hotel without question  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>My_Pseudonym
<Content>Gorgeous- great ending to my whirlwind European trip Upon arriving in Barcelona after a Royal Caribbean cruise, no taxi is needed to get to the hotel- our ship鈥檚 dock was further out on the Port so I took the shuttle bus- 1.50 euro only. Saved me about 1 hour of waiting in line for a taxi if I were to try to make my way to another hotel. Located on the marina at the World Trade Center, the hotel is close enough to 鈥渃ivilization鈥?and far enough away to be peaceful and relaxing.The check-in was smooth and friendly, the front desk person reminded me of the end of daylight savings time, which was very helpful since I had forgotten. She told me to visit their informative concierge on making the most of our 1 day in Barcelona, and that the front desk handles all currency exchanges, at a pretty good rate, by the way. She also told me I could call ahead to make sure a taxi is available the next morning for my early flight- I did exactly that and everything went smoothly, including checkout. During most hours of the day, taxis are lined up in front so calling ahead is not needed.I booked the executive suite as we had 4 people in our party- many other Barcelona hotels cannot accommodate parties larger than 2 or 3 without getting a separate room or extra fees. I got a great deal on Travelocity, way below rack rate since we were staying only 1 night on a weekend...I think Grand Marina caters more to business and convention travelers, which is typically during the working week. Suite had 2 very large bedrooms with desk area  multiple closets, a living room and dining area (with mini fridge), and a gorgeous bathroom  vanity area. All rooms were typical of some of Barcelona's hip design styles: sliding doors for privacy, dark wood floors, modern furniture, marble bathrooms. Our view, with 2 balconies, faced the city of Barcelona and the Christopher Columbus statue at the bottom of Las Ramblas; we were on the 7th floor of 8 so the view was spectacular- we could even see La Sagrada Familia. VERY spacious, which was great after being confined to a tiny cabin on a cruise ship. Small details are great- lots of bathroom freebies (see the almost hidden middle drawer!), bathrobes and slippers, turndown service, automatic lights, 5 shower heads, bidet (as most European hotels have), Jacuzzi, high thread count sheets.The 2nd floor of the hotel has their restaurant and lounges- in the same style as the rest of the hotel, it was spacious and modern. There is a terrace with tables and fountains. The top floor has a gym with many fitness machines, a hot tub, and a small outdoor pool (great view from the pool, which is elevated).The hotel is a 5-minute walk from the bottom of Las Ramblas and next to Port Vell, which I think had been further developed during the 1992 Olympics, with restaurants, stores  an Imax theatre. The short distance from the busier parts of Barcelona made all the difference- as I said, it was quiet and peaceful at night (while I know some guests at other hotels on Las Ramblas are kept up all night due to party revelers)- we had an early flight so this was perfect. The short walk was not far from cafes (breakfast!), shops and other tourist sights. We bought tickets for white  turquoise the Barcelona Tourism bus, which had a stop right in the front of the hotel. It cost 16 euros each for 1 day and has stops all around the city- you can get on and off as you please, an alternative to those who are subway/bus map reading-deficient! Very convenient.I highly recommend this hotel- it was the perfect choice for what my needs were during my vacation. Only cons I can think of: breakfast not included (I know some people require this in a vacation), modern style may not appeal to those looking for a classic style or boutique hotel.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than I thought We were at the hotel for only two days Sep. 26th,27th. We were treated very well; the staff was friendly and helpful. The food at the restaurant was excellent and well presented. The views from our room and the roof were spectacular.Highly reccommended.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top Class Hotel My Hubby and I stayed at the hotel 24-27th Sept for the first leg of our Honey Moon, and what a delight. We were upgraded to a Junior Suite with Champers  Chocolates. Our room was cleaned daily with a turn down service every evening. The location was excellent with a 5 min stroll to La Ramblas. I would recommend this hotel to anyone, it can be pricie, but well worth it. Definately worth it's 5 Stars.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ElaineGrant
<Content>Wonderful 3-night stay - 10th - 13th October 2004 We have just returned from Grand Marina Hotel. It was my birthday and a bottle of cava and chocolate covered stawberries were placed in our room when we arrived. We were on the 8th floor and our room faced the town with a view of the sea either side. Cruise ships docked alongside the hotel. The room and bathroom was amazing and we were even given a choice of pillows! We had an excellent deal with hotels. (拢136 per night per room) and Easyjet flights. The breakfast buffet cost us 19 Euros each and was well worth it as there was everything you could wish for. All the staff were very friendly and the waiters constantly refilled our coffee cups. It was lovely weather and we were able to sit outside to have breakfast. The Barcelona open-top bus tour stops in front of the hotel and we got a 2 day pass for 21 Euros each. We were able to hop on and hop off and see a lot more of Barcelona than if we were just on foot. The marina is right next to the hotel with some lovely fish restaurants nearby. We loved our break and will definitely return to the Grand Marina.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel with great service I cannot believe the bad reviews given to this hotel by some reviewers. We stayed Sept 21-23, 2004 and had absolutely excellent service. We were greeted with complimentary Cava and chocolates for our anniversary. The rooms were huge and comfortable, with many amenities. We had turn-down service both nights we were there, and the breakfast buffet was excellent, even though we arrived at the end of the scheduled time.I suggest you try this place for yourself, and I believe you will be more than satisfied. It is right on the bus route, or 1 and 1/2 blocks away from the bottom of Las Ramblas--a pleasant distance to be sure. We would definately stay here again!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Ryther
<Content>Great location especially for Cruise ships and great rooms On my last trip to Barcelona I stayed at another 5-star property, the Claris, which while a block from the busy Paseo Garcia shopping street left something to be desired in the service dept.On arriving in Barcelona by cruise ship, I was astounded to discover that the hotel sits right next to where I disembarked so no taxi was neccesary to get there!The check-in (in fairness, at 8:30 a.m.) was a little bit cold and distant, however the rest of my experience was exceptionally favorable. A very large room and lovely bathroom that is typical of some of Barcelona's hip design styles. This made the view over the interior (exposed) courtyard hardly noticeable.The hotel is a 5-minute walk from the bottom of Las Ramblas and while isolated in some respects, this is a GOOD thing given the hustle and bustle of exiting most other Barcelona hotels into the crowds of many wonderful citizens and many very clever pickpockets.I highly recommend this hotel...and must add that their high-speed complimentary internet access at the concierge desk was a very pleasant surprise given how many luxury hotels have taken to charging guests for internet access.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cowenevett
<Content>How could there be a bad review? I just don't understand the bad reviews. I have stayed all over the world in some of the finest hotels and am a fairly harsh critic. I must say we loved the Grand Marina Hotel. Our room was fabulous, large and beautiful decor (I'm an interior designer so this is always of great importance). I only wish the outlook (view) was better. The balconies overlook an interior courtyard of the complex (no water views) or city view with slight water views of the port. The location is wonderful for touring the city and I had no problems what-so-ever with any of the staff, they were always helpful and friendly . The restaurant was quite lovely and the food was good. As far as the beds, they were quite comfortable (where did the people who complained sleep...the chaise lounge?) and they offer you a 'menu' of different pillows you can call and order up (I loved the marilyne pillow, ultra soft down filled). When I return to Barcelona, the Grand Marina will be where I stay!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sean777
<Content>Great Hotel This is a great hotel, on arrival we were upgraded without asking to a delux room with great views of a wonderful city. The service here is second to none, the welcome drinks were indeed very welcome, although mini bar is very expensive.Rooftop bar is good for snacks and breakfast was excellent, will return to this hotel on next visit.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HelloSailor
<Content>A quiet haven Hard to find a better breakfast buffet anywhere. Oh those meats and cheeses and pastries.We made very welcome although checked in at 9 a.m. Rooms were available. Modern, clean, cool and comfortable. A complimentary welcome drink is a nice touch. Rooms had every amenity you could think of. The doormen were extremely helpful and polite. Haven't seen attention like that in a long time. An excellent base for a stay in Barcelona.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>foxy69
<Content>What a breakfast ! Just arrived back from a 4day stay. Excellent hotel,beautiful rooms with jacuzzi bath and the best breakfast buffet ive ever had in a hotel, you can even have moet if you like and at 20euro a bargain.The only gripe i would have is that the pool is more of a plungepool but to be honest if your a sunworshipper youd be on the beach anyway( we found the beach area near hotel arts the best)I would also take a bus tour as soon as your up to it to get your bearings, there are 3 tours each 2 hrs long but you can hop on/off and do as little as your like, if your into the sights a muti day ticket is best.On a general note the olympic port is nice but very expensive, mostly fish restaurants and a few nice bars/clubs. There just doesnt seem enough hours in the day in barcelona and the easiest way to enjoy it is to adlib the whole thing.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MandyMcD
<Content>Superb 5 star hotel - great location, great service. Just back from a lovely stay at this excellent 5 star hotel. Stayed 4 nights. Hotel is immaculate, staff are very professional and standards are very high.The room we had was beautiful and everything was spotless. We asked for help reserving a table at a restaurant at very short notice by the customer services staff and they were very helpful. Their choice of restaurant was excellent - just what we wanted. At the pool bar, we asked for something which wasn't on the menu and it was no problem.The pool is small - but there is plenty of room to lie around the pool area, and there are always clean towels at the ready.I would return again without hesitation.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Marie celeste hotel! Quite easy not to talk to a soul here. It's cold , clinical, joyless. Expect no warmth at all.Effectively its a posh office block...But great views and a delightful breakfast. . The parking is exorbitant, but drivers dont really have a choice.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kensington
<Content>Can't understand the bad reviews I stayed here July 03. Maybe things have gone down hill since then, reading the bad reviews but my stay there was superb. The premier room was very spacious with amazing views of the city. The breakfast was the best I have had in a five star hotel. You can get the cable car which is in front of the hotel that takes you to the beach. It can be a bit scary if you are scared of heights but worth it for the view. We walked around the Arts hotel but found it a bit flashy.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This hotel is superb My wife an I decided to go to barcelona at the last minute for our 1st wedding anniversary. I rung the eurostars wanting to book in on thursday the 15th but the hotel was full on that night so we booked to stay at the eurostars from friday the 16th to the 20th. As our flight arrived on the thursday night (we flew bmi baby from manchester, who i was not impressed with as the check in staff were not very welcoming, compared to other airlines i had flown with) we checked into the ac diplomatic which has good reviews here. However for 拢118 excluding breakfast i found the room to be small (it was clean and quite smart) and the service virtually non existent. When we arrived no one greeted or helped us with our bags, no one smiled, and we felt unwelcome rather like an old fsahioned soviet union style hotel.So I was looking forward to checking out and moving into the eurostars grand marina. When we arrived there no sooner had we arrived in the cab than our doors were opened and greeting with smiles, our bags were removed from the taxi and stored. The receptionist was completely efficient and helpful and we went had drinks on the terrace. At first the terrace was windy, but unbearably so and there was a nice plunging pool, deck area and bar. Again the service here was great, plenty complimentary snacks, towels, gowns provided etc and the views are great over the harbour. We could sit and watch cruise liners and all sorts of vessels. When we went to our room, we were amazed at the view. We had a forty-fifty foot long panaramic window that overlooked barcelona marina and city. This view in itself was a million dollar view. The room was very nice and you could lay in bed and watch the marina's activities.The bathroom had a jacuzzi bath and a great seperate shower. Everything was provided including bath salts and other bath toiletries.We booked a celebration package with the hotel direct. We found this to be cheaper than many internet hotel booking companies, and breakfast was included. We also had a complimentary bottle of cava on our arrival.The breakfast was great with all you could conceivably want to eat, they even had champagne on the buffet (moet) for those who fancied it.Coffee was constantly tooped up and the orange juice was delicious.We eventually decided to stay an extra night and changed our flights to stay here another night because we didnt want to go.The staff were friendly, helpful and super efficient.On these reviews from various people there are always varying opinions as different people have different expectations. Reading the couple of previous reviews i can't understand why these oppinions are so. From our findings here we were more than happy. We have stayed in quite a lot of hotels around the world and this one of the best i have been in. The midland in manchester uk is close to this hotel on service so those of you who have stayed there will know that it is good.As a final note beware of bmi baby charging for excess baggage. Most airlines i use are quite lenient on this but not bmi baby. I felt that the cheap seats were being compensated for by an over zealous company policy on baggage weight, so buyer beware. I personally would rather fly with another airline next time and have a higher level of welcome, service etc.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't stay here if you are British!!!! Although the bathrooms are nice, the rooms are very average and the staff here are overtly anti-British. They made it abundantly clear (by way of deferential service and snide remarks/glances) that they preferred Spaniards over British clients. If you are not Spanish, then don't even think about staying here (unless you enjoy feeling like an unwelcome guest).  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent  I stayed at the Grand Marina Hotel in the beginning of July and was so pleased! The charming gentleman at the front desk greeted me in a prompt and friendly manner. Without me asking, he upgraded my room to a gorgeous and enormous suite. The room was fabulous! Big comfortable bed; a large walk-in closet with a dressing area and full-length mirror; and a balcony overlooking the cruise ship harbor. The bathroom was my favorite 鈥?it had a gorgeous glass shower and a separate hydrotherapy bathtub/Jacuzzi. All toiletries were provided for guests including toothbrushes and toothpaste. Bathrobes and slippers were also in the room. In addition, upon check-in I received a coupon for two complimentary drinks at the hotel bar, and a VIP pass to the Barcelona casino.This hotel thought of everything for their guests! There is a safe in the room for valuables, and a wide selection of pay-per-view movies are also available. In-room Internet connections are available for guests with laptops. I did not bring my computer with me, but was happy to see that the television also had a keyboard and the option for Internet access at the cost of ten euro for twenty-four hours of use鈥?which I thought was very reasonable. The television had a clock with alarm, which was great considering the other rooms I stayed at in Barcelona did not have clocks.Although I did not take advantage of the hotel restaurant, I did explore the roof top pool area. The view of the city from the roof was spectacular! I guarantee it will take your breath away. The Grand Marina would be a great hotel for couples, as it has quite a romantic feel to it. I was traveling alone though and still found it perfect due to its location right at the end of Las Rambles. It was a short walk from all the great shops and restaurants of this district. And as a bonus鈥?my American ATT calling cards worked from the payphones located right in front of the hotel.Fabulous hotel 鈥?well worth every penny!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My First Tast of Spain was not the one we dreampt of.. It's hard to see how the previous reviews reflect the Hotel I stayed in. A deeply diappointing experience in what is actually a seedy business hotel with little in the way of customer service, attention to detail or value for money. I travel extensively and this hotel represents little in the way of 5 star pleasures and is more representative of 5 star nightmares. The poor service (How many hotels ask you to move to lower class room once you have already been given your key?) and insulting service (How many hotels insult their guests because they return to the room at 3am?) were nothing compared to the tiny pool on the 8th floor where hurricane conditions prevail whilst you enjoy views of the cargo bays. Enjoy!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lessons in customer service ! DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL. I have travelled extensively in recent years and have had many enjoyable weekend breaks at various priced hotels. As a special treat me and 18 of my friends decided to do something a bit special and stay at the Grand Marina. It was the worst experience of my life. The service received from the staff was nothing short of offensive, the manager was the rudest person I have ever met in my life.I personally will never be returning to the Grand Marina and I will make it my lifes mission to makesure nobody else does either !!!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellence at its best I went to the hotel for two nights with my partner in July. Before we left, i was in constant contact with the reservations dept as i wanted to make sure that everything was perfect. They provided me with excellet assistance and gave me practically everything that I wanted. On arrival, our rooms were upgraded which was a pleasant surprise. The service was overwhelming, everytime you as much as leave your room, they tidy it up for you. The food was great, the staff were excellent and there's nothing better you could ask for from a hotel. It is definately worth the cost.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Snu01
<Content>Excelent Hotel I don't know what the previous poor reviews were about. As ever before deciding which hotel to book, we consulted Tripadvisor, and as ever the recommendations were spot on. This is a wonderful hotel. Pricy certainly, but worth it. We stayed at the Eurostars Grand Marina for out 1st wedding anniversary. We were no sooner in the door when room service rang and introduced themselves and asked if it would be convenient to deliver some champagne and strawberries. Great start. The breakfast is perfect, the service and food are great. Guest Services were very helpful and pointed us in the right direction for everything. The staff were efficient, courteous and pleasant, even the morning after the Catalonian festival where the majority of the staff would have been out partying until 6 AM.The rooms were huge (Not the basic rooms though, we did catch a glimpse of one of these and it looked small), with great bathrooms, a walk in wardrobe, spa bath etc. They were also quiet. We had a room overlooking the front, and had no problem with the ships docked next to us. You would have to be the lightest sleeper on earth for that to bother you.One word of warning though, The Dinner menu is Creative to say the least. Although it was an experience, there are far better dinner menus to be had in town.There is a small spot on the roof with an outdoor pool and sun lounges, although as we were only staying for 3 days we did not make great use of this as there is so much to see and so in Barcelona. Also the beaches are within easy reach if sunbathing is something you wish to pursue.Overall I would recomend this hotel to anyone wishing to splash out a bit.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful hotel My husband and I had a fabulous time at the Eurostars Grand Marina Hotel. What a great location! For our anniversary they provided a complimentary bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries. The concierge picked out the best restaurants. My husband found the business center very helpful. The concierge even helped us out with a problem we had with our flight. We recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Barcelona.   
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good - but not that good! A good hotel, but slightly less than I would expect from a five star - in my opinion it's a good 4 star.Although the rooms are supposed to be cleaned twice a day, ours was done only once on one of the days - no great problem, but not the standard advertised.The bed had to be the most uncomfortable we'd ever slept in - rock hard.If you want to drink bottled water, take in your own. The mini bar charges 4 Euros for a third of a litre - sheer extortion!Staff very helpful - good breakfast - although sometimes the waiters disappeared, and forgot what was a simple request for tea instead of coffee. The hotel is also situated at the port, which might have explained a chill wind in early May. Handy though for the excellent red and blue route tourist buses - must be the best value in the city.Overall an OK short stay, but we have stopped in better hotels.  
<Date>May 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tirl
<Content>Not 5 star quality went on a short break with my husband and we were very dissappointed with the service or lack of. Firstly their advertised swimming pool and leisure centre are not in operation, the safe in our room did not work and the staff were not familier with what services were on offer in their hotel, which for a 5 star was a bit bizzare. We made a complaint but as there were no managers and it was not the receptionists fault personally we didn't get much satisfaction. I believe if you pay a high price for a hotel you are entitled to the service. We will not be going back there.  
<Date>May 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>icemenace
<Content>Great Overall Experience If you are looking for an excellent alternative to the charming boutiques of Europe, look no further than this hotel. A combination of modern architectural style, staff service, physical age, and amenities makes this property one of the very best. We reserved the hotel through a discounted service and while the rate was still high, it was worth every penny. The room is well appointed and completely spacious, with a long entryway, a walk in closet, a bathroom that had separate shower/message tub and a partition between sinks and shower. The bathroom had some of the best quality toiletries and thick bathrobes and slippers. The wooden floor resembles the current trend of using wooden floors in new homes. Also, guests get a selection of different types of pillows, though the Rita Hayworth style is the default one placed in the rooms. You get a tremendous sense of cleanliness that you would feel from your own home. The breakfast buffet included in our rate deal was extensive serving everything from bacon and eggs to Spanish specialties such as chorizo and tapa ingredients. The entire staff spoke fluent English and was very accommodating. The only drawback was that the pool was under repair and the location is almost half a mile from the closest subway stop (Drassanes). However, the metro bus line 20 does run almost to the front door of the hotel. Also, the tourisitic (open air double decker) bus runs from the front of the hotel as well.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect short break Went with a girlfriend over Easter weekend - left the kids with husband. We got a 'premier' room on the basis of my recent birthday! Great views of the city, and the best bathroom you can imagine - twin sinks, jacuzzi bath, huge shower space with jets, all in marble... Room safe, dressing area, really comfy beds and lots of freebies. Would find the beds made up and towels replaced every single time we returned, whatever time of day and however many times. Lots of walking since the bottom end of La Rambla was at least half a mile away, but tour buses stop right outside. The ferries outside make a bit of noise and we thought everything was a bit overpriced but hey - we came back refreshed and ready for real life!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2004
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>iPhil
<Content>Excellent The other reviews sum up this hotel very well. My wife and I have been to many top hotels around the world and this is quite simply the best one we have stayed in. And as for been expensive - this really is a case of you get what you pay for, and more!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic service Large hotel which caters more for business and corporates. however the serve provided is better than anything my wife or I have experienced- nothing short of out of this world.The room was upgraded to a superior room overlooking the harbour and marina with an large window of 50 feet in length. it was our anniversary and a bottle of champagne was sent up with chocolates compliments of the management. it was expensive however we did not regret for one moment our choice of hotel. Highly recommended as an exclusive hotel break to pamper yourselves.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice, new hotel. We stayed in Barcelona for three days during our European honeymoon. The hotel is very new and is quite nice and the staff is well informed and friendly. There are advantages to staying in a new hotel as it does not exhibit the kind of wear and tear that is quite common in numerous luxury European hotels. The hotel upgraded us to a nice corner room and had a bottle of champagne on ice and chocolate covered strawberries in our room. A nice touch, which we appreciated. The only bummer, which to my surprise, was not noted in any previous reviews, is that the hotel is somewhat isolated. It is a 10-15 minute walk to any restaurants and shops. Not a huge distance, but there are many other hotel options that are located right in the thick of things, which is my preference. Plus, sometimes you just want to walk out to get a quick snack or buy a newspaper and hotels in Europe generally do not have gift shops. I would consider staying here again, and would recommend it if you don't mind the location, but would probably stay closer to all the action next time.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>echevin
<Content>Good Quality Hotel But Not Cheap! After reading many reviews of many hotels in Barcelona, my partner and I decided to choose this hotel - based entirely on this website! I wanted something special as I proposed there and this did fit the bill! Very helpful staff, very clean, extremely modern, spa in the room, lovely sauna, posh restaurant, free Cava on arrival. The only fault is that it is very expensive to book but once you get there, they do like to rip you off - a bottle of water was something 4 Euro's! It is not cheap! If you're walking to the Ramlas, it will take about 15 minutes but it is a nice walk! The nearest Metro is about 10 mins away. We would go back there and were happy with our choice - thank you trip advisor!!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HilaryMS
<Content>Brilliant Birthday My husband and I just came back from a 3 day break in Barcelona staying at the Eurostars Grand Marina. We chose the hotel after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor and were not in any way disappointed. We have to echo what everyone says that the staff were superb, so helpful and friendly, they seemed to know what we wanted even before we did! Nothing was too much trouble for them to make our stay a happy one. We immediately felt at home, even though it is such a grand hotel. We loved the contemporary design of the building and furnishings. We stayed in a standard double, but there was little standard about it. A large divider between the room and the small hall gave the room a completely different feel once it was slid into place. The bathroom was beautiful, marble floor to ceiling, twin basins, hydro-massage bath and the loo and bidet situated discretely in their own annex off the main bathroom. Millions of bathroom freebies including the more unusual mouthwash, make-up remover, shaving kit, dental kit, nail file, comb. The rooms were serviced twice daily. What a luxury to have the towels changed after each shower and the sheets changed daily - I could get used to that ! Breakfast was also a revelation, all tastes were catered for from English cooked breakfast, to many kinds of cooked meats, smoked fish and cheeses, fresh fruit, pancakes, cereals, many different types of bread and rolls, freshly squeezed juices and even slabs of chocolate cake and tiny individual chocolate tartlets decorated with a strawberry! Most impressive though was that food was provided for people with special dietary requirements, eg there was rice cakes and soya milk and many different types of yoghurts. Another good facility was the concierge desk - a very good source of information about Barcelona - restaurants etc although as a 5 star hotel the recommended restaurants were all in the 50-60 euros per head bracket ! Drinks in the bar were also expensive, but then you are paying for your surroundings. All in all the best hotel we have ever stayed in and we would recommend it unreservedly for a luxury stay in Barcelona - the city of style.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>newland1
<Content>A touch of class Stayed at the Grand Marina during Feb 2004 . 25th wedding anniversary . Fantastic...it is modern , aimed at the business exec , could be cold but the staff are superb . Breakfasts a delight...dinner was very good but here the staff were slightly too over the top . We had a superb room over the City , could hear the generators from the cruise ships but not a problem , rather seeing them come and go was part of the fun . Easy to walk into the old part of the City but also local buses outside and a stop for the tourist bus . We have stayed in some excellent hotels , and the Marina is right up there amongst them .  
<Date>Mar 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>phoenixnights
<Content>is there a better hotel? Having used the reviews on tripadvisor to select this hotel, all I can say is we are so pleased to take our turn to recommend this hotel which we do without hesitation. We enjoyed a five night break in certainly the best hotel we have ever stayed in, all the staff were wonderful as were all the facilities on offer. If you are contemplating a visit to Barcelona, make your holiday complete and stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Modern Luxury I just came back from Grand Marina Hotel in Barcelona, and to those who enjoy modern hotels, with all gadgets and comforts, this place is what you are looking for.It is very comfortable, has good size room, great bathrooms, and it is a beautiful hotel. The only thing is that the hotel is sort of cold, meaning that it seems to be more focused for executives than for tourists seeking a romantic getaway. But I would stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel! We stayed five nights in the Grand Marina in February 2004 and found it to be the perfect base for a short break in Barcelona. We upgraded to a Junior Suite and felt the extra was worth it - the room was spacious and beautiful. The staff were always friendly and helpful and we got the impression they wanted to do all they could to make our stay as enjoyable as possible. They certainly succeeded and when we ruturn to Barcelona, it will be to this hotel!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ImaLondoner
<Content>Good but not perfect We visited Barcelona for my wife's birthday and stayed at the Grand Marina as it had the best reviews of all the hotels in town. With all the great reviews previously posted we were expecting something a little special but in my view the hotel is only average for a five star hotel. The staff were very friendly and helpful, the decor is certainly modern and fresh and well designed but unless you take a suite there is not enough storage space for your clothes and luggage if you are staying for more than a few days. The gym has a few bits of kit, some of which were broken and the gym airconditioning was out of order when we were there. The additional load on the ac caused by the placement of the hot spa bath in the gym area is probably to blame. The views from the hotel are great, particularly if you are a boat (ferry) spotter as I am, but don't get excited by the swimming pool, its very small. The bathrooms are nice but surprisingly don't have thermostatic controls on the showers. As it's not on a main road or in the centre of the tourist area its pleasantly quiet and importantly the beds are comfortable. You can easily walk to all the main tourist sites from the hotel. Stay there again? - probably.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>U2fan
<Content>Wonderful! We stopped at the Hotel Grand Marina for a short break to celebrate my 35th birthday. We managed to get cheap flights, so decided to splash out on the 5* GL hotel... and we are so pleased that we did. The hotel's located in the port / harbour area of the city, just next to the middle cable car station. It's only a few minutes walk to Port Vell or the bottom of La Ramblas. The rooms are very modern, and every one has a whirlpool bath and there's lots of great goodies to take home with you! From start to finish, the staff at the hotel couldn't do enough for us. As it as my birthday, I asked if we could have a room overlooking the harbour / city. Not only did we get this (and the view was as wonderful as I'd hoped for!), but they also brought me up some Champagne and chocolates to the room for my birthday! The staff arranged tickets to see Barcelona FC for us, and gave us drinks vouchers for two glasses of cava to use in the bar whenever we wanted throughout our stay. We were also given a voucher for us to get into the casino for free. The leisure facilities are on the top floor / roof of the hotel. Unfortuanately the pool isn't heated, so we didn't get the chance to go in, but it's worth going up there to have a look at the wonderful views of the city.The breakfast was an additional 19 euros each, which we initially thought was steep. We decided to go on my birthday as a treat, but in the end, we went on both mornings we were there. The selection of food and drink available was incredible... they even had Moet champagne! We filled ourselves up and didn't eat again until the evening! The Hotel Grand Marina is without doubt the best hotel we've ever stayed at. If you want a bit of pampering, it's THE place to stay in Barcelona!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LeroyManning
<Content>Absolutely Amazing!!! It was my wife's 30th and I wanted to surprise her with something out of the ordinary. She had no idea where we were going until we got there. Prior to our arrival I had advised the hotel that it was my wife's birthday and I would like a very nice room and boy did they exceed expectation!!We pulled up in a taxi and before we could touch the door both sides or the taxi were opened by the hotel staff. They spoke perfect English and took our bags out of the car and advised us to go and check in. The 2 ladies behind the desk welcomed us to this beautiful hotel. The lobby was just amazing... anyway they proceeded to tell us because it was my wife's birthday that they had upgraded us to a suite. If I wasn't already in the good books - when we opened the door to the suite I definitely was. The view was fantastic!!!! really fantastic!!! The whole of the outside wall was window and we had a nice balcony too. We had a view right round from the Mediterranean sea, the Marina with all the yachts, Port Vell, the markets of La Rambla, way up into the mountains and the other side of the Marina where there was a couple of big cruise liners. Whilst admiring the view our bags arrived and we got a call from reception asking if our room was ok??? was it ok?? were they serious?? it was absolutely amazing!!! This place was bigger than most 1 bedroom apartments in London. The bed was enormous, the bathroom had a hydro massage bath along with a multi jet shower. A bidet too along with all sorts of fragrances dotted around. The lounge area was equipped with a bang  olluffsen stereo system, a nice tv with films and sport, very nice sofa with foot rest. Very swanky heating and lighting controls. Whilst we were still in awe of this place room service called to advise as it was a special occasion they were sending up some champagne along with truffles - again we couldn't get over how polite and courteous everybody we dealt with were. Have you ever been anywhere where the cleaning staff where complete suits? We arrived in the afternoon and it was our first time in Barcelona but we didn't want to leave the hotel, we could have happily stayed there for our entire stay. The breakfast was absolutely amazing... everything you could want was there and you just help yourself. As soon as you finish your cutlery is replaced for you to go up again... I'm a big fan of breakfast and I could hardly walk out when I left. We had dinner in the hotel once and it was like being in a high class restaurant. You never need to carry any money with you around the hotel you just need to give your room number and sign a ticket which gets added to your final bill. We had a look at the gym and it had the exact same equipment as my gym that I pay 脗拢55 a month for. There also was a pool on the top of the roof!! I felt my legs turning to jelly and it was a little cold so I didn't have a paddle. I can definitely see why this is the best hotel in Barcelona. You have to check this place out as I don't think I have spoken highly enough of it.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Service - Beautiful Room! My new husband and I were taking a second honeymoon in France, and decided to visit Barcelona. We stayed at The Grand Marina for three nights in November of 2003, and couldn't have been happier!The staff was always pleasant, the room had a wonderful balcony with views of the ocean and city. Sparkling wine was delivered to our room upon check-in, and a fruit tray was sent up each afternoon.The room had a wonderful bed, and very comfortable furnishings.We enjoyed room service (very good), cocktails in the hotel bar on the first floor, and a lovely dinner in their restaurant. The food and drinks were excellent!We are looking foward to a second visit - what a first class operation!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tre moderne   showReview(1533238, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>lovely hotel   showReview(1513424, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cruisinsince75
<Content>Great View! Great Hotel!   showReview(1501637, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb hotel in fabulous location   showReview(1441451, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic   showReview(1397150, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Purdiscroft
<Content>A true pleasure!   showReview(1381488, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice Hotel   showReview(1341615, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a hotel!   showReview(1214176, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RoundTheWorldandBack
<Content>Fabulous Hotel   showReview(1133700, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Super New Deluxe hotel   showReview(847447, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coquelicotParis
<Content>Hotel impersonnel mais pratique   showReview(21894199, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>AlbertoL
<Content>Servicio deficiente   showReview(21289118, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>gouvernante
<Content>fantastique   showReview(21007340, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Valeria79
<Content>ottimo hotel   showReview(20083850, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>PARFAIT   showReview(20551262, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MOG83
<Content>Grand h么tel de luxe international   showReview(19704607, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	3	

<Author>nono19fr
<Content>Excellent!!       Chambre  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent hotel   showReview(19637512, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>excellent hotel   showReview(19637506, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bel h么tel   showReview(19637507, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Conforme 脿 un 5 茅toiles   showReview(19637504, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Insgesamt gerne wieder   showReview(19637511, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bel h么tel, au milieu du port de Barcelone   showReview(19637510, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel, Super Lage   showReview(19637508, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jbmwix
<Content>excellent s茅jour   showReview(18766650, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AntonioCe
<Content>Vergonzoso   showReview(18059339, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	1	3	3	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ein wunderbares Hotel!   showReview(18531349, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super super super   showReview(18531348, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bel h么tel   showReview(18531347, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>War Super   showReview(17436014, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Perfekter Service   showReview(17436013, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AntonioBilbao
<Content>Estupendo!!!   showReview(16792508, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Besser geht es nicht !   showReview(17436012, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr empfehlenswert   showReview(16587374, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lage excellent, aber durch Dieselmotoren der F盲hrschiffe laut und Bel盲stigung durch Abgase!!!   showReview(16587372, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr beeindruckend   showReview(16587371, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent h么tel   showReview(16587376, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo!   showReview(16587377, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gigantischer Ausblick   showReview(16587370, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlenswertes Hotel in ruhigerer Lage von Barcelona   showReview(16587367, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>EXCELLENT   showReview(16587373, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sch枚nes Hotel mit grandioser Aussicht   showReview(16587366, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlenswert zum 脺bernachten   showReview(15563456, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>mittendrin   showReview(15563454, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bel hotel, bien situ茅   showReview(15563455, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr茅s satisfait   showReview(15563452, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un poil d茅cu   showReview(15563447, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel confortable et s没r   showReview(15563451, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(15563446, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(15563445, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>alles top   showReview(15563444, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Designerhotel   showReview(15563443, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>grand hotel   showReview(14730216, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nc77
<Content>Parfait   showReview(14609306, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bel hotel et confortable   showReview(14730214, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo hotel - location un pochino scomoda   showReview(14730210, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Eurostars Grand Marina Barcelona   showReview(14730215, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bon hotel bien situ茅 propre   showReview(14730209, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon rapport qualit茅 / prix   showReview(14730206, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>expensive breakfast   showReview(14730205, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ein rundrum gelungener Kurztripp   showReview(14730204, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Da PROVARE!!!   showReview(13980071, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>cadre superbe   showReview(13980070, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Traumhotel am Mittelmeer   showReview(13980069, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Splendido e Centralissimo   showReview(13980068, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gutes Hotel, allerdings mit seltsamen Balkont眉ren   showReview(13196834, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jflbiaritz
<Content>sejour de reve   showReview(12798805, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(13196832, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>situation de l'hotel   showReview(13196831, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un lieu 脿 connaitre   showReview(13196830, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Eucalipto
<Content>Fin de a帽o, cena de Gala en el mar   showReview(12192461, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hervorragende Lage am Hafen   showReview(11302961, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Service   showReview(11302960, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo ottimo   showReview(11302959, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jujube16
<Content>au calme   showReview(10526977, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(11302958, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top-Hotel   showReview(11666663, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈熷緟浠ヤ笂銇壇銇嬨仯銇?#x201d;   showReview(19165382, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Complessivamente buon hotel ma ve ne sono di migliori   showReview(11666662, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Molto bello,niente da dire...   showReview(11415379, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Belles prestations, moderne...   showReview(11415380, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>youpiou
<Content>luxueux mais mal 茅quip茅   showReview(8456231, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel da favola!!!   showReview(11438855, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gutes Hotel   showReview(11434987, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Is茅alement situ茅.   showReview(11434980, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kinder_kat
<Content>Excelente Hotel el Grand Marina   showReview(7570676, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super   showReview(11404266, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>doriano
<Content>un des cinq meilleurs hotels de la ville   showReview(6797192, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>sielleveut
<Content>chambre et vue xxl   showReview(6548218, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sayevita
<Content>muy satisfecha   showReview(6178679, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>katjes68
<Content>Ein absolutes Spitzenhotel!   showReview(5930409, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel in sehr reizvoller Lage!   showReview(11368084, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon   showReview(11334959, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>notre hotel de reference lorsque nous allons a Barcelone   showReview(11334958, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>confort assolutamente eccezionale   showReview(11331204, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Niemals 5 Sterne   showReview(11331203, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Grossartiger Service   showReview(11329981, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un albergo sofisticato ed...   showReview(11415381, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Moderno Hotel con unas vistas a...   showReview(13397721, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2003
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

