<Author>ApothoKeri
<Content>A really great hotel A really great location. Close to the cable cars and the street cars, so easy access to anywhere in the city...just around the corner from the piers as well. A great breakfast buffet, a very helpful concierge and friendly staff. We loved it and will stay there again each time we go to San Francisco.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Jinglz
<Content>Hilton staff meets Motel 6 My wife and I stayed at this Hilton for 5 nights in December of 2008. We found the location to be a plus...right around the corner from BART and cable cars, and the staff are truly wonderful. The folks at the front desk, the concierge and maid service was topnotch. The property? Now that's another story. Although we found the decor, bedding and furniture ok, this is the noisiest hotel we have ever stayed in. I'm not talking about the traffic, or anything going on outside the hotel: I'm talking about the interior walls, which are paper thin to say the least. We could hear the person walking around in the room above us--every night. In fact, we could hear every footstep and the floor also creaked. But the real disappointment was the noise coming from the adjacent rooms. The 4th night of our stay, we were treated to a very active couple next door. It didn't just feel like we were experiencing a porno flick--we felt like me might actually be IN one. Another night, there appeared to be a party next door. We could hear every word. To the hotels' credit, they sent someone to end the party, and actually moved us to the top floor for our last night--which seemed to help cut down on the noise greatly. Two more disappointments: no breakfast and no free internet. Internet service is available--by the minute, in the Business Center. Even budget hotels offer free in-room internet these days. To sum it all up, this property is a Hilton in name only. I'm guessing it may have been something else once-upon-a-time and that Hilton just came in and slapped their name on it. We liked the location and the excellent staff, but with so many great hotels in the area, we would stay elsewhere next time.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>kmpordagee
<Content>Nice hotel, great location We recently stayed at the Fisherman's Wharf Hilton. Not the property that we would have chosen (we usually stay outside the touristy areas because we don't like dealing with crowds), but we had won a trip last year, and had two free nights here. We took a taxi in from the airport ($50 - 35 minutes). If you bring your car, the valet parking is $39 per night. Ouch. You could do public transportation - but we didn't want to hassle with luggage on our arrival day. It is located in a nice neighborhood - close the the Powell/Mason cable car turnaround, two blocks to Trader Joes and Safeway, 1 block to Starbucks. Probably 4 blocks to the center of Fisherman's Wharf. The Hilton had nice staff who tried hard. We had to change rooms (folks ought to realize that a no smoking property means no smoking in the room, lol). The rooms were large and very clean. The bed was too soft for my taste, but the pillows were great. The rooms looked like they had been renovated in the last year or two. If it matters to you, they supplied CrabtreeEvelyn products.The good - location, quiet room, free continental breakfast with Hilton Honors. The bad - fire drill at check out time, car for transport to airport not showing up (they talked us in to taking one of their towncars to the airport instead of just calling a taxi, and despite making arrangements at noon 鈥?no car at 3:15), odd smell in bathroom, no free wifi in room, and a small glitch with our late checkout. (My, don鈥檛 we sound high maintenance! Really, we are the most easygoing people ever, but when everyone at a hotel greets us with the line, 鈥淚 hope that you are having a 鈥?0鈥?experience!鈥? you start to notice the glitches.) We didn鈥檛 have a 鈥?0鈥?experience, but I would rate it an 鈥?鈥?which is plenty fine in my book.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>Texas_Traveler_30
<Content>Ideal Location The best thing about this hotel is the location. It was easy walking distance from the wharf, cable cars, fabulous restaurants, and shopping.Other than that, this was an average, or possibly slightly below average, Hilton. The rooms could use a slight update, newer furniture and newer television. Many of the Hiltons I have visited lately have new flat screen tvs; not so here. The bathroom was extremely basic, with nothing that stands out. Bedding was wonderfully comfortable, as typical with Hilton. The breakfast was very good, also as expected.Overall, a good place to stay in San Francisco if your main concern is location.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Missy2938
<Content>It's all about the location....and the hotel was pretty awesome!!!       For our Anniversary  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SharkAmy
<Content>Expected higher quality room, amenities and service for $400/night!!! My husband and I, along with another couple, stayed at this hotel for our last night in San Francisco. We were not impressed with anything about the hotel, except its proximity to the Fisherman's Wharf.Check in was fine...but if you want to park your car in their garage it's $36 for the night! We went to our rooms and found them to be spacious and decorated nicely. The pillows were comfortable and they had high end bathroom amenities. Our view consisted of a roof top and other rooms across the way.Again, besides it being close to the Wharf and the pillows we didn't see much that would make us rate it a 10.The negatives:-The bathtub looked very old and dirty, with rust stains running down the side of the tile. The couple we traveled with said they had long black hairs in their bathroom, everywhere! The towels were standard, rough hotel towels. The coffee maker barely made 2 cups of coffee. The hotel walls were very thin and you could hear the people in the next room, upstairs and anyone in the hallway. You had to pay for wireless internet and they did not offer a free breakfast...not even a piece of fruit or a muffin!We stayed in a Comfort Inn  Suites up in Ukiah for 3 nights and it was cleaner, friendlier, had free internet, free FULL, homemade breakfast and beautiful rooms and it was only $89/night! Luckily we used points to stay in this hotel (that's why we chose it) so we did not have to pay, but the couple we traveled with had to pay and they were very cranky the next morning! If we ever go back to San Fran we will definately go to a different hotel. The luxury stay the Hilton projects is a complete lie (at least for this Hilton). I've stayed in nicer hotels that were less than $100/night!!!!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	3	1	

<Author>BenandAli
<Content>Overpriced and a bit disappointing Fisherman's Wharf is an expensive location but this was pricey even by local standards. Also, compared to Hilton LA, everything was on a much smaller scale but for a much higher price. Still, comfort and cleanliness were there and staff were helpful and friendly. Can't argue with the location but for the price probably could have stayed in a better hotel in Union Sq. Parking expensive but it's the same anywhere in SF. Just enjoy this great city and book as far in advance as possible to get better value from the hotels, which are generally disappointing.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>ozinamsterdam
<Content>Above-average Hilton hotel I would definitely recommend this Hilton over the other SF Hilton on O'Farrell. And this one is cheaper! The staff were friendly, the concierge was wonderful, the beds are divine, clean and spacious rooms - all the things you expect from a Hilton.It's not too far from either Fisherman's Wharf or North Beach, which is great for restaurants and bars.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>uktravellerBeds
<Content>Great base for San Francisco sights We stayed four nights at the hotel and found it to be a great base for visiting the city. We booked a superior room that included continental breakfast and Internet access in the room.Previous reviews have suggested asking for a courtyard room but we found that late night smokeres made this noisey if you wanted to have the window open. Air con was somewhat noisey so a window was the better option.Breakfast was good, with a $10 upgrade if you wanted cooked items but the continental content was extensive. Will book this again. Staff were helpful and polite.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>grobma
<Content>Nice Find I usually stay in the Union Square area of San Francisco when there on business. I had shied away from the Fisherman's Wharf area primarily because of the perception that it was too touristy an area (Union Square is as well, but there is at least some business and good shopping there as well).On this trip, the price difference between the Hilton near Union Sq and the Hilton at Fisherman's Wharf (FW) was significant enough to steer me to this hotel. I rationalized it partly by the fact that I could walk to my client's offices from the hotel.The Hilton FW is a 4-story property that fits in with the buildings around it. It is near the termini of both Powell Street cable cars (Hyde and Mason) as well as the attractions of Fisherman's Wharf, and a short walk to North Beach and Chinatown. There is a Trader Joe's and major supermarket within 2 blocks as well.The room I had was average size, the furnishings nothing special, wired HSIA for a fee (wireless in the lobby). Bed was on the softer side but comfortable - pillows were down filled and extremely comfortable. My room was directly in front of the elevators AND my window was one floor above street-level right over the main entrance. I expected that either of these would be cause for concern from a noise perspective but I was pleasantly surprised that neither was a problem. Another nice touch in the room is that the ledge at the window is padded so you can actually sit and look out the window. The only down side is that the thermostat was mounted on the wall right by the window. The lighting in the room was such that on the night I arrived, no mater how many lights I turned on in the room, I could not read the face of the thermostat (it was an older non-digital model) to figure out which switch did what and what temperature I was setting. I was able to use daylight from the window the next morning to see.The lobby and common areas are nicely done. There is a small bar and a small restaurant. There is a cool robotic vending machine in the lobby that sells everything from snacks to aspirin to cell phones. The downside is that it only accepts credit cards and the prices are somewhat ridiculous.The breakfast buffet was average and priced accordingly for San Francisco (i.e. those from outside of big cities will be shocked), though it seemed like everyone except for me had a breakfast voucher. There seemed to be a lot of large groups and European travelers staying at this property which might explain the breakfast.The staff were exceedingly friendly and helpful. I finished my meetings early on the day I was checking out but had several hours to kill before a dinner meeting and the red-eye home. They very graciously extended me a very late checkout (helps that I am HiltonHonors Silver I suppose). There is a Marriott right across the street (where I also have elite status) yet this courtesy, perhaps more than anything else, will steer me back to this property when next visiting my client in SF.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>MarkSurrey
<Content>loved the location well this was our first stop on a round the world trip....and i was not disappointed !the hotel is in a good location, just down from pier 39......perfect shopping for tourists !the rooms were fine, service excellent and would stay again ....dont bother staying downtown , take a cab there and stay here on the waterfront !  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>TXtravelerHouston
<Content>Perfect!! I went on a Girlfriend Getaway in March 2008 (sorry this review is a little late) but it was excellent. The room was nice, clean and comfortable. I loved the pillows! The location was will situated between the electric cars, fishermans wharf and resturants. Customer Service was great and would dfntly re-visit the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Gomersal-08
<Content>average city hotel, extremely expensive This is an average busines style hotel which is faceless and character less.. Our double queen room was tiny and the Queen beds were smaller than european double beds. We also requested a fold-away which was dumped just inside the door so we had to re-arange the furniture. Unfortunately, although this is a non-smoking hotel, the people next door (there was an adjoining door) chose to be selfish and ignore this so we had to ask to move rooms and the stench of cigarette smoke was overpowering. The front desk moved us immediatly, but we had to move our luggage and then call for the rollaway to be brought up. Although there were 4 of us, we were only given complimentary breaskfasts for two. At almost $400 for the night, this was too much. Poor value and extrmely average - try somewhere else.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>Todnick
<Content>Steps away from Fisherman's Wharf We stayed for two nights at the Hilton on Fisherman's Wharf and had an enjoyable experience. We arrived quite late on a Thursday night and there was no one to greet us at the door or help us with our bags. This was a little unusual for a Hilton, even at that hour. The front desk staff was very pleasant and checked us in promptly.The room was a good size with a king bed, small sitting area and a desk. The television was standard, not one of the flat screens that you see in a lot of the other Hiltons. The bathroom was average size but had nice toiletries and plenty of space to lay out your belongings. The room also had a small safe, which I always find very convenient.We had vouchers for the breakfast buffet as we are Hilton Gold members. I was a little surprised that they charged an extra $10 per person if you had any of the hot breakfast choices. It seemed a bit like nickel and dimeing to me.The hotel is small and cozy and in an absolutely terrific location within walking distance of all the sights on Fisherman's Wharf. We really enjoyed walking down to visit the old boats that are being refurbished, the little shops and great cafes and restaurants.You are also very close to two cable car lines, taxis and buses for local transportation. We didn't bother renting a car and didn't need one.I would highly recommend The Blue Mermaid for either lunch or dinner. They have fresh seafood, but their signature dishes are their excellent chowders. They come to Newport, RI every year for the Chowder competition and beat out some of the best in New England. Well worth it.A few bumps at the Hilton, but overall an enjoyable experience.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Aerowing
<Content>Great location to all the SanFrancisco attractions       Hilton at Fishermans Wharf  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Paul_Thomas_UK
<Content>Yes it's a hilton but still very comfortable  This hotel was the first of many my fiancee and I stayed in whilst touring the National Parks of the South West USA over two weeks in May/June '08.I travel a lot and stay in many chained hotels both on business and independant travelling.We found this hotel to be superb. The staff were all very friendly and helpful in our tourist questions. The check in staff were equally very helpful in getting us checked in after our 12 hours of flying.Stayed in Room 164 which was spacious with a very comfortable king size bed. Outlook was of the courtyard and next to the gym but neither were of any problems.Ideally situated for the Piers. Two blocks down, turn right and you are right in the middle of the tourist scene. Two or so blocks further across and Pier 39 is there, a 10-15 minute walk.Yes there is only one lift, yes there are no flat screen TVs that your kids can play their video games on but is that really that important to rate it down?!?  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SydneySalai
<Content>It's a Hilton We used our HiltonHonors points to stay here for our Girl Scout Bridging ceremony. We had a good time. The weather was gorgeous though windy and a bit chilly. Souvenir shops are just around the block as is the Fisherman's Wharf and Pier 39. My chief complaint is that there is only ONE bank of elevators and we were on the opposite end in room 339. THE ROOM: We faced Bay St and at night the place was quiet. We slept comfortably. Saturday night got a little noisy and rowdy but it didn't last long. We never did find the pool - is there one? The front desk staff were very curt - not offering up much info about the city. *But I found the natives to be a pretty grumpy group for such a beautiful city. I kept my windows open the entire stay and on our last day there, the occupant next door took up smoking and it would drift right into our room. We ordered pizza, spaghetti and ravioli from Napoli's (they deliver until 3 AM) and it was delicious and very inexpensive. True italian fare. There's a Harley Davidson store around the corner and it seemed like an unusually high number of Hogs rolled by day n' night but we're Harley fans so it didn't bother us any.HIGH EXPECTATIONS: I wish the rooms were more modern. Our kids couldn't play their video games on the TV which kinda surprised me. All of our other Hiltons had flatscreens. The computer room only had ONE PC/printer which was just silly. This is a basic Hilton - comfortable and clean. A place to rest your weary feet. I think the hotel staff went thru my luggage as I never bother locking my suitcases (closing the clasps) and when we returned that evening - most of our suitcases were locked. Nothing stolen, so no harm done but I'm still convinced my missing $40 was cherrypicked from my dirty laundry.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	2	2	1	

<Author>mani_and_me
<Content>Great Stay - Overall!!!! We chose this hotel from a time share presentation we did here in Los Angeles. We had a choice of two different Hiltons for 2 nights and 3 days...We paid $30 and reserved our days which had to be Sun through Thurs.We chose Sun 27th-Tues 29th... We arrived at the hotel around 10:30am and only intended on checking our luggage to go walk around but of course we asked for early check in... They had rooms available so we got were given our room.. We were on the third floor it was a bit noisy but we didn't mind. We had to pay our daily taxes which was $17 per day...This hotel had free internet, the first time we used the internet it felt like we were using dial up but when I used it again it was better... Overall, we have no complaints about our stay, the staff was friendly, the location was very convenient!!!!!! And we got to stay in the hotel for a couple nights for under $100 - Who would complain about that??? NOT US!!!!  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Imani68
<Content>Noisy Hotel This was hotel was incredibly loud. At first I thought my room (#370) was near a vending machine area but it was not. Nor was it near a bank of elevators. It sounded like I was next door to an industrial sized washing machine. My fellow conference attendees noted the same problems so I didn't think reporting it to staff would resolve the issue. I would definitely hesitate to rebook or recommend this Hilton location even though it is in a prime location near the wharf tourist attractions.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>familyfromoz
<Content>Great location Our family of 2 adults and 2 children stayed 4 nights in a comfortable standard room with two double beds on the 1st floor. Our room faced the street and being so close to the ground floor was a little noisey. Next time I would ask for a courtyard facing room. The room was clean, modern and well maintained and up to the normal Hilton standard. Coffee maker but no minibar or fridge. Gym but no pool. We booked through Hotels.com and found the 4 day rate to be much better than the 3 day rate.The location is super. Easy access to Fisherman's wharf, 2 cable car lines, trolly car, busses, Budget and Hertz.. More importantly easy to find driving from the Northern side of the Golden Gate Bridge.All of the major hotels in Fisherman's wharf are located within a couple of blocks and have access to cafes, diners and plenty of restaurants. Bikes are available for day hire close by and the ride across the GG Bridge is something special.The Ferry to Alcatraz is a 20 minute flat walk along the waterfront.A Towncar to the airport is $45 to $50 depending on the time of day and Taxi about the same. A great location for tourists of all ages.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>cincyp
<Content>Nice location, needs renovation The hotel is in a decent location close to the piers and north beach, and marina. The rooms were very average in my opinion. I was upgraded to a deluxe king room which was very large but not luxurious at all. The shower had mold on the tiles and the carpet looked about 20 years old. I have stayed in hampton inns that look more updated. The rooms don't even have flat screen tvs in them which I thought was standard in Hiltons now. The pool area was pretty nice and the gym was good. The breakfast was also really good. The parking is under the hotel which was convient if you don't want valet. Overall a decent hotel which could be turned into a very nice place with some more modern updates to the rooms.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	5	5	5	

<Author>tetech
<Content>Pleasant all-round stay       Bathroom  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	-1	3	

<Author>cyno503
<Content>First Time in SF - Great Location       View of Alcatraz during an early morning walk  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	2	

<Author>Genevax
<Content>Great location We didn't have a set course of travel during our stay in San Francisco and ended staying in the city an extra day. We wandered over to the Hilton @ Fisherman's Wharf after staying at the Hilton Towers in Downtown. The rate wasn't too bad for a walk-in last minute deal - $149.00 for (2) full beds and a roll-away bed.I should have asked for breakfast vouchers though during check-in. $81.00 for four of us!!! Ouch!Parking was abuot $31.00/day - cheaper than The Towers at $51.00/day.Rooms were smaller for sure, but nice and cozy with pillows and such. Missed the referigerator though.Access to Fisherman's Wharg is fantastic - great for the family.We would stay again.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Travelinghusky
<Content>Great Location, Bad Room I just returned from a one day trip to San Francisco and stayed at the Hilton. From the outside of the hotel it looks very nice and even the lobby and hallways. The hotel is located in a great location to Fisherman's Wharf, only about 2-3 blocks away. It's in a nice area. That was the best part of it. They recently increased the parking rates but they were nice enough to give me the old rate which was on my confirmation when I booked the hotel. The room however was another story. The rooms look a little bit outdated. The bed was really comfortable and I enjoyed all of the pillows. However the room had a horrible/annoying smell to it. I could not tell what it was. The bathroom had rust leaking from the wall to the tub which was really disgusting. The location is great but the room I had was horrible. The room was not that of other Hiltons in San Francisco or elsewhere that I stayed.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>TakesPix
<Content>Convenient localtion, clean room, bizarre experience with the lobby concierge We checked in to the Hilton on a Tuesday night for a two night stay. After reading some previous reviews we weren't expecting much, but we were staying for free on Hilton Honors Points, and you can't complain much when it's free. Check-in was efficient and pleasant, with our reservation in order.Our king room was very clean, much larger than expected, and quite comfortable. As other reviews have noted, it's unfortunate that there was no mini-fridge. There is a coffee maker and coffee is supplied.The bathroom was clean and supplied with Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries. The towels were generic hotel towels, decent sized but nothing special. It had one of those bowed shower rods so the curtain didn't stick to you--a very nice feature that many hotels seem to be adopting.The bed was quite comfortable. The room also had a desk and comfortable upholstered chair with ottoman. The view out the window was basically the back of the hotel on the other side of the block, although it was very quiet and we heard no street noise at all.Our first morning we could only get lukewarm water out of the shower. We called the front desk who said they had just turned the temperature up on the boiler, to wait about ten minutes and there should be hot water. They called back ten minutes later to ask if we now had hot water, and offered to move us to another room that they had checked and did have hot water if we wanted. By this time the water was warm enough to take a shower in--not hot, but acceptable for a quick shower, so we opted to keep that room rather than packing up. We did not experience the same problem the following morning and had steamy hot water. The fact that the front desk called back to verify the water was heating up and offered to move us to a room with verified hot water gives them two major thumbs up.We had the breakfast buffet in the lobby restaurant both mornings. Service was generally adequate, and the food was varied and good.The location is perfect, an easy walk to Fishermans Wharf or North Beach. There is a UPS Store half a block away if you need to ship things home.Our second night there we wanted to go to a Japanese Steakhouse in Japantown. We asked the lobby concierge if he could book us someplace. He seemed to be completely unfamiliar with what a Japanese steakhouse was, and kept trying to steer us to Korean, Chinese, and sushi places. I tried to explain that we were looking for a Benihana type of place, and he just didn't understand what I was referring to. I finally pulled out my Blackberry and found one on my own. I thought it was absurd and quite puzzling that a concierge in a fairly large tourist hotel in a major city didn't know what a Japanese Steakhouse was, and seemed to have never heard of the chain restaurant Benihana. Although there were a few minor inconveniences as mentioned above, we felt that overall the staff were truly trying to give their guests a pleasant stay, and we would return here and recommend it. This hotel is certainly worth a slightly discounted rack rate.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	2	-1	

<Author>IanInSanFran
<Content>Beware - they overbook and you may not have a room! I travel a lot for business and do not need the added stress of wondering whether I have a hotel room waiting for me at the end of the day.I booked a room at the Hilton - San Francisco Fisherman's Wharf and received a confirmation number from Hilton.I arrived at the hotel at 11:30 PM to find that they did not have a room for me, and were only able to offer me a room at a nearby inferior hotel. I was not the only person in this position, another lady was at reception at exactly the same time as me with the same story.I just wonder how many other guests had been overbooked and turned away earlier that evening.Well done Hilton Fisherman's Wharf!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hamletfan8
<Content>Fantastic! Our stay at this hotel exceeded our expectations. The staff was friendly and very helpful. Our room was sparkling clean, the beds were divinely comfortable and the front desk responded to our requests for some incidentals promptly. It was pouring rain and the hotel provided complimentary loaner umbrellas (which saved us). We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JohnnyElevator
<Content>As Expected, But awesome due to the price we paid We stayed 3 nights from 1/12/2008 - 1/15/2008 (Saturday - Tuesday). We booked through a bidding site and got the room for $60+ tax with the total rate per night being $71.Our room was on the 2nd floor (which is 3 floors up from street level), facing the inside courtyard. The room was very nice. Per Hilton's standards, we had a down comforter and down pillows. The king size bed was too soft for me, but this might be my personal preference. Our room also featured a nice sitting area, a clock radio that could be hooked up to a mp3/ipod player (note that this does not charge your ipod), a standard tv, plenty of cabinets to store our stuff, a tub/shower and Crabtree  Evelyn toiletries (excellent).We had no problem with any of the furnishings or equipment. Everything in our room was as expected and/or operated correctly. Since our room faced the inside courtyard, we did not have any street/road noise, although we did hear the people above us walking around in their room.I only wish our room had a mini-fridge. We found a Cost Plus market down the street that had an amazing selection of wines. Unfortunately without a mini-fridge we were forced to use the ice bucket to chill our wines. To make matters worse, the ice dispenser on our floor was broken for the entire duration of our stay. We had to venture to the 3rd floor to fill our ice bucket.As for the property, here are my observations and some facts. All rooms at Hilton's are non-smoking. To smoke you either have to venture to the courtyard or onto the street. So there is no confusion, the courtyard only has several patio tables with chairs and a couple of lounges. The courtyard is more like what one would find adjacent to an office building and not a Hilton. There were patio heaters in the courtyard, but none of them were operational during our visit. Additionally, the hotel features a restaurant, bar and exercise room. We didn't try any of these so no reviews available. With the multitude of excellent restaurants in SF, we had no desire to eat at the hotel. As for exercise, we walked everywhere and rented bikes for a day. The hotel is in the Wharf area and is among a multitude of other hotels and therefore the area is very touristy. As this was my girlfriend's first visit to SF, we appreciated being near the Wharf and cable car lines.Overall it is not on par with other Hilton's, but still met all of our needs. If you get this room at a 'sale' or discounted rate than the hotel is a great deal. If you have to pay Hilton's standard prices than you may be disappointed.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Casimir_8
<Content>Noisy and not nice We booked through hotwire for $79, which was a great rate for this area. However, we found that our reservation was good only for the first floor, street side rooms, which had awful windows that let in a huge amount of street noise. Also, the entire hotel could use a coat of paint. To add to this, the employee who checked us in treated us like the unwashed masses, unworthy of staying there, confined to the worst available rooms, undeserving of breakfast vouchers. Be prepared for the $32 a night parking fee, probably typical for this area. Though not view, location is excellent, with Aquatic Park beach in walking distance.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	1	3	3	

<Author>SubwayScoundrel
<Content>Great location for the wharf area Great location for the wharf area as it is 2 blocks away. Near cable car start and right in wharf area. Some people state that the street noise is high...yes...but it is in the city and not anymore than anyplace else. I did notice I could hear people walking in the room above me but not too bad. Plenty of restaurants around took the suggestion of the hotel and went to Pat's Cafe around the corner and it was very good and filling. There also is a Denny's one block away (24 hours) for cheaper eats any time of day or night. Lobby was nice and beds were comfortable but nothing fancy. Typical Hilton and that is OK by my book. Clean, above basic and has the typical hitlon stuff.If I had one complaint, it would be I had to wait at the Conceireige (sic) desk for a while to get my luggage out of storage and when the people at the desk finally looked over while I stood there, they called them but it took a while to get them to unlock the luggage storage closet. I beleive he was busy doing something so that is OK. The guy then went out to wave me a cab and could not get one due to the big Oracle conference. He gave me a bus number that could get me to Caltrain. He finally got me a cab which on the way to Caltrain, there were people at every hotel trying to wave down cabs.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>GAFam3
<Content>Exceeded our Expectations We stayed three nights at the Hilton in Fisherman's Wharf from 10/14-10/17/07. This being my first visit to the area I was torn between staying in Fisherman's Wharf and staying in town. This hotel location was perfect for walking to the activities/restaurants in Fisherman's Wharf, riding the trolly cars to the Ferry Building and in walking distance to the cable-car turnaround. The hotel staff couldn't have been more pleasant and helpful. We found the restaurant to be great for a quick breakfast before a full day of activities. Our room was beautiful and the housekeeping staff did an excellent job keeping our room clean and stocked with all the necessary toiletries. The housekeeping staff even replaced the showerhead after our first day without us even having to request it. We thought the water pressure was just low in effort to save water---the new shower head proved our theory wrong. I would highly recomment this hotel and would definatley stay there again on a future trip.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>leop
<Content>Nice hotel We stayed at the hilton for two nights as part of a Caravan tour. unlike other viewers who say the hotel was noisy, we stayed in a section which faced a courtyard, and the room was very quiet..others in our group did face the street and commented that it was a bit noisy there......the room was clean and relatively new, the staff was pleasant and helpful, and went out of the way to help us with a problem we had with a piece of luggage that was damaged at the airport...the location is fine if you want to be near fisherman's wharf, but if I had a choice, I would have stayed up near union square, I think that is a better location overall....but I have nothing bad to say about this two story hotel, everything was just fine, including the breakfast there which is quite good.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joisey-joe
<Content>okay place - some good - some things to be aware of we paid $99 for this through hotwire -- which is a great rate for a big city within walking distance of attractions (fish. wharf particularly) -- parking was steep (even steeper than lombard street)-- but combined with room  tax, it still seemed reasonable to me -- service is slow (as others have noted) -- make sure you get the rightsize bed -- our fault for not specifiying, requesting a change........unless they stick bargain payers in rooms with 2 on purpose ;-) --- room was fine otherwise and we don't usually need much more  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Kel1982
<Content>Great San Fran! This trip was the first stop on a twin centre holiday to America, with our second stop being Las Vegas. We decided to stay at the Hilton Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf primarily due to the reputation of the Hilton chain, and on arrival we were not disappointed. It is located 2 minutes from the wharf where you will find lots of restaurants, shops and bars. The hotel is a nice size and the rooms are very large for 2 people and extremely clean. They have a nice bar and we found the concierge desk extremely helpful when we needed some questions answered about the area. If you are intending on seeing the sights of San Francisco there is a tourist office at the end of the road overlooking the wharf that offers lots of different tours at a really good price. We decided to book our bus city tour here and paid $80 each. It was a full day and extremely well organised with a very knowledgeable bus driver. One trip not to be missed of course is Alcatraz. We had however heard that the Alcatraz tour gets extremely busy and decided to book this before we left the UK. I would strongly recommend that you do this as the queue was very long for people who had not pre booked and you would be missing out if you didn鈥檛 get to visit.The other trip we decided to book before leaving the UK was a day trip to Yosemite National Park. My boyfriend didn鈥檛 seem to keen on the 5 hour coach trip up there but once we arrived he agreed that it was well worth the long day (15 Hours). The park is amazing and definitely worth seeing if you like taking the odd photo!!!! We even got to see a bear! I would advise dressing light though as the weather was very different from San Fran, where you almost always need a jumper. Although the park is huge and people stay in the lodges for weeks in order to explore the park the day trip does allow you enough time to have a look at the amazing scenery and waterfalls. We even had time to raft down a stretch of the river. I booked the tour through a website called Extranomical Tours and paid $120 each. I still can鈥檛 believe how cheap it was. This was definitely a highlight of our holiday and my boyfriend still talks about how amazing it was now. You won鈥檛 be disappointed. Finally, for those who like a good restaurant I did try to book a table before we left the UK for my boyfriends birthday, and as I had heard very good things about a restaurant called Garry Danko I tried to get us a table there. Even 2 weeks before departure they could only offer us a 5pm slot, which we decided to turn down in the end. However the restaurant is only 2 minutes from the Hilton and is said to be the best in San Fran by the locals. So I would highly recommend booking that up early. We did however visit Farallon (which was kindly booked for us by the concierge desk). Farallon is an underwater themed restaurant specialising in seafood and is definitely well worth a visit and did make up for us missing out on visiting Garry Danko. San Fran is an amazing place to visit and I would definitely like to return.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelhappie
<Content>There are probably better options in the area Our party of 2 adults, 2 kids stayed here for a weekend getwaway (2 nights). As Hilton members, we do try to stay at Hiltons most of the time. Unfortunately, I wished I had stayed at the Hyatt next door. I wasn't expecting much, but it wasn't like it was a cheap hotel. The linens were nice, but the bed was way too soft. The street noise was quite loud from our 2nd floor room and we could hear noises from the hallway and the rooms next to us clearly. Also, our toilet overflowed and while we fixed it ourselves, it never worked quite right after that. The breakfast at Vintners was decent, but it didn't change at all while we were there. You would think it would vary a little from day to day. The front desk and bellhop were very cordial, but nothing out of the way.The only great thing is the location. Walking distance to the wharf, cable cars and Ghiradelli, but there are many other options in the area. Despite being Hilton Honors members, we may try the Hyatt the next time we are in the area.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>LouMonika
<Content>Worth recommending for location if you can get a good price I agree with reviews commending the tourism location of this hotel (about 3 blocks from Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 39, etc. and direclty at the terminus for the Powell-Mason cable car line). I disagree with the overly critical reviews about room and hotel quality -- at least in our 4 night stay we didn't experience broken fixtures, poor water pressure, or poor cleanliness -- the room was clean and everything worked fine -- it was decent sized with a nice bench at the window. This is a small hotel and doesn't have an over the top lobby like some other Hilton tower or larger properties in major cities. But the beds were above average -- I think they call them Hilton Beds with upgraded linens,f eather pillows, etc. Toiletries were good quality too. No flat screen tvs yet, but the room was clean, well furnished, and upscale. Parking in the hotel and in the area was, however, outrageously expensive, ie low $30s per night. Restaurant had a continental breakfast Hilton may give you coupons for if you are a member of the Hilton HHonors program -- call and ask. Again, for the tourist location, very worth recommending this hotel if you can get a good (ie IMO $200 or less) discounted rate.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>JimmyJJr
<Content>NOT Worth It! I had booked this hotel because Hilton is a very reliable, comfortable, clean hotel chain. But of ALL the hotels (and motels) I've ever stayed in, this was one of thw worst, and for a Hilton, it should be raised and rebuilt. The restaurant is only open until 10, so room service is out of the question at night. My room smelled like mold. The toilet leaked, the shower had NO water pressure and the noise from the street below kept waking me up. The furniture is, as best, shabby chic. I can't even believe this is a Hilton Hotel...While most of the staff was nice, they didn't really do much in the way of making me feel welcomed or comfortable. Especially when I got the bill. Over $200 in charges that I didn't even make 鈥?room service, which I never ordered, a parking charge, when I didn't have a car, and double billing for internet. This place is worth, at best, $45 a night, not $200+. I recommend this place to no one.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mlaskowski83
<Content>Location, location, location. We capped off our visit to San Francisco in May with one night at the Hilton Fisherman's Wharf. Taking advantage of some Hilton HHonors points I had stashed away, we ended up paying only for parking for our one-night stay. Our room on the top floor was surprisingly large and featured an amazing view of the downtown skyline to the southeast. At the Hilton Fisherman's Wharf it's all about location. Nestled in the heart of San Francisco's tourist district, the Hilton is a great choice for those looking to take in the sights and sounds of the city. Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 39, Ghirardelli Square, Lombard Street and the cable car turnaround are all just a few blocks away. Chinatown, downtown, ATT Park and other attractions are a bit further and can easily be reached via trolley, cable car or taxi. Location comes at a price though as most hotels in the Fisherman's Wharf district carry a pricey nightly rate. Add on parking ($32 per day at the Hilton) and your costs for a visit to one of the most expensive cities in the U.S. will add up fast if you don't plan well in advance.The hotel staff was friendly and helpful. Questions about the surrounding area including directions and transportation options were easily and happily answered by members of the Hilton team. The front desk was short-staffed at check-in though with only one agent processing check-ins and answering phones with a line of four groups waiting to be helped. I'd definitely stay at the Hilton Fisherman's Wharf again if in the area, especially if I had additional HHonors points to spare. Our one-night experience was pleasant and you couldn't ask for a better location in the Fisherman's Wharf area.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	2	3	3	

<Author>fkaway
<Content>Middle class hotel at tourist center = ok This hotel strikes with is at proximity to Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf, just next to the Hyatt, Marriott and Holiday Inn. Just few walking minutes away to the touristic heart of the city. And from here you鈥檒l walk approx. 15mins. to the crookedest street (Lombard St) and another 15mins. to Little Italy/Chinatown. A cab ride back you from Union Square, the heart of the city costs you approx. $9 and takes 10 min. To walk it鈥檚 kinda exhausting as it鈥檚 going up and down, sometimes very steep.Our room on the 3rd floor facing the daylight busy street was ok for 3 adults incl. rollaway bed and had internet for charge, Iron board, inroom safe. Everything was standard, no business lounge and nothing outstanding but helpful front desk clerks. Only our female concierge needs a bit more enthusiasm. Against her suggestion we gladly decided to take the Cablecar Fun Tour which only lasts 2 1/2hrs and costs $25.- p. person. Absolutely recommendable and the shortest way to sightsee the city by coach, in a fun way.Restaurants at Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf obviously costs 15-20% more than elsewhere in the city and aren鈥檛 always the best choices. As European we enjoyed our best espresso/coffee on our 3-weeks USA-crosscountry-trip here at the Caf茅 Roma in Little Italy.Selfparking at the hotel own garage costs $32, valet for $35.- per night. There鈥檚 a small exercise room with few treadmills and a exercise machine, limited amount of dumbbells. And there鈥檚 a outdoor pool. Don鈥檛 forget to bring a jacket and trousers with you as even in summer time there might be a chilly wind.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>jwachh
<Content>Great Location This is an average hotel, in a GREAT location. Our stay got off on a rocky start when we found out that the roll away bed we had reserved would cost an additional $20 per night. We were also only provided with breakfast for three persons when our reservation was for 4. After taking the matter up with the hotel manager, we were given the breakfast for the fourth person in our room and were not charged for the roll away bed.At a first rate hotel we would not have had these issues to begin with. I found it somewhat odd that the front desk personel had buttons on wanting to make our stay a 10 but could not or would not do anything to take care of our issue until I requested a manager.For the most part during our stay I found the front desk people not very friendly. They would say hello, but only if you spoke to them first. The concergie was very helpful as was the bell staff.Our 3rd floor room was very clean and pretty quiet at night even though we overlooked the city street below.The true beauty of this hotel was the location. A short walk to the Wharf  Pier 39 one way and a couple blocks to the cable car stop. We did alot of walking and found it very easy to get around. We would stay at the Hilton again, it was clean and convenient. But the service just is not what you would expect at a Hilton.  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>iwork4u247
<Content>Good Location We stayed at the Hilton Fishermans Wharf as part of a complimentary trip we received to San Francisco.The staff was very helpful for us, as our reservation was non-existent when we first arrived. There had been some miscommunication between the company booking it and the hotel, but Robert was so helpful and got everything taken care of forus. The hotel was very nice, and in a great location. The rooms we had was quite nice, overlooking the courtyard. We were able to walk to Ghiradelli Square, and Pier 39. The trolley was close enough that we hopped on it to go see other sights. It is close to restaurants, nightlight, etc, which was great for us as well. The parking is$32/day, which seemed high and there is a charge for internet of $10/day, but being San Francisco, we expected it somewhat. Overall the stay we had was great, and we would stay at the Hilton again.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cab514
<Content>Great location but a wee bit noisy Stayed here for two nights with my husband and 12 year old daughter. After spending 2 nights in hotels that were suites, we felt a bit cramped in our room even though it was a good size. The room was clean and the beds comfortable (although one sagged a bit in the middle).The valet parking was a nice touch and all the staff with whom we were in contact were very pleasant.The location of this hotel is wonderful. Only a few blocks from Fisherman's Wharf and all the shops and restaurants. Because of all the dining options in San Francisco, we didn't eat at the hotel.My only complaint was that the room was rather noisy - even with the windows shut. The hotel is in the process of being renovated which will hopefully take care of this problem.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>terravisum
<Content>Good location, average rooms We used our HHonors points to book a free room for two days including the New Year's Eve to see the fireworks at the Fisherman Wharf.Upon check-in our HHonors status was recognized and we were upgraded into a corner room on the second floor. We were also given breakfast voucher for the continental breakfast in the small restaurant on the main floor. The room was smaller than the usual standard Hilton room and quite dark in tones. The bed however was quite comfortable despite the room age. The single room bathroom is well stocked with the usual Evelyn  Crabtree products. The best thing about this room is a nice large window's sill which can be used as a place to sit and read a nice book watching the actions folding out in the streets).The continental breakfast is just a few muffins and bagels with juices and fruits. On equal footing with any Four Points and certainly not the caliber of a 4 stars Hilton.We had some issues with our checkout bill regarding parking fees which we did not used. However, the issue was promptly resolved by the front desk.The location of the Hilton is quite good. Just a few blocks from Fisherman Wharf. Close enough to the actions, yet far enough to have some peace and quiet if you are looking for it.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Dduvall1425
<Content>Great Location, Clean Rooms We arrived on Thursday at 10 am. and our room was not available - check in isn't until 3 or 4. However, another relative traveling with us received the last room so we stored our luggage in their room as we wanted to drive to the wine country for the day. We drove over the Golden Gate Bridge to get there and it was wonderful in Sonoma. It wasn't too far from the hotel. However, from there we went to Napa and it is far between the two. Do not let anyone tell you they are close - they are not. Then drove from Napa back to hotel. Very easy hotel location to navigate. Very close to the Wharf Pier 39 and a few blocks the other way is Ghiradelli Square. They are doing major renovations here. Very close to this hotel is a Denny's restaurant. The other hotels very close are Marriott and Holiday Inn. This hotel was old but well kept and there was complimentary coffee in the rooms. There are no views as this hotel is not very tall. There is a parking garage attached and they do charge $38 per 24 hour time frame. Fortunately, we arrived at 7 pm and left at 7 am, our parking was only $18.00. I would recommend this hotel if only for the location.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>dfabulous63
<Content>Not the Best Hilton but Good Location This is, by far, not the best Hilton I've ever stayed at as far decor and ammenities. But, it was a VERY good location, large rooms and sufficient for what we needed. We used our Hilton Honors Points so the 3 night stay was free but if paying cash, I would not have forked out what they wanted for a room. Concierge was slightly rude and the breakfast host/waiter was very rude. We were on the 2nd floor and we could hear the person above us walking/stomping around and could hear their tv. You could tell when they got up every morning by the stomping and noise. Also, could tell when they came in and when to bed at night by the stomping/noise or lack thereof.... My husband's biggest complaint was the serious lack of hot water for a shower in the mornings. I took evening showers and they were nice and hot but he complained they were cold in the mornings. I finally took one morning shower and found that he was right. The water went completely cold after about 1 minute. As for the front desk, they gave out wrong info twice when we asked about shuttles and directions. They even argued amongst themselves about directions - too funny! The only really nice person was the female bartender. By the final day, we gave up trying to interact with any of the staff. We just rushed thru the lobby to our room and vice versa to leave. I would stay here again only if I had enough points to stay for free again.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>nick-7
<Content>wonderful hotel!!!!! We stayed at the hilton fishermans worf from the 10th feb to the 17th feb and i would recomend it to anyone who wishes to be close to the main attractions at san fran. the rooms were large and very comfartable with tea and coffee making fercilaties. The staff could'nt do enough for you when you rang room service they were there in a flash, and if you wanted a taxi there would be one waiting for you. we only usally had beckfast at the hotel but that was tipical american huge portions and delish!!!!!. just up from our room there was an enterance out to the court yard a small area were you could go for a sit in the sun or have a glass of wine and there were allways friendly people you could chat to.what a fantastic holiday at the hilton fishermans worf. well done hilton fab hotel!!!!!!.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Bubbly_B
<Content>Small Room, Bad Food, Great Location We stayed here for 5 nights during our 5 week stay in the USA. The location was great, walking distance to Fishermans Wharf. I didn't find it too noisy. I was expecting a larger hotel and was a little shocked to find it was only 3 stories high which is as high as hotels can be built in that area.We were give a room with 2 double beds, which felt more like singles we could not fit 2 people in them at all!! The room was really small and the bathroom was so tiny. We stayed in Hiltons on our trip all the way and this was the worst. We ordered room service a couple of times and the quality was really terrible! The food was either burnt or raw and nothing tasted nice at all. The staff were friendly and the hotel was kept very clean. Location is perfect. But the rooms are small and stay away from the room service!!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>3	2	1	4	4	4	1	3	

<Author>nvkris11
<Content>Great Location I stayed at this hotel when I visited SF for a conference. The quality of the hotel was what I expected from Hilton. The hotel is in an excellent location on the Wharf and I felt safe in the neighbourhood even at late hours.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>bb5555
<Content>Decent, would have been upset if I paid full price Booked three nights via Priceline. Check in was quick and front desk staff very friendly. Room size was a bit on the smaller side, with a view of a wall in the courtyard. Room was 2 double beds, with a small desk, and seemed to be fairly recently renovated. Windows did open about a foot however, and it was nice to get some fresh air in the room. The shower in the bathroom was VERY light the first 2 days, but all of a sudden was full power the last day, which was odd. I just figured that it was a green showerhead and didn't complain. The worst part was both mornings, (Sunday and Monday) there was loud banging starting at around 7 or 8 am. Enough to wake me up and keep me from getting back to sleep. There was a sign outside of the hotel that said they were doing construction, but it didn't click until I called the front desk at 7:30 AM on Monday to complain and the noise stopped within 2 minutes. On a side note, my friend did a priceline bid for the same price and same star level (3) and received the Holiday Inn across the street. His room wasn't nearly as nice as the Hilton. It was in need of renovation and sort of dingy. I was satisfied overall with my stay here.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Irish.Newlywed
<Content>Very Disappointing Myself and my husband stayed in for 3 nights while touring California on Honeymoon. To be honest, I found the interior of the hotel quite dated and grubby. The staff were not friendly or helpful. They issue vouchers for breakfast, and it was a big deal and drama every morning to get ours, even though they repeatedly promised to slip them under our room door in the evening. Also the room was dirty. Small and dirty, and I felt really uncomfortable there. Their 'Bar' had no atmosphere or resembalance to a bar. The lady who sits at the tourist info desk, was by far the most rudest person we met in America. They wouldn't even let us use their phone after we found out our car hire company had relocated, and we needed to know where to find them. We ended up going into the Hyatt hotel around the corner and they helped us!!!! Much nicer hotel by the way. Wouldn't stay here at the Hilton again, would not advise anyone to stay here. Dirty and unhelpful.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aa05
<Content>Excellent Location! Like some of the other reviewers, I thought this hotel was in an excellent location in San Francisco. I went to San Francisco for the first time for a weekend visit, and this hotel was in the perfect location. It was about 2-3 blocks from the actual waterfront area, which is great because you do not have to deal with any of noise from the people hanging out there, but it is close enough for you to walk to the restaurants and shops. And it was not in the middle of downtown either. It was also close to the Chinatown/North Beach area with great little cafes and restaurants, and a great truffle place! Yum!Given that this was my first trip to SF, I wanted to see as much as I could in the city so I did not spend too much time in the actual hotel. When we got to the hotel, we were offered a free upgrade to a bigger room, which ended up being the handicapped-accessible room. That was actually a great thing because everything was bigger - the bathroom, bed, doorways, and especially the open space. And everything was clean. No view to speak of, but again, I was not there to spend time in the room staring out of the window. The people at the front desk were very helpful with suggestions on tours and restaurants. The self-parking was $28 a day with in and out privileges and high-speed internet access was $10 a day. There is a pool and an exercise room, neither of which I used. There is also a restaurant and bar in the lobby, but again, I did not visit either of them (and neither should you if you are vacationing in SF - tons of great restaurants all around the city!).I would definitely come back again. In the same area, there is also a Holiday Inn, Marriott, Hyatt, and Sheraton, so you might also want to consider those hotels as well if the location is the main attraction for you.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>J9p
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Great Location My husband and I decided to take a small vacation to San Francisco and decided to stay at the Hilton Fisherman's Wharf. We loved the hotel. It was very clean, the staff was so nice AND helpful, and the hotel was in a great location. We were only a few blocks away from Pier 41 and Pier 39, short walk to the Cable Car stop, about a 15-20 minute walk away from North Beach, and all the tours we took picked us up right in front of the hotel. Lastly, we were only about 20 minutes from the airport. Helpful tip: there are shuttle vans that you can take to/from the airport for only $14 - $15. Make sure you allow enough time to get to the airport, though, since the vans usually make several stops before getting to the airport. Also, the hotel has a computer in the lobby for you to check into your flight, and check on your flight status, which is very helpful. We booked the hotel through Hilton directly via phone and got a better deal than anywhere online. They had a Bed and Breakfast package (for 2) for $209 per night (plus tax). The breakfast was a full buffet breakfast and was very good. This was the best deal from a reputable hotel that I could find. I highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>working4vacations
<Content>Nice and clean The room was nice and clean but small. The twin room came with 2 Super single beds (smaller than queen size). We had an additional removable bed at no extra charge. The price of the room did not include breakfast. There was a little bit of noise from the traffic on the street. Some of the reception staff was friendly and helpful, others were very reluctant to help. This hotel had a tie-up with Avis. We rented a car from Avis through the hotel. The reception staff and concierge agreed to allow us to drop off our keys with them and they would return it to Avis (2 blocks away) but the staff on duty the next day said they were not able to do it. We were told that the concierge was on leave on Monday and there was nobody to stand in for him! On our last day, we received 2 hotel bills through the slot under the door - 1 for our room and another for another room! These were the only 2 negative experience. Housekeeping and everything else was good. Overall, a decent hotel, average value for money, but I was expecting better service from the front desk staff.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	3	5	3	2	3	

<Author>urbanminx
<Content>Great service at a nice hotel What can I say? The hotel was very nice, better than anticipated because of a lot of the negative reviews I read for some of the hotels near the Wharf. The decor was decent, not terribly exciting but much better than average - the bed was plush, the plasma a nice touch, the bathroom larger than average by San Francisco standards. Didn't hear any outside noise, slept great, and the staff was very gracious and accommodating. Here's a little tip - upon arrival, my son and I were whisked away to the wrong room. Because of changes on their computer, the desk clerk was unaware of the fact that there was actually an oversized room (which I paid extra for while booking online). He insisted we were wrong. Perhaps he was new? I had to call the 800 number to inquire further into our dispute and yes, there is an oversized room and I wasn't on some fairy dust.The manager promptly moved us to our room of choice - while it was nice to have a little sitting area near the window - (a couch), save your money and stick to the standard room. It was just as nice and even a wee bit cozier. I'd definitely stay here again. One last thing - I accidentally ordered web tv and the hotel prompty took off the charge, without question, in addition to some other questionable charges. Service is definitely number one here. But then, my attitude was pretty good and perhaps it's a get what you give sort of deal.Also, the bell hops were nice, too, not overly ingratiating but genuinely helpful. They let me park my car outside for an extended amount of time while I settled in.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Girloadventure
<Content>Perfectly serviceable Stayed one night recently en route to wine country and found the staff to be friendly and welcoming. The hotel is close to Fisherman's Wharf and many wonderful restaurants. It is not a high rise, just two or three stories, and the rooms are not the fab new W-style Hilton rooms but instead offer a clean, sturdy place to stay. We were away from the elevators and the street and everything was very quiet. Parking in the garage is around $40 a night if you have a rental car. Breakfast the next morning is bufet. Very decent if included in room rate.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>seasonedbutyoung
<Content>Great location and hotel - awful noise! We stayed at the Hilton Fisherman's Wharf for four nights at the beginning of August. We received a warm welcome from the reception staff, who were very friendly and helpful. The parking valet was also very happy to help. The elevators are a little old and slow and worried my claustrophobic girlfriend. We stayed on the second floor in room 207, which was a twin as opposed to the King that we requested. This didn't bother us and we were too tired to fuss. The room was clean and well-appointed. There was an excellent range of toiletries in the bathroom. That night, we realised that the window backed onto the main road and suffered from a broken clasp - thus, around 90% of the outside street noise was allowed into the room, making it VERY difficult to sleep. In the end, we resorted to ear-plugs. The location of the hotel is fantastic, being sufficiently set back from Fisherman's Wharf to avoid the crowds. It is around a ten minute walk to Pier 39. One day we walked from Union Square and it probably took us about an hour, stopping en-route to see Lombard Street etc. We returned to the room one day to discover that the maid had left our door open; however, luckily nothing had been taken. I intended to complain but had completely forgotten by the time we checked out. I would definately stay at the Hilton Fisherman's Wharf again, but I would certainly not stay in Room 207. Go for one around the corner opposite the lifts (starting at room 220 I believe).  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>DO NOT stay here!! Terrible service. Grumpy staff. Our family of 6 stayed here for 3 nights. We had 2 rooms with VERY SMALL double beds. Street noise was awful! Rooms are too small. Breakfast not included in room charge. Bathrooms and rooms need updating. Bathroom lighting is terrible and buzzes when it's on. Our internet reservation confirmation through Hilton said that internet was free; hotel staff said it wasn't. They won that battle. Then they charged us a tax on the parking garage fee! This was not on our confirmation either so the very irritable and grumpy desk clerk said he would credit us for the amount. When he gave us the receipt, it looked like a charge to me so I questioned it. He said it was a credit. Just got our VISA statement. Guess what? He CHARGED us!! So now we have that battle to fight AGAIN. The front desk staff was grumpy and had attitude. We hated it so much we asked to check out a day early and they wanted to charge us $75 per room so we stayed. We will never stay there again. Also, I've contacted Hilton twice about our problems and have yet to receive a response. Don't stay here! It's bad!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>rudimt
<Content>noisy neighbours stayed at this hotel for three nights in june found the hotel clean and tidy reception gave reasonably warm welcome but when we asked for a quiet room having just flown from scotland a very long flight he said hotel full and although we had an inward facing room it looked directly onto what i think was air conditioning units therefore constant buzz from units and we had to turn our own airconditionig off as it was to noisy during the night however we might have been better keeping it on as i am afraid you could here the people upstairs indulging in sex every night of our stay a little off putting to say the least and not something you want to hear i have stayed in hundreds of hotels but never been subjected to this before. area nice and handy for tourists breakfast reasonable we did enjoy our stay in san francisco before going to las vegas and then a wedding in orlanda  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>nebraskamom
<Content>enjoyed our stay at the Hilton I got this hotel through Priceline, and stayed there for 3 nights last week. I requested an inside room (faces the courtyard instead of the street) with 2 beds, and got exactly what I requested (wasn't sure I would, since I got the room through Priceline). The room was very quiet, no street noise or noise from our neighbors. It was also very clean, and quite large. We had the 2 double beds, a loveseat, and even had a rollaway bed moved into the room, and still had room to spare. I was very pleased. While this is a fisherman's wharf hotel, it is not right on the wharf, so it's set apart from the tacky, touristy stuff. Its location made it a quick walk back from our night-time Alcatraz tour, and even in the dark we felt totally safe. It's very close to a bus line and the cable car turn-arounds, so it was a great location for us. The staff were always helpful and polite whenever we had a question. I would gladly stay at the Hilton again on my next visit to San Francisco!  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jpinaus
<Content>Very good hotel but too noisy We were here for 1 night. The room was large and very clean and the staff was very polite and helpful.The only problem was that we had a room on the top level which was located directly under some air conditioning gear which made our night a bit like if we were sleeping in a cargo ship next to the machine room.We checked in late and left early so we did not want to change the room but if we had stayed longer, I would have definitely asked to have another room.Apart from that problem, it is an excellent hotel.  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WokinghamOwl
<Content>Ask for room on inside The rooms on the outside of the hotel can be very noisy. I've stayed here several times on business and always ask for a room over looking the central court yard as when I stayed in the other rooms the noise from the traffic kept me awake.Good location for Fishermans Wharf and the cable cars plus the Irish bar down the road isn't too bad.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place to stay My husband and two children (86) stayed at the Hilton for 3 nights. The rooms were clean and the location was very good as it was close to public transportation and the tourist sights. The room faced Jones Street and the windows were not insulated so we heard a lot of street noise. Other than that, we enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TravelMonkeyCanada
<Content>Good hotel We were here for 4 nights. The room was nice, big, and clean. The staff was all very good.Only negative was the front desk staff couldn't tell us where the local car rental outlets were (turns out they are only 2 blocks away -- Avis, Hertz, Enterprise).The neighborhood isn't great. Not busy at night and seems to be a bit of a dodgy end of Columbus Ave. Wouldn't walk it alone at night. Fairly flat walk up Columbus all the way downtown if you wish. Takes about 45 minutes.It's about a 5-10 minute walk to Pier 39, should you wish to visit that tourist trap. Ferry to Sausalito is a smidge closer (highly recommend the trip). Head the other way and it's only about 5-10 minutes to the twisty bits of Lombard Street. 1-2 blocks either way for either Cable Car line ($5 one-way). The #30 bus ($1.50) goes straight into downtown and the #15 stops reasonably close on the way back.The restaurant in the hotel can be skipped. Lots of over-priced options at the waterfront, or wander down Columbus to Little Italy.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>adebelper
<Content>Great location needs upgrading We apent a fwe days here on our way back to the UK from Hawaii. Great location and the staff were very friendly and helpful. Rooms a little jaded and a great suprise that being in a noisy location surrounded by busy roads that there was no double glazing. Indeed the existing widows did not fit properly so noise penetrated very easilly. Ask for a room at the front of the hotel as those at the back get the most noise  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location For first timers to San Francisco, we really lucked out with the location. We were central enough where we could walk to most places. The hotel was very clean  the staff was great! The rooms are nice and up to date and it is a great place for a comfortable stay in San Francisco.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Maryone
<Content>Great Little Getaway We stayed here for a couple of nights and it was a great little getaway. It was a stone's throw walk to the wharf and just a 5 minute walk into Chinatown. The location is excellent, easily accessible to all the hotspots without the noice and foot traffic. The hotel itself was nice, very quiet and clean. They had a great continental breakfast buffet for premier members (I think it was 5 dollars if you were not a member) with just enough breakfast goodies to get you going. They had a decent happy hour and the staff was nice and courteous. We would stay here again, hands down.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better Than Expected Found the Hilton location enough off the wharf to be away from the craziness and noise. Rooms were clean and staff was very helpful. Had small hotel feel. Have stayed at the Argonaut before and found this to be comparable.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jptravel
<Content>Decent at Best Depending on what you are looking for, the Hilton is just OK. If you want to stay near the Wharf, this hotel is only a 3 minute walk away and appears to be one of the nicer properties in the area. Other than location, the Hilton is nothing special. The room size is fine and the decor looks more contemporary than in the photos, but the hotel smells musty and over-disinfected. Additionally, the lighting in the room is non-existent. The bathroom lighting is okay however. Service was pleasant as well.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, location Stayed here a few nights recently while doing both work and some touring. The location is very good as is the location of the Marriott across the street or the Hyatt right down the block. I took the Bart from the airport to Powel Street and then rode the cable car (get the right one) to the hotel from there. The hotel is less than a block from the start of the cable car line. Kind of a cool way to commute and sightsee at the same time. If you have a car prepare to pay some big change to park in the underground garage.The hotel was okay, at best. I stay in Hilton Hotels around the world and this is not one of the nice ones. I do draw the line at the mold and mildew crawling up the shower curtain - they did replace this immediately when I called the front desk. Not so easy to fix on the tile, though. Good points were the location, fairly large room size, and quiet. Bed and pillows were good for me although the Hilton radio gadget they advertise sounds tinny and has only a pushbutton volume control - I'll bet the Hilton execs don't use this baby at home. Hotel personnel were okay with the front desk people being very short at times. I can't recommend the windowless restaurant in the hotel as the food was barely warm even though the selection was not bad. Okay, so I'll try the Marriott or the Hyatt next time if I'm looking for a brand name around here.By the way, if you are going to rent bikes I'd really recommend the Bay City rental place over Blazing Saddles. My bike from Blazing was a junker compared to the Bay City bikes I examined while touring.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Prospector1
<Content>Good location but not outstanding We (family of four with two boys aged 12 and 14) stayed here for 4 nights in early July. Good friendly service but room (two double beds) was only okay - a bit dull and no little extras. Bathroom smallish. Overall a bit tired looking. However it served our purpose well. Hotel is in good location - public transport easy - buses cheap to get to main shopping centre re Union Square and clearly you can walk to Fisherman's Wharf. Carpark rates in hotel are $28 per night - you don't need hire car for much of your stay - we only hired on last day and that was fine. Taxi in from airport was c $50.We really enjoyed their buffet breakfast having dined at Denny's just down the road two days running we found the hotel breakfast (at about $15 per head - half price for kids) extremely good.Kids will love the Exploratorium - very easily accessed by public transport - you need at least 4 hours to do it justice. Our kids loved Alcatraz and riding on the trams. As ever Cheesecake Factory on top of Macy's is great place to eat - great choice, good food, and good value but the queues can be bad. We loved San Francisco - well worth a trip across Golden Gate to Sausilito. A Northern Ireland family  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Gabbyola
<Content>Had a Nice Time We just returned home from a trip to the west coast, first 4 days of which were spent at this hotel. The rooms, hotel, and neighborhood are nice and clean. The location of the hotel is also very good. The only downside to it is that the fisherman's wharf is very touristy and the hotel is quite pricey for the quality. The people at the front desk were helpful. Our room was ready when we arrived and were allowed to check in about 2 to 3 hours early. Overall, I would definitely recommend it to someone staying in the area.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>RandiMOH
<Content>Just O.K., not terrific... We had just spent a night at the Rohnert Park Hilton, which was spectacular! The staff assured us that if we liked the Rohnert Park Hilton, we would LOVE the Hilton located on Fisherman's Wharf. WRONG!! We paid over $200.00 per night just for the room (parking in their garage was an additional $28.00 per night!), and I would rate it simply as acceptable. The room wasn't very large, but it was clean. This is an older hotel, and it shows. In Rohnert Park, our breakfast was included in the price of the room, and parking was free. The beds here were not very comfortable, and the street noise kept us up all night. We did enjoy the fact that we were close to all of the action on Fisherman's Wharf and could walk where ever we chose to go. The staff was also very helpful with directions. However, I really don't think this hotel was worth what they charge. I think I'd stay somewhere else on my next visit to San Francisco. Randi  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>taxcpa
<Content>Good hotel Solid 3 star hotel. Good size rooms (we got an executive king room,) it was clean, decent furniture, very comfortable beds and pillows. Although it could definately use new bedspreads and blankets (they were clean, but outdated and worn.) We had a handicapped room (for no reason) so the bathroom was huge. But the water pressure in the shower was pretty low.Location was awesome, just blocks to Fisherman's Wharf. Staff was very helpful and polite, and went out of their way making recommendations for places to eat. I'm an Honors member, and was told by the reservationist (800 number) that if I upgraded to executive level, I would be on a separate floor (less children) and it includes breakfast. When I got there, I found out that's not the case - since they're a small hotel, they don't have an executive level. However, the manager didn't hesitate to give me access to the free breakfast to avoid a situation, which was appreciated. The windows are thin and you can hear the traffic somewhat, but it didn't bother us. Didn't hear neighbors, but could hear them walking around on the floor above us - but it wasn't disturbing.Overall the hotel was very good, a solid 3 star. It was perfect for the location and price we paid. We wouldn't hesitate to stay there again. As a side note, the staff recommended Bobo Quivaris for dinner (not sure how to spell it,) - that had to be the best filet mignon we've ever had in our lives!! The food was OUTSTANDING, the atmosphere was wonderful - very eclectic, and overall an incredible place to dine, we highly recommend it. We also went to Aliotos restaurant on the Wharf (pier 43, I think.) The service was absolutely awful (among the worst I've ever had,) and the food was just ok - I wouldn't recommend it. However, we have a feeling just our waiter was bad, and not the others, but we wouldn't go there again to find out.  
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Tall_T_Town
<Content>Hilton San Francisco Fisherman's Wharf - Superb SUPERB Hotel. New Management that really has made a tremendous difference to Service standards. Wonderful Location. Newly Renovated. Clean, LARGE rooms and accessible facilities. Convenient in-room safe with plenty of space. Excellent Service from Front Desk, to Concierge, to Housekeeping and to Room Service. My wife recently had knee surgery, so location was all important. This location was the BEST! A taxi to the Wharf and Pier 39 was only about $5 and so it was very easy to enjoy ourselves and then rest at the Hotel in the afternoon before going out for dinner.It is so easy to plan and enjoy a vacation with a family from this location. Fisherman's Wharf is just 3 blocks away. Tour to Alcatraz is a must while you are visiting, but make reservations before you get to San Francisco. Cable car turnaround is very close to the hotel and a great way to journey quickly to the Union Square area for Macy's, etc. Hotel鈥檚 garage is easy to use and is less than one block from a Petrol station - very convenient. Hotel is only about 2 blocks away from a 24 hour Walgreens.All in all, THIS HOTEL HAS IT ALL! It's superb location allowed us to get the very best out of our stay in San Francisco.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ksenofon
<Content>Excellent base in SF Stayed a week in SF; loved the hotel. The room was large and clean, parking handy (I had to drive to Stanford daily) and the location great. The friendly service and good breakfast topped the experience. Superb value for the money!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>couf
<Content>Great Hotel Room was average size, clean, excellent location on fisherman's wharf. Definitely opt for the breakfast in the morning if possible, that was absolutely great. Heard some noise in the halls sometimes, but for the most part, had soundproof night sleeps.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Travelingtoo
<Content>A little less than... I was in San Fran for a umpteenth time to visit my college age son. i fpund the concierge at this hotel to be less interested in client's comfort than his own personal life. Nice hotel, not outstanding by any means. I overheard many private conversations at the concierge desk that i feel are less than professional.I visit SF very regularly and prefer the Kimpton properties. Just a personal preference. The huge chains aren't really akin to SF lifestyle In MY Opinion.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>homer218
<Content>Very Good Hotel This is a solid three star hotel. I stayed there from February 17 to the 21st.Received a good deal through Priceline. The hotel is nicely located, impeccably clean , with large rooms (for San Francisco).Check in and out were quick and painless. The concierge was helpful.There is a Walgreen's two blocks way for everything you'll probably need, including snacks.I stepped into the lobbies of other hotels in this area, and the Hilton seemd to compare favorably.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location, Great Service Spent valentines weekend at this hotel. I would go again. Staff was very friendly and helpful. I am a gold member but no upgrade suites were available, however did upgrade my rooom to an executive room and gave us breakfast for 2 our entire stay.The location was excellent. 2 blocks from the warf, 2 blocks to safeway, everything within walking distance.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kamj96
<Content>Nice hotel, great location This is a nice hotel and has a great location. The rooms were clean, the staff was friendly. The only problems encountered were the lamps in the room were a bit difficult to turn on and when the cleaning ladies were in the halls whatever they cleaned with made the halls smell like a nursing home.(the smell did fade with time) One of the elevators was out of order, but we never had to wait long for the working one. For a Hilton I kind of expected a little more....we had a coffee maker in the room, but no microwave or fridge. Not a big deal, but would have been nice. There is a vending machine with whatever necessities you may have forgotten, however I was a little irked to see that the ibuprofen I wanted cost $8 for a small bottle. Good thing Walgreens is right down the street, so whatever you may need get it there unless you want to pay big. Overall I have no real complaints.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bigwawao
<Content>Wonderful Hotel! Will Not hesitate to book here again we went to San francisco Fisherman's Wharf on Dec. 25-30th this year and although the weather did not cooperate with our vacation (it was raining!!) I cannot say the same for the hotel. We got this hotel thru expedia and for the price, it was excellent! Quiet location, helpful staff, near to the wharf, shops, food, etc. What more can one ask for? Check out was a breeze, no hassle at all. The room was a decent size one. They gave us complimentary coffee everyday. We came back every night to a clean well made room.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>snowbiz100
<Content>Good Choice -but compare prices I stayed at this location the week of November 8th. The positives: It鈥檚 a nice location with a very friendly staff. It is located very close to the Warf area, restaurants  shopping. The rooms are large and the location was very clean. There were plenty of towels in the bath as well as a nice robe. The few drawbacks included: No pool, a doorman ( Trank?) who was busy chatting and did not help get a cab, a $ 9.95 charge for broadband access, and a charge for the business center ( both are free in the Marriott or even Holiday Inn Across the street), no restaurant for dinner. If you are a HHonors member you are offered 2 free bottles of water, for the duration of your stay. ( I just think it鈥檚 funny that you are limited to 2- even if you there for a week- when the water is purchased in bulk for about .25 cents a bottle!). Bottom line- if the price is comparable to other locations in the area, it鈥檚 a good choice.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>StLouisErnie
<Content>enoyed s.f. and the hilton My wife and I stayed at the Hilton Fisherman's Wharf from July 28-August 3, 2004 and we thouroughly enjoyed our stay. The staff was very good to us (and even provided a free refrigerator in our room upon request). The hotel is in a great location-close to many activities and bars. We would return to this hotel in a minute.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GinaM-TRIP
<Content>Centrally located but noisy We stayed three nights at the San Francisco, Fisherman's Wharf Hotel. Accomodations were clean and comfortable, but the walls of the room paper thin such that we heard very active noise from neighbors next door. This prevented us from sleeping well at night.Service was generally good, but the above disadvantage would prevent a return visit on our part.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hilton at Fisherman's Wharf was great ! We stayed at the Hilton at Fisherman's Wharf,and it was a great place to stay.The staff there are out of this world.They were so friendly and kind the minute we arrived.The rooms were very clean.We were walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf,which was really nice.I had a wonderful time and there is so much to see I plan to return to this beautiful city again soon !  
<Date>Jul 24, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lovelyladi
<Content>Nice hotel, good location   showReview(2305870, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kcribb1
<Content>SFFW Hilton... wonderful stay   showReview(2208671, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It!   showReview(1848577, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pointtravel
<Content>Not your typical Hilton   showReview(1274145, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel   showReview(1256973, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Good For Captains!   showReview(1139735, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HUNDEN
<Content>Staff Not Helpful   showReview(1132073, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would Not return   showReview(929953, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rooms ok, Staff rude   showReview(835993, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>average property   showReview(407303, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un tres bon point de sejour   showReview(19642762, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ruhig und trotzdem zentral; jederzeit wieder!   showReview(17441880, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top Lage   showReview(14732758, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Duccio
<Content>pessimo servizio non 猫 un hotel 4 stelle ma una pensione   showReview(11324737, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	5	5	1	1	1	

