<Author>PMMelbourne
<Content>Good hotel  We stayed early december in a garden bungalow. Hotel ticked all the boxes in terms of location, rooms, breakfast. However, Legian Beach is pretty crappy, with the water full of plastic rubbish.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>shortcakeMelbourne
<Content>More than happy Having taken a trip to Legian Beach Hotel back in October, it has taken me a while to get around to this review. After having read quite a few bad reviews, we were really hesitant in booking this hotel. The location was what we were looking for and having dealings with a travel agent that had just returned from the Hotel themselves we proceeded with the booking. We had a party of 10 people (5 Adults and 5 Children aged 11 - 8) so we required 3 interconnecting rooms. We decided on the Deluxe Beach Bungalows as they were the closest to the pools etc. Having said that, the rooms are quite pricey for a Hotel that has been around a long time. When we arrived there seem to be some hesitation in giving us our rooms as 2 of the 3 were not going to be ready for at least another hour or so. I thought to myself at that time - great here we go! That seemed to be ok as when had a key to one room so we could park our luggage in there and head off to the pool with the kids. The rooms had to have extra beds bought in to accommodate the extra kids which they were doing when we arrived. Our main priority was the rooms connected so when we were taken to our rooms, we were extremely happy. You cannot see the beach from a beach bungalow but we were told that before arriving. The rooms were clean, large enough and very close to the pool and breakfast area so that made the holiday very enjoyable not to have to walk for miles each time a child wanted to go back to the room. The main wing of the hotel was very far away from where we were so I would advise anyone with children to book a beach bungalow. The hotel was fully booked out (over booked we were told) so they were offering people accommodation and meals at hotels up in the hills. The offer sounded quite good but not an option for us as I am sure we would not have retured to the same rooms and location.The buffet breakfast was not bad. Had a bit of most things but did not vary much at all. So after 5 days of the same thing, the boring factor kicked in. Even the kids were bored with the same things each day, but having said that the food was fine and heaps of it. We did not eat in the hotel restaurant once as it was quite expensive and of course there is the 21 % tax on top. Drinks were also very expensive even during happy hour. Much prefered to venture out in the street for cheaper food and more action.The pools were very nice and clean. The towels were a pain in the rear as they gave you a pool token and you took that up to the pool house to collect your towel. They keep you token until you return the towel but some people were taking our towels when we were not there and this created the problem as the Hotel wanted $21 to replace the token if you lost it and $21 to replace the towel. So as you can imagine, there was a lot of towel taking going on. If you stay at this hotel then I advise that you take your own towel to make you life easier. I bought towels for the kids that stood out so they had no issues.Having said all of the above, we personally had a great experience at this hotel and I would recommend the Legian Beach Hotel if you were able to secure great rooms like we did. I must say the middle room of a block of 3 is quite dark especially in the bathroom and waldrobe so try for and end one if possible.The men and women on the beach directly out the back entrance are a great bunch of people that we spent heaps of time with and had quite a few laughs. You can also hire boogie boards and the surf and waves were great. Kids loved the beach heaps.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>TIFFYBrisbane
<Content>WILL NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN U  C BRISBANE AUSTRALIAWe have been traveling to bali for the past 25yrs and this is the first time we have ever been treated so badly by a hotel... (and reception staff)After doing a bit of research we decided to book a deluxe garden bungalow for 5 nights then off to there sister hotel in candi dasa for 4 nights then back to legian beach for another 5 nights.The day we arrived at the legian beach hotel we were put in a room that should have been called a coat closet, this is not what we booked after my complaints to reception and being told by them all was ok??? we were moved the next day after a sleepless night with the volley ball courts behind our room and a competition going on. The new room was still not a deluxe garden bungalow but we gave up and tried to enjoy our hoilday.Before going on to Candi Dasa we advised reception which room we would like on our return which we were told would be ok. (the room was a deluxe garden bungalow)We arrived back at Legian Beach after 4 lovely days at Candi Dasa at midday to be told the room we requested was not available and the room we were to be given was not ready till 7pm 7 hours away...we were not happy (the hotel was making extra money by renting out the room for late flights)We were given a meal voucher (big deal) after enquiring what were we going to do for 7 hours with no room to change in, the restaurant was very ordinary and we only ate there for breakfast as it was part of the pre paid deal.We finaly got to our room, but had to clean the bathroom.I found this hotel to be very poorly run ( i dont know how they got a 4 star rating) so did a lot of other people we spoke to from around the world. we were told that the hotel had double booked the rooms (i dont see how this was our problem we had booked 3 months before arriving) but it soon became our problem when we didnt get the rooms we paid for.I will never recommend this hotel to anyone and have told friends and people i work with never to stay here,The one bright spot was the gardeners they were cheerful and lovely to talk toPLEASE BEWARE IF YOU ARE AFTER A NICE RELAXING HOILDAY DONT STAY HERE.....  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	2	-1	

<Author>gawmac
<Content>Horrible experience We had a terrible experience with this hotel, from arriving and being told they have over booked 20% of the hotel and being shipped to another hotel for 3 nights which in comparison to legian beach was the ritz. When we arrived back at Legian for the remaining of our stay they held single rooms for us when double were booked and paid for (superior), once they found us a double room, the room was so small you could'nt swing a cat in it and then only to go on the balcony and look at a 5 story high concrete wall. We requested to be moved to a garden facing room with double bed and was moved to room with 2 singles put together with the mattress in the horizontal position! We were given 3 dinner vouchers for the compensation of changing hotels and found that once we handed over that voucher the service standard fell dramatically. However most of the staff are friendly and helpful but there are a few that dampen it. The food was nice and their pizzas were beautiful. The facilities at this hotel are good but quite a distance from the hotel rooms so make sure you bring what you need down to the pools. If staying at this hotel I strongly recommend booking one of the bungalows as the extra cost seems well worth it. After the dreadful experience we have had with the hotel it is unlikley we would stay again.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>Pip1413
<Content>loved the Legian Beach Hotel Just stayed 5 nights at the Legian Beach Hotel and had a great time AGAIN. This was our 6th time and honestly we had no problems at all. Alot of people complained on trip advisor and was aprehensive of staying there but we could not have anything bad to say.The staff were all friendly and our room was immaculate. I admit that the bathroom in the deluxe bungalow is small, but hey, you only have to use the toilet and shower in there and your out. Our bed was really comfortable and the A/C worked so well and quiet.They cleaned our room at 8.30 everymorning and maybe some of the people that complained bout being late having their room cleaned, maybe your room was later on the list. They cant do them all at once.The pool was beautiful and clean but you do have to put your towel down early as the hotel was pretty booked. This happens evrywhere now so just get used to it. We wouldnt put our towels out if we didnt go to pool early which I know alot of people do(which can be annoying) but if you speak to hotel pool guys they will help you. Alot more families there this year so if you want peace and solitude then go to some more upmarket hotel at Nusa Dua. Location is great, right on the beach which was very clean. Think it depends on the time of year you go and the tides. There is lots of restaurants close by and convenient.Breakfast was yummy and good choice and the people that make the scrambled eggs are fast and efficient. Never had a problem with the coffee or tea being served to the table like some people on T/Advisor had complained about.Our bungalow didnt have a wall around it which some may have a jacuzzi then these may have one. In the arvo would sit out on the balcony and have a drink and biscuits. Used the day spa for a massage which was really good and relaxing. They had 20% off and I had a VIP card so it cost me AUD$22. For and hour this is pretty good value.Prices have gone up in Bali in general but most things are still cheaper than in Australia. Overall, had a great time and would definatley stay there again but maybe people need to ask for the Bungalows and not the standard rooms which are towards the front of the entrance to the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>CoopsUpperHutt
<Content>Under rated Hotel Having never been to Bali before, our travel agent here in NZ booked my friend and I in for 13 nights to the Hotel.The hotel was big and catered for about 200 people.Location was only about 20 mins from all the action of Kuta Beach, but far enough away to be nice and peaceful.Very handy to heaps of local shops and wee bars and eating places.Breakfasts were absolutely fantastic, you couldn't have asked for any better way to start your day on holiday. Fully cooked choices to die for, and fresh bread and pastries and so much choice.Our accomodation was in one of the older parts of the Hotel, as we shared a twin room in the older accomodation block with a balcony too.The showers were good though, and the room adequate, but apart from this, this was our only recommendation we could make .Perhaps the bathrooms could be updated as they seemed to be more in the 80's style.The swimming pools were excellent, clean, pristine and the service at the Hotel was very good.The Bar area was beside the main swimming pool, and a proper Barrista could have assisted but the service all round the Hotel was great, friendly, and very helpful.We had different massage treatments and the women were really lovely and the price wasn't bad either.My friend and I did The Indonesian Cooking Class at the Hotel, it was fun and really worthwhile and I learnt a lot about Indonesian Cooking, do try it, after learning to cook a 4 course lunch, the Chef was fun, served it back to us tarted up and what a meal,fantastic.All in all well worth staying there and I felt that previous reviews didn't really do the Hotel justice  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>2shooze
<Content>Great location, lovely staff, loved the pool bar We stayed in the hotel's two storey room block at the front of the hotel. Our room was big, spacious, had plenty of light and was kept really clean. Toilets are a bit smelly but nothing too offensive, after a few days in Bali you won't notice any difference. As the rooms overlook where the cars came in and out it could sometimes be a little bit noisey but your shutters in your room helped to block out quite a lot.The hotel is pretty old but still well looked after, all the staff especially Budi  Tjok at the pool bar were such good fun and always so polite  friendly, nothing was too much of a problem.Location is great as the resort is on the beach, there's some great sun beds to sit on and watch the sunset with being hassled.The traditional dinner dance food  entertainment at the resort was very good, well worth doing if you'ver never been to Bali before for that cultural experience.Plenty of shops nearby, can recommend Carla's (on the main street)  Casey's (her sister Susie sits outside of the resort and will do a great price on laundry and their place is down a small laneway to the right of the resort) for beauty treatments and the guys at the MBA tourist booking stand very friendly too. Great place for getting handbags and leather jackets - Dolphin Leather on Garlic Lane.Favourite restaurants Norm's, Ketumbar  Neros - good food and really great cocktails!Waterbom Park still a great day out. Went to Casa Luna cooking school in Ubud, a must do experience if you are a foodie. Go on the days when they do the ,market visit, its very interesting. You will learn a lot about Balinese food and want to come home and try to cook it yourself.Bali is always so good to visit and re-charge the batteries. The people are so warm and friendly and they are oftent here year after year. They are so hard working that you want to reward them for all their efforts.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>magicmanBali
<Content>what honey moon package? We recently arrived back from our honeymoon in Bali.What can I say Bali is a a beautiful and magical country, people are friendly and food is fantastic!!, pity the hotel wasn't the same.The honeymoon package is disgusting, the service was appalling, and what fruit basket which consisted of four mouldy growing chocolate coated strawberrys!! When we arrived at the hotel, we weren't given a formal greeting, we weren't given cold towels and a welcome drink!We stayed in garden bungalow, which was okay, not flash hot! All night we had mosiquites flying around the room, it was like a all you can eat buffet for them.The netting was uselss, we ended up buying flyspray from the the local supermarket. The staff are moderately ok, but it would have been nice to be treated with a bit more pampering!!Overall i would never recommend this hotel for a honeymoon package, next time we go to Bali, where staying at Hotel Padma!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>elbrat
<Content>Never do it... horrible place... !!! you will regret it.....       yes it looks nice enough.. but there is a big BUT!!!...  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	1	1	1	

<Author>Mannalay
<Content>A good compromise between location and quality.       Beach in front of resort  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>BALI_FEENS
<Content>Most disappointed Our family has just returned from our 13 night stay at the Legain Beach Resort. Hotel rooms are not to the standard that is promoted. This hotel is promoted as 4 star and is more like 2-3 star. The rooms were meant to be refurbished recently, by that I think all they've done is put new shower curtains up. So, so disappointing. We had a family room which is located at the entrance to the resort. Shows as two bathrooms but is actually one with two showers. Very dark and dingy. Felt like I was locked in a box. The staff are very friendly and the breakfast was good, but being the same stuff every day, bit boring. Great location, maybe if your going to stay here go for a bungalow as I would definately not stay in the hotel section again.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	3	2	3	

<Author>Trace50
<Content>Extremely disappointed - wish I had read the reviews first! We have just returned from staying 9 nights at this hotel. After a beautiful week spent in timeshare at Tanjung Benoa, we were looking forward to even more at Legian Beach, especially considering how much more this cost us. After the initial shock of driving past rooms to the very small lobby, we were distressed to find ourselves walking back that way to our room. This was on the second floor and we were asked to help carry our cases up the (very narrow) stairs. We stayed in a deluxe family room that was quite large but very dark. I can't really complain about the cleanliness or servicing of the room but the outlook was ordinary over the roadway and the TV selection was appalling. How can you not get Wimbledon or the Tour de France in a major hotel? Breakfast was OK; selection not bad once you had mananged to bag yourself a table - no help from the staff. They just told you where you couldn't sit but no effort or assistance, and trying to get a cup of tea - well someone else here said that pouring your own would have been a better option; I agree wholeheartedly. Pool bar service was non existent also - 20 mins sitting on a chair at the swim up bar, then when the attendant came he ignored us until we begged for a menu, and then another 10 mins to order. To their credit the food and drinks arrived quickly. Pool toilet was in poor condition; how hard is it to buy a new toilet seat? I could go on but our whole experience was probably made less satisfactory because we were comparing it to that of my sister and her family who stayed at the Padma for not much more cost, but a whole lot better surroundings. For most of the week she allowed the Legian scum to spend time around the Padma pool...at no cost. At Legian Beach they have a sign indicating that visitors were required to pay Rp 100000 to swim; who are they kidding? We swam and spent money at the Padma for a week and next time I'm in Bali that's where I will be staying as well!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	4	3	3	1	

<Author>JacquieHead
<Content>Loved the Legian Beach but make sure you stay in a bungalow My mum, Sister and I were on a girl trip and wanted somewhere close to the beach but out of the hussle of the main part of Kuta and this place was perfect! The hotel is located on the beach in Legian with only a path in front seperating it, its a 5 minute walk to the middle of Kuta and the markets start outside the hotel.We stayed in a deluxe garden bungalow and had interjoining rooms so it was great. The rooms and bathrooms were beautiful, very clean and tidy so we were very impressed . The decks out the front are great to sit and have a drink in the afternoon and watch all the little squirrels run around. Very relaxing! I would very very strongly advise against staying in the hotel block at the back of the resort, this looks run down, kind of dark and dingy and doesn't seem to get any sun. Would not have liked to stay in these rooms at all.The hotel itself is really nice, 2 pool areas with plenty of chairs. It is a large hotel but doesn't feel like it as it is all spread out. There are plenty of areas to relax through the day if thats what you want to do, the patio bar is nice, overlooking the beach and drinking cocktails whilst lying in the sun - it was heaven! The breakfast each morning is really good. Everykind of food you could want - I loved the omelettes!!I found the service at the hotel really helpful, they looked after us really well and although you may have to help yourself to coffee/tea at breakfast this was no big deal to us.Overall we had a really great stay, the resort complex was well looked after, our rooms were awesome, we found the service very good and the location was perfect for us! We would definately recommend shelling out for the bungalows though. ...small tip, use the kodak across the road to change money they are really honest and very nice. Also buy your bintang from the dairy across the road too, the prices at the hotel are typical hotel prices and you will pay about 4 x the price.If you are brave enought to head down to the beach, go and have a beer at one of the little setups on the beach and watch the sunset. Its great to have a chat to the locals, they are alot of fun!Also head down to Jimbaran Bay - the seafood restaurants are unbelievably good :)  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>m-t--aussie
<Content>Dissapointing Mixed feelings about this place.Initially we we're in a superior room , which are located in a large block along the hotel's entrance driveway. It almost feels as though you are not even part of the resort , due to the location of these rooms. The rooms are very very very ordinary to say the least. Our room looked out over the rest of the resort , so fortunately we didn't have the dreaded brick wall and tin shacks to look at. But it was incredibly small , not much room at all , the bed took up most of the available space. The water pressure in the shower was non existent , and the water temperature took an age to reach luke warm. The bed was rock hard , and the disturbing fact was that this WAS one of their refurbished rooms.If this hotel appeals to you , and your budget only affords you the superior rooms , i would strongly suggest to look elsewhere. It's that simple, the rooms are very much below any standard of quality, that would justify the rate that they are asking for. You will be disappointed in these rooms , especially if you have been saving hard for a dream Balinese getaway. I have stayed in many different hotels in Bali throughout the years , and these rooms really were disappointing. Luckily for us , we were moved after 2 days to a garden view bungalow. We had great help from the reception staff from day one , who endeavored to upgrade us. The deluxe bungalows are a different story, bigger rooms to start , and the bathrooms were excellent. The water pressure was great , obviously not sharing with a whole building , and the water got hot quickly. If you can afford the little extra for these rooms , and you are still set on staying at this resort , then you will be happy here. Great little decks out front to sit on late in the day and have a few drinks.The bungalow rooms were clean and tidy , and comfy beds as well.The resort itself is otherwise really nice. the pools are always clean and there are plenty of pool chairs to go around. The gardens are typical Bali , plenty of coconut palms , and a great tropical feel , which all adds to the experience. Oh yeah - heaps of squirrels jumping through the palms and frangipani trees.Legian Beach Hotel also has a great location , it backs up tp the beach , with only a wide walkway in between. It has good access to the Melasti street markets , restaurants and bars.The staffs service in the breakfast restaurant is absolutely terrible. All they have to do is clear the used plates and offer you coffee and tea, well forget it. You will be better off getting up and getting the coffee pot to pour your own coffee , and while your at it , ask if anyone else around is in desperate need of one as well.The staff in that restaurant frustrated me - lol.Apart from their inadequacies , the food for breakfast is sensational. Heaps to choose from , and the banana pancakes cooked in front of you while you wait are superb.The baggage staff are not the most welcoming going around , but you only have to deal with them when you are checking in , and then out . So thats no biggy.At the end of the day , the resort itself is quite nice , and is in a great location. However , if we did not get an upgrade , i would not have written this review with as many positives. Would we stay here again ? ---------- probably not.There is not enough value here for me to pay the extra for a bungalow room. Bali has many better places with value in and around Legian , as well as Kuta/Tuban.My last words ------------- if you plan on staying here and choose to run the gauntlet with the superior rooms , you will only have yourself to blame if you don't like it. Otherwise , all the best for your Bali holiday.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>SurferGirlfromNorth
<Content>Very bad service We stayed for two weeks at Legian Beach, and chose the hotel from the great location and the pictures on the website. We were 2 couples sharing a deluxe garden bungalow. What should be our perfect holiday in a nice upscale hotel started totally wrong when we arrived after 30 hours of travel and our rooms were not ready! We arrived at 3 pm and had to wait until 7. We booked months in advance, and we were picked up at the airport at 2 pm by the hotel, so there is no excuse. The free lunch and use of a very dirty shower room did by no means compensate for waiting, very tired after traveling. By free lunch means: You can not order the expensive dishes and no free drinks. Outrageous!Our rooms were nice, but not the same rooms as in the pics on the website, much smaller in reality. The location of the hotel is great, and if it had not been for the very poor service, this would be a great hotel. Staff were generally not nice, and we were repeatedly told at breakfast that we were very late and please hurry up, even if it was before 10 (breakfast lasted till 10). In the restaurants, eating lunch could take up to 2 hours, because the staff were so slow! Help in reception was bad, and not friendly at all, sometimes even rude. In addition to this, everything is very expencive in the hotel. It cost a lot just to use the tennis-court (you would think using the hotel tennis court would be free), internet or laundry service. We tried to change hotel but as it was full everywhere we stayed and tried not to let it ruin our much-anticipated holiday. I will certainly go back to Bali, but never to Legian Beach Hotel.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	5	3	1	1	1	

<Author>sassafraf
<Content>legian beach hotel --------DON'T DO IT! Make sure to read all the bad reports on this hotel,they are all true!Myself and 3 others have just returned from our dreadful experience at this 2 star hotel on legian beach.We actually sat down and tried to work out how we would rate this hotel,I can tell you it was very difficult to even give it 2 stars How on earth it is rated 9 out of 23 for popularity ;beats me.And it is time that whoever does the grading of theses hotels took another look at this one(to let people know what exactly they are getting for their money)My family and I have been going to Bali since the 1980'sStaying in different hotels has always been part of the fun ,of the holiday...UNTIL NOW!From the beach this hotel looks lovely,the pools and grounds look lovely,the restaurant looks lovelyBut thats enough,take our's and others advise and don't stay hereWe stayed in the main block at the rear of the hotel,on the 3rd floor, at the front overlooking a large noisy driveway!The back rooms didn't even have this .The rooms at the back of the building faced a 3 or 4 storey high cement grey wall which produced a dark cold corridor,with musty unpleasant air about it.Our front room had no hot water the week we spent there,Luckily between us all we had different rooms so we used their shower each day which was a real inconvenienceComplaining to the front desk,and then to customer service did no good ,and were told the problem had been fixed!we gave up in the end!the floor in both rooms was never cleaned ,without shoes on our feet were black.there was never even enough hot or wam water for a decent wash,and at times the cold water did not work at allThe room was always full of mozzies,the toilet didn't flush properlystaff were not friendly at the foyer or restaurantIf you have to stay here your best bet would be to choose a deluxbungalow near the pool,front row try 0a/0b or oc cottagewe looked at these very nice! and you would not have the problems we had.(hopefully)The pools were clean,and the spa great fun!Just don't book in to the superior rooms with uneven numbers in the main buildingcheers trisha  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	2	-1	

<Author>Tannalee
<Content>stay away from the main building!!!! I am going to try and give an objective review, I don't hate this hotel and it didn't ruin my holiday, this holiday was a bit of fun for the girls so we didn't have that much emotion invested in it, but if this had been a dream holiday and I had spent ages saving for it I would of cried. I really don't want someone to turn up here expecting some amazing hotel as it looks on their web site, because that's not what you get , there are hotels in the same area that are SO much nicer, and cheaper. I stayed here for six nights with my mother and two sisters, we have all travelled to Bali on numerous occasions, and all four of us like different types of accommodation and different areas of Bali, but one thing we now all agree on is that we would never stay at this hotel again, and that we would never recommended it.  Let me start by saying, had we stayed in one of the garden bungalows I think we would have had an entirely different view point , as it almost seems like two separate hotels, the main building behind the lobby and car park, and the little bungalows spread out amongst the tree and around the pools.We had seen the grounds on a previous visit and thought it looked lovely so ignored all the bad reports on trip advisor, not a wise move, as the old saying goes where there is smoke.....  Luckily I had read to request a room not facing the wall, we had room 310 and over looked the car park ,as do all the rooms on that side, take your pick ,car park or wall! DON'T FACE THE WALL ,I cannot stress this strongly enough and thank you to the previous people who noted this, I can't believe that they would put people in the rooms facing the wall. Had we been facing the wall we would of left and just lost our money it was that bad. Two of us had a superior room, and the other two had a family room upgrade, as there was only one superior available not facing a wall. So what didn't we like: Over looking the car park was OK as it was quite open and leafy, but come on we are not in Bangkok, we are in Bali and at this price you do not have to over look a car park, and listen to the cars and trucks. The other thing about been behind the car park and lobby was that when ever you went to the pool or restaurant you couldn't stroll along beautiful garden paths in your swimmers and sarong, you had to check for traffic and make sure you were suitably dressed to pass through the front lobby, past the bell boy desk etc.The two pools are beautiful, but there are only toilets and towels at one of them and you have to walk through the restaurant to get from one to the other, sounds petty but it was a nuisance if you swam at the pool with no toilet, also I was amazed that in the main pool they gave scuba diving lessons, on three different days that I swam at the main pool there were up to nine people diving in the pool, it's a big pool but not that big, it's something I expected in my backpacking days, I can't believe a major hotel would allow it. OK, the floor was filthy in both our rooms, the superior rooms hot water was on and off and when we had no hot water there was none, just air came out, our air con control didn't work , both air cons leaked, one to the point they had to put towels on the floor, next to the 3 story wall is a basket/net ball court where very noisy games are played. In our room the bathroom door was a louver door and when one of us had a bad stomach the other got to hear and smell every thing!While we were eating pizza they closed up the restaurant around us then told us very sternly no more orders after this, when we ordered one drink after our pizza arrived ,this was before 9pm?Any more and I'll lose all objectivity, lots of little touches that we are use to in Bali were just missing, it is a big busy hotel where we felt like an annoying number rather than a valued guest as we usually do in Bali. Every thing was to much trouble, so in the end we didn't ask and didn't care, but had we cared if would of been very sad, the lady staying in the room next to my sisters cried because she thought she was going to stay in a bungalow and she hated her room so much. Last but not least, when we checked out we asked if they could arrange a driver and we were told we don't do that here I swear we weren't in Bali, who in Bali doesn't do drivers?We asked for a customer relations form but they didn't have any, what a surprise!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>cardebar
<Content>Terrible ugly dirty cheap place       deckchairs  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>vada07
<Content>Great Location....but My wife and I decided to revisit the LBH for our 2nd honeymoon (without kids who are now adults). It was our 7th visit to LBH. We have always enjoyed our stays, the location, grounds and service have always been fantastic. This time we stayed in the 'deluxe beachfront bungalows' right on the smaller pool and very close to the beach. Everything was going well, so well that we decided to book another holiday in September and return with our kids. The service, language skills of employees, attention to detail at reception have always been exceptional. There must be new management? My wife tried to book a return stay, with 3 different employees over 2 days to been told (without even looking at a screen or book) bluntly 'booked out' on the final attempt my wife asked if the employee could help and was greeted with 'try another' hotel'. A couple of days later, my wife left her mobile on a poolside chair, returned 30mins later and phone was gone. Tried to report as lost property at reception to be greeted with complete indifference. Only on the 3rd attempt did we find that there was a Lost Property Office. 4 visits to reception later, we came to the conclusion that the phone was not lost. Tried to report as stolen and were told that we would have to report to Security ( why didn't they tell us on perhaps 1st or 2nd or 3rdvisit?) Only then out of pure frustration did we decide to report it to the Police did we finally get some attention.We stayed for 14.5 nights. Having paid for a very late check out on final day to catch an 11.55pm flight. At 6.30am that final morning, a knock at the door and a note under the door to inform us that we were expected to vacate room by mid-day. This was settled over the phone. Needless to say this was our final stay @ LBH.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	5	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>Caroline026
<Content>Not worth it's price After a long trip we arrived with our children at the hotel at 4 pm and found out our room was not ready yet, although check-out time is n ormally at 12.Our room was only available at 7pm. The room was nothing special, the airconditioning made noise like a grasmower and the restaurant of the hotel was empty in the evening.A plus: the entrance of the hotel and the bar are nice.We would certainly not recommend this hotel. Having to many other hotels in Bali, this was the worst.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>tina90Australia
<Content>Love Our Second Home Legian Beach Hotel We have been to Bali 12 times and only stayed at Legian Beach Hotel. It,s like going home they are so wonderful and cannot do enough to please people. We have always found all the accomadation spotless and staff so caring and food and service. We will be going back for 13th time this year. Mrmrs DAHL From Melbourne Australia.  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>d0gtail
<Content>not really 4 star Just got back from Bali with a friend. We stayed in a superior room in Legian Beach Resort. The staff was nice and friendly. I read a previous review about not taking the rooms with odd numbers so we had an even-numbered room which was claimed to be sea-view. Unfortunately the room was facing the parking lot and there were a lot of trees blocking the sea-view. (not a big problem though.at least it was not facing a wall) I personally found the room rather small for a 4 star hotel rating. Nevertheless it was comfortable. The shower was rather unsatisfactory. Water pressure was sometimes low and it was extremely difficult to control the temperature. However, I did like the concept of a sofa in the balcony. It was nice to just sit and relax.The other problem with the hotel was that it had too many pools or ponds with almost stagnant,clear water. (ideal breeding ground for mosquitoes) The landscape was a good idea but I guess the management should consider rearing some fish.The pool, i must admit, was quite great. They have two pools (garden pool and main pool). Both with attached whirlpools and very ideal for a relaxing holiday. The gym, as reviewed by another member, was really in quite a pathetic state. (extremely small and very very few equipments) Definitely not 4-star material.My flight out of Bali was a night flight and the hotel staff was extremely helpful by providing us with pool towels, access to the pool and they even have a shower room with supplies of fresh towels, bath foams and shampoo for you to bath before you leave although you have checked out. This is a plus point for them.Overall, i feel that it's a nice place to stay in but perhaps a bit overpriced and over-rated.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>jlz-Perth
<Content>Great location       Lobby area LBH  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Balilovers
<Content>Horrible Hotel This was our worst experience staying at a hotel in Bali. We booked to stay at the Legian Beach Hotel about ten months in advance as a group of ten adults and four children. The photos on the website looked beautiful, this turned out to be the only room that had been renovated. They were also advertised as 'garden view', outside our patio door was a twelve foot grey concrete wall that blocked out any daylight and there was certainly not a green leaf in sight!!! We were devestated as we had booked for fifteen nights and continually asked to be moved or upgraded. They couldn't have cared less, we were ignored or told to try again tomorrow. To make matters worse our mother who had a room on her own was booked with one less night than requested, they couldn't do anything so we had to let her sleep in our room on the last night with our two children and ourselves. Very disorganised hotel with average staff and facilities. We have stayed in some lovely hotels in this general area and we will never stay here again, horrible.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	2	2	

<Author>jomelshel
<Content>billys bar garlic lane hi just returned from bali 20th january beast hoiliday ever stayed at legion beach hotelfor 12 nights ,been to bali many times never stayed at legion before.when we arrived we were upgraded to 2 bungalows with connecting doors as we had to 15 yr old girls.we had ordered 2 superior rooms but they were very busy .the bungalows were great it was a good start to our holiday .the hotel i could not fault anythink the staff were great went out of there way to make sure you were happy .the breakfast catered for all countrys was yum the pools were heaven very clean plus gardens they are always cleaning and always happy people as i always say a smile goes a long way if you smile you get a smile back so some of the comments i read on forum about hotel before i left al i can say is they must have not much of a life as we all thought legion hotel bech hotel was great and would be back next week if only .also garlic lane next street from hotel has great bar there called billys bar is a great place to go aussie bar we were there every night the girls loved it so drop in for a drink say hi from jan michelle jo warren thank you legion beach hotel we will be back  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cindylovestravel
<Content>Good Hotel, Great Location.       Balinese Dance Performers at the hotel  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	2	5	-1	

<Author>Chloe80
<Content>Had a great time We stayed that Legian Beach Hotel for 2 weeks over Christmas and New Year 2007/2008. All i can say is that we had a totally fabulous time and cannot say anything bad about the hotel. Room service was always prompt, the room very comfortable and always cleaned very well and it was beautifully located right on the beach front.I would definitely recommend anyone staying there, I wish i was back there now!!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Aussie_Rob74
<Content>Very Poor I've just returned from 10 days at the Legian Beach Hotel where we had booked 4 superior rooms for a family reunion. The rooms did not reflect those shown on the hotel website with all of them in urgent need of modernisation. The main issue however was that the rooms were all described as having 'garden views' when in reality 3 of our 4 rooms had doors which faced a three storey high concrete wall and recieved no natural daylight at all. We requested to be moved on a daily basis however this was to no avail as the hotel was over booked and it took 8 days for us to change 2 of the rooms. Thankfully the rooms which we did change were those which had small children staying in them with parents, therefore the children could play outside - rather than being cooped up in a dark room which they had been.If you do stay here then avoid rooms with an odd number in the main block - especially 103 - 111 as these face the wall.From our past experiences in Bali there is far better to be had in Legian. Staff were not great either.We won't stay here again!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>pride
<Content>Average Hotel """ Nothing Fantactic We stay at the hotel from the 31 Aug till 4 Sep. We booked a Deluxe Family Room (4 persons) through their hotel website. Positive:- Its next to the legian art market. The Family room was big enough to accomodate 4 adults. They provide complimentary airport transfer to/fro the airport if you book through their website.Negative:- The toilet/bathroom are mouldy and not very clean. Though the rooms are clean daily, I think the housekeeper could have done better. One of the days, the aircon brokedown and it started dripping, they managed to fix it before we could have a swim in the flood. The beach oppisite the hotel is dirty, but then we can always sit on the beach and see the world go by or see the sunset. Overall if you are not very fussy about cleaniness, then this hotel is ok. Kuta shopping is about 15mins walk.Will I stay there again, probably no, cause there are better/cheaper hotels along legian.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>anouk24
<Content>quite average Just returned from one week at the Legian Beach Hotel. Although we had a pleasant week, we'll probably never return to this hotel again. In Bali you can get much better value for the same (or even less) money. We had booked a superior cottage with a double bed, which in our opinion was awful. Because the room was situated in the middle part of the cottage it was very dark inside. The room was also very, very small and there was absolutely no privacy in the part of the hotelgarden we were in. We therefore decided to upgrade to a deluxe bungalow, which cost us 25 USD per night extra. Although the room was much more spacious and private (and very clean), it wasn't worth 25 dollar because of the fact that it was an exact copy of the superior cottage. No extra's at all, not in terms of amenities, nor in terms of service. The two pools are not very big, but quite pleasant. Breakfast was good. We had lunch in the hotel once (the pizzeria), and although the food was good, the service was very slow and not very friendly. There seems to be a lack of interest by many of the staffmembers, and that was what bothered me the most. We've been to Bali for 4 years in a row now, and stayed at many hotels, but have never encountered people who were unfriendly and not interested, until now. Better luck next time, but not at the Legian Beach Hotel.Anouk  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>VibeTribe
<Content>Excellent Value! Recently returned from 16 days in Bali, 7 of which were spent at the Legian Beach Hotel. We had a standard room, which I believe was $80 US per night and included daily breakfast for 3. I work for a major resort in Hawaii and our rates are 4-5 times as much as the Legian, so for me, the rates were almost shockingly low given the ocean front location. The location is great because both Kuta and Seminyak are within pleasant walking distance. I was traveling with my wife and 7 year old son and it was our first trip to Bali. We quickly fell into a wonderful and relaxing rhythm thanks to the friendliness of the staff, the peaceful grounds and some nice massage treatments at the Spa. Granted, the Spa is not a huge overblown 5-diamond type of facility, but for the rates one pays it is a great value and the therapists were terrific. The Fitness Center is in need of upgrading for anyone who can't live without their workout routine.....but I was content with a nice run on the beach each morning or evening and really would not use that facility even if it were fully equipped. Breakfast buffet was very good, sunset from the ocean front lounge chairs was magical and I think that the Legian Beach Hotel represents a terrific value.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Millefleurs
<Content>Mixed feelings about Legian Beach Hotel I recently spent 5 nights at Legian Beach Hotel and have mixed feelings about the experience. The bungalow room was pleasant and comfortable, nothing special. The lobby and reception areas have recently been renovated in a tasteful modern Asian style, which looks sleek and smart, but other parts of the complex remain in traditional Balinese style, so it looks a bit of a mish-mash. The two swimming pools and their surroundings are large and very attractively landscaped, with spa pools, a swim-up bar, plenty of sun lounges etc. The Ocean View bar and restaurant areas have great views over Legian Beach and are very popular at sunset.The day spa is a bit shabby and they don鈥檛 change the linens between customers (yick!), but the women are pleasant and the treatments were fine. The so-called gym is woeful 鈥?generally poor quality equipment in poor condition.The reception and housekeeping staff were very polite and prompt. I reported a problem with the plumbing in my room, and it was fixed quickly and effectively. There seemed to be literally dozens of staff in the restaurant and bar areas, all busy looking busy, but the speed of service was atrociously slow. Every time it took a very long time to get food and drink orders delivered to the table. Then there is no follow up service 鈥?once you are supplied with your drink and/or food, nobody comes back to ask if you would like anything else, or even to give you the bill to be paid or signed. The breakfast buffet was excellent because you can walk up and serve yourself! It was also tasty and good value.I felt certain that the so-called cocktails at the bar had little or no alcohol, so my tip if you stay at Legian Beach Hotel is to order straight spirits on the rocks and then request your mixer in a bottle on the side. That way you can actually see and taste the alcohol! I think the level of service in the restaurants and bars was a major disappointment. It obviously pays to be a pushy tourist here.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	3	4	4	2	3	

<Author>Kezza20
<Content>overall rating just returned from 12 days at Legian Beach hotel.the room was clean. We had a problem with the lock on our door and after reporting the problem it was fixed within 15 min.Friendly staff. Nice breakfast. swimming pools clean and in good condition. Actually I couldn't fault anything while we were there.We are aged in our early 50's.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coro35
<Content>Great location       Fabulous patio views of the Indian Ocean  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kathleen59
<Content>LOVED IT!!!! I stayed at the hotel for a week with my Mom, sister, and friend and we had an amazing time!! I was a little worried at first because some of the reviews were a bit shady, but I found the hotel to be gorgeous, clean, and friendly. The scene is mellow and perfect for just lounging about. Not too many kids which was good for us and not a big party scene either which we also appreciated. The staff was kind and there is an awesome hotel doctor who was there when my sister got sick (it was unrelated to Bali). I would stay there again in a heartbeat!!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kartika
<Content>Renovations Legian Beach Hotel My husband and I recently stayed this month at Legian Beach Hotel. We chose this hotel for location and the facilities that were offered. When booking in Perth we chose a cottage, requested a double bed. On arrival my husband who is balinese was frowned upon even though they had a joint booking for both of us, as the staff assumed he was someone I had picked up from the beach. We requested a quiet cool room and were shown to a cottage right next to melasti street probably the most noisest one, bearing in mind renovations at the entrance of the hotel were also being carried out. We were then given another room but after seven hours and three mechanic visits the air conditioning was still not working so we moved again, but alas no double bed for the rest of our holiday. Even then a pencil had to be kept in the air conditioning so it remained permanently on for two weeks to keep the room call. The agent in Perth had been advised the hotel had finished renovations but clearly they have not from the amount of building going on within the hotel grounds. On a plus the breakfast was excellent, but overall we were very disappointed with our stay, especially when my husband was requested to show ID everytime for at least a weeks of our two weeks stay when we entered the hotel.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CheryllynLoi
<Content>Nightmare! My hubby and I just returned from Bali for our honeymoon! What can we say, this hotel proved to be a nightmare to us. The bed in our room had mites on it and the sheets were dirty, toilet was dirty and the flush did not work. We called for housekeeping but they proved to be very busy and they never turned up! Are we expected to sleep in that bed??????We immediately checked out on that day and stayed at another hotel nearby, which proved much better than this one! Bali is a beautiful place but we are never going back to Legian Beach Hotel to stay anymore!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>omegaman3000
<Content>Summer trip I had an enjoyable stay, the hotel is right on the beach which is a major plus and the beach-sellers never bother you as you sit on the deck lounge over-looking the beach. There are two pools with plenty of loungers and if the hotel food is too expensive or bland for you(as I found) there are four or five top quality restaurants close by that are fantastic value to boot. The breakfast buffet is excellent however and caters to most tastes. I did find the bar very dead, it's rarely lively so you won't find yourself spending much time there. I found the staff friendly and the rooms spacious and comfortable. Overall, I'd recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	4	2	

<Author>jones2
<Content>Tight wad management - dont stay here with a baby!   showReview(5527143, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	5	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Legian Beach Hotel   showReview(5414010, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LaurenG
<Content>Wonderful time at the Legian Beach   showReview(5377933, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Jeroenwesselink
<Content>Not bad, put poor value for money   showReview(5363528, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>3	2	1	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Papa505
<Content>Beautiful Hotel   showReview(4985614, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Julia-mh
<Content>Love the LBH   showReview(4453944, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>from the uk it was the best holiday yet!!!!!   showReview(3294763, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location   showReview(2982211, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cristiano17
<Content>  showReview(21417160, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	2	3	3	3	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫儳銉冦償銉炽偘銇倐渚垮埄銇潤銇嬨仾銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19914166, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏃ユ湰浜鸿Τ鍏夊銇屽銇勩兓銉汇兓   showReview(19913989, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈偢銉ャ偄銉仹渚垮埄銇紨銇ゆ槦   showReview(19913571, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RosaEspa_a
<Content>No me gust贸 nada encontrarme un rata dentro de la taza del water!!!!!!   showReview(11016014, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍒濄倎銇︺伄銉愩儶   showReview(19913062, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>濂芥潯浠讹紒   showReview(19912219, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏅壊鏈€楂樸伄鏈濄仈椋紒   showReview(19911471, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鈽呯珛鍦般伄鑹亜銉偖銉ｃ兂銉撱兗銉併儧銉嗐儷鈽?#x201d;   showReview(19911357, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹夈亸銇︺倐婧€瓒筹紒   showReview(19911336, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>BALI銇с儨銉囥偅銉笺儨銉笺儔   showReview(19930122, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈濋銇ㄥ椋熴倰銉涖儐銉唴...   showReview(19927507, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>婵€瀹夈儎銈兗銇с伄銉涖儐銉?..   showReview(19924719, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仛銉儞銉笺伄鐙仌銇...   showReview(19921887, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

