<Author>af01
<Content>Great location in the heart of Barcelona       Hotel room at Grupotel Gravina  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>DramaQueenx7
<Content>Perfect location! Booked this holiday for a late christmas present for my boyfriend,a 3 night break and had a fantastic time! The hotel has a FANTASTIC location, shops,restaurants and the ramblas is only a few minutes walk away where there are lots of bars,restaurants,takeaways,shops etc, and if you continue to the bottom of the ramblas there is a harbour and if you continue even further i believe there is a shopping centre. The hotel is very smart and modern, the room was small but had a flat screen tv and was very modern and clean. Thats all we needed for 3 nights, you are set down a side street which meant you didnt have all of the noise, i would recomend staying just off the ramblas so you avoid any noise.We had a fantasic time and will stay there again if we decide to visit barcelona again which i wiil! Staff were very helpful and friendly too!A great english bar is situated towards the top of ramblas which has a great atmosphere, exspecially when the footy is on, great staff too who make a real effort.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rottmom
<Content>Depressing Room Stayed one night before returning to States. Booked a single room that was very small and extremely depressing. Bathroom sink drained very very slowly. Strange breakfast buffet (no eggs but kabobs and sushi).  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	2	2	3	

<Author>Jeeter
<Content>Great location - but some rooms tiny! I stayed at the Grupotel Gravina with my wife on our honeymoon in June of 2008. The location is absolutely amazing - very close to Las Ramblas and every walking distance from the Port.The room we had, unfortunately, was extremely small. Given the many positive reviews on TripAdvisor.com, we decided to book this hotel and thought that the tiny room reviews were either written by big people or exaggerating. In retrospect the hotel itself was very nice, but our room was not more than 100 square feet (including the bathroom). My wife and I are both small, but one person had to be either on the bed or in the bathroom for the other to move about the room.I am sure the rest of the rooms in the hotel are bigger (I checked), but this was the only room in the hotel we could afford. If you do end up staying at the Grupotel Gravina, make sure you don't get the teeny tiny room (everyone knows which rooms they are)!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	4	3	4	

<Author>codraik
<Content>Great location Great location, 5 mins from Las Ramblas, Placa Catalunya, MACAB, and the metro station.Room was spacious and relatively quiet given its location in the city centre. Walls are quite thin but you should be fine. Didn't eat at the hotel but there are lots of decent places in the vicinity. Although comfortable with courteous staff, its not a hotel you would lounge around in, but there is so much to see in Barcalona that this wont be a problem.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>JanjanBradford
<Content>Great Hotel Just come back from a 4 day stay at this hotel. Booked 1 twin and 1 triple room after reading reviews of many hotels on trip advisor. Twin room was larger than expected with balcony, triple room had put- up bed in annex area. Location was excellent, near enough to the Rambles, but just out of the way of the noise and crowds. A tip if you are walking to the Rambles, turn left and left again out of the hotel, and walk along the back street - full of all kinds of interesting shops and not quite as busy as the main street, and leads right onto the Rambles. Definately take the tourist bus to see the sights, we got on the first bus at 9.30 and it was great - much less busy than at midday! Dont be afraid to hop on and off, its so easy. All 5 of us managed to come home without being robbed - we had been put off by the horror stories we had read - dont be, its just like any other large city, just be sensible. Back to the hotel - we all said we would definately book there again, staff are friendly, breakfast good but wouldnt say it was worth 拢17, if you like a good cuppa, take your own teabags, the ones supplied are very weak! All in all had a great time in Barcelona and Hotel Gravina, would love to go back!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>pinter11
<Content>Poor quality hotel       Room with no view  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>jocoeuk
<Content>Great Hotel  We have just returned from the hotel stayed 24.08 for 3 nights we originally booked 2 of the petite double rooms as we were on a tight budget and it cost us 拢220.00 each room for 3 nights we booked these in January so think we got a better rate and booked it direct with hotel.  we got a taxi from the airport to hotel for 28 euros.when we checked in we were given champagne which was free and a nice suprise also it was my partners birthday so they upgraded us to a large room (620) with a terrace which was great as it had a table  chairs so we could sit out there at night there wasnt much of a view though but the room was very clean and modern has a flat screen tv and some english channels, also leave the air con on all day and when you get back its lovely and cool. There is no tea  coffee facilities in the room but you can have them for 3 euro's a day  safe deposit box is 2 euro's per stay i think. our friends stayed in room 103 which is a petite double it was really small but had everything our room had, also this room is quite near reception but our room 320 was in gravina 11 which was up in 2 lifts and a bit of a trek.its location was excellent and you can easily walk to las ramblas  the harbour and you can catch all the tourist/airport buses from place de catalunya square, the airport bus was busy but cheap and they come every 5 minutes.Breakfast is 17 euros which we didnt have in the hotel, we did have a few drinks in the bar but it was very expensive.overall i think the hotel is in a great location and the staff were friendly and spoke english. The hotel is clean and not tired looking or scruffy, its a good 3 star hotel.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>VJ1212
<Content>Everything we expected and more! Gravina hotel was excellent. The location was perfect. All the staff were friendly and all spoke very good English.It was my boyfiends birthday, so before we arrived I emailed them and asked for a champagne breakfast brought up to our room, which was lovely and prompt.The staff helped us find restaurants and places on the map. They always called or booked trips for us and were honest about tourist attractions. The rooms themselves were lovely, clean and the air conditioning was a god send! Getting to our room was a bit of a nightmare as you have to take two separate lifts, but didn't mind as we had a top floor room with a huge balcony.I think it was excellent for the money and I would definitely recommend it and go there again in the future.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Blurt
<Content>Gravina Didn't Disappoint We booked the Gravina based on the reviews on Trip Advisor, so were prepared for a smallish room. We had booked a triple because we had our son with us, so there was adequate space...not huge, but then you don't come to Barcelona to stay in your room! Cava on arrival was lovely, air conditioning was adequate and mini fridge ideal for keeping drinks. Everything was clean and staff helpful. Our rate didn't include breakfast, but we did get a discount voucher for one day which we used on our last morning, otherwise euro 17 seemed a bit steep and as others here have said, there are plenty of cafes around to have breakfast. The location was fantastic and simply because of this, we would stay here again. The only noise issues we had were banging doors, but that certainly didn麓t annoy us. We paid the money to use the room safe and kept an eye on things when we were out and about and the only time we felt really uncomfortable was in Barcelona Sants Railway Station.This was our first visit to Barcelona and indeed Spain and the Gravina was our starting point..other hotels visited on this trip were Hotel Rural Uson Hecho Valley Aragon; Can Cuadros Palouet Catalunya; Sa Rascassa Aiguafreda Costa Brava  Bliss Hotel Begur Costa Brava..I'm writing reviews for these hotels as well.TIP: If using the wonderful turistic bus service in mid July, don't try and get on at Placa de Catalunya...the wait is awful..catch a metro or walk to your first intended site and pick it up there. Also make sure you get your book of discount vouchers on your first ride and simply enjoy this great city.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Copenhagen_girl
<Content>Liked it until we saw the enormous cockroach First impression of the hotel was positive. We liked the room, size was ok and the basics were there (TV, mini bar, desk), there was a small couch and a table. Bathroom was very nice, shower was excellent. Bed was comfortable with clean sheets and and room seemed clean. The air conditioning worked ok, didn't cool that much, was more about blowing air into the room. We were lucky, the weather wasn't too hot.Location was perfect, close to everything, Placa Catalunya and, Las Ramblas. It was great to be able to walk around the city and stop by the hotel to change shoes, drop off shopping bags etc.We did find an enormous cockroach in the bathroom one morning, which really put me off. We told the receptionist and he didn't believe us (!). Otherwise staff was very friendly and helpful. All in all, a good experience, but the cockroach did affect our overall impression of the hotel.Stayed on the 5th floor and didn't have to take two elevators (as mentioned by other reviewer).  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	5	2	4	3	3	

<Author>jimboy143
<Content>Please Avoid I stayed for a week in this hotel. Firstly, the location is superb. Right next to the LAs Ramblas and metro etc. However beware if you want to have a good night sleep.When I entered the hotel, the offered us champagne and I was impressed. We were given a hotel room where we had to first take an elevator to the 2nd floor and then go up and around to another elevator and then take to 5th floor. We said ok no problem, i have seen weirder things in Europe.The Room was better than the average rooms, it was good for the size. Bed looked good and the bathroom was good.However, the problem I had was the A/C did not work. It was nearly 90 degrees and the a/c wouldn't work at all. It would just blow air and not cool air as it was running in their lobby. They sent a repairman, he didnt speak english but was very nice and tried his best to fix it. We gave up and had to open windows at nights to sleep.The bedsheets seemed to be full of bed bugs or maybe it was too hot to sleep? I was scratching myself all over and so was my wife..we were so annoyed. 1st night in Barcelona was hell for us because of the room. We woke up groggy and said ok lets just enjoy....maybe it will get better. However they did not change the bedsheets and we complained again and it was then changed. But for some reason the problem still was there.I can go on and on. I just landed and got home and on the plane ride home, my wife kept on reminding me that make sure you write this revieew or you will forget. If you like good location and dont care for good location. This place is it..go for it. If you do want to book this hotel, beware of the rooms where you have to take 2 elevators..maybe those are the bad ones?  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>1	3	1	5	3	5	3	4	

<Author>mralanmac
<Content>Thank you! Grupotel Gravina! Just came back from Barcelona and I stayed in the Grupotel Gravina. I thought I would comment on how good this place was for us.We got a petit double bed room and to be honest it was much smaller than I had expected. There isn't much of a view either - looking outside it was just the other parts of the building. There was construction happening at the same time too - which wasn't as quiet as we wanted.But this little room was fine! Barcelona is a city that you have to experience and when you get back there is two things you want to do - have a shower/bath and then rest for the next day. The bathroom was very nice - we saw pictures of the bathroom and thought it would be nice and it was really nice. Room cleaning was quick and efficient as we had it everyday as we had our adventures.Free satelitte tv too! I think there was two movie channels that were in english (Action and Comedy) and MTV was mostly english too. The time of the day didnt matter with the type of film because when I woke up and switch the tv on - films like V for Vendetta was on - which may not be suitable for kids.The hotel also has two computers in the main lobby which are free to use! We brought a laptop with us to store pictures of Barcelona but if I had known that there were good access to computers with broadband then we could of just uploaded them onto our Facebook accounts straight away.Right next to the hotel is a small shop so if you like to save some cash from the mini bar get your bottled water and stuff there for really cheap and store in the mini bar.The hotel is located about 5 minutes walk to La Ramblas - top half. When you walk out of the hotel you walk left and then turn left again and then it is one straight road. Just so you know there is a bakery on the end of this road before you get to La Ramblas which has the great baguettes for peanuts! The hotel did recommend breakfast for 17 euro which was silly.Keep an eye on your belongings as one evening some guy did try to pickpocket my wallet from my jeans. He pretended to be a football fan kicking a can towards me. and then coming up from behind chanting. Lucky my wallet was squashed under my bottom in the jeans so he has no chance taking them out without me knowing. Please use the safe in the room because in their terms they hold no responsibility for things that are not in the safe. It is only 拢2 euro a day which is really quite cheap. The safe is about the same size as a small shoe box but is quite deep. The room we had did have air-con - which luckily we only realised after one day of our 5 nights there. The best thing to do is to leave the air con full blast during your day out so when you go back to your room after a hot day out your room will be really nice and cool.This was a great place to stay - probably not that great if you are there all day but definately a great place to rest from a long day.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Thombtc
<Content>Super Location My husband and I just returned from a Mediterranean cruise on the Emerald Princess. Barcelona was our last port where we disembarked. We wanted to experience Barcelona before going home and wanted to be near Las Rambla street where all of the action is in Barcelona.( Don't miss walking the whole length of the street from Placa Catalunya to the Port). This Hotel Gravina was very close and not too expensive compared to many other hotels. You definitely need 2 days to do everything and we only stayed 1 night, which wasn't enough.The hotel was nothing to rave about, but was very clean and great for taking the airport bus the next morning. It is about a 10 minute walk with luggage to Placa Catalunya. The blue Aerobus can be caught on the far side of the park from the hotel as you walk to Placa Catalunya. The cost was 4 euros pp for the bus and it took about 20 minutes to get to the airport. There were many people using the bus at 6:30 am. It runs about every 15 to 20 minutes and drops you right at the terminal you need.If you want a beautiful hotel, this isn't for you, but if you want clean and less expensive, you won't be disappointed.By the way, be sure if you take a taxi from the cruise that you get in line early for a taxi. We waited for 1 hour in a long, hot line, and then the taxi driver didn't know where Hotel Gravina was until I showed him the address on the confirmation statement from the internet.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>pippar
<Content>A Great Little Find We stayed for a week in this lovely hotel, and we would definitely recommend it to others. When booking we requested a twin room with a balcony, and this turned out to be a good move, as we looked in to some other rooms that were not as big as ours. Our room was large with a lovely (little) balcony looking out onto the quiet little street that Gravina is situated on. Even with the door to the balcony open we slept through the night, noise was not an issue. The air-con was so good that we were able to sleep with blankets covering us, even though it never went below 22degrees all week!! The room itself had everything that we needed for a week long stay (although we did notice no tea and coffee making facilites, we are not hot drinks people!) with comfy beds, a big spacious bathroom and a flat screen tv. The room was cleaned every day.Also, the hotel staff were very friendly, greeting us with champagne on arrival and always giving us helpful advice when we asked. The maid was also lovely, and always said hello when we went by! A small piece of advice for anyone that ends up in room 106- the toilet flush will only work when the bathroom light above the mirror is on! We did not have breakfast in the hotel, because we were on quite a strict budget so paid for room-only, but we did have a drink in the bar one night, beware it is rather over-priced!! However we bought breakfast things and drinks from the supermarket two doors down, which is owned by a really nice guy who we made friends with! Aside from that, the hotel is friendly, clean and comfortable, how a 3* should be. Of course if you are expecting luxuries or a honeymoon break then it is possibly not the place, but for a weeks sight seeing in a great location, the hotel greatly exceeded our expectations.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Lord_Gin
<Content>A reasonable budget hotel in a good location I stayed at the Gravina for one night on a leisure trip. For the price paid, just under 鈧?00 including breakfast, I rank it 3 stars, although it is clearly a budget hotel. Staff was polite and helpful, and the breakfast was good. My room was relatively small, but I have stayed in smaller, and the bathroom was good. The air-conditioning at the Gravina is on the weak side, in all common areas and in the bedrooms as well, so keeps you just the right side of comfortable, but it certainly could have a bit more oomph. The hotel has no recreational facilities, so is only adequate for those that need the hotel just as a base for exploring Barcelona, in which case it offers reasonable value for money.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>Dr_Pete
<Content>The smallest bath I have ever seen My wife and I have just returned from a three night romantic break to Barcelona, where we stayed in the Grupotel Gravina. There's nothing fundamentally wrong with this hotel, but it did fall short in a number of important areas.Firstly, our room had the smallest bath I have ever seen. I'm not particularly tall, but even a child would have struggled to fit into the bath. So far as I could tell, this 鈥渇eature鈥?was common across a number of rooms. There was a shower, but I prefer baths and booked the hotel on the understanding that my room would have a bath.Secondly, the hotel told my wife and I that it was impossible to give us more than 1 key (between the two of us) for the room. This is possibly the most ridiculous claim I have ever heard from a hotel 鈥?but they were adamant that they could not give us a second key.Thirdly, the hotel is arranged across two adjoining buildings: floors 1 and 2 in the first building and floors 3 and upwards in the other building. The adjoining building faces out on to a very busy main road and not the 鈥渜uiet side street鈥?that the first building is on. The road is busy not just with traffic but through much of the night, also busy with revellers, due to its proximity to Las Ramblas. Expect noise.On the plus side, the staff were friendly and helpful. (They also appeared to be genuinely apologetic about the shortcomings mentioned above.) Furthermore, the bed was comfortable and the breakfasts were excellent. Another nice touch was the free internet access provided by the hotel 鈥?WiFi was available throughout, or a couple of PCs in the lobby were dedicated to internet access.Overall, it's not a bad hotel, but for the price I paid I expected better.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	4	4	4	5	

<Author>smartySwindon
<Content>Watch out for pickpockets! We stayed at The Grupotel which is just off a main street close to Catalyuna square. The staff were very friendly and helpful from the desk staff to the cleaner.The room was smallish but very clean and the air conditioning worked a treat.Breakfast was fine, a mix of semi English cooked, (watch out for the sausages!) ,and continental.The quality was good for a three star hotel, we have staryed in much worse four star hotels in London! The bar area is a bit small but ok for a coffee whilst you plan your day.The Ramblas is close to the hotel and we found this very geared up for tourists with poor quality restaurants, go a bit further up to Gravinas and you will find lovely bars and places to eat and shop.Sadly, my purse was stolen as we boarded the air[port bus on our way to catch our flight home.Be very careful with personal belongings and you will have a good time.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MrsKGloucestershire
<Content>Would not recommend this hotel We have just returned from a City Break in Barcelona to celebrate our wedding anniversary. We had booked this hotel through Lastiminute.com three months ago. We booked a romantic double with extras at extra cost and requested a room with a nice view. We arrived expecting a really nice room with pampering extras. Be warned - this is not what you get. We got a very small double room with double bed and only just enough room to move around it. It had an extremely hard mattress, skirting board coming off wall, sealer - black and disintegrating around the bath, cracked handbasin. There were no extras until we complained repeatedly. The room looked out onto the wall of the adjoining property. A total disappointment and definitely not what we had booked and paid for. On complaining to staff we found them offhand, disinterested and unhelpful. We were not offered alternative accommodation. After two awful, uncomfortable nights, we decided to move to a lovely hotel around the corner. This was a 3* hotel, far, far superior to the Gravina. Wish we had gone there straight away.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	3	1	3	

<Author>Roz49
<Content>Watch out for thiefs Hotel in great location just 5 mins from Las Ramblas, however my weekend away was ruined because I had my jewellery stolen from inside our locked room. Hotel staff said they could not do anything as I should have had it locked in the safety deposit box. So on my birthday I had to visit the police station and they were not very helpful or friendly. Dont let the chambermaids in to clean your rooms as you cant be sure its not them. They were the only ones to have access to our room! So be warned as well as being careful about pickpockets outside be very aware about pickpockets inside the hotel!  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>Gunner92
<Content>Lovely hotel - great location and good value       Entrance to the hotel  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>emausten
<Content>A nice, affordable hotel in the perfect location Grupotel Gravina may not be the poshest hotel in Barcelona, but it provides a wonderful home base for seeing the city at a good price. Just 2 blocks away from the top of La Rambla and a ten minute walk from the Block of Discord, you can't stay in a more central location for seeing Barcelona's top sights. Our room was a nice size and had a balcony that overlooked a quiet street. Our only minor complaint was that we could hear the noise in the hallway when our neighbors came in and out of their room, and when the housekeeper vacuumed relatively early (9:30ish) in the morning. Otherwise, this hotel was definitely a great choice for those who are more concerned about saving a few Euros than staying in the most upscale hotel in the city.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>dylanm
<Content>What?! Just Ok My husband and I stayed here for a quick weekend trip and besides the location were not all that impressed. The cava at reception is a nice touch though we had to ask for a glass (?) We were in Gravina II which I think might be a newer section on the 5th floor. Because we were traveling with a small child we needed to use the elevator which barely held myself and a child, but you still had to go up stairs to get to the elevator to Gravina II. THE MOVING FURNITURE SOUND UNCOVERED, it is the ceiling mounted radio speaker!! For some reason the radio can be controlled on the headboard of the bed and the speaker is mounted in the ceiling. Cool I guess, but the problem is even on volume as low as it will go it comes on supper supper loud with this Errerrrt sound, and you quickly turn it back off. Once we did it we started noticing others doing the same thing which does sound like furniture moving. The room initially looked good until closer inspection showed molding coming unglued and loose caulking in the shower. Not that big of a deal but maybe spend the $$ fixing these instead of a celing mounted radio that is useless! We were lucky enough not to get the two twin beds pushed together although this was the hardest bed I have slept on. (another place that $$ could have gone)The breakfast is crap I tell you! and was more worth the 10Euros with the discount on the first day. Take a left when you exit the hotel and there is a wonderful bakery down the next street open early for freash breakfast. WAYYY better than my runny eggs and 4EUro Coke at the hotel. On the other hand the staff was very friendly and honest. Im not saying this isnt a good hotel for the price and location, but I would look around before I would stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	2	4	4	3	

<Author>Neil47
<Content>Nice hotel but dont buy tickets through them Nice clean Hotel, friendly generally helpful staff, convenient location, only dissapointment, when I asked about buying tickets to see FC Barcelona, receptionist told me this could be done by them, ticket price was 80 Euros per ticket, this included delivery fee, when they arrived the face value of the ticket was 48Euros ! a delivery fee of 32Euros per ticket, a complete rip off.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrsJMidlands
<Content>Loved the Hotel Just returned from 3 nights at the Grupotel Gravina. Agree with the comments given by other reviewers. It is a lovely hotel, very central to the main tourist areas. We stayed B and B and the breakfast selection was very good indeed. Rooms not huge but perfectly adequate, cleaned daily. We stayed on the first floor so we did experience some usual hotel noise between about 10 and 12pm, such as toilets flushing, general water flowing and people moving furniture (why do people do that?). The staff were all very friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MCBarry
<Content>Perfect Location. Just stayed at the Gravina for three nights with my wife for our anniversary. Lovely reception with drinks and a bottle in our room with robes, slippers etc. Room was on top floor and very quiet. The hotel is a minute away from the metro and a short walk from the main Catalunya square and Ramblas. Barcelona has a great public transport system but watch out for pick pockets on the metro - my wife had her purse taken from her zipped up handbag by a very respectable looking old lady - just a little touch is the give away. It was a hassle phoning bank and going to police etc but it didn't spoil the holiday. Hotel staff very helpful on this.Take some decent shoes and be prepared for a lot of walking, it is a city which encourages exploration by foot, so much to see. We walked miles and would recommend the beach and front. Would recommend hotel for couples and people seeking a quiet, comfortable break.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>michael87
<Content>Nice Hotel, Friendly Staff, Nice food I went to this hotel earlier this month (20th-24th March). The staff were excellent very professional, friendly  helpful. We recieved a glass of bubbly on arrival, the reception area was very nice, the bar was small but cosy and they had a large tv on the wall, they would let you watch what you want if you were the only one there. The resteraunt was nice, we sample the 3 course meal for 20 euros (around 拢15), where I had soup, steak and ice cream, it was well worth the money.The room i was in was 408, i think it was one of the better rooms in the hotel as i had a balcony that overlooked the entrance rather than the backstreet where there was building work going on. The room was two single beds however they were a bit unconfortable. The layout of the room was good, there was a tv with satelite, mini bar  radio although I never used the mini bar or radio. Both the hotel  rooms were very clean and the maids came every day i was there. The two PC's in reception were good for checking emails and i believe there is wireless access in all rooms for those on business.The hotel is in a good location, about 5 mins walk from the top of Las Ramblas, there are lots of shops nearby which include Subway, McDonalds, Burger King, Costa, Topshop, Zara, CA plus some spanish shops.I highly reccomend this hotel to people who want a good cheapish hotel for football matches, stag party's, businessmen  long weekend breaks  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Monroe_Starr
<Content>Nice hotel in central location My wife and I as well as my parents spent the Easter weekend in the Gravina. We had a room exactly above the entrance (facing the street), my parents slept in a room at the back site of the hotel. All together I follow the reviews of the other guests: this is not a quiet hotel (neither on the street side nor the back side), because a lot noise is coming from inside the hotel (it's an old building). Some reviewers said they heard someting as if someone was moving furniture - I guess it's the cabinets' doors of the rooms above. Still, we managed to sleep well. Rooms are kept pretty clean every day, the service is very attentive and the Gravina's breakfast (approx. 17 EUR per Person) has a good value if you like to start the day with a full stomach (otherwise I would recommend the nearby Cafe Zurich).Next time I come to Barcelona I would stay in the Gravina again. Even though it might be a bit noisy I doubt other centrally located hotels would be quieter (remember: Barcelona is a loud city...).  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>laurat-7
<Content>nice hotel This was a nice hotel in a good area to explore. On arrival we were greated with a glass of bubbly or juice. We arrived there early and our room was ready which was great. Our room was on the road so it was very noisy at night and because the room was quite hot we had to sleep with the window open, again this was extremely noisy. The bathroom was okay except for the water from the shower going everywhere, but this was not a problem as I used one of the towels and reception bought me up some more towels quite quickly. The rooms were very clean and the bed was comfortable.Overall the hotel was pleasant. It was my birthday whilst we were there and when we arrived back from our day out we have a lovely bottle of bubbly in our room with a birthday card from the hotel. They must have known it was my birthday from my passport. The breakfast is plentiful with a small hot selection as well as cold selections. I would stay there again but would probably request a room which isn't on the road.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>fee3
<Content>good location but disappointing room We stayed 4 nights at this hotel. The location is very good being within 100 yds of the Placa de Catalunya at the top of the Ramblas. ( although anywhere fairly near the Ramblas would be fine). The staff were very friendly but the room, although it was a superior double, was very small and not very comfortable. Nowhere comfortable to sit and read your book except on the bed which was not attached to the headboard so kept slipping away from the wall. We were given a voucher on arrival for a 40% discount off breakfast on one day. However, even with the discount breakfast was over 10 euros each. If, like us you don't want a huge breakfast on holiday, there are plenty of cafes in the vaccinity where you can get a coffee and croissant for a fraction of the price. We were very impressed with Barcelona - port, beaches. wonderful architecture, shops etc. - a really beautiful city.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Rick64
<Content>Excellent Location in the Catalan capital ! My girlfriend and I stayed at the Grupotel Gravina in the first week in March. The city was vibrant, which was also aided by the steady arrival of around 12,000 Celtic supporters for their Champions League game with the mighty Barca. All good spirited fun, well-behaved, great atmosphere!The hotel location is excellent, only five minutes walk from Place Catalunya and The Ramblas. You can catch the Aerobus from directly outside the main 鈥淓l Prat Airport鈥?terminal if you fly with Easyjet. A return bus fair into the city centre costs 14 Euro and if you get off at Place Universitat (the stop before Catalunya), then the hotel is only 100 metres walk. You walk along Carrer de Pelai and turn first right into Calle Gravina.We were greeted upon check-in with a lovely glass of Cava, and our check-in was very quick. We were allocated a room with a balcony on the 5th floor, which was of a fair size, and extremely clean. It had a nice flat-screen tv, minibar and coffee making facilities. The beds have sometimes been described as hard/firm. They were firm, however we found that they were strangely very comfy and had no trouble sleeping in them. We booked B  B, which was an excellent choice, as the breakfast facilities were spot-on. You have a huge selection to choose from, cereals, croissants, savouries, flans, fresh fruit, toast and hot food also, that included bacon, hash browns, scrambled eggs, mushrooms, tomato and sausages (a bit spicy). The Port Vell area is easily reached by a pleasant stroll down The Ramblas, and you can find many nice restaurants, shopping and The Aquarium. The best way to see the city and its attractions is via the Bus Turistic. This service was on strike when we visited but was replaced by Barcelona Tours who did a marvellous job. There is so much to see and visit in this city that it is worth doing your homework before you travel. For instance, the location of the cable car that runs from Avenue Mirimar (Montjuic) over Port Vell to Barcelonetta is not greatly advertised, but is worth finding as the view is spectacular.Visit Barcelona, enjoy this lovely city, and a stay at the Grupotel Gravina is the perfect base for your holiday鈥?Recommended !  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jamescim
<Content>Central location Clean and tidy - but small I stayed for 1 night on business, the Hotel is in a great central location (near to the Ramblas) and is very welcoming with a clean and tidy reception and room.The receoptionist was very helpful with good maps and directions, and free Internet access with 2 PC's in reception.However my room (204) for a double was very small with a window which overlooked a 4 other rooms as it was a air duct. However they did have better rooms, but mine was a late deal via Expedia!I got the impression most of the rooms were sold via Expedia as the only nationally was English/American.Don't bother with Breakfast in the Hotel, live like a local and go to La Boqueria fruit/fish/meat market about 10 minutes away. The food is all fresh from the stalls and was highlight of the trip!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>brianf01
<Content>ideal hotel Stayed at hotel for 5 nights and really don't have any complaints at all.Flew to Girona with Ryanair direct bus service to Barcelona bus station is right outside exit door of arrival hall (ticket window just to right of door 21 Euro return). Journey takes about 1hr15mins in fairly light traffic, taxi from bus station to hotel 7Euros (11 Euros for the return journey).Our room was adequate size (noticed room next door was very small) good bathroom with hairdryer, kettle and cups provided but you have to buy tea,coffee and milk from the hotel bar(either take your own or there is a small supermarket right next to the hotel).Breakfasts couldn't be faulted, well worth going BB as I think they cost 17Euro each to buy.Ate in hotel restaurant first night, meal ok but when the waitress asked if I wanted chips or vegetables I went for the health option veg expecting potatoes but only got carrots and courgettes so ask for both !! cost for two courses and a couple of drinks 38 euros for two. Sheet' s changed twice and fresh towels daily and room very clean.Barcelona Bus Turistic city tour buses highly recommended but get very busy,cheaper if you book on line before you go 2 consecutive days 23.40 euros adult ,just take your email voucher to tourist information at Pl. Catalunya (large square 5 minutes walk from the hotel where tour buses and the Barcelona Airport bus leave from), to get your tickets and book of money off vouchers.Metro station 'Universitat' just around corner from hotel, very easy to use,modern clean and trains run every few minutes. Lines are numbered and colour coded,ticket machines touch screen just touch Union Jack flag for English translation 1.30 Euro flat rate for single journey but two day passes available.We also went to Montserrat about 1hr 30min by train from Barcelona,a large monastery and church perched on a mountain top.Tickets cost 20.90 euros adult and included Metro to rail station,train fare and cable car up the mountain worth doing if you have time but there isn't a lot to see when you get there. Cafes are expensive so you might want to take drinks and packed lunch.Buses on return to Girona airport very busy I would allow at least a couple of hours travelling time prior to check in to be safe.Girona is a modern airport with two duty free shops (one small another larger one further into the departure lounge) with a good selection of booze and cigarettes.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>barcelonagain
<Content>Barcelona again?? We have just returned from five days in Barcelona and the Tripadvisor reviews are pretty much spot on for this hotel. It's in a good location and very clean. Many reviews mention the 'firm' beds - this is decieving as I think that we would have been more comfortable sleeping on the laminate flooring. There is also mention of street noise. The hotel is located on a 'side' street and our room and balcony faced the street albeit four floors up. The noise from the street was incredible - not just vehicles and building works but mainly shouting. The hotel has laminate flooring throughout and guests are pretty much allowed, and enjoy, the sport of small hours door slamming and furniture moving!!!Barcelona itself was a very busy, loud and 'full-on' city. Smoking was allowed everywhere and the majority take full advantage. There is a constant blue haze of smoke rising from the city.Take full heed of warnings concerning the theft of valuables etc. Locals and websights warn of the perils of the Metro and Las Ramblas...we suffered our theft of rucksack and contents whilst sat near to the beach area. Reporting the matter to the Police was an experience and we joined a significant line!!! I do not invisage returning.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Albuq1
<Content>Clean room w/nice sitting area       bathroom  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>doonhamer
<Content>Friendly staff,good facilities and a great location A very clean hotel only 3 minutes from La Rambla. Rooms are well presented. A good breakfast is available and we used the restaurant on the first night for a set price 3 course meal - good value.Staff are very friendly. I would certainly stay here again - it is very central for all main attractions.Only negative points were the shower was not too strong and if you wanted tea/coffee in your room it had to be purchased.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RobmanUnitedkingdom
<Content>Grupotel Gravina Barcalona       Font magica  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mcdthemanager
<Content>Great little hotel Recently visited this hotel with my family to celebrate our son's 18th birthday. Clean hotel, rooms good size and hotel staff very helpful. Provided 'champagne' breakfast, small cake and also bottle of Cava in room on day of son's birthday. Also decorated breakfast table for us. Try to have breakfast included in cost of stay as it is excellent! Loads of food to choose from. Good bar across street called D'or which serves good meals and drinks. Hotel very central and only a short walk from Metro and Place de Catalunya and La Rambla.Would definitely recommend this hotel and would certainly go back myself.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TheGrimesReview
<Content>Watch the cancellation guidelines at this hotel I had booked one night at this hotel for 21st Feb as was due to travel to Andorra on the Friday. However due to unforseen circumstances my airline cancelled the flight to Barcelona. I therefore had to find alternative flights and the only one I could get was to fly to Girona. It therefore made sense to travel to Andorra from Girona rather than Barcelona. I contacted Hotels.com to let them know the situation at least three weeks before I was due to stay at the hotel asking if they could cancel the hotel. They could cancel the hotel but there would be no refund of any monies. I find this shocking that a hotel has this policy. I can understand if you are cancelling within a week but to cancel up to three weeks before and not be offered any refund is staggering. I will never look to use this hotel again and I will be watching out for this in the future. Be warned !!!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gatti
<Content>great little place couple liverpool Me and my wife just returned from barcelona excellent little hotel clean modernand staff very helpful. Great location right by plaza catalunya plenty of tapas bars close by and good shopping for the wife.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>SonnyboyPontypridd
<Content>Good Standard; Great location Like others we booked the hotel following the positive reviews on this site. It certainly lived up to expectations.We stayed in Graviina II which is linked to the main hotel. It does mean a little walk from reception but it really isn't far and I think this part of the hotel complex must have the larger rooms. Ours was an excellent size, something I hadn't expected given some of the reviews read.I agree with everyone who praised the reception given on arrival. The breakfast too was full of choice and the breakfast room light and airy.The hotel was easy enough to find and brilliantly located. Like othersI would recommend taking the Aerobus from the airport. the closest stop is Placa Universitat but if you pass this stop the hotel is only a 5 min walk from the final stop on the journey (Placa Catalunya).Take the hop on hop off tourist bus to take in the main tourist sites of the city. You'll save time doing it this way. The time you do save should of course be used to walk La Ramblas but don't be afraid to dart left or right off it to explore the maze of streets that make up the Barri Gothic  Raval areas. These areas represent old Barcelona and have some great shops, restaurants and bars. Parts of the Raval do get a bit dodgy at night though!!You'll love Barcelona and for less than 拢40 a night B  B (if you shop around) you can do a lot worse than making the Hotel Gravina your base.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>nicnphil
<Content>Lovely Hotel, Fantastic Location I booked this hotel for our stay (my partner and I) in Barcelona after reading other reviews on this site. It is an excellent hotel. It is very close to Las Ramblas (lots of shops, bars, restaurants etc) and about 2 minutes from the Metro. There is a shuttle Bus which leaves from outside all Airport Terminals, which takes you to the top of Las Ramblas, and the hotel is about a 5 minute walk from here (10 with a suitcase)! We arrived at about 12 noon, and although you cannot check in until 2, you are welcome to leave the suitcase behind reception. All the staff we spoke to spoke good English, even after I made my introductions in Spanish! There are 2 lifts to take you to the rooms. We were on the second floor, and our window overlooked the street. I was a little bit anxious that it would be noisy, but although audible, the daily bustle is not intrusive at all. The rooms are exceptionally clean, and there is a lovely bathroom with a nice powerful shower. I believe some people have said their rooms have been small, but ours was a nice size. The Breakfast is served from 7-10.30AM, and is lovely! Lots of choice, and all fresh. There is a little shop next door to the hotel where we bought water and munchies, which is also ideal. There is also 2 computers in the lobby with free internet access.Barcelona itself is very nice. We arrived on Saturday  flew home on Monday. We did not do everything the guide books suggests, but we had a mooch round the shops on Saturday, visited Sagrada Familia (well worth a visit), and the Spanish Arc di Triumpf, and the park which is near to this. All I would suggest is to perhaps stay an extra day, so you get to see a little more than we did.We had a lovely time, and this is a lovely hotel, with nice food and helpful staff. I would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>kimberly_mcguire
<Content>a little gem of a hotel As this was my second visit to the city i knew exactly where i wanted to stay.This hotel is a 3 min walk from Plaza Catalunya + the ramblas. This is where you can get a bus or a train to almost anywhere in the city.I booked this hotel for its location and as there was so many good reviews on here.The hotel was very easy to find and when we arrived to check in we were offered a glass of champagne which we accepted of course!! Our room was in Gravina 2 which i think is a new addition to the original building. On first look after opening the door i was slightly dissapointed with the size of the room. The double bed took up most of the floor space, a fitted wardrope and a writing desk were also fitted in. The bathroom was big and modern. The room was spotless and at the end of the day the small room didnt bother us one bit as we were not planning to spend much time in it (which we didnt). You dont go to a beautiful city like Barcelona to spend all your time in a hotel room.The breakfast in the morning was excellent. A nice bright breakfast room serving everything you could imagine, fruit, sausage, beans, eggs, cheese.........i could go on and on.Over all this is a fantastic hotel. For me its the loaction that makes it so special! If you want luxury and fancy fixtures and fittings then book 5* and pay 拢200 a night for the room, but you would be off your head to ignore this wee hotel  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>toffeemanHampshire
<Content>not disappointed booked on the strength of Tripadvisor reviews and was not disappointed.Ideally located for La Rambla etc,rooms very clean if a bit small,with modern flat screen TV with multi channels.Breakfast inclusive is a MUST,as there is an extensive range of hot and cold food.The staff are very attentive,and once they discovered it was my birthday,they sent up a bottle of fizz to my room;a great gesture from what is remember only a 3 Star offer.Internet access in the lobby is FREE,which is a bonus for the teenagers during quiet times.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>7agatha55
<Content>Room not as advertised We had a very poor experience at this hotel.We booked a 5 night stay--booking a double room via Hotels.com. The choice of rooms was: double, single or suite. The double room illustrated on the web-site looked OK, so we booked it  in order to secure the quoted price, paid up-front.We arrived from England at 9.30 pm  were given a room that was nothing like the room illustrated. It was 8ft 6 x 10ft 6!! We asked to change rooms,  were refused, being told that that was the room we had paid for. The web-site picture, we were told, was misleading!!Next morning we again requested a change. This time it was agreed, but only if we paid an extra 30Euros a night ---for a superior room. (No such room was listed in the hotel tariff.) The room we were given was identical to the picture on the website.After returning to the UK we wrote to complain to the hotel management, but have received no reply (3 1/2 weeks)I would definitely NOT recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	4	2	1	3	

<Author>cabsandy
<Content>Great hotel for the money Used this hotel in a triple room with 2 friends for a 2 night stay, whilst in Barcelona for a football match. Upon arrival, was met with a smiling face and a glass of champagne-good start! They all speak good english as well.Nice bar and reception, free, yes free, Internet in the bar and some nuts as well. Looked very clean as well. Rooms are a wee bit tired looking, but nothng major-what do you expect for 50 euros a night?Bathroom was clean, beds were good.Rooms are a good size-if your lucky, you get a balcony onto the street, but if not, its still ok.Location is excellent-5 mins walk from Las Ramblas and Placa da Catalunya square-Metro to all main parts of the city is on your doorstep. Also, there is a Subway and a Starbucks 2 mins away so sorted on that front.All in all, a very enjoyable stay and if you looking for a cheap, clean, friendly and well located hotel, then you'd be hard pressed to beat this one.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Tiggsy
<Content>Close to public transport I've just returned from a 3-nights' stay at this really comfortable hotel. It's really close to one of the Metro stations and the airport bus stops - incoming - just 150 metres from the hotel. Like all the other reviews I want to add my thanks to the staff for their friendliness and total professional attitude at all times. We arrived early but the room was ready so we wer able to unpack and had another complete half day to explore the city. We were welcomed with a glass of Cava which was a charming little extra. The staff all speak perfect English and are always on hand to help in every way their guests need. Free wifi available 24/7 which is a real bonus. The rooms are fine with trouser press, tea and coffe making facilities, although you would have to take your own tea/coffee or buy from reception. Bathrooms are great with shower gel, cotton wool pads, shower cap, soap, hair dryer. The shower is a power shower with different settings and the water was always hot. The buffet breakfasts could never be beaten - a veritable feast. Do make this your preferred choice when visiting Barcelona......it's great. Just about 8 minutes' away from Placa Catalyuna too - in fact everything was in walking distance - if you feel like it!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Wolfdad
<Content>Could not be faulted Picked this hotel after reviewing several via Trip Adviser and was a bit concerned after reading about smallness of rooms and noise at night .However rooms were of ample size,clean and we even both had balconies overlooking the street.Location for all attractions was fine and if there was any street noise at night I did not hear it.We went to Barcelona for Wife and Daughters birthday which was on the second day of the holiday.Did not inform Hotel of this but at the breakfast tabel was a birthday card and later in the day a complementary bottle of champagne and some more free drinks in the evening.Thought this was a nice touch . Staff were most friendly and courteous at all times and I would certainly return to this Hotel if I go back to Barcalona.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>jan4jondyer
<Content>Great place to stay Just returned from 3 night stay at Gravina hotel, selected following recommendations on your site. Booked a triple room(3 adults) and whilst not huge was perfectly adequate for our needs.Twin beds and small alcove with sofa bed. I was impressed by the friendly reception and free glass of cava on arrival. Couldn't check in til 2pm, but they did hold our passports and suitcases whilst we went and did a little sightseeing. Immaculately clean hotel, centrally located just off Place de Catalunya and La Ramblas,so not too noisy. Excellent hot and cold buffet breakfast sets you up for the day. Only negative was no view, but how important is that really? Got my camera stolen so be careful with your bags - again hotel staff were fab and helped me fill the police report out on-line.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jandal99
<Content>Great Location This hotel was lovely, beautiful clean, modern, rooms and bathrooms and our room overlooked the street and had a balcony which was an added bonus (good to hang the washing out too!) Only complaints would be the beds, they were as hard as rocks and my side went numb during the night. The queen size bed was just two singles put together and they were made up seperately and on wheels so it was a bit difficult to cuddle up with your partner! The shower also wet the bathroom floor and toilet but as i wasn't cleaning it myself it didn't cause any problems. It was good having free internet access and worth waiting for on the odd occasion I had to. Staff were friendly and helpful, breakfast buffet had a great choice and there was plenty to go around. The restaurant evening meal was very nice and very reasonably priced. I would definately stay here again  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SleepingPixel
<Content>More than I expected! Wonderful experience!       Door - Closet - Bathroom Door - Closet  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>VAtraveler1
<Content>Enjoyed three wonderful nights at Gravina Barcelona was the second stop during our honeymoon. We weren't sure what to expect at the Grupotel Gravina, but they certainly exceeded our expectations! The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. Upon check-in, we were served complimentary glasses of cava (Spanish sparkling wine). When we got to our room, we were surprised to find we had been upgraded (the only hotel out of five during our honeymoon that did upgrade us for our special occasion) to a fantastic suite in Gravina II (their new building). The room was large, had wood floors, modern furnishings, two large closets, and two nice balconies. We loved it! We did peek into the standard rooms. They were nice; very clean, though more basic than our suite. The Gravina also has a nice bar and restaurant, with very good food. There is also internet access in the office. Finally, the Gravina's location was very convenient to La Rambla, and near the airport bus stop. Our only complaint: the room had a slight moldy odor, but it was mild enough to be unnoticeable after being in the room a little while.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>retiredSimsbury_Ct
<Content>Grupotel Gravina - Great This was a great place to stay. The location was perfect, the staff was very helpful and it was very clean and comfortable. We highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hdichter
<Content>Great location, friendly staff, quiet street Things to recommend the Gravina: great location that allows easy walking access to many of Barcelona's fun and terrific neighborhoods; quiet street; friendly staff; typically European small, but also clean, modern rooms with great bathroom; easy access to public transit; internet access, including wireless for the hotel room. Our group consisted of my husband and myself, and our two kids and niece, ages 18 through 23. Everyone felt satisfied with the Gravina. We would recommend the hotel and would use it again- we especially liked being able to walk so many places from this hotel. We asked for a room with a balcony, which was also a plus at this hotel. While small, we used it and enjoyed it.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>MilRom
<Content>Great Experience Upon arrival we were greated with Champaign which was a nice touch after a tiring trans-con flight. Our standard room was spotless, but VERY small (about a 3 ft wide walkway at the foot and the side of the bed). The view about of our window was of a wall 5 ft in front. The bathroom, which was also imaculate, was quite large about 65% of the size of the room, if not more. However, the service was IMPECABLE and the breakfast was plentiful. After complaining about the size of our room and requesting to be switched, the staff (who was very knowledgable, helpful, and available at all hours of the day or night) checked daily to see if the switch would be possible. Also, to make up for the inconvenience of the small room, we received a pleasant surprise in our room: robes, slippers, chocolates, and a bottle of champaign on ice with a note Compliments of the Hotel. Given that we hardly spent any time in our room, the size of the room did not put a damper on our experience. We loved the hotel and the outstanding service that we received. Also, all rooms are equiped with wireless internet.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>neilem
<Content>Football match was main attraction This was my first time going to Barcelona, and the main attraction was to watch the football match, so the hunt for a hotel began.Reading through alot of reviews on hotels, I luckily came across Gravina and took the chance. My personal opinions of Gravina are positive; the staff were extremely friendly and helpful, the food tasted great and modestly priced, the beer on draft was a constant regular for me (yea, I'm Irish). There is free internet access if you needed it, and a laundry service which obviously comes with a cost. You have the option of charging to the room or cash.You are greeted on entry to the reception through sliding automatic doors which they are multi-lingual, a security guard is patroling entrance during the evening/night time. Also there is no carrying luggage up flights of stairs (woohoo)... two lifts are in operation.I got a single room each, for myself and a friend, on my initial impression it was pretty small, but later thought I wouldn't have needed anything bigger. It was catered with a wardrobe with hangers inside, really good air conditioning, a room safe (which you need to buy a key for), a television, room bar, wooden flooring, desk and chair, marble bathroom with a shower and flowing hot water ready for use. If you need an iron, you can simply as reception.The location is very quiet, and is just a 4minute walk away from the Las Ramblas. Unfortunately I didn't use the Metro much, only on my way back from the match at the Nou Camp, but a taxi up there costs about 10 euro, it's about 7 euro to the beach using taxi (but I walked it in 25minutes when I knew where exactly it was). The metros and a train station is just outside the hotel and is easily spotted.I enjoyed my first experience of Barcelona and the stay in Gravina enhanced that. Would most likely welcome myself back again if I make a return to Barcelona.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lazylisa
<Content>Great Location, Good value We've just returned from a 3 night stay at the Gravina. Like most people our room was small, it really needed to be abit bigger and have abit more cupboard space. It was ok for our short stay but you wouldn't of wanted to have such a small room for a week or more. The bathroom was huge though, so no complaints there. The reception, bar and restaurant were modern looking and very clean and tidy - full air con too. Champagne on arrival was a nice touch and my partner being tee total was offered orange juice. The breakfast was good - lots to choose from and always plenty to go round. The location is great, just off a main street leading off Placa de Catalunya/Las Ramblas. All in all I would recommend this to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	5	-1	4	

<Author>worn_0ut
<Content>Great location, tiny, tiny room Have just returned from our first trip to Barcelona. We booked a double room via the Gravina's own website and, following other reviewers' comments, asked for a view onto the street. On arrival we found that we did have a view ... of a wall approximately 5 feet away! However, the Hotel is very well located; we did not have to use any public transport for the main sights. We found the Gravina to be very clean and the staff were friendly and helpful. Although warned by other reviewers to expect a small room, what greeted us was a bit of a shock. On opening the door we bumped into the foot of the bed. There was just about enough room to walk around the bed to get in but with more than one suitcase it would have been a squeeze. The room was well equipped with mini bar, (the fridge being very useful for chilling our own water}, wardrobe and desk with TV. The bathroom was marble and, although compact, comprised of a 4-piece suite with constant hot water. Everything was spotless and cool due to the most efficient aircon we have come across. We would stay here again but ask for a suite rather than the standard double. Although many sites and guides contain warnings, please take them seriously and watch out for pickpockets - we had no problems but met a number of people who had had things snatched. Also, get to the Museu Picasso very early (we were there at 9.20 for 10am opening and the queue was already quite long). Visit Bar del Pi near Placa Sant Josep for tapas at lunch and watch the world go by.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Ange72
<Content>Excellent Hotel The hotel was lovely and clean and the staff were really nice and helpful.After looking at some of the reviews, I was a little unsure what we would be going to but I was pleasantly surprised. The room was fine, enough room to move around, the bathroom was spotless every day we were there.The air conditioning was on while we were there and no smells either! The food is excellent, I would recommend eating in the restaurant as the food is a lot cheaper than La Rambla bars and tasted better too! I would go back to this hotel as it is placed perfectly at the top of the town and is lovely and quiet too.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>suzeandmavis
<Content>Good times at Gravina We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights as our honeymoon. We were a little wary after reading a mix of reviews but are pleased to say that we had a great trip and would go back to this hotel.The communal areas eg reception, breakfast area and restaurant were very luxurious looking. Our room was not quite as special but at the same time there was nothing to specificially complain about - it had decent facilities and was spotlessly clean. The hotel has 2 different sections - we were in 'Gravina 2' - this part would not be suitable for people with mobility problems. There are lifts but still several steps to deal with.The service we received was excellent , the staff were all very friendly and helpful with a good understanding of English. There is 24 hour free internet with printing facilities based in the lobby.  We would strongly recommend paying the extra to include the breakfast buffet - the food was excellent. I wouldn't bother paying extra for the luxury upgrade - the bathrobes, bottle of cava and 'nice suprise' (chocolates) kind of paled into insignificance when you see the tapas bars and patisseries!The best thing about this hotel was the fantastic location... turn right and you are at Place Catalunya and a 2 min walk from La Ramblas and turn left and you straight into the gothic quarter. There is the metro and aeroport bus stop right at the top of the street that the hotel is on. Perfect.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Trembling_Turnip
<Content>Excellent value, excellent service, excellent rooms Booked this hotel on the basis of Tripadvisor reviews and our stay was excellent. The double room was great, quite spacious and very clean with large double bed, satellite tv, minibar, safe, and good ensuite that included shower, bath, bidet etc. Our room also had a relatively large outside terrace where we enjoyed drinking our complimentary bottle of cava on our first night! The hotel is central to Barcelona's main areas (very near Las Ramblas etc and about a 15 minute walk to the marina) but we could not hear any noise from our room.The staff here were very helpful and spoke excellent English. They helped us to book taxis, a dinner reservation and get to the bus stop for our flight home!The only complaint I would have is that the noise between rooms is a bit of a pain. There was also an odd drain smell like cauliflower that seemed to permeate through the room in the morning. Whether this was a problem with the hotel or Barcelona's sewage system itself, I do not know.But in general I found this to be a great hotel; really good value for money, excellent rooms, great location and a first class level of customer service. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Blakkar
<Content>Ideal location, efficient, comfortable and friendly. Because it was well reviewed in Tripadvisor, my wife and I booked this hotel for a 4-night stay in Barcelona. It completely lived up to our expectations and in many ways exceeded them. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful, the cleanliness was exemplary, the beds were comfortable and the room was well-appointed. At our request our room was changed from the allocated interior room to a superior con balcon overlooking the street, which was mostly reasonably quiet except one night when the street-cleaners decided to pressure-wash their bins at 4.30 am. Still at least we felt we were in touch with the city, and it was nice to have proper daylight and even a balcony on which to sit if you're not prone to vertigo (like most of those in Barcelona the rail is only hip-high).The hotel's situation is ideal for exploring the city on foot. It's a mere five minutes' walk from Catalunya Plaza and La Rambla - even for a couple of seniors like us. (Tip: if eligible, ask for senior tickets at the various sites - there's a big saving!). The Metro is also very close by (Universitat). An airport bus drop-off is about 100m away, though you have to go to the far side of Catalunya Plaza for the return pick up. Book this hotel with confidence.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DublinBiggs
<Content>Perfect Location I travelled to Barcelona for a weekend with seven friends in Jan 2006for a chilled out weekend (or as was the plan :-) ) At first, when wegot to the hotel I was thinking it was on a side-street and rathersmall looking. But, when we found our bearings, much to my delight, we were, in my opinion, in the perfect location for exploring Barcelona!! Although the hotel is small (especially the room I was in), it more than made up for it in the service, food and helpfulnessof the staff!! We were greeted with a complimentary bottle of champagne, which I thought was a nice touch!! Overall, I would have no reservations in recommending this hotel to any potential travellers to Barcelona (which, has an excellent nightlife btw) !!  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>NottinghamArchie
<Content>Good Hotel Arrived in Barcelona and used the Aerobus from Airport to centre. Good regular service and cheap. The hotel was 4 minutes walk from the Place de Catalunya square stop. It is situated down a side street so was very quiet. Arrived at check in and was offered a glass of champagne whilst we checked in. All hotel staff were friendly and attentive throughout our 4 day stay. Booked bed only and on arrival was offered a voucher giving 50% off the 15 euro price for breakfast. Tried it the first day, was ok, some fruit, cereal, bacon, cakes etc. 7.5 euro was about the right price. Found better value/quality outside the remaining days. The hotel is fairly basic but was very clean and the beds were comfortable.Would stay here again, quiet, clean, friendly and good location.  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GeoffLevett
<Content>Excellent location, friendly staff I travelled with my two sons, aged 7 and 10. We arrived early morning after having travelled to Barcelona by the overnight train from Paris. I didn't expect to be able to check into the room and didn't have to ask the staff if we could leave our luggage with them while we went out for the day - they offered to do it unprompted.The hotel is very close to the metro station (Universitat) and therefore it is easy to get around, and in fact you can walk to many attractions within 10 minutes.The room was clean and quite spacious, the window opened on to a wall but who goes to Barcelona to sit in their room ? Free wireless internet access is available to all customers, which is an excellent offer when you're on a long trip.The public area was very nice to sit in while waiting for friends to get ready. We had breakfast, which was good though a little more expensive than if you went to one of the many local caf茅s. We also dined there the first evening because we were too tired to go out and find somewhere else. The food was excellent value - around four courses and a free aperitif for less than 20 euros per head, with very good service.We were travelling on to the Pyrenees for a week before returning to Barcelona and I was happy to book the Gravina for a night on the way back to Paris. The hotel gave me a complimentary bottle of Cava for re-booking with them, which was a nice touch. Our room on the return leg was a little bit noisy, we were in the newer part of the building, but it didn't bother me overly much.Overall I thought the Gravina was good value for money if you want a no stress place to stay in Barcelona.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>itstartshere
<Content>Deeply Average Steeped in averageness. That's how I'd sum up this place. Like many, I did a fair amount of research to find a reasonably priced (try the Grupotel corporate site for lowest rate) central 3*. Was I disappointed? Midly.What i liked -*They speak english and are helpful*The room size was not as small as I'd been fearing based on the reviews here. We also enjoyed the view from a small balcony.*Bathroom is a decent size (a small tub mind you)*Clean hotel and well maintained.What i didn't like -*The wireless internet never worked. not once. Lots of range, but no internet connection. I'm fairly techhy and have an up-to-date laptop (managed to slip onto a neighbouring wireless network but very slow) No additional help from the staff here on this. There was one working terminal for guest use in the lobby, but in constant use.*The sulphur-y drains. Everytime we came back to the room we feared those boiled-egg-like smells. Bring some kind of air freshener perhaps.*The thin walls. Was not a constant problem, but they are not totally soundproofed and you will hear your neighbours.*Heat issues. A/C not working (bare in mind it was a shoulder season though, so probably not 'switched on') Had to leave windows open until the traffic started in the morning.Bottom line: You could do a lot worse than this hotel. But by the same token you could do better. And given you're the picky sort who is bothering to research his/her hotel, then perhaps you should...  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EMC144
<Content>Very nice central hotel       View from the balcony of the room  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>AGSicilyBound
<Content>Good Location Recently returned from three night stay at Hotel Gravina, Barcelona.This hotels main asset in our opinion is the friendliness of the staff.We have noted from other reviews that room size seemed to be a major issue.However our particular room was more than adequate...maybe we got lucky.It could also have something to do with the fact that we were on the sixth floor which we understand is part of a recent renovation project that the hotel undertook some time agoAnyhow room cleanliness was fine,beds towells etc changed regularly.Recommend use safe for peace of mind,though was supprised to hear from staff member that the people staying in our room previously took the safe key with them when they left.Having to use two lifts was a little annoying though on the whole our stay was pretty much ok.Universitat metro station and Catalunya metro station well within walking distance which to us was ideal.General location was excellent as you are away from all the noise from The Ramblas,though only two or three mins walk away.Places we would suggest to go and see include Sagrada Familia,Gothic quarter,Picasso Museum and of course the sights and sounds of The Ramlas {though it's true watch out for those pick pockets} most big cities are the same, however Barcelona seems to have more of it's fair share of 'dodgy geezers' trying to rip off the unsuspecting tourist and dont forget to count your change when visiting those cafe's off The Ramblas.Dont want to sound like a know it all but been to Barcelona now three times and this was the first time we actually got two taxi drivers that did'nt take us the long way round to our destination.Use the public transport wherever you can though cause it's inexpensive and generally always on time.A definate must see is THE DALI MUSEUM IN FIGUERES simply SUPERB!!!!!!Maybe an aquired taste but we think well worth the train journey.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JennyLea
<Content>Good location but small rooms There were five of us in our party; two couples and a single female (age 50-60). We had two doubles and a single room for 4 nights. The location of Hotel Gravina was very good, being a short walk from Catalunya Square and Las Ramblas, so we were close to tour bus stops, shopping, bars and restaurants. The hotel offered a hearty breakfast (self-service) which was 16 euros, and although we felt it was quite expensive, it was worth it as there was a choice of juice, cereals, fruit, pastries, ham and cheeses to a full English breakfast. The only downside to our stay was the size of our bedrooms in the hotel. None of us has ever stayed in a room so small (410, 310 and 621 which was in another building). There was barely enough space for my husband and I to pass each other at the side of the bed which, in all of our rooms, was placed right up against the wall, each room having a tiny wardrobe and no drawers. The double rooms were more like single rooms and the single room was even smaller. We were all very disappointed. The hotel was mainly full, so we were told there was no opportunity to move. We would recommend that, if possible when booking, you ask for the larger double rooms or a suite and definitely not rooms as numbered. Rooms 310 and 410 were also affected by noise of the nearby lift late at night and room 621 was prone to occasional bad smells. The bathrooms were mainly marble, modern and a good siize, and everything was very clean.The 2 day tourist bus pass was good value and enabled us to see some spectacular views of Barcelona. We marvelled at the Gaudi architecture, loved the Spanish Village and spent a couple of long, relaxing, lunches enjoying the fresh fish and Paella at the Port Velle restaurants.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>missbrodie
<Content>great hotel Stayed here for 4 nights, Monday to Friday. Great location, airport bus stops nearby, Plaza Catalunya and Ramblas 5 mins walk. The room we had was at the front but we weren't disturbed by noise. Room was smallish but adequate and very clean, beds very comfortable. Hotel staff very friendly and approachable. Didn't have breakfast but did eat there one night. Not much atmosphere but food good and reasonable in price.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ian
<Content>Great position, reservation on room size Just returned from a 4 night stay at this hotel. Location is fantastic, 5 mins from catalunya square, and a 10 min direct walk to the centre of the Ramblas from the rear of the hotel. Major down size is the size of the rooms, we had 109 and this was very small (bed up against one wall), asked to change but hotel full. No air con on so room very hot, hotel did provide fan but it did little to help. (temp 16 to 18 cent). Bathroom excellent and room well cleaned. Breakfast was to first rate could not fault range on offer, would cover most people's needs. Like some other reviews we did experience smell of drains (especially outside room in corridors), but had taken air fresheners with us in light of other reviews. 800 metres from the university so on a night area really buzz's, full of bars, restuarants. Hotel situated on a quite 400 metre road, 400 metres from the nearest underground. Hotel ideal on location but room sizes mean not ideal unless you wish only to sleep in your room, as we were out from 9am to midnight apart from changing for night, not a problem.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>els37
<Content>Good Hotel This is a great hotel, really central, just round the corner from Placa Catalunya and the Ramblas but on a side street so not noisy.On arrival we were given a complimentary glass of champagne, (always a good start!) and the staff were helpful and polite.Rooms were a good size, bathrooms were clean and functional. Well stocked minibar not too expensive. Had a 2 course meal here one night, food was fine and got free bottled water and aperitif all for 14euros, so not expensive. It was a really nice place to stay and so handy for the main square etc. Wouldn't have any hesitation in recommending it and would stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OneLove
<Content>Wow, what a treasure Just returned from a 1 night stay at this hotel with Husband and 2 pre-teens for the Barca vs. Liverpool football match. We booked on the internet last minute and were guarenteed adjoining rooms by the hotel. Firstly, the location is fantastic - 5 mins to Las Ramblas/Placa Catalunya and transport to all major sites. The hotel has a contemporary boutique feel about it and is very well maintained. Room facilities were excellent - mini bar, trouser press, hairdryer plus coffee/tea making, safe (2 Euros per day) and plenty of wardrobe space. The bathroom was floor to ceiling marble and had complimentary toiletries. We arrived 2 hours prior to the actual check in time and our room was ready for us! We were allocated a 2 bedroom suite with balconies overlooking a busy street but with no noise unless the balcony doors were open. Far exceeded our expectations.The breakfast was fantastic with plenty of hot  cold choices. We are a well-travelled family and would not hesitate to recommend this place for any length of stay and will definitely stay here again. Barcelona is a beautiful city and easy to get around.All in all - Great service, great location and great value for money. A real treasure....  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>USAIndytravels
<Content>Great hotel - friendly staff - Recommended       pretty church viewed from balcony  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marshall78
<Content>A nice surprise       Don't miss out on the evening shows at Font Magica  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rro
<Content>Charm and Character, with a classy lobby When I arrived at this hotel, I thought it was quite elegant. The exterior stone work was elaborate, and up kept. Inside, marble and clean lines. I was immediately impressed. The lobby looked like it could be part of New York. Sleek, and clean, yet inviting. Past that, the hotel picked up some charm, with its painted wood trim. My room, and the neighbouring rooms were all similar. The rooms were tight, but space is always a premium in large cities. The bathrooms is where they blew the budget. New marble everything.The breakfast the next morning was elaborate, and the setting was modern and clean. I enjoyed this aspect very much.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ramone2309
<Content>Ideal for budget travellers!!! We were seven guys from Liverpool, England. Booked into three rooms. This hotel was previously a Best Western - so you should get an idea of the size and amenities. Staff were all very helpful and the breakfasts was a very nice hot/cold buffet. Minutes from the top of Las Ramblas and the Tourist bus stops.Would recommend this place highly to all and everyone on a budget who just needs a place to sleep and freshen up. Which is all you should really need from a hotel anyway!. Excellent choiceRamoneLiverpool, England.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lucylou4
<Content>Great hotel and location After spending a long time searching for the right hotel in Barcelona, I deceded to choose this one due to the positive reviews of its location and standard for a 3 star hotel.Staff are friendly and welcoming the location is down a side street and only a 5 minute walk from the Ramblas, and the main subway station at Placa de Catalunya. The room was of a fair size with a terrace and a nice clean bathroom.The breakfast is good with a wide choice of cheese, meats, fruits, juices, pastries, cereals and a cooked breakfast. Great to start you off on your day!!If we were to return to Barcelona we would definately stay here again  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>solandmar
<Content>Very nice hotel I stayed in this hotel for 8 nights and really enjoyed my stay there! A great location, very nice and clean room with fresh flowers and everything you could need there.The stuff was also very nice and friendly, so i just can give the hotel 5 from 5!next time if i need a hotel in Barcelona, i will try to find a good deal in Gravina hotel.Lana  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sydneybrightongirl
<Content>Great Hotel My Boyfriend and I stayed here for 3 nights mid week in November and we had a great time! To be fair we are not overly fussy travellers, all I expect is cleanliness, polite and helpful staff and if possible a good location, and the Gravina delivered all of these.I was quite dubious about booking as I'd read many varying reviews of Barcelona hotels...The Gravina was very clean, had lovely large bathroom with a fabulous shower and breakfast was amazing, I've never seen anything like it! Full hot breakfast, as well as fruit, cold meats, cheeses, cereal, toast, cakes etc.The room was clean, and we were lucky to have a large terrace. The only downside of the place is that depending on where you stay you may have to take two lifts to get to your room. It's a bit of a maze, but for people without walking difficulties it would not be an issue, and we managed to find our way back each night, even after much rioja.The location could not have been better, only a few minutes from the ramblas  catalunya, but in a quieter part of town with some great little bars  cafes very close by.I would definitely stay here again on my next trip to Barcelona.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>BB2Glasgow
<Content>Great hotel for the price. My wife and I had a most enjoyable stay last week - five nights Between Christmas and New Year.Location is VG - three mins walk from La Rambla / Placa Catalunya. If you are coming from the airport on the bus then get off at Universitat Plaza and its 100 metres away.Hotel is small but public areas clean and welcoming. Enjoy the free champagne when you check in! Staff were most helpful and there was free internet access. Breakfast was in a basemnt room but it was well furnished. Food was quite varied and we had no complaints about either quality or service. Gets a bit busy about 9.30am.Room was a bit small but was clean , modern and comfortable.Happy to recommend this place.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>EvG
<Content>superb hotel, if only the beds were better The H10 Gravina is really easy to reach from Barcelona Airport with the Aerobus (鈧?3,75) to Placa Catalunya, in about 35 minutes. From there it's a 5 minute walk. The location of the hotel is good, within walking distance of the Ramblas and old town.Check-in at the reception is done friendly and efficiently, and with a complimentary glass of Cava, which you can take to your room.The room (#202) was very clean, with a spacious bathroom, and TV, telephone, minibar, and a safe which you can rent seperately for 鈧? a day. No spectaculair view, but quiet at night, even with window open. Housekeeping was perfect.Breakfast was simply excellent, staff was friendly and a large buffet with great variety of bread, sausages, scrambled egg, meats and cheeses, juices, fruit and cakes.My only complaint (but not unimportant) was that the beds are NOT of the same standard as the rest of the hotel. Hard springs inside the bed made my back hurt. So if you're a difficult sleeper and/or prefer soft matrasses, consider staying elsewhere. Otherwise H10 Gravina is a solid choice.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>gpw68
<Content>great location Stayed for 2 nights at the Gravina. The hotel check in was very fast and efficient. The room was very spacious with a reasonable sized bathroom. it was situated in what seemed to be the annexe part of the hotel. The room we were in did not have a balcony and did not have any view apart from walls of another building ,but why worry when you are only 5 minutes from the Ramblas.In a superb location at a reasonable price.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Iris
<Content>Quiet central position We had four nights bed and breakfast in this well-situated 3 star hotel.We were not offered cava at the check-in desk although it was there in front of us.We didn't mind as we are not overly fond of cava.Anyway it was there for all at breakfast if we had wanted.Our room 620 was small but had the useful addition of a terrace.I asked for a balcony but that was not available.The terrace was lovely although the view was pretty nondescript.Rooms 620 and 621 are in the annexe and have the useful terraces but 622 and 623 must be awfully cramped as they do not have that facility.Breakfast was good with a fine selection of cold meats and a limited hot buffet.Cakes were gorgeous and juices were delicious.Good quality coffee and delightful service from very p[leasant staff.Free Internet access in the foyer was welcome.The hotel is on a quiet side street but only 5 minutes walk from the Ramblas.Desk staff were courteous and helpful.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Grnwayrob
<Content>Wonderful Small Hotel We stayed at this hotel for 3 days in late September and were very impressed. First, the staff were all exceedingly courteous and friendly. They were always happy to answer questions, and even allowed us a late check-out of 2pm. There are two teensy tiny elevators, which can only only fit 2 people. The room we had was in the main hotel on the back of the top floor (5). Very quiet, though not much of a view. The street the hotel is located on is only 1 block long, so even front facing rooms would be quiet at night. Our room contained 2 twin beds pushed against each other, along with a desk, then a small separate sitting area with a sofa and coffee table, along with a full closet. The bathroom was all marble. The shower had great water pressure and there was always plenty of hot water.  Location of the hotel was also great, just a five minute walk to Plaza Catalunya and the top of the Ramblas, or about 3 minutes to Plaza Universitat with the metro station and many restaurants.  Would stay here again in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>diveguru
<Content>The great champagne welcome       Port Vell  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Stu-type
<Content>Wonderful hotel We've just come back from a 4-night stay at the Gravina and have to say it was a memorable experience.The staff were excellent, friendly and accomodating, and went out of their way a number of times. We were in a sixth floor room in Gravina 2 (620) which had its own balcony that we made full use of. The room was at the end of the corridor which meant it was quiet and plenty big enough for our needs. It was cleaned daily - in fact the whole hotel was pretty spotless.The location of the hotel is ideal and very close to the tube stations, but equally in easy walking distance of Las Ramblas and many other attractions - and of course there are loads of them in Barca. It was easy to wander out of the hotel at night time too, and it was certainly safe.We'd recommend a visit to the Sagrada Familia and the Magic Fountain - they were amongst the highlights of our trip. Also Pi square was pretty cool and a great place to chill out.Avoid - the Port Olimpic area for food, unless you want to get chaved up and watch Brits abroad! This wasn't our taste, as was the paella down there!We did eat well at Biocenter on Carrer Pintor Fortuny, and Mama Cafe on Doctor Dou. (And only one of us was a vegetarian - both were equally excellent.)We had no problems with pickpockets, and we found almost everyone to be very friendly.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel We have just come back from a hen weekend in Barcelona. To be honest I was expecting something cheap and cheerful but was very pleasently surprised. The hotel was extremely clean and well kept. The staff couldn't have been more helpful and the breakfast had a great selection. I would recommend this to anyone - very impressed!!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Pipcosta
<Content>Loved Barcelona We recently spent 8 wonderful days in Barcelona (28th of June to 5th of July). During this trip we stayed 3 nights at the H10 Gravina, and 4 nights at the H10 Marina. We were fortunate to stay in magnificent rooms (suites) at each hotel. The hotels are both excellently located, clean and comfortable. The staff are friendly, professional , and eager to please. The breakfast at the Gravina is very good, and world class at the Marina.Based on this experience we now intend where possible to use the H10 group when we visit Spain.Just a few points that may help fellow traveller:To keep the room cooler, keep the curtains/sun screens closed during the day. Removing the bedspreads and blankets also makes sleeping more comfortable. There is air conditioning but in the height of summer do not expect artic temperatures. Spend a whole day at the Montserrat Monastery. Public transport is clean, efficient, and cheap.We saw no evidence of the reported crime, but with as with all major cities take precautions.There are some great, mediocre, and terrible restaurants. We had three great dinners at the El Rey De La Gamba fish restaurant on the Olympic Marina front. It would have been four but they close on Mondays. That night we had the misfortune of experiencing our only truly terrible meal of the trip. We had returned very tired from Montserrat and ignored our rule of never using restaurants that use sales people to drum up business.Visit the food market half way along the Rambala. Here you will all find a great fish place (open till 5 pm). It has on twelve seats around the serving counter. You will often see two or three people queuing behind each seat. The food is that good.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mashaman
<Content>Beware the standard room Just returned from a week at Gravina. Mostly good things to say with one exception - beware the STANDARD ROOM. They are extremely small and all face small airshafts. You couldn't walk around the bed and it was impossible to tell if it was day or night outside. Although the rate was the best in Barcelona, our stadndard room was so small that we were forced to upgrade to an exterior room. This cost an extra 30 euros, which still made it a good deal for a much larger room with a balcony. However, you might find comparable rooms in other hotels at this greater rate.The staff was friendly, the place was very clean, and an excellent location but I do seriously recommend the superior room. Also, if you have trouble walking make sure you tell them, as a large protion of the hotel is in a new wing that requires a long hike.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable hotel in a great location for exploring the city. Have just returned from a very enjoyable 3 night citybreak. Hotel is clean and comfortable and in a great location on a quiet side street just 5 minutes from the top of The Ramblas. Very central for walking and exploring all aspects of the city. Staff were helpful and friendly - breakfast offered something for everyone. The welcoming drink of Cava was a nice touch!We ate in the hotel on our first night. The set meal was good but the restaurant lacked atmosphere. The following nights we ate out - loads of choice nearby - and the hotel staff were happy to recommend. Would definitely recommend / stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location Clean hotelFriendly StaffChampagne on arrival!Good BreakfastNot really geared up for dinners - we were only ones who ate there the first night. However they do recommend nice restaurantsLocation is brillWould certainly recommend as a base for a weekend sight seeing in Barcelona  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and comfortable hotel My mum and I stayed here in December and felt that we had received really good value for money (the great price may have been the time of year we went, so close to Christmas). The room was large, light, and clean, as was the bathroom, and the beds were comfortable. We were really pleased with the location, close to Las Ramblas yet far enough away not to be noisy. We found the staff friendly and helpful and were greeted with a complimentary glass of wine (always appreciated!)Two criticisms; we were in the 'annex' which meant a long walk through the other part of the hotel from reception to the room and it was a bit smelly (from the drains).  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gss517
<Content>Another Good H10 I stayed at this hotel based on another H10 property I stayed at before. The hotel has two parts old and new and the Gravina II was a little confusing to get to but enough signs to find your way. However the room (#524)we got was horrible. There was water damage all over the walls and smell wasn't very pleasant and the heater wasn't working so we asked to change rooms. They gave us #324 but same thing. They offered us extra blankets but we were a bit irritated now, then finally they found us a room #322 which was perfect. Only had one double instead of the two twins we requested, but I was staying with my mom so it didn't matter. After our room saga was over I have nothing but nice things to say about the hotel. Free internet is always a plus!!! The was staff was really helpful and always recommended an good place to eat. Besides the room issue I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JoeyEmma
<Content>Bagain little hotel Just got back from a two night stay here. The hotel was in a great location, within walking distance from all the main Old City attractions. The staff were helpful and the room clean, tidy and decorated well. Only niggle was that we were in the new part which consisted of a lift to the second floor, walk along a corridor and up another two flights of stairs. The room overlooked an ugly courtyard and didn't have a courtyard, which didn't bother us in winter, but I'm sure if it had been hot summer it would have been a pain. Oh, and our room was in the no smoking corridor that had an ash tray next to the lift and two in the room, although you couldnt actually smell any cigarettes.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location We stayed in H10 Gravina for one night before boarding the Brilliance of the Seas. Hotel is very simple, very clean, staff is nice, breakfast is very good and have good variety. It is located in a side street and less than 3 minutes walking to Catalunya Plaza and Las Ramblas. For a budget hotel, this is a very good place to stay.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Surprising great hotel ! We were afraid when booking that it's not so pretty hotel. what a SURPRISE we had. wonderful hotel, new and very clean. the room was lovely and shiny. the bed was comfort. the service was EXCELLENT and everything was great. the clothes cupboard was too small and we couldn't find an english channel in TV, but we came to trvel and not to sit in the hotel, so it was fine. the breakfast was rich and tasty, and the stuff did everything he could to help. the price was 128 euro including tax, and it was a good price for benefit. MOST RECOMMENDED.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pudycat
<Content>Good sized room, good location The room and bathroom were big - for Europe. Staff was helpful and nice, breakfast was adequate, free internet access was a nice treat. Location was good for walking. Walls were a bit thin, but we didn't have any major issues. Definately would recommend, especially for the price.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Winewing
<Content>Location, location, location! We have just returned from a 7 night stay in this hotel. We booked it through a travel agent in the UK, on the strength of their brochure description and not through a budget company. After reading some of the reviews on this site about this hotel we were very apprehensive as we only read them a couple of days before we were due to leave home. As it turned out, we had nothing to worry about. The taxi journey took just under half an hour and the hotel was located in a very quiet side street about 10 minutes walk from the Ramblas, 5 minutes from Plac de Catalunya and 4 minutes from the Universite. The Staff couldnt have been any more helpful. They did whatever was asked of them, whenever they were asked. There are 2 free computers in the foyer connected to the internet which can be used 24 hours of the day. There is a bar in reception which serves cakes and the best sangrias we have ever tasted, but you have to have a litre jug (the things we have to out up with!)The hotel is imaculately clean. The bedroom we had was on the third floor which faced the street outside. The sun never gets to this room as the street outside is very narrow but the patio doors opened out onto a small balcony which was very pleasant to stand on and people watch. The room was a very good size and had twin beds pushed together. These were harder than we were used to but you find that in any hotel. The marble clad bathroom was well equiped with power shower, bath, toilet, bidet, hair dryer, weighing scales and wash basin. There was a plentifull supply of towels, face flannels, toiletires, sewing kits, combs, dental kits etc, every day. The air conditioning was no noisier than anywhere else we have stayed and functioned perfectly. The mini bar was well stocked and reasonably priced. The breakfasts were amazing. You can have anything from Cava to cake, full english, continental, fruit, yoghurt, cereals, sandwiches even gluten free bread and biscuits and soya milk. This is a buffet breakfast so you then realise what the wieghing scales are for in the bedroom. The only negative I have to say about this hotel is that the bedroom walls are very thin and any sound can be heard from adjoining rooms, even normal conversations. Other than that we had a wonderful stay in a beautiful city, in a very reasonable hotel with excelletly trained and polite staff.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Location, Modern 3 star hotel We booked into the Gravina from Saturday May 28th but when we arrived there were no rooms available. We were told there was some plumbing problems and we had been re-booked into H10 Catalunya Plaza for 1 night. The reception staff were very helpful and walked us round to the Catalunya Plaza which was a few minutes walk away. The Catalunya is a very slightly better location than Gravina as it is right on the Square and everything is to hand. However one of our rooms (309) which was a double was tiny.We returned to the Gravina and were allocated two rooms in Gravina II which appears to be an extension to the original building. Both rooms were fine in terms of size and generally were to a good modern standard - one room had tempremental air conditioning.Breakfast was very good with pretty well everything you could want - various juices, fresh fruit, cereal, cakes, yougart, various breads, bacon, sausage, beans, mushrooms etc .The staff in the hotel were very helpful and their English was excellent.One final word of warning regarding bag snatching - we are experienced travellers and consider ourselves very careful but while we were having lunch on our final day someone walked past our table and removed my wife's handbag - some pigeons had appeared at the table and we had been momentarily distracted. The thief had apparently been sitting at another table waiting his moment. Someone at an adjoining table tried to alert us in Spanish but we didn't understand and by the time we realised it, the bag and thief were gone. We reported the incident to the police from the Gravina but had to leave for the airport almost straight away - at the airport we picked up the police report but it seemed our bad luck was continuing when the flight was delayed by 2 hours. However much to our great surprise, we got a call at the airport from the National Police of Barcelona to say that they had recovered the bag intact - there was then a mad taxi dash from the airport to the police station where we picked up the bag and then caught the plane home! Everyone was very helpful and the taxi driver only charged us for half of the trip. Absolutely nothing was taken from the bag including the money.So well done to the Barcelona police.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>forest1970
<Content>fine place to stay, was very satisfied This is actually the H10 Hotel Gravina, part of the H10 chain that seems to have half a dozen hotels around the Ramblas.Went to Barcelona in January and chose the Gravina from a discount hotel website because it seemed to be the best available combination of value and location. We were perfectly happy there for 2 nights.Friendly staff, they give you a glass of Cava when you arrive to check in. Our room was in the extension part of the hotel, another attached wing. Hallways have obviously been done up recently and looked great. Room a bit dowdy, but perfectly clean and comfortable. Room on the small side, but we did have a balcony overloking the main street (no noise problems)Great location--don't be too stressed about this wrong side of the Ramblas debate you see about Barcelona. At the top of the Ramblas near the Plaza (where Gravina is), there's little difference between sides. It's only down closer to the water that the interior part of the left side of the Ramblas is really dodgy looking. And all along Ramblas itself there are hotels that are on the wrong side but are actually right on Ramblas itself, or just a block in, and looked identical to hotels across the street.Great city, nice budget hotel. I'd stay at Gravina again. (By the way they have 2-3 free internet computers in the lobby which were a great touch--useful for looking up quick things you might like to go see, or double-checking your transportation times).  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Alanmcquillan
<Content>Wonderful Hotel, Great Value Booked this hotel on the web. Was a bit apprehensive reading some of the reviews here but have now concluded that they must live on a diferent planet. We arrived to be greeted with a free glass of Cava and a warm friendly welcome. The staff were superb. Always similing and happy to help in any way. Our room was great. It was large - almost a mini suite - with a sitting area, large bedroom and large bathroom. The bath/shower was excellent and it all looked to have been refurbished recently. It was spotless. Service throughout our stay was perfect and the Hotel is in a brilliant position less than 200m from the top of Las Ramblas with great tapas bars and cafes all around. The Bill was an average of 拢100 / night for two - great value for this area. We cannot wait to go back.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>for god's sake don't book this hotel!!!!!!!!!! my husband and i came to barcelona on 11th sept 2004 to celebrate our wedding anniversary. We booked the hotel gravina on the basis of some of the reviews on this site....what a mistake that turned out to be!on arrival, we were told that they had no record of our booking, even though we had booked many months in advance..they then tried to tell us that the hotel had experienced a flood on the 5th floor..it was quite obvious to us that they had double booked. Although we were taken to another hotel for our weekend...the attitude of the staff at hotel gravina spoilt our stay. I have never encountered such poor customer service. They couldn't have cared less, they were rude, abrupt, ignorant and insulting..please go to barcelona..it's great..but don't book this hotel...and by the way 5 months on we are still waiting for an apology.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JenAnnB
<Content>Great location, good service The hotel Gravina is very conveniently located and quiet. I stayed 3 nights and had no complaints about the noise level. The staff was very helpful. My room was indeed small, as commented by others, but was comfortable and had everything I needed. The bathroom was amazingly luxurious - great soft towels. The food in the restaurant was OK, not great.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible!!!! We arrived after skiing in the north, exhausted, we only wanted a room before flying home the next day.All the rooms were in the annex building, attached on the side of the main hotel.We booked 4 twin rooms for 8 people we were only given three twins and a single. (And we booked four months in advance) The single room had NO WINDOW and resembled a broom cupboard. The whole uncomfortable experience was made worse because the air-con was switched off. I refused to pay for the broom cupboard, which I never used, and they agreed only to charge my Visa card after we had checked out.The staff were the worst I鈥檝e ever encountered and can only be described as unhelpful bastards, even after pleading for some kind of compromise.The whole experience will make me never visit Barcelona again.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just what we wanted Just spent 2 nights here on the occasion of my partner麓s 30th. Wanted something a bit special, but that would not break the bank. Chose the hotel on the basis of reviews on this site, and it exceeded my expectations. Got the customary glass of Cava on arrival from the very friendly reception staff. Were also treated to a complimentary platter of fruit as it was a special occasion. Our room was on the 2nd floor, above the reception and had a balcony looking over the street. Was an adequate size and had a lovely bathroom with various toiletries provided. Was very impressed by the bathrobes left on our bed after the maids came to turn down our beds! Location was perfect: less than 10 minutes walk to La Rambla and the thick of things. Was really impressed by all aspects of the hotel, in comparison to various other 3star hotels in Italy and France.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Does the job Stayed 5 nights and found the hotel adequate. The hotel lacks any flair or soul but provides a quiet place with reasonable comfort. Breakfast is good with plenty of food and choice but there is limited space so you have to be down before 9am to avoid queuing. Rooms vary in size and I wouldn't have been happy with the small rooms at the side. Staff are very helpful and polite. Position is good for all the major site seeing: about 5 minutes walk to Placa de Cataluyna and Las Ramblas. If you stay here you won't have any real complaints but then again you won't come back raving about how wonderful the hotel was.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Grete68
<Content>Excellent location We had a triple room from 30 August till 3 September. Very quiet hotel, very good breakfast and perfect location. The walls were thin - we had a good laugh a bit late, and got a phone call from the reception imediately. We still recommend it!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MarkSpurs
<Content>Idael centrally located hotel I travelled with a party to this hotel weekend of Aug 13th 2004. Service was polite and attentive and my party was greated with a complimentary glass of cava for each of the guests. Rooms all clean and modern (some smaller than others but none uncomfortable) and some with Balcony's. Ideal location for investigating the city of Barcelona.I travel frequently on international business and have paid far more for far less at other so called international hotels. I would return without hesitation to this great value hotel (90euro per night for a twin room).  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Amy368
<Content>very good accomodation i went to barcelona in october 2003 and decided to stay in the gravina due to the comments and reviews on this site and were not dissapointed. rooms were clean, staff were very helpful. the location was excellent, just in the middle of everything really!! the windows were soundproofed, so you couldnt hear the outside traffic which was good. the only downfall was the breakfast, it was more of a continental breakfast, with cheeses and salami. there was cereals and fruit though. i would definately go back there in the future.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Recommended We enjoyed our stay in the Gravina very much. It has a great location and extremely pleasant and helpful staff. The rooms weren't the largest (although we've seen much, much smaller) but they were very clean and well-appointed. We chose the Gravina because of the reviews on this site and we weren't disappointed.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Staff, Thin Walls The Hotel H10 Gravina is nicely located on a fairly quiet side street not too far from Las Ramblas. The staff is friendly and very attentive. The breakfast consisted of a buffet of great variety, including fruit. The only drawback to this hotel is that the walls are quite thin--if you don't like hearing what's going on in the next room (guests coming home late, doors slamming, etc.) you may find your sleep disturbed. We were not greatly bothered by it.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel from middle earth, if you are the size of a Hobbit you may like this hotel Hotel from middle earth, if you are the size of a Hobbit you may like this hotel. Being over six feet tall and not one bit like a Hobbit my feet hung over the end of the barely 1 戮 size bed, also the stunning views of the constantly buzzing extractor pipe from the kitchens made this hotel one of the pokiest holes we have ever had the misfortune to stay in. There is however an upside to this tale, we checked out of the Gravina after the first night (there were no bigger rooms), and booked into The Grand Marina Hotel on the water front, this is a 5 star GL hotel that surprisingly only cost another 20-30% more than the pokey smelly Gravina, where鈥檚 the justice in that hey. After this disappointing start we managed to have a pleasant stay in what is a very beautiful city. Having complained to Expedia we managed to get the money back representing the cost of the accommodation we didn鈥檛 use, I hope this posting can stop the same thing happening to anyone else.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel We liked everything about the Gravina from the very smart entrance and lobby to the staff who were extremely polite, helpful and friendly. Our room faced the street (third floor) but was still quiet and had a small balcony for those with a head for heights. The room itself was immaculate, modern and very appealing, as was the en-suite bathroom. Lots of storage space and very comfortable. The buffet breakfast was the best bit!! Endless choice, no limit as to how much you had and all very good quality. The breakfast waiting staff were helpful and very polite. All in all an excellent experience, we would definately book the Gravina again.  
<Date>May 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ckwald
<Content>Not bad but could be better, even at 3 stars The bathrooms are the most luxurious part of their accommodations -- really quite nice, but the room itself was fairly spartan. It did have a little sitting area, with two chairs and a table, but the beds were rock hard (you want to ease down on them gently, lest you break a body part). The air conditioning was non-operative during our very warm stay in early-mid May (the screenless window opened, however), the TV remote control did not work, although there was an attempt to repair it, and a spare blanket taken out of its plastic wrap in the closet smelled so musty that it needed to be replaced -- and was, with one that smelled somewhat less musty. On the positive side, the front desk and housekeeping staff were extremely nice and helpful, the public areas and the rooms were immaculate, the buffet breakfast included in the reasonable room price was excellent and the location of the hotel was convenient, if not particularly appealing. 聽聽  
<Date>May 13, 2004
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Value Stayed at the hotel for 3 nights from 8th March 2004. Excellent price and location - we paid 89 Euro per night for a double room.The staff were really helpful and breakfast was lovely, especially the donuts!Walls are a little thin, we had a screaming child next to us for 2 nights! However, easily solved, sample some of the local beverages and you will sleep well.Not sure whether the room would be as good in the summer, as our room was really warm, and we couldn't seem to get the room cooler!Most important thing is the hotel was super clean.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cramped double rooms / spacious well-equipped bathrooms / great breakfast / good location I stayed at the hotel Gravina with my husband from 10-16 April 2004. We had booked the room via for 145 鈧?a night (which I thought was a lot but it was meant to be a special treat). We first got a room - 622 - that may have been alright as a single room for 1-2 nights, but was far too small for 2 people staying 6 nights: no space for 2 suitcases, 4 coat-hangers in the wardrobe, instead of a bedside table one small wobbly board right above the head). We were told that this was the standard size of a double room. The satellite television was a small TV set that received only 3 blurred Spanish programmes. Although I had asked for a quiet outside-facing room, the view from Room 622 was a narrow concrete courtyard. I was told that all outside-facing rooms were noisy. Although the bathroom was a surprise, as it was spacious (we stored our suitcases there) and very well equipped (even with bathroom scales), and although the breakfast was superb, I felt that we had paid far too much.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2004
<Rating>3	1	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't go to the recommended restaurant! Our room was good, and the bathroom excellent. Breakfast was also good for the price and the fact that this is a city centre hotel. However, do not allow the reception staff to recommend a restaurant (as they are clearly getting commission from it). Tired, hungry and naive when we arrived, we followed their recommendation and it was terrible; it was a long walk away, it was very expensive for poor quality, cheap food, and was served lukewarm! This, however, was the only criticism we had of the staff, who were otherwise very helpful.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mia1972
<Content>Great little Hotel Went to Barcelona in mid-January. The weather was perfect and in the 50's and 60's unlike the miserable teens and 20's in Washington, D.C. Anyhow, this hotel was a great hotel for the price, which was moderate. In the middle of the Passeig de Gracia [pricey shopping boulevard] and the cheap Ramblas. Our room was delightful with a sitting room overlooking an alley of apartment buildings and was always nicely cleaned by the maids. The lobby is small and modern, but was nice because it had access to the internet and a copier. The best thing about the hotel was the staff who always greeted us on our way in and out of the hotel unlike our previous vacation in Puerto Rico where we stayed at a $2000 a week/ 4star supposedly hotel [Water Club] and were treated like peons. The breakfast buffet was also very good and in a very charming and clean restaurant. Kudos to the management and staff for being very polite and congenial and keeping a clean hotel.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pjorosco
<Content>Wow, what a smell! I stayed at the Gravina in December of 2003 (room 408) and was greeted by one of the strongest chemical odors imaginable. Once the chemical odor wore off I was greeted by the odor that the chemicals were meant to cover up.....sewers. I complained to the management and was handed the bottle of cleaning chemical to cover up the sulfur odor. Each day the cleaning person would respray the chemical to again cover the smell. It was so unbearable that we put a wet towel in the crack of the bathroom door in order to sleep without the patio wide open (middle of winter). Other that the smell I found the hotel to be nicely located and well maintained. The rooms were tiny, as expected, and the beds were uncomfortable, again as expected in Europe. I was amazed at how the management dismissed the odor as normal and offered us no discount or alternate room. Try this hotel at your own risk.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Indiegoddess
<Content>Nice location We loved this hotel. Greeted with the local Cava and a staff who were very helpful. The room was lovely and had a view of a period building across the street. Firm beds and English CNN. The location was ideal -- just a couple blocks from the transit point of Catalunya Square and the amble down to the ramblas is the music, record stores and trendy shops section of town. Breakfast was very nice. Don't expect the Ritz and this is a hotel you will want to return to.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>NancyCA
<Content>Loved the Gravina Hotel Based on several reviews from this website as well as those of a family member, who had lived in Spain, we stayed at the Hotel Gravina for five days during Thanksgiving. We found the hotel room quiet (Our room did not face the street.), clean, and large enough for two. We liked having ample closets and a sofa in the room.The staff, accommodating and courteous, helped us find restaurants, etc. When other members of our family arrived, the staff placed them in a room on the same floor.Located near the Playa de Catalunya, the hotel was easy walking throughout the Ciutat Vella to Eixample.The excellent breakfast buffet was a plus.I would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WeekendWanda
<Content>Good hotel/location Stayed at Gravina mid October. Arrived by bus from airport and 2 mins walk. Close to Placa Catalyuna and also Universitat metro. Handy for the Ramblas and also Passeig de Gracia and Gran Via. Welcome good and room more than adequate. Good buffet breakfast included in price. More than met our expectations in every respect.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be wary of this cramped 3-star Okay - hotels in Barcelona are becoming over-priced and any new hotel has been designed to give maximum number of rooms in minimum space.If you want to book for a location - this is fine - very convenient to the city centre, but do not check in until you have seen the size of you room. The doubles and suites vary hugely in size.Gravina is small and cramped - although very, very clean and the service is good.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Stuff Booked via the net and chose due to good reviews on this site. Very pleased with the hotel - good, safe choice. Excellent location next to La Rambla, metro station and little corner shop to aviod forking out for mini bar! Bus from airport drops you off 3 mins away. Staff very friendly with good English. The breakfast was excellent - wish I had woken up earlier to eat for longer. Will go back definetly.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value   showReview(1271020, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better deals available than this   showReview(1235959, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gravina = Excellent.   showReview(1140399, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel   showReview(1109427, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Barrons
<Content>brilliant   showReview(983269, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2003
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent place   showReview(923987, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mini Me Sized Room For Full Sized Price   showReview(846970, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>lovely hotel - great city   showReview(753229, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2002
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nut&tid
<Content>Loved this hotel   showReview(741159, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Oriarso
<Content>Ottima posizione, WIFI gratutito, ma non eccezionale   showReview(23305315, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>3	2	2	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Les pt. d茅j sont trop chers...   showReview(20387264, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Superbement bien plac茅   showReview(19630208, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>puffy74
<Content>Bello ma camere minuscole!   showReview(18342793, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	4	3	-1	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel in der N盲he der Ramblas   showReview(18529149, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(18529148, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bien situ茅 mais un peu sale   showReview(18529147, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nur f眉r Kurzaufenthalt   showReview(18529146, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>lo consiglierei solo per un wekkend, non per una vacanza   showReview(17436870, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	1	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bonnes Prestations mais chambre petite   showReview(17436869, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>f眉r einen St盲dtetrip optimal   showReview(16592767, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>anst盲ndiges Hotel   showReview(16592763, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel in pieno centro, ma.....   showReview(16592764, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>rsoese
<Content>Mit dem richtigen Zimmer optimal       Am besten sind Superior Zimmer 1,2,7,8  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tr猫s bien situ茅, dans le centre de Barcelone   showReview(16592762, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>jederzeit wieder, Freundlich und hilfsbereit, gute Lage   showReview(16592751, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super Lage   showReview(16592750, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Alles sehr ordentlich   showReview(15561854, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Guter Ausgangspunkt f眉r St盲dtereise   showReview(15561853, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ich w眉rde dieses Hotel wegen der guten Lage wieder w盲hlen   showReview(15561852, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	1	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>jederzeit wieder, da wunderbar zentral   showReview(14734199, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit gerne wieder!   showReview(14734197, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(14734198, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>twinpowercb
<Content>hotel 脿 recommander   showReview(14430879, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La chambre 茅tait toute petite...   showReview(16727790, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lage sehr gut. Zimmer (3Bett...   showReview(14422024, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentrales Hotel mit guter Schallisolation   showReview(14734196, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione centrale ma prezzo...   showReview(13929957, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>3	1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Week-end touristique en couple...   showReview(14311373, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bon emplacement 脿 cot茅 de la place catalunya.   showReview(13978435, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>GRUPOTEL Barcelone   showReview(13978436, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ravi de l'h茅bergement   showReview(13978434, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel Grupotel Gravina   showReview(13978433, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gut, aber ruhige Lage nicht zutreffend   showReview(13196044, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ganz okay   showReview(13196043, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>rundum top Service   showReview(13196037, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s de莽us par la taille de la chambre   showReview(13196036, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zu empfehlen   showReview(11663273, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>kann ich nur jedem empfehlen   showReview(11306588, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Prima visita a Barcellona...   showReview(11419068, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un peu d茅莽u   showReview(11446641, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bien !!!   showReview(11446640, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bien!   showReview(11446635, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Prima esperienza con...   showReview(11419069, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un perfecto hotel para alojarse...   showReview(11419067, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent emplacement pour...   showReview(11419070, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tr猫s bien situ茅 dans une...   showReview(11419071, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo albergo pulizia delle...   showReview(11419072, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel...siete vicina...   showReview(11419074, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La struttura 猫 molto bella...   showReview(11419073, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel in guter Lage   showReview(11358142, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel centrale(pressi piazza...   showReview(11419075, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ci siamo trovati veramente...   showReview(11419076, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Colazione letteralmente...   showReview(11419077, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel bello accogliente...   showReview(11419078, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 22, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nella hall prima della partenza...   showReview(11419079, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'accoglienza 猫 stata...   showReview(11419080, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nonostante la posizione...   showReview(11419081, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo in posizione centrale...   showReview(11419082, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo tre stelle in posizione...   showReview(11419083, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Se dovessi riandare a...   showReview(11419084, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ritengo di mia piena...   showReview(11419085, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel da raccomandare a tutti e...   showReview(11419087, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo 猫 davvero carino, il...   showReview(11419086, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Doppelzimmer zur...   showReview(11419088, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tutto eccellente.solamente il...   showReview(11419089, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r kurze St盲dtereisen sehr gut...   showReview(11419090, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel e' situato in ottima...   showReview(11419091, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Parfait! Aucune surprise...   showReview(11419092, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo albergo, centralissimo e...   showReview(11419093, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>An guter Lage...   showReview(11419094, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel centralissimo accesso...   showReview(11419095, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2003
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

