<Author>crism_9
<Content>Overexpensive I had the choice between this hotel and the Hilton. Some reviews on the internet warn against hotels downtown, so I decided for the Huntington.Still, if you are not a millionaire, you'll have to go downtown anyway. The Huntington hotel has the inconvenient of being high up the hill.I really regretted my choice... If I could choose again, I would have chosen an hotel downtown.About the hotel: the rooms are good but not as luxurious as in most 4 star hotels. The lobby is rather small and the swimming pool tiny. The staff is nice, but the tip-searching behavior is kind of tiring.Watch-out: the tax is 14%!!!!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>2	2	4	2	4	3	3	1	

<Author>ALee21
<Content>not what I expected We were in SF for a meeting and stayed at the Huntington for 4 nights. The hotel is definitely faded glory and not worth the $315 price tag. The room (deluxe) itself was more spacious than what one would get at the Marriott and the bathroom was nice. However the furnishings were old and worn. The carpets in the common areas and the room were worn and stained. There was not always a doorman to get the door. The building itself is old SF so it has some charm. Since we were at our meeting from 7 AM to after 10 PM, there was not an opportunity to use the spa which was probably what the mark up was for. I would prefer that there is a base price with the use of the spa as an add on. Even for SF the room did not justify the price.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	3	2	1	

<Author>looper63
<Content>Nice stay at the Huntington Happy to return to the Huntington after several years for an overnight stay. Located right on Nob Hill, centrally located to shopping, sites and restaurants. Catch the cable car right out in front. Rooms are clean and well furnished, with large bathroom. Fiends and I both enjoyed spa services, though a bit pricey. Recheck website or travel websites before travelling, prices change from time to time.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SlyFox_TX
<Content>Old Frisco's Finest Small Hotel       View walking into the Big 4 Restaurant at the Huntington Hotel in San Francisco  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>tullamoreman
<Content>Great location, lovely room Really liked the hotel, good service, great room and helpful staff!The Spa was great! Had a yoga class at 8 a.m that was great!! So Californian!! Lovely bar.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Horus7
<Content>Gracious and Elegant My husband and I recently spent four nights at The Huntington Hotel and found it to be among the best small hotels that we have ever stayed at. Our trip was for pleasure and the Nob Hill location provides central access to many areas in the city. The ambiance of the Hotel, public areas and hotel rooms, are understated and elegant. The staff couldn't have been more gracious and accomodating. We enjoyed using the facilities at The Nob Hill Spa, which is attached to the hotel, during our stay. Next stay I plan to book a massage. We dined in the hotel restaurant, The Big 4. Very good. We especially enjoyed the pianist in the adjacent lounge. This hotel reminds me very much The Stanhope Hotel in Manhattan that we stayed in six or eight years ago. I think that hotel has since been converted to private apartments.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pro-tripper-uk
<Content>Tourists be warned We really researched our hotel choice for San Francisco as we wanted the kick off our holiday in style.We were left bitterly disappointed by our experiance, we felt that as tourists we were neither valued or attened to, with the hotel staff clearly focussing on repeat business customers.Also the actually bed in the hotel room was not up the standards of the hotel, in fact it was more in line with what would be expected from a cheap motel.If you are visiting San Francisco for pleasure rather then business, avoid the Huntington to avoid disappointment.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	5	1	1	4	

<Author>doretti1
<Content>Everything preferred except......... I typically find myself in San Francisco once every 6 weeks for busienss travel. I usually stay at the Fairmont on Nob Hill but it was booked. I enjoy staying on Nob Hill being that it's away from the finanical district and not as noisy so I looked through the Expedia Corporate site to see what was available. Being that the Huntington was a member of the Preferred Hotel Group, I anticipated a seamless stay and that it was. However, when you're paying top dollar to stay at a hotel, you expect excellent service and ammenities. This hotel oozed old world San Francisco Charm. I entered my vintage room on a requested high floor and was please with the 1920's-esqe furniture and decor, a newly remodeled bathroom with modern fixtures and then there was the TV. The TV was a 24 black box sitting on a cart with exposed wiring everywhere. TACKY BUZZ KILL. I am trying not to sound vain but if you stay at a Preferred Hotel property and they aren't current with today's ammenities, then I question the 'designation'. Flat screens will complete the entire experience, regardless of whether I stay in my room and watch it or not. Other than that, the hotel was gorgeous. New TV's and I'd book again in a heart beat.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>LELMD23
<Content>Mostly good Stayed at the Huntington Hotel atop Nob Hill on a getaway weekend with friends. The location of the hotel was great - easy access to Union Square and Fisherman's Wharf by cable car. Easy walking distance to Chinatown and North Beach. The hotel also offers chauffered sedan service to nearby attractions during regular hours. The deluxe rooms with 2 double beds we stayed in were a little tired - the bedding could use an upgrade. However we did peek into what I presume was a luxury room with a king bed and lovely fluffy down comforter with upgraded bedding. The bathrooms were palatial and we enjoyed the L'Occitane bath products.The hotel staff was on the whole pleasant - neglected to send up a corkscrew when requested, and the doorman was somewhat snobby, (I think he was trying to be funny?!?). The Big 4 restaurant was expensive and not all that impressive. There are better nearby options.The spa was great. A beautiful, newly updated, and relaxing space. Loved the Thai Coconut Wrap!So, on the whole, our stay was nice, but nothing spectacular. We chose this hotel for the spa - but I'm not sure I'd stay again if I weren't using the spa facilities. There are nicer/more convenient options elsewhere in the city.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>moodywatcher
<Content>Great Stay At A Excellent Hotel we had a great several nights at this hotel, the room was ready and was nicely appointed. the room was very clean and pindropquiet. the hotel is in an ideal location, walking distance to so many locations.we always dealt with friendly people and had noconcerns at all.when we return to the city we will stay at this hotel withoutany hesitation.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UTAustin
<Content>Great Location, Classy Hotel       Another city view from the bedroom, with the bay beyond..  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Mikefil58
<Content>Mixed review on the Huntington A large group of us stayed at the Huntington as part of my wife's office holiday celebration. On the plus side, the bell staff was friendly and willing to help with whatever we needed. Those people are serious about their jobs and deliver first-rate service. The location is very good, although a walk down to Union Square involves a very steep climb back up. There were several negative aspects, though. The most difficult for us was a certain unfriendliness towards children reflected in hotel policies. The most glaring of these was that the pool is limited to those 16 and older. While we understand the decision to make the pool a place for adults to relax, the hotel needs to be upfront about this. We had no idea that this was the case until our daughter (who was swimming quietly and under our supervision) was booted out. We were all quite disappointed by this. We were told that the hotel had an arrangement with a health club across the street that would let her use the pool, but it was a cold, windy evening in San Francisco and we weren't about to do that. Another problem involved the room we were given. We were supposed to have been placed in an upgraded or deluxe room (with the attendant higher price) but instead were put in a small room with a terrible view. The reservation was for three of us but the room had only one bed and we were treated with a certain annoyance when we asked for a roll-away for our daughter. (The front desk employees did not appear to be as service-oriented as the bell staff.) Once we realized we had not been placed in one of the nicer rooms, we mentioned this and the hotel offered to move us. We just asked that they only charge my wife's company for the room they gave us, which they of course agreed to do. Another significant problem involved the garage in which cars are kept. Apparently, the Huntington contracts with a garage next door that parks your car when you check in. This garage is horribly disorganized and when there were a large number of people checking out (as there were at 11:00 AM on the Sunday morning we left), the wait for a car was far too long. Some of my wife's co-workers spent up to an hour sitting on the curb, waiting for someone to bring their car to them. We decided to leave our bags with the bell staff and come back a couple of hours later. At that point, the wait was down to ten minutes or so as we were the only people needing a car at that point.So pluses were the bell staff,. the location, and the overall ambience. Negatives were unadvertised unfriendliness to children, what appeared to be minor incompetence by the front desk, and a terrible system for handling parking. Given the cost of the Huntington and the many alternatives in San Francisco, it's doubtful that we'll be back.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	2	4	3	

<Author>jhtravel
<Content>The worst service in California (or anywhere else I've stayed) VILE We booked the Huntingdon for the last night of a 12 day trip having stayed in a number of other of hotels (all of which were good to excellent).It was a disappointment.Pros - Bellmen were charmign helpful and friendly (esp James) - couldn't be more helpful.Location right in middle of Nob HillCons - The service of desk/concierge - we arrived early and were told we could check in at 3 - this in itself isnt so surprising. However what was surprising was when our room wasn't available when we returned at 3.30. After being told they were checking to see if our alloted room was clean (you'd think this would have been done before 3pm) we were kept waiting for half an hour (despite being told it would be 5 minutes). At which point my husband enquired what was the delay only to be told that the hotel was full so we should be grateful to have a room (I must remember this for my clients as an excuse should I ever want to lose my job) and that we were only paying $300 dollar a room etc so should just wait. When my husband persisted in asking about a delay we were offered an alternative higher rate room (which my husband was then told and then telephoned in our room by concierge to emphasis how grateful we should be for this upgrade. WE NEVER ASKED FOR THIS UPGRADE merely the room we actually booked at the allotted check in time of 3pm!). It certainly gave a lovely start to our stay that we were basically being told as paying guests we were lucky to be there. Bathrooms are tiny..shower bath and small sink/toilet unit. Given the size of room and wasted space this is baffling. Decor is slightly tired.. Hygiene also suspect - both my husband and I had bites on our bodies after staying here and suspect it may have been bed bugs from this hotel .The spa -distinctly unfriendly and unhelpful attitude (the drunken women comparing breast size in the pool was also somewhat offputting). If you're paying top dollar for a spa treat, you want to be treated nicely in a nice ambience, not greeted in a surly way and then experience the kind of ambience I last saw 10 years ago in a Cyprus 18 -30 hotel.The rooms walls are paper thin so not a good plan if you're a light sleeper as the goings on of all your neighbours are all too clear. Price for what you get its overrated -we also stayed in W which was comparable price and about 1000 times better in terms of quality of room. facilities and services.I'd not go back and I'd certainly not recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	2	1	

<Author>hundfschmidt
<Content>Their Restaurant is Fantastic A very nice property. This is old world San Francisco.We had a great room/apartment with a very neat view. If you expect the Corporate layouts of Marriott/Hilton/Westin forget this place. Lots of nooks and crannies with neat old construction. Stayed there 3 nights and ate at the BIG FOUR restaurant twice.Super food, neat menu and very nice service. Our hats off to the head chef.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gatorgirl123
<Content>Great Hotel! Great boutique hotel in a wonderful location. The hotel was great, staff friendly  helpful. Note: You have use of the spa pool, hot tub etc .. but only for 16 years and older. We had friends staying with us that had a 8 year old son who was sad that he couldn't go in the pool. My recommendation would be this a great hotel if you have older kids.Enjoy your stay there... we did!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NoGuru
<Content>Not as nice as before Have stayed here many times and previously wrote a laudatory review in 2004. This recent stay, however, was lacking. First off, the price was high - $300 for a Deluxe room. More than I have ever paid for a hotel room outside of NYC. When we arrived, we noticed that our room was right next to the OLD elevators. Having stayed next to the elevators before, we weren't worried. However, the bed was against the shared elevator shaft wall and that was new...and noisy. Also, the headboard was such that every time we shifted in bed, it slammed against the wall.Add the loud people in the adjoing room--from whom we were separated only by a thin door--and unlike previous stays, it definitely did not seem like we were the only people in the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>ChicagoTravelista
<Content>Great Service at the Huntington!!       loved the bathroom  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ProvidenceTraveler
<Content>Loved the Huntington (again!) We’ve come back to the Huntington after our initial stay three months ago, and it was indeed like a homecoming…Everyone knows your name! This is truly a four diamond hotel in the old world style with gracious rooms, the ultimate in location, and the integrity of a well-seasoned staff.This hotel excells where most hotels falter: in the restaurant department. You can tell; many of the clients are the local inhabitants…they know a good place to eat. The restaurant fare is very flexible, from one of the best hamburgers you could ever want to order, to my favorite: the lamb stew. And if this all weren’t enough, there is a wonderful pianist most nights who has been there for--I believe--over 10 years, and has a loyal following. Of course, there is a more formal part of the dining room, and it too is a treat. We highly recommend this hotel for any traveler wanting something a little special (and it’s more than just a little special).  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>seabreezer
<Content>Tops on Top of Nob Hill The Huntington is by far the nicest hotel atop Nob Hill in terms of ambiance, clientele, service and amenities. From check-in to check-out every employee was gracious and friendly and everything was perfect. Our room was a large 2 bedroom suite with living room, dining room, kitchenette and 2 bathrooms. It was spotless and beautifully decorated. I loved that I could open the windows to let in the fresh ocean breeze. The Big Four was great for breakfast and an after dinner drink with live music. It's also considered a excellent place to eat dinner although we had dinner out every night. The spa was exceptional with a lovely indoor pool/hot tub and balcony where a spa breakfast or lunch can be served. the concierge services were very professional and the doormen and bellmen kept things running very smoothly. I would certainly return on my next trip to SF.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>tahoetravellers
<Content>great spot to bring in the new year We (me, hubby and 8 year old daughter) decided to leave the snow of Lake Tahoe for a weekend of culture in San Francisco, seeing a play and the Nutcracker ballet. We booked the Huntington as we are members of the Small Luxury Hotels of the World, and we knew anything closer to Uniion Square would be way too noisy. The location at the top of Nob Hill is great -- our room (1010) was HUGE and had views over the city -- could even see a portion of the big tree in Union Square. They put a roll away bed in for our daughter and the room was still very spacious. It was fairly recently renovated, with plush linens (bed and bath), a large double sink area outside the toilet/tub room, a couch, coffe table 2 club chairs and a desk, as well as a miibar w/ small sink. The TV in the armoir was dated (not a flat screen), but got good reception. Walking up and down Nob Hill is great exercise, but if the hills are too much for you, the California St. cable car line is literally right out the door and the Powell St line (the one that goes from Union Square down to Fisherman's Wharf) is only a few blocks away. We parked in a nerby garage for $30/day and didn't move the car until we left 3 days later -- you can valet the car for the same price.We did not use the conceirge to make any reservations -- since we were there over New Years I had previously booked via OpenTable.com -- but he was very helpful in looking up movie times (and trying to get us into a hot resaurant near the Metreon on about 10 minutes notice, unsucessfully, but we did appreciate the attempt). He also directed us to nearby breakfast spots.I love staying in older, more architecturally unique hotels and the Huntington fits the bill. I love the fact that the windows open, yet when closed the city noises are almost completly obliterated. Having a window opened on New Year's eve allowed me (hubby and 8 year old fell asleep about 11!) to hear the festivities, and the location allowed a filtered view of the fireworks over the Bay, but when I was ready to go to sleep, all I had to do was pull the window shut and no more party sounds! We heard NO noises from outside our room, although I can't guarantee that the people in 910 didn't hear our daughter jumping around.The ony reasons I didn't give the Huntington a full five stars were minor: no coffee or tea in the lobby in the morning, although they do have hot apple cider in the afternoon; the doormen and bellmen were not as attentive as one would expect in a 5* hotelI'd definitely stay at theHuntignton again -- but next time I'm booking a spa treatment for the aching legs after walking all over San Francisco!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>lwohara
<Content>very average stay We have stayed at the Huntington several times and each time we have noticed a decline in the quality of the room and service. I first attempted to book a two bedroom suite for our party of five (three older children) and was told they did not offer them. I was told I would be better off getting two adjoining rooms and they would be of equal quality. After several days I called back to confirm that the two rooms had park views and were the highest level of room available; ie, no two bedroom suite. After a rather exhaustive conversation with the reservation assistant ,I was told there was a two bedroom suite but that it was not really worth the money. I assured him I needed the space and it was up to me to decide if it was worth it. Upon check-in I waited 5 minutes while the front desk person assured a guest on the phone that the room he/she was staying in was renovated and there were no other rooms available. Red flag number one. Our one bedroom suite, room 804 was nicely renovated and faced the park. The adjoining room was renovated sometime in the 70s and lacked any ounce of charm. I can't imagine renting that room-- room 803. But overall, the size of our rooms were nice and they faced the park. The noise level is high and we were woken by someone showering overhead at 4 am. There is no sound barrier between floors or between rooms so if you are not a heavy sleeper, beware! My second complaint is with the concierge desk. Before arriving, I emailed my dinner requests to the concierge noting the restaurants and preferred times. They did not call back and I had to call them to confirm they had even received my email; and yes, they had booked one of them for a wrong night. Once in San Francisco I arrive at Kokarri for my first dinner (with my handwritten note from the concierge listing the date and time) and was told they had no reservation. After attempting to call the concierge and receiving a voice mail three times, the restaurant graciously seated us during a very busy night. The next day we asked for breakfast suggestions within walking distance of the Alcatraz pier. The concierge directed us to place that was at the wrong pier and not within walking distance; her response later was oops, wrong pier! My final complaint is with the shipping/receiving deparment. I had a package sent and paid overnight charges to have it arrive during our 4 night stay. The front desk repeatedly told me there was no package. Once I returned home I found that it had been delivered- on the first hight of our stay-- but he could not find me in the system. While on the phone with him, he miracously found me in the system and asked what I wanted to do with the package that had been sitting there for 4 days.The bright note to our stay was James, the bellman at the front. His kind smile and attentive service were the highlights of our stay. We chose the hotel for its nice location and were willing to give up some amenities and nicer rooms for the level of service we had received in the past. Unfortunately the level of service now matches the decor of Room 803!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	3	2	2	

<Author>skiswimsun
<Content>every year it's fantastic i should have written this review long ago, as my husband and i have been coming back to the Huntington for four years. This place is fantastic. everything you think old San Francisco should be. the bellman are great, always there but never obtrusive. they welcome us back by name. sure, it's because they're great recordkeepers, but it still feels good! the concierges have always been good. we've never had the same twice, but they employ the best, so it doesn't matter. we typically come in from Ohio, spend two or three nights here and then head up to Sonoma. we always have a car delivered on the morning we're leaving and it's never once been screwed up. if you travel a lot, you know that's unusual. makes me think they have a great reputation in town. we never eat there, but that's not a commentary on the restaurant - we just like to get out and check out other things. this past July, the restaurant was closed, as was the bar, for renovations. it was a bit of a disappointment, as we like to grab coffee, or a drink when we get home at night. the great thing was that they called us two days before we arrived to warn us about the closings - in case that would be too inconvenient for us. the rooms are great. the suites are very large, the regular rooms very roomy for an old hotel. location at the top of nob hill cannot be beaten. linens, beds, towels - all great. also, most rooms seem to have a window in the shower which we just love. there are probably a lot of hotels that are much cooler than this one, but we love it here. very worth the expense.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>napagirl
<Content>Our room was gorgeous - great service too After reading some of these reviews- it's like we were staying at a different hotel. The service here was top notch from beginning to end and we felt pampered and luxurious. From what I can tell by reading previous reviews it must be that some of the rooms have not been renovated yet. Perhaps when booking you have to be very careful to ask for a renovated one. If enough people do that will it put pressure on mgmt to cough up the $$ to finally renovate all of them? I feel badly for the people who got bad rooms when they were expecting luxury. I also feel a bit badly that the Huntington is being labeled a ripoff and horrid when our experience was the polar opposite of that. Anyway...Our room was on the 11th floor, had a huge flat screen TV on the wall, brand new carpet, bath fixtures, beautiful mirrors everywhere. It was a nice large room (although it was the cheapest available) and there was enough room for a conversation area which were two comfy overstuffed chairs and table. I sat in one of the chairs a long time and watched the fog roll in over the city. The view was excellent, over the city and toward Twin Peaks.You will really be missing out if you stay here and do not book a treatment in the spa. We had massages and pedicures. The sun deck overlooking the city, the infinity pool, the jacuzzi- all great. Again the service was great and they anticipated our needs from the beginning. I will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ErwinFromBelgium
<Content>Over-all: 7/10 Stayed 3 nights during a California/Las Vegas trip.The hotel is a beautiful building; the location is excellent: quite, classy neighbourhood but thanks to the cable car it takes only minutes to get wherever you want to be in town.The staff was over-all very friendly; only the receptionist didn't acknowledge/validate my Leaders Club card (Leading Small Hotels of the World Card).The other main good point: the spa is excellent; also the swimming pool with the sun terrace is great. The bad points: my room needs an update ASAP; given the budget paid, it was unacceptable: very small room with stained floors, non-working tv (and they didn't manage to repair nor replace during my stay), totally outdated and very loud AC, bathroom for lilliputters.Also their Big 4 restaurant: it might be famous for their kitchen, but it is so dark that it makes you depressive. It's a personal thing of course, but I wanted to get out of the restaurant ASAP.My advice: if you can book a nice deal for a suite (some of them are said to be renovated/updated), go for it. If not,I would stay somewhere else and enjoy the spa. (BTW, their fitness facilities are close to non-existent)  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>miamimickey140
<Content>Fantastic  (April 27th 2-nights)This was stop number 2 on our California/Las Vegas trip and we loved it.We were worried after reading the reviews on here.....but we have learned in the past years that not ALL of the reviews here are right. My partner who is in the travel industry and I were both VERY impressed with this hotel. LOCATION: Its in a great area of San Fran and has the trolley stop right on its door steps. YOu can take the trolley for a 15min ride down to China town or switch trains to Union Square (shopping area). I will say that the trolly makes it easier then trying to walk up and down the hills in San Fran. We did it the first day and that was enough for us to get a one day pass.ROOMS: The suite we had on the 10th floor had wonderful views of the city. Since the building is on a hill...we looked down on the whole city. Room was bigger then my living room with a nice comfy bed and pillows. The sitting area was a sofa,coffee table and 2 chairs. Again very rich looking. Small kitchen area (sink and mini bar). TV was great and lots of closet space. Bathroom had a shower/tub which was huge. The glass door made the shower seem even bigger. I loved the seperate toilet/shower area to the double sinks. Turn down service was amazing...with night cream for the face and a breakfast menu left for you to fill out. Complimentry Shoe shine if you left them outside your door.POOL. Cute small pool. nice sitting area around pool to relax and read the paper. We never used the pool since thats not what we went to San Fran for. But at least we knew it was available.PARKING- none. But you can valet for 30.00 a night (which we did). SERVICE- Amazing. Wake up calls were on time. Check in and out was also great and fast.We were super impressed with the care everyone has for you. Doormen knew us as we walked in and out and always helped with anything we needed.So there has to be something wrong, right???Yes we found the carpet in the room COULD be changed and the hallways might get a little bit of an upgrade.....but it expected from such an old place.OVERALL this is a great classy place and we would stay here again. The location and service is worth the extra money you will spend and your stay will be full of luxury.  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>billymax
<Content>Horrid Similar to the disgruntled member from Florida - 23rd October ...we arrived at The Huntington in September 05 for 5 nights. It was to be the highlight of our 2 week (3 city) trip to the US. Suffice it to say we booked through Small Luxury Hotels of the World and after visiting the hotel website expected a wonderful experience and unashamed 5 star luxury. There wasn't a lot of comment on Tripadvisor which with the benefit of hindsight probably should have told us to book elsewhere.One after another the rooms we were shown were quite horrid, musty poorly furnished and very dated. The bathrooms were unbelievably bad. We were told the room we expected and thought we'd booked wasn't available and they couldn't offer us anything better.Tired, a little anxious (as we had nowhere to stay) and very disappointed we decided to check out without actually staying there at all. When we returned to England we complained both to the hotel and to SLH.We received a sort of apology from the Huntington offering us a refurbed room for a future stay at a reduced price, but very much doubt if we will ever return.We would not describe it as a 5 star hotel. Interestingly Expedia only show it as a 3star hotel. We would not award (from what we saw) 3 stars and sometrimes wonder how hotels earn and retain their star ratings.We immediately booked into The Four Seasons Hotel which was fantastic and for which I can only utter unreserved superlatives. Faultless and as a result our visit to San Francisco is now a terrific memory.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>AMCanadian
<Content>A very disappointing hotel My husband and I just returned from our wonderful week in San FranciscoThe only disappointment we had was our hotel. We stayed at the Huntington Hotel. We reserved a luxury room with a view. I called the hotel the night before to confirm our reservation. When we arrived we were given one of the worst luxury rooms I have ever stayed in. The carpets, drapes and furniture, what little there was, were worn and dirty, the lighting was poor, the bathroom was miniscule and there was a musty smell in the room (which was #1203) I complained the next morning, we were changed to #1003 which was in the same condition! That morning we spoke to the manager and showed him our reservation, he promised to change our room to a renovated one but when we returned to the hotel in the afternoon, nothing had changed.Needless to say I was very upset because we had chosen The Huntington over The Campton Place and The Palace (which were the same price) because we had read that the rooms were big and beautiful!After a serious discussion with the front desk we were finally given a room that was clean and up to date(#1210) The whole situation has left us with a terrible impression of the Huntington and we will never stay or recommend that hotel to anyone.My advice to anyone who has plans to stay there... make sure you get in writing that the room you reserved is renovated or stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>desertguy
<Content>Good Service but... Like my title states, this hotel had good service, but the room was really disapointing. The room had a musty smell upon check in. We asked to be moved and we were upgraded to a one bedroom corner suite. While the suite had a lot of room, it still had a stale musty smell. The room was also really dated - old furniture, carpet, drapes and a bathroom which was really below par. The TVs were the small ones that I was use to seeing in the 80s. All of the staff were really helpful and polite, this is just not a property that deserves to be a Small Luxury Hotel, yet. This hotel is in a great safe location (Nob Hill). I would not stay here again until the rooms are updated.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>3	3	1	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty Cool Old World Establishment I chose to splurge a bit and got a room here. I have to say that overall, this is a very good choice. They upgraded our room to a one with a view of square in Nob Hill and the Bay. The rooms are rock solid -- apparently built as apartments back in the day. You can use the spa as part of the deal and that is really great, lovely. I asked for robes for our rooms three times though, so they could use a bit of of improvement on the service, but mostly the service and place are of quiet luxury in the heart of the city -- close enough to North Beach and Chinatown and everything else, except perhaps the Mission/Haight areas. I imagine if one were a wealthy, generous, discreet San Franciscan having a long term affair, this would be a good place for it. I've stayed at the Fairmount (classic, but doing some nasty anti-union stuff it appears, based on the protestors outside), and will wrap up by SF indulgences with the Drisco (just liked the look of it from outside).  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>weekend getaway - loved the spa My wife and I spent a night at the Huntington, just to relax and spend time together. It was pricey, but overall worth the money. We had a corner suite on the top floor with great views of the City. The furniture was somewhat past its prime, but still charming, comfortable, and quite sturdy. We liked our sitting area so much, we had breakfast, afteroon tea, and dinner there! When we weren't enjoying our room, we were in the spa/pool area, relaxing on the lounge chairs, and taking dips in the pool and hot tub. Having fruit, iced tea and water at poolside was a nice touch. There's a small outdoor balcony area next to the spa where we sunbathed. Some advice - ask for robes and slippers to be delivered to your room so you don't have to change in the locker room, get to the spa early to claim your lounge chair (it's so nice, people tend to fall asleep), and make reservations for spa treatments before you arrive. We're looking forward to our return visit!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Spot We reserved a room at the Huntington because we had read that it was a former apartment building and the rooms are oversized -- it certainly lived up to expectation. The location is fabulous atop Nob Hill and we were thrilled not to be staying at the Fairmont or Mark Hopkins when we saw all the picketers -- noisy and disconcerting.The Nob Hill Spa was a bonus. We enjoyed massages, facials and sitting around the pool sipping flavored drinks. The fitness room is a little cramped, but the view is great. The Big Four Bar  Restaurant was a nice spot for an afternoon libation or a lingering evening meal -- great way to meet other travelers.We will now visit the Huntington whenever we are in San Francisco -- which is hopefully soon!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ESNODs
<Content>Lovely, spacious rooms We loved our three night stay here. The hotel is on Nob Hill, just one block from both the Fairmont and the Mark Hopkins. Those two hotels were in the sixth week of a major San Francisco hotel strike lock-out, with active, noisy picket lines from 6:00 a.m. to midnight. The Huntington is a family-operated hotel that was not at all affected by the strike. Our room was very large and included a king size bed and a separate sitting area with couch, two upholstered chairs, lamps, t.v. armoire and writing desk. The furnishings were not new, but classic and elegant and very comfortable. The hotel was quiet and clean and the service staff exceptionally friendly and helpful. The wonderful spa is free to hotel guests. Next time I visit San Francisco, I will stay here -- hope it is soon.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the best I have probably stayed at 20 different San Francisco hotels in 30 years of travels there. The Huntington is my favorite, a place built in the early 20th century as apartments and converted later to a hotel. The building has a solidness that can make it seem like you're the only guest in the place.Most of the rooms are large, and many have breathtaking views of San Francisco and the bay. But they're not uniform. Contrary to the statement in the one critical review here, some do have marble baths. On the other hand, you can end up in an old, small room that might seem a little disappointing for rates that begin at $195.Overall, the hotel has a subtle, substantial character  
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An exceptional oasis of old world charm The Huntington Hotel is an exceptional establishment. The Nob Hill Spa is truly a welcomed oasis from the hustle and bustle of the city. The staff is very helpful and efficient and the rooms are impecably designed. Try one of the luxurious suites. One of my favorite hotels in the country!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Elarbee
<Content>great location and good service After a bad night at the Laurel Inn we decided to check in to a large hotel. The Huntington staff were great. Bell services showed us three rooms to choose from and we checked in.Room was spacious and bathroom was quite large, but not very stylish. Bed was comfortable and the windows kept the quiet out.Location is great, right on the cable car line.Full service staff, including Doorman, Bellman, Conceirge, Curtosy Driver and Reception. All were very nice, especially the concerige and curtosy driver ( those two women know their town )The bar downstairs is very nice, dark wood and hushed conversations with a baby grand for atmosphere. The pianist was there nightly.The only thing that let it down for me was the room service. They had no vegetarian options and weren't accomodating ( but wholefoods is just down the street )  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Huntington I recently stayed at the Huntington Hotel on a trip with some girlfriends of mine. We were happily surprised with the quaint decor and elegant atmosphere at the Hungtington for such a historic location. The staff was friendly and accomodating, and the accomodations were just as pleasant.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brooksz
<Content>What a disappointment! Like my title states, this hotel was a huge disappointment. My husband and I were wrapping up a blissfil two-week drive up the coast and were scheduled to stay two nights -- we checked out after one. This hotel has certainly seen better days. After waiting several hours to check-in, we were taken to a room with a beautiful view but little else. The decor was dated, the bathroom was dirty, the amenities consisted of a bottle of shampoo and a small bar of soap worthy of a Best Western. Not even a box of tissue. Both of us were so dissapointed that we spent a final night of vacation at an airport Marriott rather than stay at the Huntington a second night. And yes, I did fill out the comment card which is something I rarely do. They offered me a room with a marble bath on my return stay. All I can say is that marble bath will be in a different hotel!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Old style luxury hotel   showReview(20554447, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

