<Author>Oldgit2
<Content>Very Disappointed Having read previous reviews we were expecting something a lot better than what we got. The reception has the charm of a police station.We accept that German hotels do not provide tea making facilities( WHY ?) but the drinks vending machine was out of order for 4 days, just when a hot drink was needed in sub-zero weather.No hair drier was provided in our room even though the website says they are in every room.The carpets in our room were badly stained by the bedside (?) and the paintwork had seen better days.The duvets which prutruded from the barely adequate covers had also seen better days and did not bear closer examination.Upon leaving the lift on the fifth floor (our friends who were on the same booking were on the first floor !) we were met by vacuum cleaners, empty bottles and dirty linen which was there for 2 days. Overall housekeeping was poor.THE STAFF DID NOT PRESENT A VERY PROFESSIONAL IMAGE WHICH DID NOT ENCOURAGE CONTACT AS WE DID NOT FEEL THEY WOULD HAVE BEEN ABLE TO RECTIFY ANY PROBLEMS.On the positive side is location and breakfast which was very generous.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>HappyWanderer737
<Content>A n Enjoyable Christmas Break 5 Days of Christmas We have just returned from a Christmas Break in Berlin. Our Hotel, Argon Opera, so called because all the rooms are named after an Opera, as more than we had expected. Located in Olivaer Platz, Kurfustendam, it had excellent transport connections that easily took you to every part of the city. Bus 109, and others , stopped outside the Hotel door, taking you to Zoo Station, linking up with the S  U bahns. For travel to and from Tegel Airport, take the 10 minute service of bus 109 to Olivaer Platz ,which is announced on the bus, (2.3 euros - a taxi costs about 25 euros The hotel was clean, the staff friendly and very helpful. The breakfast was plentiful and good, many different cereals, meats, breads, cheeses, scrambled and boiled eggs, fruit juices, fruit and cake - 'fill your boots'. The breakfast room is on the 6th floor overlooking Ku'damm. We stayed in room 107, a large room overlooking the street, but very good double-glazing cut out all the traffic noise. We were also fortunate that the room also had a well equipped disabled shower room and toilet in addition to the en-suite facilities ------ no waiting to use the bathroom. For getting around on the easy to use public transport, a 2 or 3 day Welcome Card is a must. It allows you to use buses, U  S bahns, trams as many times as you want, but don;t forget to validaye it before first use. We 'knocked hell ' out of our tickets, travelling to extremes of the City, and also to the outer towns of Potsdam (Schloss Sansoussi) and Oranienberg (Sachsenhausen Concentration Camp. Buses 200 and 201 run from Zoo Banhof to Alexander Platz, passing many sites, hop off and on as you please. I would not hesitate to use Argon Opera again on our next visit to Berlin - hopefully in the summer.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Taffman
<Content>Great Value at the Agon Opera The hotel is situated directly opposite the airport bus stop, a real bonus. Kurfurstendamm is a main shopping street and has many shops and restaurants in the vicinity. There is a subway station about 150 metres away and the S bahn station Savigny is about 500 m away. These allow for easy travel to all of Berlin`s sights. The hotel has a nice breakfast room on the top floor, which can get crowded, but the breakfast is excellent. Rooms are clean, quiet and comfortable and the staff are generally friendly and helpful. This hotel is great value, I would definately stay there again  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>vkoracx
<Content>Beware of thieves! We stayed in this hotel for a week during november..Room was decent if you ignore some black spots and stains on the bed frame and walls..Breakfast was tasteful but always the same.The location is good(west Berlin and close to major public transport connections)However we had a very unpleasant experience with the hotel staff..My friend noticed his cigarette packs were gradually disappearing from the box and he notified the reception desk..It was obvious some of the cleaning stuff had stolen them and we were promised to get a money refund at the reception on check out..That was very shrewd since when we came to check out(and had very little time left) the girl who worked there told uswe asked our room lady and she said she didnt steal themCome on! That was really low..There are many three star hotels in Berlin and I will certainly avoid this one the next time I come and that is what I suggest to all of you:)  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	1	3	

<Author>irishveggie
<Content>Stay away from the Opera ! We stayed at the Hotel Agon Opera in Oct 2008. The best thing I can say about this hotel is that the location is good and near a bus stop. It is next door to a Subway deli and the smell was awful every mornng- not that nice fresh bread aroma but a sickly one ! While the room was clean and the reception staff were helpful , I though the general decor was jaded and there was no bar in the hotel. I was disappointed with the quality of the breakfast - not a great variety of bread and cereals etc and the breakfast staff were very unhelpful and grumpy. I enjoyed my stay in Berlin and will visit again but I certaintly wont book this Hotel again!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Christine_U
<Content>perfectly fine       View of the Agon Opera hallway (2nd floor)  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>TravellersG&P
<Content>Great Value This hotel was easily reached from the airport by bus, which stopped right outside.The rooms were clean and comfortable. The breakfasts were excellent.It is not central to the main sites, but this did not matter much because of the excellent public transport.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Clartylou
<Content>Great stay       View from breakfast room  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>MaxOslo
<Content>OK hotel The hotel Agon Opera is centrally located on the Kudamm-strasse, though quite far to the west. Still, there are buses leaving for the centre every 2 minutes at the hotel's doorstep, so this was never a problem. The room we had were spacious and clean and of very good comfort, although it was decorated in a quite cold and uncosy way. The beds were good, nice, tiled bathroom, and everything was clean and looked new. Breakfast on the top-floor was ok, very nice views on the Kudamm, and a selection of bread, cereals, meat, cheese etc. The hotel building is not very nice, and we were disappointed at first when we came to the entrance and the reception area, still our room was nice, and we only needed a place to sleep and have breakfast. For the price we payed ( Approx 60鈧?night), I think we had a very nice stay, and I would recommend hotel Agon Opera, although I'll stay closer to Mitte myself next time.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>OLT
<Content>Excellent Service For Reasnable Price excellent hotel and very good value. clean/ wonderful breakfast, outstanding location and very friendly and helpful staff.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Ionaelf
<Content>Great stay at the Hotel Agon Opera       The rooms are not numbered but named after an opera or musical  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>halopes
<Content>Bad experience!!! This is not a bad hotel, but I had here one of my worst experiences ever. I stayed at the Agon Opera for 5 nights during February. Upon arrival, I noticed the huge windows of the room were all dirty with heavy dust, paint and gaffer tape 鈥?from INSIDE! For 5 days, I've talked to 3 different concierges - they all apologized and said they were going to take care of it. Nobody did a thing! Manager was never on the hotel because he lives far from the city and is always very busy. On my last night there, I threatened to call the police and the concierge eventually had me the manager on the phone. He couldn't care less about the situation!!!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	3	

<Author>Helen007
<Content>perfect!       View from hotel window  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>vfr199
<Content>Good Location, Great value       view from room  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>colas34
<Content>not bad for the money TThe hotel is situated on the ku.damn the main shopping street in berlin, not exactly in the centre, but when you can take a bus into the main tourist area [about 6 minutes away] thats not really an issue. The bus stop is immediatly outside the hotel on a small island , and the nearest metro or u bahn, is about 250 metres away [ turn left outside the front door]. buses are punctual and frequent, and run til at least 12pm on most routes, if not later. I would recommend buying a tagescart , or daycard, which gives unlimited trave on buses ubahn and the faster sbahn for one day.The hotel has a small reception area,which is staffed 24hrs a day by mostly helpful staff who speak excellent english. Apart from a small utility room downstairs used for stoage of checked out luggage,and a somewhat expensive internet option, there are no other communal facilities.The rooms are accessable by two smallish lifts or a curly staicase to the right of the lifts. The room I stayed in was of a reasonably high standard,if a little basic, with a double bed, walk in warbrobe with safe, and smallish en-suite with a good shower/bath. Towels are provided. Overall the rooms could probably benefit from a spruce up. The double glazing is effective at blocking out most traffic noise from the nearby busy road junction. About my only gripe concerns the top floor breakfast bar, which although possesing excellent views of the street below ,can be a bit of a bun fight firstt thing in the morning, with only 24 tables. Latecomers to breakfast are made less than welcome by the slightly abrupt serving staff, and may be out of luck with certain items of a mostly reasonable choice and quality continental breakfast.Overall I felt the hotel was a good base from which to visit the city, provided you dont mind eating out every night.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RATSOMATIC
<Content>Smart area, average hotel Stayed for 3 nights. Located on one of the smartest streets in Berlin - Ku'damm. surrounded by top designer shops. Near the underground and buses stop outside. The hotel is ok if you are just looking for somewhere to sleep. Just a lobby, no proper lounge area. The decor in the rooms was a bit scruffy but the bathrooms were very new and clean. Our rooms were at the front and it was quite noisy at night - mainly traffic. Our room had two bathrooms - one for disabled use which seemed very well equipped. The breakfast room on the top floor was bright and the breakfast choice was good. Not really within walking distance of the main sights but frequent buses and metro made it easy to get around.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Allison2
<Content>Good hotel for a nights stay Three of us stayed at this hotel for one night on our way to Poland. The triple room was large and our bathroom was large as well. Room was clean. It looked run down but it just needs a coat of paint to spruce it up, so we looked past that. The breakfast was good, more choices than I would ever eat at home.We weren't in Berlin for shopping, so for our needs the hotel was probably a 25-30 minute walk to the sites. We took a bus back to the hotel at night. We very much enjoyed the Free Berlin Tour. Our tour guide was Emma and if you get her consider yourself lucky. She shared many stories and facts on the city and history of Berlin. The walking tour was long, about 4 hours but there was a break part way through. They get paid on tips so the tour guides do a good job to ensure you are happy to pay at the end.We ate at Midtown Grill on Ebertstrasse, and thought the restaurant had great ambiance, food choices and service.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>Ruth78
<Content>Great Hotel for a good price I stayed at the Agon Opera for 2 nights and chose the hotel from the reviews on this site. I wasn't disappointed. The hotel is extremely easy to get to from Tegel Airport. All you do is catch the 109 from outside the terminal and it is 12 stops and takes 20 minutes. The bus annouces each stop so it is easy to know when Olivier Platz is coming up.The reception staff are really nice and speak excellent english, which I needed as Heathrow had lost my bag. They chased the airport for me and were extremely helpful. The free internet in the reception was also useful for checking opening times etc of places you want to visit. The location of the hotel is good, although you are a long way from East Berlin, but as I preferred the atmosphere of West Berlin I was happy with the location. The 109 bus runs up the Ku'damm all the way to the main zoo station interchange where you can get buses to all over the city. There are lots of cafes and restaurants around.The room was spotless and had a great view of the Ku'damm. The bathroom was nice with a really deep bath and powerful shower. The breakfast was something else. There was a choice of absolutely everything including yoghurt, cereal, meat, cheese, bread, fruit and even salad. You could probably make up a good packed lunch from the breakfast things (as I certainly don't like eating cucumber for breakfast!)I would definitely stay at the Agon Opera again and have recommended it to my friends and family.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sibi
<Content>Nice hotel My family of three just returned from 6 great days in Berlin. We stayed at Hotel Agon Opera. Pros: very clean and economic hotel, good breakfast, friendly staff and ideally disserved by public transport. Cons: expensive internet access in the rooms and no hairdryer nor tea  coffee facilities.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	2	

<Author>袣芯褌械薪芯泻
<Content>Luxury with character! I loved this hotel!       The Bathroom  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>Loui30
<Content>why #38? The best part of the Agon was the staff on the desk ... they were very helpful and friendly... the rooms were small and w/o amenities... the bathroom very small .. there was not much on the breakfast buffet that was tasty ...I think the price reflected the quality and if you are spending a lot on a vacation , i would spend a little more and get a nicer hotel ... we did have an easy walk to some good restaurants ( ate at Dresslers and it was good) ... spent the day in Potsdam and it was interesting and fun...  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>D.Bissi
<Content>Convenient hotel I've been at Agon Opera hotel on occasion of a Fair.Hotel is conveniently located at Ku'damm, very close both to U-Bahn and to Bus stop (just in front of the hotel).Connections to any part of Berlin are very easy and frequent; the Fair is only 20 min far.Rooms are quite basic, but very clean and wide; window, right on Ku'damm, gives a very nice view on the avenue.Bathroom was not so wide and there wasn't an hair dryer.Breakfast room, located at the 6th floor, have a nice terrace looking on Ku'damm as well; breakfast was good enough and had good assortment, even if the juices were not cold.The personnel at the front desk was very kind and helpful, providing for needed infos, transport tickets, maps.Overall impression has been good and I'll definitely stay again at Agon Opera, once back in Berlin.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Rochdalian
<Content>Elegant Argon I have stayed twice at the Argon Opera, and was so impressed I shall be returning later this month for a three-night stay. What I liked was its superb location; so close to the U-bahn and the bus stops. Even a walk down the K'Dam, to the Kaiser Wilhelm Church, can be done comfortably in less than half an hour. For homeward-bound travellers, the bus to Tegel stops right across the road from the hotel. Even a taxi ride is not too expensive, say 15 to 20 Euros at most. There is a nice beer garden (in good weather anyway) on Lietzenburger Strasse about 10 minutes walk away, and a visit to the nearby indoor shopping centre, I think it's called KuDam Allee, is always interesting. It contains the Story of Berlin Museum, loads of great shops, including one that sells model trains, cars, buses and trucks, and a variety of bars, everyone welcoming and where reasonably priced beer is on sale. Sports fans will like one in particular, as it has screens all around the place showing the latest football matches. Travelling a bit further, a short U-bahn ride from Adenaur Platz (three minutes walk from the Argon) will take you to Charlottenburg S-bahn station from where regular trains wil take you to the Zoo Station and on into old east Berlin. The other way you can travel out to Potsdam, which is always an interesting day out, or to the Olympic Stadium where last year's World Cup Final was played.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>grizzsmrs
<Content>Great Hotel, great location, will definitely stay again ! We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and thoroughly enjoyed our stay.The hotel room was clean and spacious and exceded our expectations. Breakfast was normal continental style and the views were fantastic (we ate between 8-9am every morning and had no problems finding a table or a coffee pot). The hotel itself is a little way up from the main city but is so easily accessible as the bus stop is right outside the Hotel and only takes 5 minutes to get into the buzz of the town. You could never see all of Berlin in only one visit and we will definitely be going again..and staying at this Hotel.One stop down on the bus and then a couple of minutes walk will bringyou to 'El Dorada' who serve fantastic steaks in a great atmosphere, they even provide blankets to cover your knees on a chilly evening!!A trip to the Zoo is a must, we could not believe that such a wonderful attraction was hiding behind a wall in the bus station!!Definitely recommend the hotel and Berlin.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>stn61
<Content>really good stay A group of 12 of us stayed at the Agon Opera for three nights in late March 07. The staff were pleasant and helpful; they even purchased flowers and chocolates at my request and arranged for them to be in our room on arrival (it was my wife's 50th birthday). The rooms were clean and a reasonable size. There were no tea/coffee making facilities which was disappointing, especially as we thought we had seen them advertised on the hotel web-site, but otherwise everything was fine. Breakfast was also fine - continental style but plenty of choice. The reception doubles up as a bar, so we were able to have a nightcap before heading off to bed. There is also free access to the internet - just one terminal in the reception area though. Location wise the hotel is a little bit away from the main attractions but there are plently of taxis around - taxi stand just outside the hotel - and if you have a car-load it actually works out really cheap. There's a good Irish bar a short walk from the hotel (actually closer than the one the previous reviewer found), and also a number of reasonably priced restuarants. We actually eat in the revolving restaurant in the TV Tower the night of wife's birthday, which was a really nice experience - if there's group of you they do set menus - five course meal starting at 38 euros which is pretty good value, given the quality of the food, and the really excellent location. Like other reviewers we didn't get to see all that we wanted (which probably means a return visit sometime soon) but we did get to see the Riechstag - had to queue for 90 mins though which was a bit of a nuisance - suggest you get there early to avoid the crowds; it opens at 0800hrs. To sum up, the Agon Opera is a reasonably priced mid-range hotel, not much to look at but rooms are a good size, staff are helpful and breakast is reasonably substantial. Recommended.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>ExplorerH
<Content>Great hotel, okay location          Outside the TV tower  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SenseIntoDollars
<Content>Most fantastic New Years Eve view What a stay! The breakfast is great. The Subway downstairs baking bread made me hungry all day and night. I was on the sixth floor in a very odd room. 18 feet by 5 foot, plus bath. Balcony was bigger than the room. But the room was quiet, clean, and had a great view of the Ku'Damm and News Years Eve fireworks. Fantastic stay.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>arne68
<Content>Very good and top location Very clean hotel and spacious rooms. Location excellent, right on the K'damm and great base for public transport. Beautiful breakfast room, overlooking K'damm and Olivaer Platz. Direct transport to Tegel airport by bus 109, taking only 21 minutes. Recommendable.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ClairyM
<Content>Nice hotel shame about location Really nice clean hotel only downside is the location, it's at the bottom of K'damm and the wrong side of town for all the main sights and the nightlife! Although the public transport is on your doorstep, excellect and safe we just found it a pain having to cross town every day and night, especially if you want to enjoy the excellent Berlin nightlife, as all that happens in the Mitte area (party animals do not stay here!). There is a really nice New York style bar/restaurant called Juleps about 200 yds from hotel, recommend there for a nice meal. Sights not to be missed are Jewish Museam, Checkpoint Charlie Museam and the Eastside gallery where you can walk 1.3km of the Wall that still stands (get off at the last stop of the U1 going east). Also the TV tower has good views and Tiergarten is lovely for a nice stroll. Shopping is also great but be warned nothing opens on a Sunday!! Berlin is a really cool city, loads to see and do and another plus is we felt really safe here, even travelling on the u-bahn at 3am!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	2	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>fishstorm
<Content>Fantastic value I booked the Hotel Agon Opera after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor and of course the price helped, this hotel is a fabulous bargain.I would liken it more to a BB however, it has no bar or restaurant, what it does though, it is very good at. A comfotable bed, a clean room with a safe, a hot shower with great pressure and the best locality in town, if these things are all that you need then book it. Be aware tea and coffee facilities are not provided.Getting to the Agon from Schonefeld is a dream, we bought our Welcome card from the newsagents in the arrivals hall, it cover all transport for 72 hours and comes complete with a discount book, we did use the coupons and probably saved almost as much as the cards original price, the price is 22 Euros. Once you have your card leave the terminal and look left, follow the covered walkway to the train station, about 3 minutes on foot, train RB14 from platform 7 or RB 7 from platform 5 both go to Zoolisgher Garten Station ( you will find yourself at Zoo station a lot during your break ) validate your ticket on the platform in the little red box, the 72 hours is valid from the time stamped, don't forget as checks are made. Once at Zoo station find your way out, there are several exits but head for the one with the bus stops outside, go to position 2 and wait for bus 110, the direction will be stated as Oskar-Helene-Heim, it is either the 3rd or 4th stop for Olivaer Platz, get off the bus, look across the Ku'Damm and the Agon Opera is opposite.We arrived 3 hours prior to the stated check-in time, our room was ready though and we were unpacked within an hour of the plane touching down.The Ku'Damm is a beautiful avenue to stroll down, it is home to the most expensive of designer shops, label lovers will really enjoy it, very close to the hotel are Cartier, Gucci, Louis Vuitton and a host of others. Exploration of the side streets close to the Agon Opera will reveal some excellent and reasonably priced restaurants, especially recommended is the Malaysian, come out of the hotel, cross the road and walk left ( uphill ) take the next right and then it sort of forks to the right, not far along, on the left is the restaurant, no English menu in the window but there is inside.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>proffitt76
<Content>Well Located Hotel Stayed here in early November for a surprise birthday present. We caught a taxi from Schoenefeld airport for about 35 euro. Does not look much from the outside and reception is clean but soulless (there is free internet access here though) We had a room on the 6th (top floor), the ones on the opposite side of the corridor also have balconies that share the same view as the 6th floor breakfast room (very nice view actually) Room was well kept, warm, air con, TV and shower. No mini bar or tea tray. Rooms are opera themed with a glass plaque by the door and a bizarre A1 sized curved glass picture with a scene from an opera overlooking the bed! Breakfast was good in the usual continental style. If you take it to the wire at 10am then they run out of coffee and plates etc.Situated on the Ku鈥橠amm amongst the very posh shops. Zoo Square is about 15 min walk away.One tip if you want to see the city and are tight for time. Go on the Insider Tour (google it and there are leaflets in reception) they have loads of different themed walks (WW2, Cold War etc) but we did the No1 Famous Insider Walk, 4 hours on foot 12 euro. You see the Palaces, Brandenburg Gate, Wall, Jewish Memorial, Remains of Hitler鈥檚 Bunker etc. Can鈥檛 recommend it highly enough.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Vaux
<Content>Reasonable value for money It's clean, staff speak English, big rooms, fresh new furnishing and an opera theme to make it a bit different. Looks a bit grotty from the outside but ok inside and certainly the view from the breakfast room on the 6th floor is excellent. Internet access (linux box) in reception, but couldn't pick up the wifi signal that was promised in the room. Breakfast room was rather crowded towards 10am and coffee pots were a premium commodity at times. Plenty of nice places to eat in the evening only a short walk away. The hotel is right next to the expensive bit of the Kudamm (Chanel, Louis Vuiton, YSL, Bvlgari etc etc). Regular and germanically efficient bus services to Berlin Centre and Tegel airport (catch 109 from the airport and get out at OlivaerPlatz right in front of the hotel - really easy).If you are looking for somewhere to put your head and feed you breakfast, but no more, whilst you visit Berlin this is good value for money. We will use it again.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>ellieblackcat
<Content>Great value, Good location. Agon Opera Hotel, BerlinDate 26th October 2006Reviewer -Trip Adviser Member from Ashington, Northumberland, U.KJust returned from this hotel after a 4 night break, and cannot fault the hotel in any way.I travelled to Berlin for the first time with my husband and 8 year old son, and wish our stay had been longer.From our check-in to departure, the staff were all friendly and welcoming.All the rooms are named after operas which is unusual and interesting.The beds are comfortable, and the pillows are like huge marshmallows which you can mould to any shape you like.I particularly enjoyed the large bathtub which was soothing after a day out and about sight seeing in this historic city.The U.Bahn (underground station) called Adenauerplatz is only 3 minutes walk from the hotel, but if even that is too far away for you, there is a bus stop right outside the hotel door.Breakfast was good and included cold meats, cheeses, pate` cereals, yoghurts, fruit, juices, scrambled eggs, boiled eggs and a multitude of different types of bread and crackers.This was very good value for money.Breakfast is served on the 6th floor allowing a nice view while you eat.We had already read on Trip Adviser that there was no tea or coffee facilities in the rooms so we went prepared with a travel kettle but never used it once!We were out and about all day, not returning until 11.00pm so the kettle was a waste of space in our luggage.There are plenty of bars, cafe's and restaurants within a short walk from the hotel.Some of the shops near the hotel were out of our league, e.g. Gucci, Chanel, Louis Vuitton, but it was fun window shopping.All in all a great hotel for a good price.I would definately return here.A final nice touch is that you can leave your luggage safely in a locked room after you have checked out if you have a late flight home like we did.We were able to enjoy our last day of sight seeing without having to carry all our bags.We flew into Schoenefeld Airport, took a number 171 bus to Rudow U Bahn, got onto a train on U line 7 headed for Rathaus Spandau, alighted at Adenauerplatz station then took the M29 bus in the direction of Wittenburg Platz alighting at Olivaer Platz which is the bus stop right outside the hotel door.If we knew Adenauerplatz U Bahn was only 3 minutes walk from the hotel, we would not have bothered getting on the bus.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Alapache
<Content>Eating Out I together with a group of friends stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in September. The hotel is well located for most tourist purposes, the staff are friendly, helpful and speak English. Rooms are clean and spacious. The breakfast is more than adequate with a good choice of cereals, fruits, breads, cold meats and cheeses. A hot dish is also provided. The breakfast room is on the top floor (6th) providing panoramic views of the immediate surroundings.Beware if eating out at the nearby Keno restaurant in Olivaer Platz. Ensure that you see the wine list rather than relying on the waiter to suggest wines, which may turn out to be a lot more expensive than you may imagine.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>NeilSmyth
<Content>Great location Excellent location for tourists. Recommend Tegel Airport, buy a Welcome Card at the airport. this gives you travel on all public transport (Eur22.00 for 72 hrs) Bus 109 from Tegel to Olivaer Platz (Digital Display) is right outside hotel. Hotel is clean, staff are extremely friendly and helpful. If booking twin room (two beds) you may need to pull an apparent double bed apart but this is no issue (Specify two beds on booking if reqd).Hotel is ideally placed, just away from main centre, but close to all public transport links.Berlin public transport is incredible. (For London bus users/readers, the countdown works!).Tube, bus  trains are all integrated. Spent 3 days on the EUR22 card and this was fantastic.Watch out for the locals' reactions if a train becomes overdue. It seems this is anything but usual! The S-Bahn (Overground) is a bit confusing as the timetable doesn't list all the intermediate stations but be brave as, if you go wrong, it won't take long for a train back.Reichstag and Checkpoint Charlie are obvious tourist targets, but the Olympic Stadium is incredible for sports fans. (Discount with Welcome Card). Hire out the audio guide, close your eyes and imagine Jesse Owens. Apart from the roof and new seats for the World Cup 2006, the design is exactly the same as 1936, when Hitlers dreams were dashed.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ninaf
<Content>Great value!               More photos  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>This-Space-To-Rent
<Content>Excellent Value For Money Got a great deal for room and breakfast at this hotel through lastminute.com. Turned out to be an excellent deal. Very efficient check-in and service. Room was clean and spacious. Breakfast is served up on the top floor giving your great views over the city to accompany your coffee and cold meats. Hotel is in a good spot on the Kudam. Bus stop outside the hotel which will connect you with Zoo station and the rest of the city. Would definitely recommend as a reasonably priced option in Berlin.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>kunderana
<Content>Very reasonable We chose this hotel according to the reviews on this site, which was just seemed satisfying to everyone. You bet. If you need to stay in a place near center to all and safe area, great transport from the airport, this just is it! Room is big, not special but bathroom wonderful and most of all, the breakfast room is just what you need for the travellers, we usually ate around 8 or 9 and sometimes they did not have enough coffe pots, but don't worry service was nothing to complain about. Take time to eat great brown bread and eggs while looking out the view which is nice for breakfast. No frig in the room but all the night staff will help you by keeping it in there frig at the counter, great italian near by,malaysian as well, supermarket on way to the hotel as well , to get water and stuff. As a traveller choosing from this site in several cities, Hotel Agon Opera had been the most satisfying.In means of you get a descent hotel with descent price in a best spot in town.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>mancunians
<Content>Great Hotel - Great Location This is a great hotel in a great location. The staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms are very clean and a decent size. The breakfast offers a huge variety and no matter what time you decide to eat, there is always a good selection.The only negative thing I can say is that the water is a bit on the hard side so take plenty of toiletries with you.I have stayed in Berlin before but this hotel was by far the best. I would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>denshires
<Content>warning about this hotel! We were booked to stay at this hotel for 3 nights and were looking forward to it, having read the positive reviews on this website. When we arrived we were told that the hotel has a policy of overbooking rooms and that they were overbooked and we were to be moved around the corner to the Olivaer Apart Hotel. It is a 3 star hotel and just as good she said. Although we did not get to see the Agon Opera, we know that it had been refurbished and had air conditioning. The Olivaer is a hotel much in need of refurbishment. The bed and shower room were clean, but the sofas in the room were very grubby, the sink was cracked, the shower door was hanging off. Also the carpets in the corridors were stained. Not my idea of a pleasant hotel. The breakfast was OK but it was a real bun fight with tables very close together and someone knocking the back of your chair every so often. There is no air conditioning and we were overlooking the main road so it was very noisy. Be aware that this might happen to you!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shearerno9
<Content>Fantastic Hotel - But! Have just spent 4 days at the his hotel with my teenage daughter and parents. The hotel is spotlessly clean, you receive a more than adequate continental breakfast and the hotel is perfectly situated for the public transport system. Berlin is a fascinating city and there is plenty to do and see. I would recommend visiting the Olympic Stadium as we all found this to be very impressive. The hotel staff were very friendly, helpful and pleasant. HOWEVER, the only downside which left a bad taste in our mouths was on the last day someone stole my father's clothes from the wardrobe. Two pairs of trousers and two shirts. When we reported this to reception, unfortunately the receptionist at the time Martina went from speaking fluent English and being very helpful to becoming very unhelpful, couldn't understand English and just did not want to co-operate with us at all. We received no help from the hotel staff - it could only have been housekeeping who took my Father's clothes - as when my parents returned from breakfast, housekeeping had been in the room to clean it and the clothes were missing. However, having said all this I would recommend staying in the Agon Opera but just be aware of what happened to us and take care with all of your belonings.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sean
<Content>Ideal Stayed from August 07-11after arriving on Ryanair. Train from Schonefeld( platform 5 ). Remember to validate your ticket in the red box before getting on train. Then a taxi from Zoo station to Hotel (7 euros 50 due to traffic), whereas the taxi back was 5 euros 20.As we arrived early were able to leave baggage in side room until check in at 2.00p.m. Went walking down Ku'damm.Reception staff very professional and friendly. No problem with English. Even checked our return flight due to the security alert at Heathrow.Our first room on 1st floor was changed to a smoking room on floor 3. Big corner room with large beds and pillows. Ensuite was big. Hair dryer obtained from reception for a refundable 5 euros.Each reviewer mentioned breakfast on 6th floor.Hotel convenient to bus and train.So busy we had no time to get acquainted with the neighbour. There is a Spar shop at the next junction afte the Hotel.Free use of internet from computer in foyer.A lot of walking around Berlin so it is better to purchase public transport tickets and show to the bus driver each time. We had a 72 hour pass. Went to Grunberger Street in the East, as we had friends staying at Junkers Hotel, and had a nice meal at a local restaurant.The 4 of us had fish meal with 4 glasses of wine in Ka De We's 6th floor, costing 83 euros 10.Used Insiders Tours to visit Sachsenhausen Concentration Camp. Definitely a must. The guide Derek is excellent and more than informative.Hotel is highly recommended and is exceptional money for the price.Will definitely revisit berlin and the Hotel.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Citytraveller2
<Content>Come prepared        Safe in wardrobe  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>holidaybargainhunter
<Content>A real find in a graet location My teenage daughter and iI have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Agon Opera and were pleasantjy surprised with the standard of accommodation, great location and friendly staff. The breakfast was good and plentiful and it is worth asking for a room on the fifth floor for the view alone!! The aircon was a must for the 36+ heatwave and being so close to both trains and buses was brilliant.There are numerous places to eat in the area but I would highly recommend the brilliant Malaysian restaurant in the Wilmersdorfstrasse 79 where the daily menus are delicious and the staff wonderful.We will definitely stay at the Agon again. Incredible value for money.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best value in Berlin I stayed here with my boyfriend during the week of the World Cup quarter finals. All of the prior reviews were accurate: our room was clean, comfortable, very bright, modern  spacious (by European standards) with great views. The air conditioning was a major plus given that the weather was pretty hot most days.The reception is really nice and accommodating. Another great and rare amenity was a phone with voicemail, although I couldn't check it when I received a message I was expecting. The receptionist was kind enough to come to the room and verify that the phone wasn't the correct model! Fortunately, the caller called again while I was at reception, so I wasn't too bothered by the mishap. Also, be aware that despite it being a 'business hotel' you'd have to borrow the iron and ironing board from reception, but that's apparently common in European hotels.There are plenty of restaurants all within a few minutes walk around the hotel, less so on Ku'Damm, but especially walking along the street (Mommenstrasse?) to Savignyplatz. Berlin's transport system is one of the best in the world, and the hotel is perfectly situated on Olivaerplatz on the Ku'damm. A U-Bahn station (Adenauerplatz) is just down the block. The 109 bus from Tegel Airport drops you off almost directly in front of the hotel and it took 35 minutes from the airport bus to reception to hotel room. Buses right outside the hotel take you to Zoo station and, from there, bus 100 and 200 are excellent for a quick initial tour around Berlin.We have stayed in plenty of European BBs, hotels, gites, etc but all in all, Agon Opera is one of the best places we've stayed in terms of value for money.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Brighton Kevin
<Content>Good Hotel Stayed for four nights and found the Hotel to be clean and the service was good. The breakfast was plentiful and of a reasonable standard with good views of the city.The Hotel is at the end of the main shopping street with frequent bus services so getting around was easy.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice hotel we have just returned last night from visiting berlin, travelling by easyjet.My husband chose this hotel after i had read your reviews and said it sounded ok.I was well impressed with the hotel when we arrived. the bedroom looked as the photographs showed and it was very clean.we went out for a meal as the hotel does not have a restaurant and found a steakhouse.Next morning we had our breakfast on the sixth floor. This was very nice as you had a good choice of food to choose from. we went outside on the balcony and looked at the great view while others were eating breakfast and took photos.We would go back to this hotel when we next go to Berlin for a short break  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent value for centrally located hotel I stayed at the Agon Opera with my husband and son in a triple room on the fifth floor at the front of the hotel. We were especially pleased to have such panoramic views from the large bedroom windows. We found the room comfortable and clean and had no difficulty sleeping. Breakfast was plentiful and of good quality. We found good restaurants down Bleibtreustrasse, a short walk from the hotel towards Savigny Platz. The 12 Apostel is a very popular Italian restaurant and Lubitsch serves sophisticated German dishes for very reasonable prices (27 euros for 3 course set dinner). The Jewish Museum and Television Tower (Fernsehturm) are unmissable and we also enjoyed taking the fast elevator to the 24th floor of 1 Potsdamer Platz for the spectacular views.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Agon Opera-great place to stay in Berlin       Night time wiev  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rsk14
<Content>Excellent Hotel and very clean This is a really excellent hotel. Being a bit fussy about cleanliness, I was pleased to read the reviews and was totally amazed at how clean it was - particularly the bathroom. It was spotless. Staff very friendly and very helpful.With bus stops outside and a bus pass getting anywhere and everywhere was very easy.If you have the time take a day out on the train and visit Dresden. Well worth the 2 hour train ride.WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE HOTEL  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent value Super value hotel right on Kurfuerstendamm. Clean, quiet, helpful reception staff. Excellent range of food at breakfast on the top floor looking out over the city. Handy for transport - bus stops and taxis just outside (35 Euros by taxi to/from Schoenfeld Airport). A range of good restaurants within a couple of minutes walk, especially Keno's. 24 hour reception so late arrivals should be no problem.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the hotel!! my cousin and i stayed here for 3 nights in feb 06. had a great time. was nice to have free internet in the lobby. the room was large and comfy. nice carpeting, drapes and bedding. not much english tv, so i got used to the same news on BBC. not a problem though as we didnt spend a lot of time in the room. staff was friendly and helpful. the breakfast was excellent! especially since it was included in the great price we paid. eggs, bread, meat, yougurt, granola, etc. i was totally satisfied with my stay here.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel - Agon Opera in Berlin We have just returned from a trip to Berlin where we stayed in the Agon Opera Hotel.We had a wonderful time and the hotel was excellent.The Agon Opera is very well situated and great value for money. Everything was clean and well organised.The bus stops right outside and takes you to the Zoo station where you can get the s-bahn or u-bahn or buses to anywhere. The breakfast is served on the 6th floor with fantastic views of Ku'dam, and you can eat as much as you want of a well varied breakfast choice.A great hotel in a great city!!!!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bleak House OK. Not sure if we were staying in the same place as some of these other reviews but we were sorely disapointed by this hotel. We tried three rooms before we gave in and settled for a room on the fifth floor. On the plus side it was a large corner room but it was so sparsly furnished that it looked very bleak. A large area had one small chair and a broke-down, tiny table that would have shamed all but the most ill-kempt of patios. Quite what we were supposed to have done in this area was anyones guess. The desk was badly damaged and the walls in all the rooms were in dire need of a lick of paint as they were really heavily marked (a charming if somewhat unsightly reference perhaps to the graffiti which mars the city). Not all of the rooms have fridges, and don't rely on any toiletries (two sachets of some kind of Do-it_All detergent). There are limited tv options for the English speaker (CNN  BBC World)but a hairdryer can be obtained from the grim and spartan lobby which much like the Ku'damm itself has an air of neglection about it. The pleasant girl at reception suggested that we fill in a feedback form, hinting that she and her colleagues were aware of the problems but that management were not. The breakfast is your standard continental affair and the staff do thier best to keep things in order when it gets a bit busy (around 9.15-10.00).All in all, could do better. The shame is that it wouldn't take much, just a lick of paint and some suitable furniture. Instead management seem content to let things deteriorate......pity.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MarioUsa
<Content>The Location. The Breakfast. The Rates Excellent location, right buy the bus statiion to te S-Bahn or U-Bahn. Neat room. Clean. Great breakfast on the top floor with a nice typical view of Ku'dam. All for a relatively reasonable price. Recommended.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>HMoo
<Content>Good Location Stayed in the Agon Opera for 3 nights in March. Very easy to get to. We took the train to the Zoologial Garden station (cost E2.10)and a bus along the K'damn to the Olivier platz. The bus announces each stop so this was easy. The hotel was across the road. Room smelt a bit smoky even through I had requested nonsmoking. Otherwise very clean with white bedding. Room adequate size not overly big with good heat and air con if required. Although rooms face busy road well sound proofed. Breakfast nice with fruit, cereal, yougart, eggs, cheeses, hams and different breads. Lovely breakfast room on top floor with windows all along each side. City card covering all travel and discounts in City available at reception.(E19.10 for 72hours).  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>27jay
<Content>Great Hotel We've just spent 4 days in Berlin and found this hotel excellent value for money.Having paid very little we were pleasantly suprised to find the hotel situated in one of the best locations in the city.The hotel was nestled amongst a host of designer shops on the tree lined road that is Ku'damm. We stayed in room 201 on the end and it was a larger than average room,very clean and comfortable + big red sofa,nice bathroom with big deep bath.Continental breakfast very good wide choice cereals,eggs,bread etc.Great views watching the world go by while eating.Bars and restaurants nearby, two we would recommend are Cayenne turn left out of the hotel and its about 200m and also the Eldorado which is to the right a little further along the Ku'damm and served fantastic steaks.Getting about the city is very easy we bought a city tour pass which you can use on all the public transport and it also gives you discounts into museums,galleries etc.We found prices in bars and restaurants to be very reasonable and we were given pleasant polite and efficient service everywhere we visited.We would definately recommend this hotel and would stay there again if we returned to Berlin  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TaniaMacDonald
<Content>Fantastic time The hotel was excellent. From the outside it looks plain but the rooms are modern and very clean. I stayed in room 411. Large white pillows and duvet, great views, powerful shower, German telly, no hair dryer in room (but reception gave me one to use). The breakfast room is located on the sixth floor and served between 7  10am. In the breakfast room there are huge windows and a glass roof so you can get views of Kurfurstendamm. You can eat as much breakfast as you like, the choice is great. Scrambled eggs with bacon, boiled eggs, different types of bread rolls and bread, soft and hard cheese, different yogurts, different cereals, hams, jams, chocolate spread, coffee, different teas, orange juice, apple juice, fruit, cakes etc... We travelled from Schonefeld airport and got the S9 (brownie red line) to Zoologischer Garten station. This is situated bout 20 minutes from the hotel (this is the main station which links you to most of the other lines) but the nearest station is Adenauer Platz (U7 鈥?blue line). The hotel is situated along the road and has a varied selection of designer shops along side it. The hotel is located next to a 鈥楽ubway鈥?takeaway. Checking in time is 2pm and you need to check out by 11am. This was fine as we were only in Berlin for two days.The transport system is brilliant and cheap. We got a welcome card from the airport paper/sweet shop. This card cost 16 euros and lasts for 48 hours; you can buy a 72 hour card for 22 euros. You can use the card on the U  S bahn, Trams, Buses (zones ABC). This card also gives you discount on admission to places.You have to pay for the toilets so make sure you have loose change with you.We visited lots of the sights. The best one for me was the Berlin underground association U Bahn - Gusundbrunnen. (---- or if this doesn鈥檛 work go on to the website for Berlin tourist information / click onto city tours / then click onto Berlin from a different view).This was a tour which takes you to the underground Berlin. There is an English speaking guide on Saturday and Monday 11am  1pm. Get there about 30 minutes before. The tour lasts for 90minutes and is full of information about bunkers during the war. We went on tour 3 as they have changed around the tours. The tour cost 7euros with the welcome card, 9 euros without. The speaker we had was from London and has lived in Germany for the past 13 years. This was great!You also must go to the Reichstag building (federal government building) S1 or S2 Bahn - Unter den Linden. The building was designed by Sir Norman Foster. The glass dome was amazing and again the views were very good 鈥?Free to get in.Place of Remembrance 鈥?memorial to the murdered Jews of Europe (Potsdamer Platz) was also very good. You must go to the information centre which is situated underground next to the site 鈥?open 10am 鈥?8pm, but the site is open 24hours.The best web site I found helpful was Berlin Tourist information.I hope this has helped a little if you have any questions just email me.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ideally situated 6.2.05Just returned from a five day leisure break in Berlin, staying at Agon Opera. We booked this hotel on Easy Jet site and have nothing but good to say. Clean, tidy, staff well-mannered and friendly. We paid very little for the double room and are very surprised at how good the facilities were, especially the superb dining hall situated on the top floor with glass front overlooking the roads below and rooftops. Breakfast was included and although continental was again superb. We would fully recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to sightsee, shop or just mooch about. Would certainly visit again.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic! My husband and I have just returned from a 6 night stay at the Hotel Agon Opera and would like to confirm that all the excellent right ups on this hotel are correct! On arrival at Tegal Airport we caught the 109 bus as a previous trip advisor had mentioned, this bus stops at Olivier Platz opposite the Hotel Agon Opera - making the transfer totally painless. Our room (301) was a corner room and we were pleased to find a full sized red suede settee to relax on as well as a lovely clean furninshed bedroom and bathroom. Maid service was second to none with fresh towels every day if required and the shower gel etc replenished. The hotel staff were all friendly and helpfull and the breakfast served until 10am which is the usual cold meats and cheese etc benefited from hot scrambled egg and sausages (9.45am best time to go to avoid the rush - still plenty to choose from). The bus 109 goes up to the Zoo which is the main bus depot. you can buy a single ticket from the driver or a day, two days or three day ticket from either reception or the machines at the bus stop. They are easy to use and have an english button to help you!You can book a tourist bus but we used the bus number 100 or 200 which are tourist buses and go to virtually all the main places of interest. The bus ticket can be used on S and U Bahns. We used all types of transport which were amazingly punctual and easy to use.The restuarants on the square next to the hotel are lovely, but the Cuban Bar is a little overpriced!I could go on about this hotel and how pleased we were with it and the location for ages, but, I think you should go and see for yourselves! Enjoy!!!!!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A-van-the-man
<Content>Nice stay at the Hotel Agon Opera I stayed here when I was in Berlin for work. I wasn鈥檛 in the hotel long, but the rooms were good, with plenty of room. More importantly they were clean. The bathroom was good as well, with a nice bath in it. Every day the room was cleaned and I got fresh towels and sheets.It seems like a simple hotel during the week, where senior tourists and people on business trips stay. It is nothing special, but the price quality ratio is good.The location is fine too; with good access to the public transport system (subway) and it is only a 15 minutes drive to the airport (Tegel).  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rude young manager. Terrible Service from this man The hotel itself is not bad but there are serious problems with the lifts. I misses my bus because i got stuck in them and had to stay stuck in them for 30 minutes. Then when i complained to a young man (possibly a manager) at reception he lauaghed and said i had only been waiting for 10 minutes. this man then refused to pay for my taxi or compensate me for my misses bus to Poland. The service of this man was the worst i have ever seen in my life and it was plain rude to actually tell me i was only in the lift for 10 minutes. The lift was broke with me in it for half an hour! I had reported this from as soon as it broke and when i complained that i missed my transfer he laughed. I have never seen such bad service in all my years of travel. I will be writing to the manager and complaining and also be asking for compensation for my missed connection. Absolutely Awfull service from a young male worker  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>1STTIMEBERLIN
<Content>Great Hotel - excellent value - good location All that has been said before good.Good HotelGood LocationBedrooms good conditionGreat Breakfast roomand great EATING PLACES ALL ABOUT THE HOTEL Good Cuban turn right out of the hotel and right again and just walk to the next street junction.Good eating just across from the hotel to the right pass the Japanase - (3rd) one does mexican and pizzas etc - good prices and good food - also you can make out most of the menu  
<Date>Nov 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>saldavies77
<Content>Excellent Value and Great Location       View from the 4th Floor  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Dr_Nitro
<Content>Fantastic little hotel       another view from second floor bedroom  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Paulo_Almeida
<Content>good value for money         
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>maceys
<Content>Would stay here again without any hesitation I stayed here with my husband on a five day break to Berlin. The rooms are lovely and clean and everything s very modern. The breakfast room on the top floor was a nice feature as we had a nice view over the plaza. This is very central to all ammenities with a regular bus service just opposite the hotel that connects you to all the main train/underground lines, or you can take a gentle stroll (about 10 mins) along the K'Damm if you want to see the designer shops along it.Breakast is continental style buffet: fruit, yogurt, cheeses  meats etc along with various different types of bread and rolls. The food was very fresh and you could make as many trips as you wnated to refill your plate!The staff were friendly although apart from checking in and out we didn't have any real contact with them. Our room faced out onto the main plaza and during the day with the windows open there was obviously noise from the traffic but the room did have air conditioning so there is no need to keep the windows open during the warmer months.I would like to go back sometime to visit the Christmas Markets and plan on staying at this hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mrs piggy
<Content>great hotel Just returned from this hotel after spending 4 nights. took our friends, who had never been to berlin before. the hotel was perfectly situated on the KuDamm. Spotless rooms and a very good size. breakfast room on 6th floor with fab views of the main shopping street, with plenty of choice for even the most picky eater. very friendly staff in a small foyer/reception with a small bar in the corner for those late night nightcaps. would definately reccommend this hotel and will be going back ourselves next year.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>keen88_uk
<Content>Excellent hotel        Display showing how long until the buses arrive. Bus to "S+U Zoo...." probably what you want.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely location The location of this hotel is wonderful. Right next to Gucci, Louis Vitton, Chanel etc on a lovely leafy avenue. The bus stops right outside to take you to ZOO station or you could walk, takes about 10 minutes. The area is surrounded by lovely bars, cafe's, and restuarants, you didnt have to venture far to find somewhere to eat.The rooms are spotless clean, air conditioned with a prestine bathroom and really we had no complaints at all. The only issue was that on arrival only 1 room had been reserved for me rather then 2 which I had booked and paid for via lastminute. This was rectified following a call to lastminute- so overall no real problems.Would definatley stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mind your property The hotel is pretty basic and there are better areas to stay in berlin. Do not leave any personal belongings in the room. I had my mobile phone stolen from my room during my stay.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>breakfast room with a view Location is fine 5 on corner with K'dam enough restaurants  bars in the area. Rooms all have names based on operas hence the hotels name.Staff fine breakfast good especially as it is served in a glass covered rooftop room with views over K'dam. Transport in Berlin is fantastic buy a travel card for your stay for unlimited travel on buses train  underground. With typical german efficiency buses ,trains all arrived on time, longest wait for underground train was 10 mins even after 1 had just pulled out. If you like beer their is a great brewhouse in spandau ( it was the old laundry etc. for the barracks based there. The Xmas markets a good  the streets are lively with people enjoying themselves. People in Berlin were some of the most frieindliest I have encountered in Europe.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Smashing Time Nice hotel with excellant loction, easy for the bus, trams  U Bahn.we recommend a restaurant  bar just a round the corner, exit from the hotel turn right, right again and about 50 yards is the Cuban bar  restaurant, Good staggering distance back to your hotel.As I say excellant loction. and resonable we stayed on the 3rd floor facing to road which was a bit noisy with the windo open.But a great city, and will probebly stay there when we go back in May 06  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Katzen
<Content>Hot! A nice if ordinary hotel. Had small 1st floor room facing car park. Nothing special. Very clean. Bathroom good. Breakfast good with great views. Regular buses and taxis, but a good walk to underground stations in both directions. Comfy beds and pillows. Hot, as no air con, and roasted gently all night. Ok, but in my opinion was like a Travel Lodge in UK. Not as good or stylish as Arcotel Velvet Berlin on Orienburger Strasse, Mitte, and in a totally different league to Alexander Plaza on Rosenstrasse, Hackescher Markt. They were not that much more money and felt much more like classy establishments. (But then deals vary, and the Agon Opera was in a very posh area.)  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>nirajk
<Content>Centrally location in such a huge city Very nice modern hotel in Berlin, close to the ZOO Garden station for easy access to all public transportation within berlin. Located very close to a Bus or underground station, making getting to and from the airports (Tegel or Scheonfield) easy.The coolest thing about the stay was the view at breakfast, very clean breakfast bar, since it is all indoor on the top floor of the hotel with full wall glass windows facing the street.Internet access at the hotel was an added bonus.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sinzigrhein
<Content>good hotel, good value I had a nice room on the 6th floor with large glass windows and a balcony. The view was fantastic! I had been to Berlin several times before and always thought it too dusty and not so nice, but when you see the view from this hotel - you have the feeling that Berlin must have been one of the most magnificent cities of the world in the old days. The room was very, very clean, comfortable bed, bathroom large and totally modern. There is a safe, also. The reception area and how the building looks outside is a little pale, but that has really nothing to do with the good quality this hotel offers. Public translation is nearby, taxies are waiting for you (Zoo station is less than 10 minutes away), location is great. I walked to the Deutsche oper, which takes about 20 mintes, but you can also take a bus. It's refreshing to have such a good hotel with great value in a city like Berlin.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>herbgarden
<Content>Great value, great view Stayed here for the Christmas markets last year. Room on the top floor with a beautuful balcony overlooking the ku'damExcellent value, clean with very friendly staff. Well recommended for the price  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Axwell
<Content>Good value We stayed here in May, 2005 and were very happy with it. Good sized room, well equipped (though no hairdryer - available from reception). Small lobby/bar with coffee/alcohol for sale. Excellent breakfast. Staff friendly and helpful. Virtually on Ku'damm but about a mile along from zoo station (though there are two U/S Bahm stations nearer including Savigny Platz which is wheelchair accessible). The hotel is wheelchair accessible. A very good value eating place within a 100m is the Melrose - recommended  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location But Bring The Trainers Just returned from a great four night stay at the Agon Opera. The rooms are very spacious. Were originally put in a back room but requested a front facing room which we got the next day, the exact same lay out but much nicer view. Shower and bath brilliant but only 2 sachets of shower gel for use. If you want a decent breakfast then rise early as eggs cold, no juice left and no coffee or tea at 9.30am, that being my only disappointment with this hotel. Oh and tables not being cleared from earlier diner's. Location very good. Bus right outside to bring you to Zoo Station. Or else a good thirty minute walk if you get destracted by all the window shopping. Gucci, Lacoste, Cartier etc.Bring your trainers, the Ku'Dam is a very long street. By the way, no one seems to wear high heels in Berlin, even heading out for the night.Quiet nightlife around the area, but plenty of restaurants to suit all budgets.All in all a very good three star hotel that on reflection deserves four stars, if only hairdryers were provided. Would return again.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>AuntySpan
<Content>Great base, friendly staff, large rooms I have just returned from a two night stay at the Agon Opera in Berlin. I stayed along with 5 other girlfriends, we had booked two triple rooms. When we checked in one room was significantly larger than the other so we swapped the second room which was done quickly without any problem.We had corner rooms, both with a pair of twin beds, plus a sofa bed. The bathroom was large enough for three girls to get ready at the same time - so it was big!! It's a noisy bit of the city so if you can handle sleeping without the window open it will significantly help. The beds were comfortable, the rooms were basic but clean. Towels and sheets were changed daily. Breakfast was great, on the 6th floor of the hotel with fab views across the city.All in all a great base, as it's close to a cab rank and very close to a bus stop that takes you straight into the city for 鈧?. My only tip - take a card for the hotel because I kept forgetting the name of the road the hotel is on!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DeanoFromLeeds
<Content>I can understand why everyone raves about it! Had a great 4-night break at the Agon Opera. It's just as good all the other reviewers say, so I will just add a few tips:1. Expedia got it wrong yet again - no alarm clocks or ironing boards in rooms. Ironing board available in room off Reception. But there are mini-safes in every room, not in Reception. 2. The double glazing keeps out most of the (constant) traffic noise. I took my trusty earplugs and slept soundly - a small price to pay for being in a good location in a big city.3. Bus 109 from Berlin Tegel Airport (every 10 mins) stops opposite the hotel. Ask for Olivaer Platz.4. From the hotel, buses 109/110 go to Zoo bus station every 5-10 mins. until almost midnight. Journey time approx 5 mins.5. Adenauerplatz, the nearest U-Bahn (Metro) station, is on a line that goes nowhere of any interest. Get the bus to Zoo and change there. (Tickets valid on all transport except InterCity trains.)6. Be prepared to put weight on. You will be tempted by all the goodies on offer at breakfast. The main cold meat/cheese items vary from day to day. (If you insist on bacon and eggs, go to Benidorm!)  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Agon Opera Hotel, a Great Base to See Berlin       Plain on the outside but very modern inside  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>prp
<Content>Excellent value, great location We booked this hotel having read reviews on tripadvisor and have to say that they were spot on. We spent 4 days here and would have been very happy to stay longer. A little soulless from the outside, the hotel was actually a real gem. Decent sized rooms, spotlessly clean and serviced every day; fantastic bathrooms with a full-sized bath and incorporated shower; very good breakfast (included in the price) with a stunning view over Berlin rooftops; helpful staff all fluent in English; excellent tariffs. What's more, you can actually open the windows for fresh air. We loved the individual names given to the rooms based on operas and the highly individual posters in the rooms thereof.Outside you are 1 minute away from bus stops and a taxi rank and opposite is a wonderful restaurant/cafe. Excellent coffee and cakes to be had!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RedSteve9981
<Content>Superb breakfast view Ok, I'm a little biased because Berlin in the snow in mid-February is inspiring, but this was a superbly located hotel, with great facilities and very helpful staff (whose English is far better than mein Deutsche). My girlfriend pointed out that were it slightly further up the Ku'damm, by only about 75 metres, it would be more expensive to reflect the slight-change in area, so it really is a bargain. I've never been in a hotel where for such little outlay you have a MASSIVE bath in a marble bathroom, set in a large, well laid-out clean and comfortable room.My top tips would be to have the (very ample buffet) breakfast there, whilst enjoying the view from the 6th floor -fruhstuck even runs until 10, so you can still have a bit of a lie-in; and to get a City/ Welcome card, as the hotel is very close to stations for all the forms of transport (except trams, being located in the West), thereby utilising its much raved about location. We would eagerly use it again.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DOTh
<Content>excellent We stayed here for 3 nights and it is difficult to fault the hotel. Modern, clean, convenient for u Bahn and bus stops and free internet in the lobby so you can read your emails. Ok there is some traffic noise but the double glazing keeps it out. Would definitely recommend it  
<Date>Feb 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Paul Tarmas
<Content>Very Central, Great Value As other reviewers have said, dont be put off by the outside or the lobby of the hotel as the rooms are very good, we were lucky enough to have a room that had a bath with shower,because I dont think all have, the room was a good and size very clean, most rooms have a pleasant view overlooking a busy square but due to very good double glazing there is very little noise. My only small complaint would be that there was no hairdryer as stated, one bedside light didnt work and the only toiletries were shower gel. The rooftop restaurant also with good outlook served a breakfast that couldnt be faulted. So all in all for a 3* hotel at a reasonable price,this is a very good central place to stay. The hotel was easy to get to from Schonfield Airport, caught the express train to the Zoo station 2 Euros,and because we arrived in the evening caught a taxi to the hotel 5 Euros, but you can easily catch a bus or on our return we walked to the station about 20 minutes. Public transport in Berlin is very good and cheap so it is easy to get to main points of interest from the hotel. As advised by another reviwer if your looking for a very good resteraunt within a 100 mts of the hotel,try the Bovril on the main shopping street next to the Burberry shop.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly Recommended I managed to get a double room at this hotel for 4 nights at about 拢27 per night. I was expecting it to be a little scetchy, so i prepared for the worst. However it was absolutly brilliant, excellent location, breakfast was fab and the staff were all very friendly. The rooms were well sized and the bathroom featured a full sized bath/shower combi - making it very nice to share! Highly recommend this hotel!   
<Date>Feb 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Just spent Friday to Sunday at this hotel, cannot fault it, rooms are excellent, breakfast was brilliant, reception staff cannot do enough to help, bus stop 50metres, tube 3 mins walk, taxi rank 60metres. If you are thinking of a cheap weekend away this is the place. Even taxi ride to Tegel is only 15 euro.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bobbins
<Content>Birthday in Berlin Just got back from a birthday break there,and would go back again.Excellent location,large clean  warm room,bright breakfast room,with a good choice for breakfast.Had taken a hairdryer,info from previous write ups, would mention that the bar in reception is just useful for meeting point/nightcap, not much atmosphere.Plenty of restaurants around,but one worth special note just in the next block,BOVRIL, Excellent food and service.I emailed the hotel prior,and they made reservations at a couple of places for us. Trans from airport simple,everything ran to time.Will go again in summer -6,but had a great birthday  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, good place to explore Berlin The hotel is very well situated just a couple of bus stops from the main west Berlin Zoologischer Garten station. As the hotel is in the west of the city, Tegel Airport is near at hand, but I travelled from Schonefeld taking the Airport Express train from the Airport to Zoo station, then took one of the frequent buses along Kurfurstendamm (eg 109 or 110), getting off at Olivaer Platz.The hotel doesn't look exciting from the outside, but everything seemed brand new and very smart inside. My room had a good view over the nearby designer shops, but avoided the traffic noise through good glazing and air conditioning. There is a good choice at breakfast from the continental buffet on the top floor glass-sided restaurant which is nicely designed to give good views over Kurfurstendamm.There aren't many facilities in the room (a safe, but no coffee/tea making facilities), but there is a coffee vending machine and free internet access in the reception. Also, it looks like they have wi-fi hotspot access from the brochures in the rooms.Highly recommended as a value-for-money base to explore Berlin.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>june5640
<Content>Excellent value for money My friend and I stayed here whilst Christmas shopping in early december, the room was warm and comfortable, spotlessly clean, towels changed daily, and double glazing stopped most traffic noise. The breakfast was good, (buffet style) and staff helpful and informative. The bus from Tegel airport costs 2 euros and stops outside hotel at 'oliviar platz' Hotel is central, near shops and tourist buses and restaurants within easy walking distance. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ideal Location We spent a week at this hotel Nov/Dec 2004 and found it to be in a great location for shops, buses all access to central Berlin. It was great value for money and very clean. The continental breakfast was ideal with a good variety. Staff were very helpful without being intrusive.Free internet access in the lobby was an unexpected bonus.The only downside was that there was no hairdryer or iron in the room but we always travel prepared so this wasnt a problem for us. We also thought a small fridge and teamaking facility in the room would have been a nice touch but with all the amenities available within walking distance this didnt prove a great problem. ( Have been in 4* hotel without this)We are a couple in our fifties. We would definitely go back and would recommend this hotel for a short break.There is a bus direct from the airport but we used taxis - about 12 euros and there is a rank right outside the hotel as well as buses to various locations.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well worth the money, great location   showReview(2876211, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value in a safe area   showReview(2843073, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location and excellent value   showReview(2829819, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dwoods1073
<Content>Good location. Not much else going for it...   showReview(2809725, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>00TravelNut00
<Content>A safe choice.   showReview(2800479, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good hotel in an excellent location   showReview(2498212, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>elaine-chris-2004
<Content>the best 3 star hotel I've stayed in   showReview(2497270, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CACTeam
<Content>Terrific Location ... and more!   showReview(2428018, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelhilly
<Content>Not the usual sort of budget hotel we stay in...   showReview(2208603, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location, VG 3 star hotel   showReview(1511952, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>barmir
<Content>Agon Opera f眉r unserer Bed眉rfnisse ideal   showReview(23151227, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	3	5	5	

<Author>Day25
<Content>Repetir铆a!       Fachada del hotel  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>銇倠銈?> 銇倠銈?</a> </div>
<Content>銉愩偣鍋滃墠銇究鍒┿仌銇屻亜銇勩仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(20662120, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder, guter Ausgangspunkt fuer die Stadterkundung   showReview(19631548, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nicht beeindruckt   showReview(19631545, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	1	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zufrieden   showReview(19631543, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>parfait   showReview(19631542, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(19631547, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wenn m枚glich kommen wir gerne wieder   showReview(19631546, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Preiswert und f眉r unseren Zweck Schlafen und Fr眉hst眉ck optimal   showReview(19631541, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zimmer ok Fr眉hst眉ckbuffet eine Zumutung   showReview(19631540, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>灞嬫牴瑁忛儴灞嬨伀娉ㄦ剰   showReview(19914629, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo rapporto qualit脿 prezzo   showReview(19631539, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Discreto   showReview(19631544, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Angenehmes Aufenthalt   showReview(19631538, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r eine Kurztrip ideal!   showReview(19631537, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r Kurzaufenthalte empfehlenswert   showReview(18527800, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon plan   showReview(18527799, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolle Lage und super Preisleistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(18527798, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gutes Preis Leistungsverh盲ltnis am Berliner Kuhdamm   showReview(18527789, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>St盲dtereise   showReview(18527793, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>w眉rde ich wieder buchen 眉ber expedia   showReview(18527791, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>preisleistungsverh盲ltnis absolut top   showReview(18527790, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Die Lage des Hotels ist f眉r Berlinreisende sehr g眉nstig ich w眉rde es wieder buchen   showReview(18527787, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Leider kein F枚hn   showReview(18527788, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ideal f眉r kurze St盲dtereisen   showReview(17441174, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Prima   showReview(17441175, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel mit Aussicht und zentraler Lage   showReview(16593268, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(16593266, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Optimal f眉r St盲dtereisende   showReview(16593267, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr sauber   showReview(15562187, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(15562186, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super hotel zum g眉nstigen preis   showReview(15562188, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Preis-/Leistungsverh盲ltnis, perfekte Lage   showReview(15562185, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit gerne wieder   showReview(14726943, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel Agon Opera - Bequem, ruhig, geniales Fr眉hst眉ck   showReview(14726942, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Akasha-TH
<Content>Muy buena relaci贸n calidad-Precio, buen trato       Fachada del Hotel  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Preis-Leistungs-Verh盲ltnis   showReview(14726941, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fr眉hzeitig buchen sicher ein gutes PLV.   showReview(13978270, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nicht empfehlenswert   showReview(13978259, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(13978258, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bei Kurzaufenthalt o.k.   showReview(13978257, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>perfekt f眉r einen shoppingtag   showReview(13978256, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Durchschnitt   showReview(13193960, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>discreto   showReview(13193959, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(13193958, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Preis-Leistungsverh盲ltnis top   showReview(13193956, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Preis/Leistung   showReview(13193954, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>comodo, caldo e conveniente   showReview(13193953, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder!   showReview(11314749, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Bebbo69
<Content>Buon hotel       Il bagno  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11314748, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr praktisches Hotel   showReview(11663754, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolle Aussicht zum Fr眉hst眉ck   showReview(11663755, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Maria_Ffm
<Content>Fr眉hst眉ck schlecht, Fotos versprechen zuviel, ansonsten ok.   showReview(8589698, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	3	2	3	2	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bonne situation dans Berlin et bonnes prestations   showReview(11454048, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Alles TOP Fr眉hst眉ck aber mittelm盲脽ig   showReview(11454044, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rospo
<Content>bel hotel   showReview(8260761, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>turista2007
<Content>ya lo he recomendado   showReview(7708281, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11428674, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(11428673, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Preis-Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(11428672, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Penelope01
<Content>Un hotel muy bien situado   showReview(7491815, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nicht beeindruckt   showReview(11410340, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder   showReview(11410339, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Preiswerte 脺bernachtung - sch枚ne Zimmer   showReview(11410338, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>1浜烘梾銇亰銇欍仚銈?#x201d;   showReview(19160365, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder.   showReview(11356903, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nicht beeindruckt   showReview(11356901, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel mit gutem Preis-/Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(11356897, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>3,5 von 5 Sternen   showReview(11356896, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bello ma forse mi aspettavo di meglio   showReview(11356895, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo buono nel complesso...   showReview(11422994, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima ubicazione con fermata...   showReview(11422995, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ordentliches...   showReview(13775890, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

