<Author>wingeddiamond
<Content>Wonderful staff at the front desk, but not optimally clean and noisy. I stayed for a conference trusting the fact that it is related to the Hilton line. The people at the front desk were wonderful, polite, helpful, really nice consistently. My trip back to the airport was a breeze since they arranged everything on time, with a good company. The furniture is nice and practical, but the hallways smelled terrible. The rooms were not cleaned optimally and inconsistently things like soap, coffee etc were replaced. The room has a small kitchen and all the appropriate appliances, which I think it is a plus, but the room itself is somewhat crowded.The room is on top of a busy highway that would not stop all night long. I could not sleep at peace.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	1	5	5	3	

<Author>jirrupin
<Content>Free Everything! This hotel is fantastic. I should stress that I have never stayed at a Homewood Suites before so I didn't know that they included so much in the base rate, but we were blown away. Among the things that this place provided for free were 'light dinner' (which could really suffice as dinner i.e. meatloaf, lasagne etc), alcoholic drinks every night we were there (Mon-Thurs), free hot breakfast, free in-room internet and a free shuttle to major sites. We were upgraded to a suite which was very roomy and had a great kitchen. It was a very nice room. The only negatives with the hotel were that the comforter/doona was scratchy (as a previous reviewer noted), and that the business centre broke and despite assurances of it will be fixed in two/three hours, it never was. Everything else about this hotel was excellent. The location is right near downtown - it's only a 5 minute walk (maximum) to the heart of downtown Seattle, and only 10 minutes or so to Pike Place Market. We walked basically everywhere, including to the Seattle Centre, the wharf to get the Bainbridge Island Ferry, and to Pioneer Square from this hotel. We only had to get a bus when we went to Fremont.I would definitely recommend the Homewood Suites Hilton for Seattle. What a great place!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>pikapptcu
<Content>Good location and value Stayed here on Dec 2, 2008. Very nice property in downtown. Room was a little tight, but it was just me. If I was travelling with spouse or kids the room would have been small. They also offer a free dinner and breakfast. I skipped the dinner and hit the Cheesecake factory a few blocks away. Hotel is right next to the convention center. Fitness center is very nice. Very clean and newer equipment.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>madduxglav
<Content>Good location and value for money       View 2  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>kectobe
<Content>Updated Hotel and Comfortable stay I've had a fantastic experience at the hotel now named Homewood suites. My room is newly remodeled with flat screen tvs in the bed room and living room. Granite counter tops in the kitchen and bathroom, as well as a spa tub. I also have a balcony. Its a great escape from the busy Seattle hustle and bustle outside. They also serve a complementary breakfast and welcome home light dinner. I love it! and wish I could stay longer!! I have heard some construction and see it in the lobby, but its not disrupted my stay at all.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>TaliaT
<Content>Cute hotel, some construction, but comfortable and great value! The boyfriend and i stayed in this unique place due to him being in Seattle for business. It was a great location due to it being a bit off the beaten path from the business of the city yet close enough to walk everywhere I wanted to go. The rooms are incredibly large and for the price that we paid, we felt that we got a great bang for our buck! The comforter on the bed was really scratchy, and the front entrance to the hotel was under contstruction, but other than that, I would definitely reccomend this place to my friends and other travelers.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>AKLadyLawyer
<Content>Great value, comfortable hotel Pike Street Suites is a hotel of excellent value, conveniently located, spacious, with many comforts. My husband and I chose this hotel on a 3-day weekend for its location and low price (we paid $119 + tax on Expedia for a 1-br king suite). It had been recommended by my sister. The suite was large, very clean and true to the advertised floor plan. Contemporary furnishings, two plasma TVs, decent lighting, free wireless internet, and free local phone calls. We only used the refrigerator and microwave, but there was a full kitchen for meal preparation. The bed was very comfy, with crisp, quality linens, comfy pillows and excellent mattress. I particularly appreciated the blackout window shades. I did not hear any freeway or road noise from our courtyard-view room, and I am typically a light sleeper. We also enjoyed the medium sized private balcony, which overlooked cherry trees blossoming in the courtyard.The bathroom is average+. Marble counter and contemporary fixtures, but only an average sized tub and vanity area. Nothing terribly fancy, but perfectly clean. The workout room is small but has all the equipment I wanted. It was warm enough to enjoy the heated outdoor pool and jacuzzi, which were cozy but quite nice. There is also an indoor jacuzzi. The hotel is a short walk (uphill!) from the convention center and downtown shopping. Last fall, we stayed at the Grand Hyatt, which is about 3 blocks away. While the Grand Hyatt is elegant and more luxurious, we had much more space at Pike Street Suites at about half to 1/3 the price. The lobby is still undergoing renovations, but we were not bothered by construction noise. Breakfast-in-a-bag was available, but we did not try it. A conversion to Homewood Suites is expected for later this spring. Hopefully, the hotel will retain its charms.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Bukwaas
<Content>Wicked value for the price! Close to the conference centre. A bit noisy as you overlook a free/highway. Breakfast buffet is exceptional! Good shopping/restaurants nearby. Rooms are old and dusty, and windows don't close easily (I had to switch rooms). Gym is small but doable.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>DWinATL
<Content>Nice Renovations; Bed Type Issues Booked through Expedia, which guaranteed a King Bed. Because I'm wary of such promises when I didn't book direct with the hotel, I called the day of arrival to reconfirm a non-smoking King. The desk agent reconfirmed the bed type, so I felt confident about getting what we were promised.At check it, I saw that the Registration Card also stated Nonsmoking King, so I didn't reconfirm it with the desk clerk - I thought that would be overkill.We found our room - the halls are definitely taking some wear and tear from the renovations, but the room was beautiful - hardwood floors, well-appointed kitchenette, beautiful large bathroom, very comfortable modern sofa and a queen sized bed!We didn't notice the size of the bed until after we were completely unpacked (we were staying four nights), so didn't feel like re-packing and moving, so we didn't ask management to correct the situation. But it was mildly annoying to have taken so much effort, even on the day of arrival, and to have our promised bed type switched out from under us at check in.Otherwise, the stay was nice - good breakfast in the lobby each morning, with hot options in addition to cold. And it was very nice to have the kitchen - we were able to make hot tea and chocolate every afternoon after cold days in Seattle's December weather.We usually stay here because of the excellent location between downtown and first hill. We can generally walk anywhere, and we very much enjoy that.On the day of departure we called to see if the hotel shuttle was available to take us to the train station - I had asked the day before and was told they didn't take reservations and it was on a first come, first served basis. I was told that the van had just left in the opposite direction and wouldn't be back for at least 45 minutes, so we took a cab instead. After checking our luggage at the train station, we walked a block to a coffee shop and were passed on the street by the hotel shuttle!Having stayed here regularly for the last 8 years or so, I must say that the details have usually been handled better than during this stay. These little blips weren't enough to make me move to another hotel, but repeats of the same will definitely make me think about it, if I see similar issues in the future.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	4	4	

<Author>tropicsboy
<Content>A very pleasant stay Its undergoing renovations or rebranding, but construction was going on when I was there a couple of days ago.But its not obtrusive.Room was very pleasant, there is a working kitchen and its in downtown seattle near the public trpt system and some attractions.Staff were pleasant enough and helped me out with directions and such, so cant complain.A pleasant experience, highly recommended.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>SRPZ
<Content>A great place to stay! Our family of five stayed in a beautiful 1 bdrm suite Dec. 23 - 26th. The suites are newly renovated and you can tell as soon as you walk in, everything looks and smells new! My husband and I slept in the very spacious bedroom with a comfy King sized bed with all white bedding and fluffy duvet, similar to the Westin's Heavenly Beds. It had a flat screen TV on the dresser and nice modern furnishings. The 3 boys slept in the living area - 2 on the sleeper sofa and 1 on a roll-away and they still had plenty of space. They really liked watching movies on the large flat screen TV mounted to the wall. The suite also has a kitchen with everything you need to make a meal. The bathroom was large and very nice with a really cool sink and fancy tap. There was also a gas f/p which was really nice to have being Christmas so I was able to lay out the stockings by it like we do at home. I also brought a small xmas tree that sat nicely on top of a cabinet next to the f/p. It was lovely. The boys had alot of fun in the outdoor heated pool and I really enjoyed sitting in the outdoor hot tub sipping hot tea in the cool air. They also have an indoor hot tub and a fitness room which was sufficient for my husband and I to have a quick work out. The breakfast which is included was pretty good, the boys ate lots of their favorite Cinnamon Toast Crunch cereal and waffles. They also have eggs and sausage, oatmeal, bagels, toast, fruit, yogurt, juice and coffee.The location can't be beat, close to restaurants (Cheesecake Factory just down the street), movie theatres, and shopping of course. There's lots of free parking around the area as well.Customer service was great helping us find restaurants that were open on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day, and they were prompt with our request for towels and toiletries.The only negative thing was the outside of the hotel and small, unattractive lobby area, where it's very evident that there are renovations going on, although we never heard any noise. We would definitely stay here again! Hopefully the prices won't go up too much when it becomes the Homewood Suites by Hilton in the Spring.....  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Scott Johnson
<Content>Great value, good location, friendly staff We stayed at the Pike Street Suites during the last week of November. This was my 3rd visit in the last year and I have been impressed each time. Our family was traveling to Seattle for a mini vacation and shopping trip and since we prefer to each have a little bit of our own space, I contacted the hotel directly to see what options we had. Based on their recommendations we reserved the Junior Suite adjoining the King Standard. The Junior Suite had a living room, kitchen and separate bedroom which adjoined a regular room with a king bed. This turned out to be a great idea and a wonderful deal. Lots of room and a small kitchen where we prepared dinner a couple of nights.Each morning we went to the complimentary breakfast off the lobby which had whole fruit, yogurt, pastries, cereal, juice, eggs, sausage and coffee. All fresh and breakfast room was bright and clean. We did miss the fresh waffles they used to serve though!The hotel is close enough to Pike Market, a number of shopping malls, movie theaters and restaurants that we only used our vehicle once during our stay. Easy walk to catch the Monorail to the Seattle Center (Space Needle, Sci-Fi Museum and others).Front Desk and Housekeeping were friendly and competent. I would like say thanks to Britt, Sara and Dan who were especially helpful.All in all, we had a great time in Seattle and were very pleased with the hotel.Highly recommended!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Jatiga
<Content>Like it a lot, but the customer service needs some improvements We stayed at this hotel for 4 days at the end of December in the 1 bedroom . I compared the rooms to a Best Western we stayed at and the rooms were not that big but nicely newly decorated. The breakfast was more than we expected, eggs, sausages, pastries, and the usual stuff. The outdoor pool was very warm and kids had lost of fun. The bathroom fan in our room was very loud, the front desk person that was a male but tried to talked like a girl was not helpful at all with our questions about how to get around and where the hotel shuttle can take us. Fortunately for him his coworker came around and help. She had answered our question very quickly.We were not willing to pay $24 for hotel parking so we parked outside which was cheaper as between 6pm to 8am the parking is free. The location is great- walking to all downtown shops and market, very close to cheesecake factory- our new favorite place to eat.We will stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Ranchojello
<Content>Fantastic place to stay This was the perfect hotel for a family. The rooms are enormous, we had a spectacular view of the space needle and downtown Macy's where they set off fireworks to kick off the holiday shopping season. The location was great, right between downtown (for shopping and touring) and Capitol Hill (for exceptional reasonable restaurants). Breakfast was great, very substantial, lots of choices, and fresh fruit. The staff was super helpful from the front desk to the bellmen to the engineer and housekeeping staff. The sleeper sofa was a bit beat but they are in the process of renovating and the room was actually big enough that we just took the mattress off the frame and put it on the floor for our kid.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SammyGunn
<Content>Nice place to stay - Rude Shuttle Driver I stayed at this hotel during the Marine Expo Convention for 5 days. The room was nice and bed was comfortable. This hotel is walking distance to every thing Pike street has to offer. My only complaint is with the Hotel courtesy driver. I am not sure how this guy has managed to keep this job, his service was terrible, he was rude each time we used the shuttle service - basically he acted like he was pissed off that we asked him to give us a ride. (This is the day driver, not sure how the night driver is). I tipped him a minimum of 5 dollars for a short ride and he would perk up and be nice for about 5 seconds, the next ride would start all over with the pissed off attitude. He need's to work on his people skills. Maybe he need's to just quit this job and get a job at some remote location so he can be by himself each and everyday.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>gianna70
<Content>Part of a really great anniversary 10/27/07! Prompt and free shuttle service from the train station to the hotel and back the next day, plus the same service to Pike Place Market! The staff was genuinely friendly, not just courteous. Our room was super nice. We had a king-sized bed, living room area, kitchen, double-sinks in the bathroom  a whirlpool tub. Plus 2 flat screen tv's.The only minor complaints we had were (1) the door to the room wasn't light proof so there was a lot of light spilling in from the hallway. This was remedied by shutting the bedroom door. (2) the hallway noise from other customers was excessive. Some sound-proofing in the hallways walls would be great.Otherwise, it was a surprisingly fantastic place to stay! And the location let us walk to all kinds of places including the Paramount Theater where we saw Spamalot and to dinner.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>TravelNow741
<Content>Great Surprise-Great Hotel Wow. This was a great hotel. We booked a suite and got a huge one bedroom suite that was just renovated with all new furniture, carpet, granite counters and flat screen TV's. Free internet and breakfast too. Great deal. We will be back and recommend this hotel for sure!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>heathermara
<Content>Smoky and dirty - but good location We (my friend and I are women in our mid-30's) wanted to have a weekend girls shopping trip, so we booked this hotel through Hotwire. It said 31/2 stars, but this place was divey! It is near the convention centre, downtown shopping and although it's called Pike Street Suites, the famous Pike Street Market was nowhere in sight.The lobby was worn and dated. The front desk staff were inconsistent - some friendly, some rude, none of them very classy, no uniforms, just a bit odd. The first room that we were given was sick! It reeked of smoke and had an ash tray on the tv, even though we'd asked for non-smoking. There was a de-humidifier blasting, it was tiny and the carpet was quite stained (think CSI miami before the cleaning crew).We went down and complained and she upgraded us to a suite. This room was amazing. Much cleaner, a big bathroom, seperate bedroom and living area. We had only paid $109 on hotwire, so I don't know what this type of room would normally go for - but it was very adequate. No view (well, back alley or highway) and mid construction - although it wasn't loud. Overall, I wouldn't recommend this hotel because they tried to give us a sick room and if we hadn't complained our trip would have been lousy. However if you can get a suite, the location is good and the free brekfast had a lot of selection.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>hag123
<Content>Good Value I thought this hotel was a good value for the money since we got a room upgrade to a suite due to over booking. Very close to downtown with a nice filling, full breakfast included in the price. The construction was not a problem at all, we noticed no noise.My complaint, is that the pool/hot tub chemicals must have been out of balance because I ended up with chemical burns so I do think they must get that one under control.Staff did not appear overly friendly and there were broken items such as entertainment unit cabinet door track and other minor details. We did not mention these things to staff being in a hurry but the value is there if these are corrected.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alwaysamber
<Content>Currently Under Renovation... Pike Place Suites is currently in major remodel mode. Be prepared to expect construction noise during the day and some minor inconveniences. None the less, we had a nice stay in a new contemporary room. The room was not without glitches, all having to do with the remodel. No (wired) internet service yet, the sofa sleeper was still wired shut from shipping, one phone was improperly connected and not yet functional,... The engineering staff was pleasant  quick to remedy problems. Desk staff was couteous and helpful. Typical hotel free breakfast fare.Valet staff was NOT particularly helpful. BEWARE of the parking garage; it is meant for small vehicles only (as attested by the scrapes on the wall)!!!Further BEWARE of the shuttle driver, LLoyd; so very accommodating one day, mean  nasty the next. Pike Place Suites is close to everything---avoid the shuttle!After reading reviews, I requested a room on the quiet side of the hotel. Due to the renovation, that request was not granted. I was very pleased that turned out to be the case. Though I-5 almost immediately fronts the hotel our room was acceptably quiet with windows closed plus the city view was great!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	4	5	4	4	1	

<Author>yoopy
<Content>fantastic stay       lobby  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>VDonahoe
<Content>Disappointments galore. This property is drastically understaffed. The room was acceptable, but that was about it. I felt sorry for every employee there. On a busy weekend with several Mariner's games, I expected more than one front desk person, one guy running his tail off to get everyone's car, because the free shuttle to the ballpark was so crowded you couldn't on it. I will never stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Natalie-UK-USA
<Content>Good value Stayed here for a week while attending a convention. Really convenient to the convention center and downtown in general. My suite (#523) was a little tired eg. carpet and sofa need replacing; but the bed was comfortable and the room was clean - although I did need to ask for an extreme vacuuming. Staff were friendly and the overall service was good. Room was quiet, which is often really hard to find. Not the cheapest place to stay, but good value for downtown Seattle. Kitchenette a definite plus. I would stay there again and recommend without hesitation.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>beleagueredmom
<Content>Some Pros and Cons The staff are very friendly but we had a bad experience at check-in that colored our stay. We were put in what was clearly a smoking room (based on the smell) despite having requested NS in advance and confirming it at check-in. The room was also poorly cleaned. We were preoccupied with our young children thus it took us 2 days to change rooms. Once we did, we were much happier. The housekeeping was still just OK, but the rooms are a nice size with a good layout. We generally are not very picky so it was disappointing to have our stay get off to a bad start. One person on the staff tried to tell us that the first room was NS but it was clearly on the one smoking floor (the 3rd). The breakfast was nice and the location convenient. The parking is valet only so tipping is involved but cars are delivered very quickly. There is a fair amount of street noise from traffic and pedestrians. If you're planning to walk places, note that the walk back from the Pike Place Market is a steep climb; however there is a free bus and the hotel has a shuttle.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	2	2	4	3	

<Author>ipsque
<Content>Loved it Just have two rooms is such a luxury. It's really convenient to the convention center, it's great to have access to a refrigerator and stove. The all day and night tea and coffee is very nice. It had an above average fitness center with weights, recumbent bike, elliptical trainer, and two treadmills. Great breakfast, though I wish all breakfasts in general at all hotels ran until 11. I'd love to stay there again next time I'm in Seattle.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>MusicLover1959
<Content>Best experience ever in Seattle!!! I have stayed in several places in Seattle over the past couple years, and Pike Street Suites gave me the most friendly, courteous, enjoyable stay I have ever experienced!!! I am not a businesswoman, I am an ordinary mom who needed a nice night out. We were treated SO wonderfully by EVERYONE at this hotel, from the minute I made reservations, to the time we left. The suite was beautiful, everything was in place (including the Do Not Disturb sign, which was not in my room in the previous three places I stayed). The night I checked in, they were under-staffed for some reason, but the lady at the front desk handled it beautifully under pressure of handling incoming guests. Always with a smile, ever so courteous. This hotel has earned my loyalty!! (Just a heads-up though, if you choose not to use the valet parking service, you will need to walk up/down the ramps in the parking garage to access the hotel. There is no elevator in the garage).  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>betacentauri
<Content>Poor service I stayed here while attending the Seattle Gift Show in January. The location is great: only 5 minutes away and the hotel was recently renovated which is nice.But the service is mediocre. I can tell when staff are miserable with their jobs and this is one of those places. As an example that ticks me off to this day -- and motivated me to write my first ever review -- they have yet to respond to a question about my phone bill. The front desk told me someone would get back to me (they didn't), and I have phoned THREE TIMES and have been told three times someone will get back to me. They never did.They won't get a penny from me the next time I'm in town.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	1	2	

<Author>james&katie
<Content>Family Friendly! Great rooms, Great location, Great Breakfast. Was an ideal hotel for our family (1 yr, 3yr and 4yr olds). We had our crib in thew bedroom and both kids on the sofa sleeper in the livingroom. Nice to put the baby down for her nap and be able to play with the other kids, make a snack and have access to the restroom without disturbing the baby. Traveling with kids- the full kitchen was a blessing!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>godesmoines
<Content>Good Location and Value This hotel has changed hands, it's currently known as the Pike Street Suites, which looks to be an independent operation and a temporary situation until this summer. To paraphrase a note in the elevator, Hyatt is not in the picture, and Hilton will take over after a remodel that's supposed to be completed sometime this summer. It will then be part of their Homewood Suites chain.Their ownership situation has not affected this hotel negatively in the slightest. We found everyone at the front desk staff to be friendly and helpful. I requested a high floor and early check in and got both. I asked them for help in getting to the airport for a very early flight (we came in on Amtrak and flew back), and they arranged everything, and got me the best deal.We got a one room suite on the 8th floor, facing the courtyard. The room was very quiet, if you're nervous about road noise from I-5 (which really isn't that bad, IMO), then request the courtyard view. The property must have been apartments or condos at some point, the sound insulation was really pretty good.The room did show its age a bit, but wasn't bad. There was plenty of room, and the beds were comfortable. The kitchen had a fridge, stove, and microwave, and was stocked with plates, utensils, and glasses, which we did use a couple times.The continental breakfast in the morning is adequate, with the usual suspects available like fresh fruit, cereals, pastries, etc. Runs until 9:30am.The exercise room was decent, with 2 True treadmills, an elliptical machine, a recumbent stationary bike, and free weights. Also a TV, hot tub and heated pool.I did a lot of research before booking this hotel, and I believe it's the best deal downtown (we paid $130/night booking on the hotel website). It's two blocks to the convention center, and close to shopping. Also about a 10 minute walk to Pike Place Market, and less to some of the popular shopping areas like Pacific Place, Nordstrom's, Westlake Center, and the like. It's a few more minutes to the Pioneer Square area, but still not a bad walk. The hotel has a courtesy shuttle that can take you there if you ask.You can spend $100-$200 more per night to be a couple minutes closer to some of these things, you can decide if you think it's worth it, but we sure didn't. Maybe if you're on the company dime.Our only gripe has to do with the vagrant/homeless situation downtown. If you're from a bigger city, seeing these people around isn't a big surprise. But they seemed to be on about every other corner downtown and tend to be a bit more aggressive asking for money compared to some other cities. It's almost to the point where you hope the Walk sign is on when you cross intersections so you don't have to stop and be subjected to another in-your-face request for money. If you're okay giving change to them, more power to you. Otherwise just ignore them and they'll usually go away.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>cyber_lauren
<Content>Now Pike Street Suites; will change name in summer 2007 again As of Jan 1, 2007 it is no longer a Hyatt chain hotel and is called the Pike Street Suites; the sign in the elevator says it will undergo renovations and then be renamed as Homestead suites (I think) as part of the Hilton chain. The sign says the staff and managment will remian the same.The staff were friendly and accomodating. I had one of the rooms overlooking the freeway so there was street noise but just a background level not honking horns.DIfferent rooms have different floor plans. I had a 1 bedroom suite and it has a kitchenette complete with dishwasher and dishes. It felt very roomy. The fold-out couch bed was adequate, not too uncomfortable. Great breakfast; quiet rooms (thick walls and floors).  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>PHXTrainer
<Content>Great location, staff, beds, so-so rooms Stayed here for the location. Which is excellent. Next door to convention center, around the corner from Pacific Plaza mall. 10 short blocks to Pikes Place, 5 to Capitol Hill. The room I ended up with was extremely small, I was alone so it worked out, if there would have been two of us it would have been challenging. The room was on the 8th floor facing the court yard which made for no noise but was interesting to see the other high rise residentials surrounding the courtyard, we could all look into each others windows, kind of disturbing and at the same time intriquing, I had to remind myself not to be rude and watch people eat or watch TV.The hotel is undergoing a name change and will be undergoing severe renovations which are much needed since it is in an upscale area, of course hwne they get done it will probably double the price of about $100 which I paid. scedule is to be done by summer of 2007.I would definately stay here again but probably spring for the suite rather than the standard room. Also parking is $21/day, kind of steep, but the internet was free, and even if it wasnt there were enough unsecure WIFI networks in the area to not worry about it if they did charge.A decent experience overall, now that I know what to expect.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	3	5	4	4	

<Author>JoesScreenName
<Content>Nice place, nice location, very pleased. The hotel has a nice location, walking distance to plenty of food options, movie theaters, malls, etc. My room was clean and had a couch, kitchen, and king size bed. The internet was free (yea!). Staff were nice, and the breakfast is they typical free stuff at extended stay places. reheated eggs, waffles, fruit, etc. It was fine with me. I did not encounter dirt or excessive noise as some of these reviews have mentioned. The road noise I did hear was acceptable for staying in the city. Warning to all country folk: In the city you will hear road noise! Go back to the suburbs if that is a problem for you.I bought off hotwire; $75 per night for 3 nights. Best of luck in your travels.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>2Midwest
<Content>Formerly Summerfield Suites Wyndham Room was small. Needed cleaning. Garbage on floor. Dirty table top. Bathroom floor needed cleaning. That being said, the property has a great location.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>holtzt
<Content>Great home base for Seattle sighseeing!! My Husband and I spent a long weekend at the Summerfield suites before an Alaska cruise. The hotel was a steal at 80.00 a night. (Hotwire) The hotel is with in walking to pikes market and the space needle. We did use the free hotel shuttle to bring us to the waterfront for dinner. The drive staff were very friendly and got a great tip for dinner!! Elliott鈥檚 oyster bar, one of the best meals I have ever had!! The free breakfast was great!! All in All my stay in Seattle at the Summerfield suites was great!! Clean rooms, great views of the space needle and a friendly, helpful staff!! Would stay again in a heartbeat!!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>juliebug52
<Content>Some good and some bad.... The good:Location, 10 blocks to Pike Place Market.Shuttle service that takes you to visitor locations.Close to shopping and lots of eating establishments.Huge rooms, we had a one bedroom suite with a full kitchen. A door that opened to small concrete patio.Great breafast buffet which included cheese omelets, sausage, make your own waffle, cereal, milk. fruit, juice, pastries, yogurt, oatmeal. Next door to the convention center.Comfy bed and clean bathroom.The bad:My reservation said we had a room with a jetted tub and when I inquired why we didn't have one they said they only had so many. It was the primary reason I chose this hotel over several others in downtown Seattle. Why have that as an option on the reservation if they can't deliver? I made the reservation two month prior at the hotel websiteWe also requested a quiet room. We were on the fourth floor facing Boren street. It is a hill so you are not really four floors above the traffic. The windows are not insulated and the traffic noise was horrible! If you are a sound sleeper or used to that type of thing it may not be a problem. Be sure to request a room that faces the inner courtyard where they have their outdoor pool. The rooms are showing some wear but I wouldn't put them in the shabby category yet. There was mold on the door track of the outside patio.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>just1
<Content>Great location for a great price       Sunset along the Pier 5  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jrw11
<Content>Great Stay! The hotel is in a great location. Walk straight down Pike Street about 10 blocks to the Pike's Place Market. There are some great restaurants right around the hotel. It's a quieter park of downtown, although really close to the expressway. Our room wasn't clean when we checked in and they gave us a new room with an up-grade! Really nice staff and helpful. As a whole the place is nice and clean. Great breakfast! Would definitel stay here again. Oh, and we had a perfect veiw of Spaceneedlle from our room! Great place.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>newjerseyfamily
<Content>Great place! You'll enjoy your stay here. Seattle being a place you really want to park your car and walk or take mass transit - you'll find this hotel well situated. Just walk down the street to Pike's Market. Easy access to the monorail to the Space Needle or a number of places to visit. A suite can be pretty nice after several days on the road. Great breakfast - the breakfast room is a little small, but you can always take what you want up to your room. Pool very enjoyable and the hot tub too -its outdoor. Staff very friendly and helpful. Parking at the hotel, about $20 a night. Excellent beds. Very much enjoyed our stay here and would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great night in Seattle! We just got back from our trip to Seattle where we stayed in the Summerfield Suites for one night. We paid $70 (plus taxes) for the room on [-----]and that was a great deal for everything that we got! Upon arrival we were upgraded to a studio suite so that we could have a king bed.[----] The room was very nice and was overlooking the courtyard area where there was a pool and a hot tub which we used later that night. The bed was very comfortable and the free continental breakfast the next morning was fantastic! They had make-you-own waffles plus tons of other choices from fruit and oatmeal to coffee cake. The location was very close to downtown - we had to walk about 8 blocks to get to Pike Place Market, and had good views of the Space Needle. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a nice downtown hotel with great amenities!  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>randybloomington_MN
<Content>Good deal, try Hotline I have stayed at the Summerfield Suites on Pike Street in Seattle several times in the past two years, always on a Hotline buy for about $75 per night --- a very good deal at that price. Minifridge, microwave (sometimes), small rooms but certainly adequate for two people. Ask for a quiet room as the hotel is on and over some very noisy streets and freeways. Excellent free breakfast ... hot make-yourself waffles, good variety of fruit, variety of cereal, eggs, sausage, etc. Very available free van for trips downtown and nearby --- good deal for a tip of a few dollars. Parking is $20 per night --- figure it into your cost if you have a vehicle. Every time I have stayed here there was loud noise from the central air conditioning unit --- staff always came quickly to turn it off --- you seldom need AC in Seattle anyway. Hotel staff is very helpful. Decent hotels in downtown Seattle are seldom under $100 --- this is a very good deal if you can get it in that price range.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>elyette
<Content>Not a good move... From the time I booked my reservation (12/05) to the time I stayed at this hotel (4/20/06), it had changed ownership from Wyndham to Hyatt.I chose this particular hotel because I was going to a business conference at the WA Convention Center which is only a block away.I do like the fact that for a reasonable price, one can get a room with a kitchenette. I usually stayed at this hotel due to its location and the fact that Wyndham would ensure that I would get the room I asked for. Not so after the change to Hyatt. I specified in my reservation that I wanted a room away from elevators and vending machines. I also called the hotel directly a week beforehand specifying my request. The clerk advised me that they cannot guarrantee room placement under Hyatt but she would assign me a room just this once since I had made my reservation with a non-refundable payment in full under Wyndham. I also left work early to check in as soon as rooms were available so that I could get a quiet room to work. When I got to my room I found was next to the elevators on one side and the stairs on the other side. It was extremely noisy. I was told that there was no other room available, even though I had arrived 15 minutes before check in time. Everyone was polite and very sorry but that doesn't cut it when one hears stairway and elevator traffic all night and has to work the next day. It was very frustrating.In general, things were not as well attended to as they were when Wyndham ran things.For example, the light in my room did not work. Wyndham always makes sure that room fixtures do not fall into disrepair. The room coffee was tasteless.When I got to my roon around 4PM, there was a scattered array of breakfast dishes lining the hallway. In my years of staying at Wyndham hotels, they have not left dishes lying about the hall all day. Continental breakfast is the usual caloric cocktail of mini-muffins, microscopic danish and other combinations of air, starch, crystallline sugar and chemicals. Sadly, Seattle Summerfield Suites are sliding down the slope....in their new capacity of Hyatt Pull Toy.How disappointing that a once quiet, accommodating and well run-hotel is no more.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VicGirl123
<Content>Great Stay I had a great one night stay at this hotel. The rooms were immaculate and the staff was very professional. The room had a small fridge and free internet access.I really enjoyed the breakfast buffet which consisted of fruit, cereal, oatmeal, juice (orange, apple, grapefruit), boiled eggs, waffles (made with a waffle-maker not toasted), toast, muffins, English muffins, bagels and cream cheese, yoghurt, coffee, tea, and probably a few other things I have forgotten. The free shuttle is great too. I would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>leungv999
<Content>Nice hotel and good location I stayed at the Summerfield Suites for 2 nights over the Easter long weekend, April 14-16. We made this reservation on hotwire. Check-in was quick. There was a business competition next door at the convention center so there were many high schoolers at the hotel walking around. We were given a room on the 8th floor, close to the elevator. When we opened the door, there was someone in the room so we walked back to the reception desk and asked for another room. The check-in clerk saw that he made a mistake so he gave us a suite on the 8th floor. The suite was big with a full kitchen, living room, a separate bedroom and full bathroom. A very good trade for the small inconvenience.Everything in the suite was clean, the bed was comfortable and the bathroom was spotless. They now have toiletries with Hyatt on it. There is a workout room with hot tub and outdoor swimming pool on the 5th floor. They don't have a business center although they offer wireless internet in the rooms (so take your laptop). Every morning, they serve complimentary continental breakfast (includes bread, bagel, waffle, fresh fruit, cereal, juice, coffee). This was our first time to Seattle so we wanted to see everything. The location of the hotel is great. You can practically walk everywhere although you will be tired. Pike place market is 8 blocks down towards the water. The hotel offers a free shuttle in the downtown area which we used to drop us off at Pioneer square. We also found out that the buses in the downtown area are free and the last stop is 1 block from Summerfield Suites, right in front of the convention center. Parking - the hotel charges $20 for parking each night. We had a car but did not want to pay the fee so we parked on the street at night (free after 6pm and on Sundays). During the day, there is a parking lot on Pike, between 5th and 6th that offers $5 all day parking on the weekends. We paid a total of $5 for parking during our stay.On the second night, there were people who stayed a few doors down from our suite with dogs. You can hear them barking loudly until 11pm. After that, it stopped. If you have allergies to pets, you may want to confirm with the hotel that you get a room that have not have pets there before.All in all, we had a great stay at Summerfield suites and would stay here again the next time we are in Seattle.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Find It was a fluke that we found this wonderful place. And what a great deal we got. We took the train to Seattle from Oregon City, Oregon. The taxi fare to the hotel was $6.50 (tip not included). We requested a smoke free room and that is what we got. The view was not the greatest, but the room was clean and the towels and sheets had a light scent of bleach which to us spells cleanliness.The room and bathroom were ample. The staff were the friendliest and most helpful we have experienced in a long time. There was free shuttle service from 7am-10:30pm to most anyplace we wanted to go in downtown Seattle, including a return shuttle to the train station. The room was quiet. The complimentary continental breakfast was ample and the staff continued to ensure items were replenished. The coffee was great as well. There are many amenities available that are too numerous to list. And, take advantage of the park on top of the convention center which is one block away. For $99 a night..........try to find a better deal in Seattle. We can't wait to go back again.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>joshkspa
<Content>Would stay at Summerfield again in a heartbeat I stayed here for one night by chance as I bid on a hotel through priceline. The location was perfect for me. You can walk a few minutes east and be in capitol hill or walk a few minutes west and be in the shopping district and eventually pike place market. So location is great. The room wasn't huge, but attractive and quiet. I had 2 full sized beds which would be crowded if you tried to fit 2 adults into each bed, but for me it was fine. The beds were very comfortable and didn't have gross  traditional hotel comfortors. The continental breakfast was great--hot and cold food, including waffle bar. Front desk staff was quiet and not very welcoming--the girl mumbled so much I had to ask her several times to repeat herself. But I figure I only have to deal with them for 3-4 minutes to check in and that doesn't really ruin the hotel experience. I used cabs so not sure about the parking costs or inconvenience. But again, great place, great location, and I plan to stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>happymommy
<Content>Clean and comfortable suites Our family of four stayed at the Summerfield Suites in Seattle for 4 nights in March. At first I was a bit nervous about staying here because of the recent poor reviews, but our stay was great and we had a wonderful mini holiday. Apparently the Summerfield Suites had been taken over by the Hyatt Group as of March 2006. I had reserved it through Priceline and had a great deal. When we checked in, we were given a standard room with 2 double beds. The room was clean and had a mini refrigerator. At check in, I was told that if I wanted to upgrade to a one bedroom suite, it would cost an additional $40. We decided to try the standard room first. While it would have been just fine for 2 of us, it was a bit cramped with 2 young children. The next day when I inquired about upgrading, the cost was quoted as only an additional $20 so we took advantage of it. The clean one bedroom suite was very spacious with a huge king bed in the bedroom, a pull out sofa in the living room, a full kitchen and a very large bathroom. It was very very comfortable for our family. Although this unit overlooked Pike Street and the I-5, the traffic noise did not bother us at all. The hotel's shuttle service was great . . . taking us to Pike Place Market, Science Center etc. The complimentary continental breakfast buffet was huge with many many choices. The staff, on the whole, was very professional and friendly. The location is great too . . .easy walking distance to shops and restaurants. The area felt safe to walk around at night with 2 young children.Our family wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelerfromCanada
<Content>Excellent as before We last stayed here in 2003, and I previously wrote a positive review. This time we had an even better experience, if that's possible. We once again booked through Priceline. We arrived for check-in around 11:15 PM. We had to wait for three other people to be checked in. When it was our turn, the clerk told us that he had automatically given us a late checkout of 2 PM so that we wouldn't have to rush in the morning. We were very happy for that, particularly getting it without asking. I didn't ask for any particular bedding arrangement, figuring we would just work with what we got. So imagine our delight to find we had two double beds in the bedroom, as well as the sofa hideabed (which didn't need to be used). The complimentary breakfast was pretty standard for a 2.5* hotel - I'd personally like less sugar and more whole-grain and protein options, but a reasonably healthy selection was available if you chose with care. As before, the suite had two TVs. I noticed that the TVs could not be raised to a very high volume. I remembered reading on another forum that some hotels had instituted this so that the noise would not disturb neighbors. That makes perfect sense, as with two TVs on in every suite at high volume, there could be quite a cacophony. I'm not one to be bothered by such things, but in my quest to be an objective reviewer, I did see a couple of chipped spots which would benefit from a spot of paint. All in all, this was a very nice, fully-equipped apartment, including full kitchen facilities.Note that as of January 5, 2006, Summerfield Suites is now a Hyatt brand, rather than Wyndham. The clerk explained to me that this was an improvement, because now you got free local calls and free Internet. I didn't use either, but I have to agree.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SA&WJ
<Content>A Doggie Hotel, Not for People The smell and stains in hallways and in rooms tells everything.....this hotel caters to people with dogs. We checked into our room and the stench of dog with potent cleaning solution smell practically knocked us over. The staff was friendly and tried to accommodate, but they said there weren't any rooms that were designated for just people. So if you don't mind paying to stay in a room where dogs have obviously been, then Summerfield may be just the place for you.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor Management My Husband and I have been staying at the Summerfield Suites since 2001. Each previous visit was above expectation. This time however, the hospitality was severely lacking. It seems the Management has changed hands and the friendly atmosphere went with it. Staff was not helpful when we were in need of some directions and we never got our towels replaced after requesting this with two phone calls to the rude desk clerk. We came across a familiar face and this is when we were informed of the new management. We will be seeking other accomodations next time.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>miked98
<Content>bright, spacious, functional We had a wonderful stay here during our trip to Seattle. The staff were kind and courteous, allowed for early check-in (as we had come in from an early AM flight), and even gave us a room upgrade.The rooms were bright and spacious, and had a functional kitchenette.The location was in a safe area just off of downtown Seattle, and walking distance to the pier and nearly any points of interest in the city.Though this is not a glamorous hotel, no doubt, it meets and even exceeds everything that could be expected for needs of a business traveler or the practical tourist.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Summerfield I was in Seattle for our National Conference, which was held in the Conference Center and at the Sheraton. We stayed at the Sheraton two nights and checked out - 1-because the room was too small for 4 women and 2-because it was over priced and did not include a breakfast. We called walked up the hill and spoke to Annie and she worked out a deal for us based on our Sams Club membership. WONDERFUL staff, good front desk, good shuttle, nice comfy rooms. Stay here its on the other side of the convention center at a fraction of the cost - you'll be glad you did.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location, Wonderful Staff Me and my husband stayed there for our 2-year anniversary. What a great place. We picked it because it was a good deal in a great location. We parked at the hotel, and then walked everywhere. The best part of the trip was the staff, and Josh (blonde hair) in particular. He was very professional, friendly and welcoming. We got a nice large suite with a balcony with a view of the Space Needle. We had a great experience!There are a few things the hotel might want to consider though: it needs nicer bedding: sheets, comferters, bedspreads. Also: better in-room coffe (this is Seattle!), and better bath products, too. These things were kind of cheap. I happen to be part of the management team in a hotel in Oregon and I know these in-room amenities make a great difference. But such a friendly staff makes up for a few things like that. ANyway we loved it there and we would go back.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tools35
<Content>Great location. We stayed here one night and it was a very nice room. We had a balcony overlooking the Space Needle. Great downtown location and staff was extremely helpful. Free shuttle to nice restaurants overlooking Puget Sound. Would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jumum
<Content>Would definitely stay here again We stayed here for 6 nights from July 31 to Aug 6, 2005. We chose this hotel primarily for the kitchenette which I needed to prepare meals for my 1 year-old. Our 1-bedroom suite in the corner was comfortable, bright, clean and the kitchenette was a great convenience. It sure beat having just a hotel room because the living room, bedroom and small balcony gave our little girl more room to explore and play and the place felt like a small apartment. The furniture was comfortable but the carpet needs replacing.Location-wise, we had no complaints. It's a straight shot down Pike Street to Pike Place market although the walk back is slightly uphil. Very close to all the shops and department stores.Staff were friendly and helpful though we did have a miscalculation in the parking charges but it was put right quite easily. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location I had to cut short a previous trip to Seattle and the manager allowed me to transfer my pre-paid days to Labor Day weekend, which I thought was generous since they had done nothing to warrant my not honoring my earlier stay. The front desk personnel were helpful and friendly, the room was clean, even though the furniture could use updating. I was off the main street, so it was quite quiet. The shuttle service is very convienent, and dropped me off and picked me up from a football game at the stadium. My only real complaint is that the fitness room is not for anyone who wants to any more than ride on a stationary bike or take a dip in the pool. Even one universal machine would have made a big difference. The local bus service goes right by the hotel and connects to the rest of the city. Would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was just okay My Husband  I went to the Summerfield over the Labor Day Weekend for a quick getaway. Before I left NY, I called  spoke to one of the Desk Clerks at Summerfield to tell him I would like a Town Car to pick us up at the Airport that evening. He told me no problem I will have someone call you back to get the details from you. Anyway, several hours later I'm now at Newark Airport, still no call, so I called back again  this time spoke to the Coordinator for the Town cars. I gave him all the details, flight, time, airlines, etc.... He told me that the Driver would call me once I arrive in Seattle to make sure where we are located in the Airport. Needless to say I never received a call. We ended up taking the Airporter,  that Driver was nice enough to drop us off at Summerfield. Once we arrived we told the Desk Clerk what happened  she said she will upgrade us to a nicer room  they will pay for us to take the Town Car back to the Airport the day we were leaving. That made us feel alot better! The room was nice  big that she put us in, I believe the room was an Executive Suite. The location was in the back of the building, it was nice  quiet. The Continental Breakfast was enjoyable, the fruits were nice  sweet. On Saturday, we ended up changing our room, because the air conditioner wasn't working  the light in the bathroom needed to be changed. So they changed us to a standard room  it was facing the street, which was really busy. We heard alot of sirens  traffic going by for the reminder part of the weekend. The Hotel is located in a good location, you will do alot of walking up the hills  down the hills, it kinda reminded me of San Francisco. All in all we had a nice time, but I don't think I will stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>trinaunz
<Content>Worked Well for My Family, Enjoyed the Shuttle We spent some split time in Seattle (before and after a trip to Vancouver) and stayed here both times (total of four nights). The room was clean, as was the kitchenette. Kitchenettes are very handy with a picky three-year-old who's also vegetarian - plenty of leftovers to keep him happy! We took the shuttle operated by the hotel everywhere - to restaurants, attractions and microbreweries (one of THE places to get microbrewed beer is Seattle). The shuttle drivers were knowledgable and courteous, and made some minor deviations from their routes to help us get where we needed to go. Would stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We liked it! My husband and I read the reviews before choosing to stay at this hotel. I was surprised at the size of the room, it was smaller than I expected as the reviews suggested that all the rooms were suites. That being said, we liked it very much and would stay again. The room was clean and comfortable. The staff was friendly and polite. The shuttle service is great. It was great for our budget. The price of the hotel was very reasonable too.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel in Seattle We stayed here for 2 nights and really enjoyed it.We had a nice 2 room suite, decent kitchen and fridge. All clean and serviced properly. ALso free wireless internet if I remember right.Staff generally friendly and helpful (1 exception to that rule). Included breakfast was the usual (toast, fruit, bagels etc.) The hotel was full to the brim both nights we were there and I can see why.The location was great for us. Cinema, shops and restaurants all within easy reach. It's up Pike Street, 9 or 10 blocks from the market. Note that it's uphill to the hotel from the market, so if you have mobility problems then you'll need to either use the free shuttle or make other arrangements.It's also a 15 min or so walk to Pioneer Square.Would definitely stay there again and would recommend it to anyone who is okay with a bit of walking.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>stazerd
<Content>A deal       the kitchen we didn't use  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>pier1travel
<Content>A home away from home       View from room towards Capitol Hill  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware not all are suites My husband and I stayed at the Summerfield when he was there for conference. We chose the hotel based on the fact that we thought that it was all suites, we were wrong. Because we wanted to spend time touring Seattle we planned extra time there. We were extremely dissapointed with the room size, as the room we got was not a suite, but looked much more like the hotel had converted what used to be a storage closet into a room. Dresser drawers could barely be opened as it was in front of the bed with very little walking space between (I came home with bruises from constantly bumping into this!). The first time the room was cleaned we were left with no shampoo, soap or other ammenities, on the bright side the staff immediately sent someone up with it. I will say that the staff was very helpful, polite and friendly especially the shuttle drivers. The pool is outside, so not very useful in a city that rains constantly. The hot tubs however, were operational and usually not crowded at all.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mandlintx
<Content>Very Disappointing  I would like to describe what I can only describe as a thoroughly disappointing hotel experience. I made my reservations at this property months in advance based on several factors; Wyndham reputation, hotel location, services available (courtesy shuttle), and in room amenities. I was disappointed with all of these except the location. Upon check-in I was told the room I had reserved was not available. I had reserved a King suite and was given a suite with two double beds. I specifically reserved a King as I was traveling with an infant and knew that the extra space would be needed for the portable crib. I was told that the property was sold out, there was nothing they could do. Once I arrived at my room I was even more disappointed. The kitchen area was filthy. The dishes in the cupboard were dirty, the utensil drawers were full of mold and water, the bathroom had mold in the caulk, and my daughter (16 months old) found and was playing with an empty beer can in the back of a cabinet. I spent the next several hours cleaning a portion of the kitchen to my satisfaction so that I would feel comfortable preparing my daughters meals in it. One day during our stay my Mother, who was staying with me, had the courtesy van take her and my daughter to the space needle area. She was extremely happy with the service she received. However, when she was ready to return to the hotel and called the driver to come and pick her up she was told they would not pick her up as she was out of the courtesy pick up area - she was EXACTLY where they had dropped her off in the morning. After some discussion with the EXTREMELY rude person she spoke with a manager and was again told she was outside of the area. The manager then stated that the shuttle was in for an oil change - my Mother said that she would wait for the van to be finished and was told they would not come to get her. The attitude and behavior of the desk staff was awful! The only shining star was one member of the valet staff - Dan.I was extremely disappointed in this property and the attitudes of the staff members. The whole experience put a damper on both the business and pleasure portions of our stay.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Staff is helpful and went the extra mile My husband and I stayed at Summerfield Suites in Seattle for a visit with our son who had moved up there in January. It was our first visit to Seattle. Over our four day stay, the staff at the front desk, valet, concierge, breakfast room and housekeeping were all very pleasant, did an excellent job and several provided exceptional service. The hotel shuttle provided an excellent means to get to various areas of the downtown hub for sightseeing, as well as for going to/from restaurants  jazz clubs. The drivers were each very pleasant and courteous and made the process run smoothly. There are also free city buses along the waterfront to help make getting around Seattle more convenient. It was nice being in a suite; we had a comfortable living room to sit and chat with our son while making plans and to hang out together at the end of a busy day.We were on the sixth floor facing Pike and I-5. The view was quite nice (the space needle) and the highway sounds were minimal. Our trip was cut short due to a medical situation (not related to being in Seattle) and the hotel staff was wonderful in helping us to explore options if we did need to get to a hospital and for arranging our 4am pick-up to get to the airport for the next flight home. There were some other matters that arose due to the early departure and each staff person we dealt with really went out of their way to make things easier for us. All in all, we had a wonderful visit, even though it did end on a difficult note. We got home safely and the medical situation was dealt with and all should be fine. We look forward to staying at Summerfield Suites in Seattle in the future.PS Having lunch at the Space Needle and then going to the Experience Music Project and the Science Fiction Museum was touristy but well worth the time and money.  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CaptainBristol
<Content>A great place for a business person or extended stay Since 2001 have I traveled to Seattle 5-6 times per year and I usually stay at the Summerfield. I will be the first to admit that the place is not perfect. However, for my money its plusses far outweigh its minuses. For starters, the place was an apartment building before it was converted to a hotel. This means the vast majority of the rooms have reasonably good kitchens equipped with the standard appliances--with the exception of an oven. They do have microwave ovens, but as most cooks know: they are not the same. The one-bedroom suites have spacious bathrooms and cozy living rooms. There are TVs in the living area and in the bedroom. Many of the rooms have balconies, although there are no chairs out there. The mattresses are comfortable and the rooms on the south side of the hotel (the side that faces away from Pike St.) are surprisingly quiet, when you consider how close I-5 and busy Pike St. are. If you join the (free) Wyndham ByRequest program, your high speed Internet is free, and you can select from a free array of welcome snacks and beverages that will be delivered to your room. You can also specify what sort of pillow you prefer, whether you want extra towels  hangers, etc. In short, the hotel tries to make your stay a pleasant one. The hotel is very close to the Convention Center, and a little-known stairway just steps (downhill) from the hotel's front door takes you very quickly to the Convention Center's side door and from there on to Freeway Park. There is no restaurant in the hotel, but there is a convenience store off the tiny lobby where you can buy food  drink you can take up to your room. The hotel has a complimentary breakfast in the breakfast room off the lobby. But better yet is the room service that is provided each evening by the excellent Tango Tapas restaurant about a block away. Also in the neighborhood, within easy walking distance, are Bambuza, for Vietnamese cuisine, and the Union Square Grill, an upscale chophouse. Parking is $20 per night, but this is $5/night less than the Sheraton just down the hill. If you don't have a car it is no great loss. That's because you are in downtown Seattle and there are plenty of places to walk to. Also the hotel offers a free shuttle van to drop you off and then pick you back up anywhere in the downtown core. Regarding prices, I find the best deals are on the Wyndham web site. I have stayed at the Summerfield for anywhere from $90 per night to $145 per night. Room prices seem to vary with convention center use. It is true that the hotel's public areas are getting shabby. Carpets need replacing, walls need repair, and the whole place could use a makeover. However, these minuses have not reached 'critical mass,' in my opinion. The Summerfield Suites is a great place to stay; I have already made reservations for my next trip to Seattle.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value, huge rooms This property isn't the nicest or the best location, but the rooms are huge and clean. I stay here for business a lot and can really spread out, like having an apartment while I'm away from home. The staff isn't the best, but friendly and accomodating. If you are going to the convention center, this is one block away. If you're leisure traveling, there are other great places to stay in the same rate level with more character, but for extended trips it can't be beat for the price and comfort.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>it wasn't to bad. My husband and I stayed in a 1bdrm suite with a fireplace. Once we got there we asked for a room with a balcony and without hesitation they upgraded us to a room with a fireplace. The service was superb. We checked into our room and it wasn't too bad. They were clean, spacious and comfortable. The only downside of it was the walls are way to thin. I could hear people once I walked right out from the elevator to my room. I would definitely stay here again!P.S. It's just up the street from The CheeseCake Factory yum yum!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Summerfield Suites! We stayed at the Summerfield Suites Seattle Feb. 12-14 in a one bedroom suite on the 6th floor. We arrived at the hotel around 1:30pm, and checked in. The room was being cleaned, so we waited about 20 minutes in the lobby until it was ready. The room was surprisingly large. There was a separated living room with TV, small kitchen with stove top, microwave, pots/pans, sink, dishwasher, refrigerator, and utensils. The bedroom was decent in size with a King Bed, closet, and TV. The bathroom was also large with the usual amenities (shampoo, conditioner, bath and facial soap). There were plenty of towels available and I did not need to request more.The room itself looked a little run down, but suited our needs and gave my 20 month old son enough room to run around. There was a balcony, however we did not use it. The free breakfast buffet consisted of fresh melons, canned pineapple and peaches, muffins, assorted pastries, bagels, milk, assorted cereal, and coffee. There was a good selection for my family.The hotel was just a few minutes walk from the convention center (1 block) which is why we opted to stay there. We attended the Flower and Garden Show and it was very convenient to go back and forth from the hotel to the convention center. It was about 8 blocks from Pike Place Market. There was a Rite Aid Pharmacy about 5 blocks away.Overall, we had a great stay. The only complaint I have was the room we had faced the street and highway (I-5) and it was very noisy at night. Lots of sirens from ambulances and police cars and many buses pass in front of the hotel. Kind of reminded me of New York City. So, if you are used to quiet I would request a room not facing the street.We got a rate of $99 a night through the Wyndham By Request Special on the internet. Parking was $19.50 a day. We opted for the Valet. The parking stalls were very small.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel! Just spent the weekend with my wife celebrating our anniversary and had a wonderful time. A complimentary bottle of wine greeted our arrival. The corner room was nicely furnished with a fireplace and jacuzzi tub. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The nicest service was the hotel shuttle which would take you anywhere in the downtown area for free. They drove us to the waterfront for dinner and the driver gave us a card with the number to call when we wanted to be picked up. Then they drove us to the theater. It was like having a private chauffeur for the weekend. It help make a wet weekend stay in Seattle a very pleasent experience!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>blakemoreln
<Content>Great for our family... Our family of five stayed here for two nights in August. Very pleasant stay,nothing to really complain about. Location is great, 10-15 minute walk to Pike market. We didn't drive once we parked car at the hotel.Easy access to I-5. Nice breakfast provided, fruit, rolls,etc., cereal-something for everyone. HUGE room, nice for us to spread out for a couple of nights. Kitchen nice, didn't really use except for frig and microwave (just like at home!)... Nice exercise room, small pool, with spa. Desk staff friendly, their shuttle van gave us a ride to the Mariners game. We walked back after the game-a little far, but a good walk with two teenage boys. Cheescake Factory just down the street..Right downtown, with pros and cons of being right downtown. Would stay there again..  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>front desk needs work   showReview(2944876, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 26, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad, but should have been much better   showReview(2860417, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2004
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sparkling Clean and Up to date   showReview(2283878, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>spacious but shabby   showReview(2226029, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Some great features, staff could use training   showReview(1489585, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location!   showReview(1270084, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location   showReview(1218632, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2003
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great place to stay   showReview(1217442, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Summerfield Suites-Great!   showReview(1154386, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jashultz
<Content>Very Pleasant Surprise   showReview(717910, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

