<Author>brearleygroves
<Content>Highly recommended My boyfriend and I stayed in the Langham just before Christmas (2008) and would highly recommend it to anyone looking for hotels in Boston.Location:Financial district - very central and everything was within easy walking distance.Rooms:We booked a standard room, it was a decent size, very clean and had our beds were turned down every night, small bath but great shower.Food:We had a lovely breakfast in the dining room and due to jet lag we ordered room service twice which was really nice, quick, still hot and really nicely presented.Staff:All staff were really friendly and helpful, they simply can not be faulted. We got engaged in Boston and when the hotel conceirge found this out he ordered us a limo to take us back to the airport - all paid for by the hotel and a great way to end our lovely break.I can't recommend this hotel enough - if we go back we will definately be staying here.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>stav1966
<Content>excellent! Customers are definitely at the centre of thinking at the Langham. All staf without exception were friendly, helpful, and went out of their way to give assistance in all matters of our stay. Hotel clean, very comfortable. Restaurant might be a bit pricey for some but highly recommended is the chocolate speciality that appears to be a hallmark. Less than 10 minutes walk from bus, metro and shops. A tip is a fantastic food hall 7 minutes walk away with massive choice and very cheap.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ISA51
<Content>wonderful stay Enjoyed a four day stay at the Langham. The staff was lovely - doormen even remembered our name. The spa was great - brand new and the pool and hot tub were great. We had a corner room, 801 with two double beds and a couch as well - very large room with a nice view of the park. Only would change the restaurante as was a bit pricey for the food quality but overall a great stay.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jinks
<Content>amazing! We stayed here for our honeymoon in October. The hotel was fantastic, our room was a superior and it had a brilliant view of the park opposite. The spa and the swimming pool are fabulous. The swimming pool has a glass roof ,so if you go early in the morning or late at night you can see the starry sky. The service we received at this hotel was definitely 5 star, we were treated like 'v.i.p.s' from the moment we entered the hotel, the staff couldn't do enough. The concierge is great, he most deifinitely knows his stuff, especially where to sample the most delicous food. If you stay here you have to experience the chocolate bar, it is out of this world. The location of the hotel is really ideal, five minutes from Quincy Market/Boston Harbour and with it being in the Financial district it is nice and quiet at night. The hotel surpassed all my expectations, we will definitely visit again.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>iggie394
<Content>Nice I got a very good deal through Hotwire, so needless to say, I was thrilled to stay here for $155 a night. The hotel was lovely, though I did not check out the restaurant or any of the facilities. My room was very small but nice. The bellman was very friendly and helpful. The location was convenient for me, as it was a short walk to Downtown Crossing for my conference.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveler123xyz
<Content>Poor service We went to the Langham's chocolate bar in their Cafe Fleuri. Although the chocolate desserts were pretty good, the service in the restaurant was horrible. We were seated far from the section where the chocolates were, even though we were the second ones in line when it opened and the restaurant was nowhere near being filled up. The waiter took forever to take our drink orders, and then we waited another eternity before the drinks actually came. No one ever came around to check how we were doing (i.e. if we needed a refill).  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>legend2x
<Content>Surprisingly disappointed We have stayed here before and previous stays were great. That is the reason why we came back again. However, we were disappointed this time.We reserved 'Superior Room' in previous stays and this time as well. However, the room turned out to be different from the past. It is a King Sized Bed in a 'Classic Room', about 270 ft'. We then questioned the front desk. He replied that 'this room is categorized as one of the superior rooms. He was sorry but nothing can be done. We paid more for the 'Superior Room', but got the same space of Classic Room.Another issue was with the house-keeping. Around 11AM in the morning, I left the room and saw the house-keeping cleanning next door. We had the 'Do Not Disturb' sign while my wife was still in the room. Not long after I left the room, my wife heard someone knocking on the door lightly. She ignored it since the sign was up. Next thing you know, the house-keeping came in. My wife was very upset because she was still in the bathroom getting ready. The house-keeping lady apologized and said she did not see the sign, then left. To us, that's unacceptable. It's their daily job. How can they not see the big pink sign on the door knob?? Later, we reported to the front desk. There are many hotels in the same area for the same cost. We feel that we overpaid and had no privacy. We will no longer stay here in the future.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	3	-1	3	

<Author>tropicalfan
<Content>Langham is Lovely Stayed here for 3 nights in early November in a deluxe king room. The hotel is centrally located between Faneuil Hall and Downtown Crossing, easy walking distance to the North End and Boston Common. The room was spacious, with comfy bed and luxurious appointments. The bathroom was excellent, with big, fluffy towels and bathrobes, slippers and nice toiletries. We tried to get spa reservations but they were booked- if you are interested I would make appointments in advance. Staff were friendly and helpful, and the common spaces of the hotel were beautifully decorated and well maintained. This is an excellent choice to stay for sightseeing in Boston.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Elpis
<Content>Delightful Thoroughly enjoyed myself here. We were upgraded to a duplex suite because of the building works opposite, which was pretty magnificent. I recommend the Sunday brunch at Cafe Fleuri as much for its entertainment value - the themed food stands and chefs - as for the food itself, but it calls for a big appetite. The check-out clerk was a little surly and the standard breakfast somewhat minimal (in an effort to persuade you to order a la carte, I assume), but the hotel is very pleasantly Bostonian. Fabulous pool. The jacuzzi was out of order during my visit.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	4	2	

<Author>julieturner
<Content>what a lovely building Booked this through Trailfinders we are a family of 4 with 2 teenagers. My sons enjoyed the pool but were frowned upon by people just sat by the pool ( i could understand it if they were messing about but they were in apool swimming and racing one another). However the hotel itself is nice and the room was quiet too and comfortable. It was interesting to read that one reviewer found their ipod missing as we had put 2 mobile phones on charge on the desk in the room, when my son came to use his he found it wasnt there. (his earphones were there of which he kept them together) we pointed this out to security but nothing was found . Perhaps if someone from the hotel happens to read this they could investigate if other items are going 'astray' . I must admit i did prefer the Hilton at Back Bay  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>EGEM
<Content>Excellent hotel Excellent stay! Rooms are spacious and very clean. Beds are extremely comfortable. There is turndown every night. Internet is fast, although there is a daily fee for using it. Cafe Fleuri offers an excellent Sunday Brunch at $55. Room service is fast and food well presented, although a little pricey. Housekeeping staff was very polite. I had to stay in the room most of the day for business and they never disturbed me. Reception was also polite and very helpful with our requests. Location is really nice if you want to spend your day shopping at Macy's or the Faneuil Hall. I would definitely recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>kimw
<Content>Very nice hotel Had actually prepaid for a room at a nearby hotel and when I got in late they told me they were completely sold out and had moved me to the Langham Hotel. The Langham actually seemed nicer than the hotel I was supposed to stay at. The entire staff that I encountered there was all very polite and helpful. In addition, they kept apologizing for the inconvienence when it was not even them that had moved me. The valet parking is a little expensive $42, but lucikly the 1st hotel had compensated me for that. The room was clean and the bed was very comfortable. The location was good, many sites Boston Commons, Fanieul Hall and others were within 10 minute walk. i would definitely stay there again or recommend to someone.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>phillywe
<Content>Helpful and friendly staff Comfortable well furnished rooms and one of the quietest hotel rooms I have stayed in. Front desk staff were friendly and helpful as were the bar and restaurant staff. The two front door men were exceptional, always happy and helpful even in the dreadful weather Boston experienced during the whole 4 days.A well run hotel with pleasant helpful staff, a lot of whom have worked at the hotel for many years - always the sign of a good hotel.Boston is not one of my favourite city's but the Langham made it enjoyable.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lovefromca
<Content>Lovely Langham! We stayed at the Langham in Boston and it was great! The staff was friendly and very helpful (especially the concierge!) and their new spa was so relaxing! The hotel used to be the old Federal Reserve Bank building so it was pretty cool to be staying in such a historical hotel. I definitely recommend their chocolate bar on Saturdays, definitely worth the calories!!!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>79Rome
<Content>it's okay good Hotel, too overpriced though. Room was nice (I got a suite due to an overbooking problem) , staff was nice but too bad they don't have wi fi connection in the rooms.Location is good, close to attractions.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BigDontour
<Content>An elegant hotel We stayed at the Langham on the recommendation of our Trailfinders agent. They had a package of free room upgrade and four nights for the price of three. The hotel is situated in the financial district of Boston which meant the area was very quiet over the weekend. The Fanueil Market and Quincy Market were only a ten minute walk away as was the closest subway and Boston Common.The more popular and lively area of Back Bay was a ten minute subway trip away. The hotel was very clean and the staff very friendly. Our travelling companions were given a room initially without an outlook and when they asked for a change this was done without any issues. The beds were very comfortable and linen was changed every day if requested. We only ate in the bar area but the food was excellent if in the medium plus price range, The pool is quite small with a jacuzzi.I would recomment this hotel more for older couples although there were a couple of honeymooners. It also seemed to have a fair number of business residents.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>dotMayo_Ireland
<Content>Really great hotel! Stay In the Langham for 4 nights in July, it was super. We were checked in easily and our room was really clean and tidy. We did, however,eat breakfast in the hotel one morning and it cost us $70!!! It was rather expensive for what we recieved.There was a turn down service every night and chocolate were left our our pillows. There is a gym and pool, although the pool was very cold, the gym was lovely. The concierge is extremely helpful. The Langham is an ideal place to stay as it is close to all the local shops, bars etc but it is very quiet.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Tio-man
<Content>great stay       hotel entrance  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Holleeds
<Content>Good except for Reception staff We really enjoyed our three night stay in Boston. The hotel is very good and, whilst I appreciate its position in the financial district means it is rather quiet, it is so easy to walk to everywhere. The room was lovely. Our first morning was a Sunday and the buffet breakfast was good albeit with a limited choice. However, after that the breakfast was al a carte - very unusual in a hotel nowadays. It was still good food but it does make it slow, so if you are in hurry, I'd recommend going somewhere else. We would have had nothing but praise if it hadn't been for the Reception staff. When we checked in we were politely, but disinterestedly, greeted. On leaving we pointed out that we had not been charged for the first breakfast. The clerk said he couldn't add it on 'now ' - as if it had been our fault, and then told us we'd 'got away with it'. I wish I could say he was joking about it but he wasn't. After that,he didn't even bother to say goodbye let alone 'Have a nice day'. That said, the Vietnamese porter was lovely and the Restaurant staff were very pleasant.Overall Boston is a lovely city to visit.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>poohneller
<Content>Great deal on the Langham! My husband and I traveled to Boston to celebrate my fortieth birthday. We stayed at the Langham for two of our five nights (the other three were at the Intercontinental). I booked the room through Hotwire for $154 per night - a SUPER deal for this wonderful hotel. I did research several hotels for this trip and chose the two listed because my husband and I have very different tastes. I like the smaller, more personal, classic hotels while he likes the larger, more contemporary . My favorite of the two was the Langham, especially with the deal we got. Our room was by the elevator, but we did not hear any noise at all. The room was a bit smaller than our room at the Intercontinental, but it was nice. The towels are amazing (HUGE and plush), and the toiletries were great. We had breakfast in the restaurant and it was good, although a bit pricey. The concierge was helpful in giving us three good restaurant choices nearby, and we took his advice and enjoyed our meal. The doorman hailed us a cab since it was raining. We had a GREAT experience and would definitely go there again.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ginger1976
<Content>Lovely hotel I found this hotel to be in a very good location, yes it's in the financial district, but the markets and Faniuel Hall were a 2 minute walk away and Boston Common and downtown Boston weren't too far either.The rooms were a nice size and had everything you would need for a comfortable stay. Bathroom was lovely. Very clean hotel.We didn't see many other guests while we were here, but that's not necessarily a bad thing!The concierge and prorter were both very helpful and the front desk staff polite and obligling too.We had breakfast here one day that came to a staggering $75! But we knew the prices before we ordered so can't say we didn't know.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>bvilla
<Content>Not such a great experience My husband I went here for a special evening out on the town. Upon arrival we were told we had a beautiful corner room overlooking the park. The room was quite nice and it was in fact facing the park. However, in the morning I noticed some little worm type bugs crawling around the bathroom floor, many of them disappeared under the door onto the carpet outside of the door - this just grossed me out so we checked out early. We left our car with the valet the evening before and when we got our car in the morning, we found that our ipod had disappeared from the vehicle. Overall the staff was not very helpful and/or with the room situation. I honestly can say that I will not stay at this hotel in the city again. There are many we will choose first like The Liberty, InterContinental, etc. The Langham is in a great location to walk to the Faneuil Hall and the Waterfront. I also found the lobby furniture to be in pretty rough shape, it really could use a new look.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Ivana_8
<Content>Not for travellers! The website told that the hotel was perfectly located in downtown Boston, instead I found out that it was in the heart of the financial district, only surrounded by high buildings filled with offices and banks, in a nest of small roads and very difficoult to find each time I walked back to it.Aside from that, the Hotel itself was filled with buisnessmen, so at the Caf猫 Fleuri,the refined restaurant, it turned out to be that I was infact seated at the worse table, not being rated as an A costumer, wearing my shorts and sandals, instead of executive dresses.Also the reception was rather uptight and seemed not easy with the fact that I was travelling alone.It all seemed very unconfortable to me, considering that from the website this Hotel seemed to be the perfect place to stay as a tourist for a pleasant visit to Boston.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>incrediblepie
<Content>4 stars with an attitude problem I booked two nights in this place during 4th of July weekend and could not wait to get away. In a world where hotels are all beginning to look the same the end difference is the service and how one is treated. This is where the Langham fails miserably. Lets get the good out of the way first...clean rooms, nice room styling, well equipped gym and pool (small) and in middle of financial district.On the negative side...room was tiny, minbar was v v overpriced even for a four star hotel. But the cherry on the cake must be the staff.I was met a the door by a rude and abrupt consierge who ordered me to hurry up when I checked in case I left my car too long in front of hotel. Same gentleman decided not to hold the door open when we dragged our luggage through the hotel to reception. We decided to ask at the consierge desk for advice on where we could find a restaurant...sum total of their help was a map and we are here pointed at the map. Thanks. Floor staff were more like accusing bouncers looking for a reason to have a power trip rather than helpful courteous staff.With an early flight I rang down to reception for a taxi only to be told abruptly that there was a taxi rank outside the hotel and I should be able to call it myself. Thanks again.Whole hotel needs a crash course in common courtesy. If a hotel claims to be 4 star it needs to act like it all over. No point in promoting an old world hotel charm (which they clearly dont have ) having arrogant bully boy staff on the floor incapable of smiling or being courteous unless you slip them a $5 tip!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>The_Deacons
<Content>Good hotel, great location, but getting tired For such a great city, I'm surprised that Boston doesn't have any world beating hotels. However, it does have a couple of very good hotels and the Langham is one of them.It's in a great location for both business and pleasure, with all of the key attractions within walking distance.The staff are good (particularly the concierge), but the hotel itself is starting to tire a little. The rooms need a spruce up and the bathrooms are ready for replacement.Surprisingly, for a hotel that is primarily positioned for the corporate market, the business centre is housed in the gift shop and has only one pc.They're not automatically geared up for kids, but they did step up to the plate.Worth staying here for a good experience, but don't expect greatness.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>TravelAndShoes
<Content>Pefection. Darned near perfect! I loved the Langham and only wish I could have stayed longer. Location is very convenient and central. The staff was absolutely efficient and capable. I loved how the mirror in the bathroom featured a square in the middle that didn鈥檛 fog up after a shower.After a long trip it was wonderful to enter the plush room, beautifully furnished, soft music on the iPod clock, fresh bathrobe, slippers and turn-down chocolates at hand. They were good about keeping my late check-in (nearly midnight) and I appreciated that check-out was a leisurely 1:00 pm.My only teensy-tiny complaint was that I never did figure out how to open my room鈥檚 angled window curtains.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>biztravelerChicago
<Content>Great location An exceptionally comfortable bed with perfect down pillows and crisp, ironed sheets. The rooms are not particularly spacious but adequate. Excellent room service -- expensive but very good food and a wonderful waiter. The cooling system was awful -- the temperature is preset to 78 degrees and you have to have building engineering come around to rout around in the ceiling before you can use the in-room thermostat. The temp did cool down after several hours, but it was nonetheless annoying since the outside temp was a comfortable 68 degrees but the windows don't open. Construction across the street featured an outdoor generator that roared until 11 p.m. each night, making sleep impossible, but that was beyond the hotel's control. Ask for a room away from construction, though. Concierge service was good, but the morning fellow needs a reality check about who's wearing the borrowed blazer.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	2	

<Author>txrelaw
<Content>Beautiful and convenient hotel       Robes and slippers  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gung_ho_in_TO
<Content>Nice hotel in a good location The Langham was a nice hotel. It's really close to the airport (expected a pricey cab ride) but its in a good location too. I was there for business so didn't get to see the neighbourhood much but things seemed within walking distance (with respect to the business district, at least). The room was a good size. The decor and furnishings seemed good too. I ordered room service (pizza) and I thought it was good (albeit a bit soggy). The clam chowder in the hotel bar was good as was lunch in the hotel restaurant. The staff was very helpful with packages we had delivered to the hotel as well as suggesting dining suggestions to grab a bite and watch the hockey game. There's a few pubs within a few blocks of the hotel to relax and those wishing to eat a casual meal outside of the hotel. Overall, a very nice hotel with courteous staff. I would recommend it.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Matt_Sweden
<Content>Much better than you can expect The perfect hotell for anyone who wants quality. Me and my grilfriend stayed there for one night and it was perfect. We payed 250$ and it was priceless.The room was najs and in every detail perfect. From the hair saloon hairdryer to the coffee machine. A tip is that the hotell has complimentary shoeshining. Just put your shoes in a shoe bag on your door and they will be deliverd before 6 AM on your door!! The pool area was closed but from the photos you could learn that it would definatley be worth a visit just for the new area.So go there while if you can find a good price!!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>k_a_x_38
<Content>Great service in Boston's Versailles! OK, so the decor is a bit twee... not sure who authorised the use of all the flamboyant decorations and pink business cards.... but anyway, we were there for a few nights in March 2008 and we arrived very late at night WITHOUT our luggage (another Heathrow fiasco!) so the staff were absolutely excellent in doing a speedy laundry service for us for the clothes we were wearing to be ready for us the next morning.Concierge was outstanding - (and one of their business cards even says that he won an award for outstanding service - which I totally believe!) they came to know me as the 'lady with no luggage!. Excellent advice for shopping - thanks guys!The hotel is huge - and the corridors with endless doors remind you that you're a number. Large lobby with comfy couches. Good location. Very trendy, busy bar.There was snow on the ground when we were there and so Conceriege advised the best ways to get to different shopping areas if I did not want to walk.Speedy reservation service for dinner at a great italian restaurant near the hotel - would highly recomment the restaurant... and also this hotel. The gym was closed for renovations - so that should be good when it opens.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>Tilly&Kyle
<Content>Clean Room but thats it. Let me say this upfront: we got a room there for about a quarter of the normal price on Hotwire.com. For that price it was a perfect bargain.If you are going to pay the going rate for this hotel I would go else where.Your money will get you a clean room (a little bit small but hey it is Boston) and polite staff and that is it. Just about everything else costs extra. For a premium quality hotel I was surprised that they didn't offer free internet access, had a limited cable offering, and the prices for breakfast in your room were ridiculous ($23 for toast and juice? you're kidding me right?). You'd think for the rate of a premium hotel they might have have at least upgraded the soaps or something. If you want to stay in Boston and are looking to splurge on a stay look for another premium brand, the Langham wasn't any better than any of the higher end chains that cater to the business traveler (minus the amenities).  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	4	4	4	1	

<Author>shawnandlala
<Content>Service Wonderful/ Pricey My husband and I stayed here overnight and we were very pleased. The hotel is beautiful and the service is wonderful. We were so impressed by the nightly turn down service we left an extra tip for that specific maid. I expected the bed to be turned down from other reviews but what i did not expect was our clothes to be picked up and folded, my curling iron to be wrapped up and robes and slippers put out. They just went above and beyond, it was very nice. I do think some things there are a overpriced $14 Martini's (although there are 100 to choose from and very good) the dining room menu's are very overpriced especially for breakfast/room service, two eggs and juice were outrageslouly priced at around $29. Overall the rooms are clean and beds are extremely comfortable. Would highly recommend.....  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lip89
<Content>Nice hotel in downtown with very nice rooms and close to everything! I stayed here with a girlfriend during the summer and really liked this hotel. It sits directly in downtown Boston's financial district and if you catch this area on a weekend it is a ghost town. It is close to all the hot spots of Boston including blocks away from famous Quincy Market, the waterfront and the Boston Common. All within walking distance. The interior is very nice with upscale lobby and very nice restaurants. One of these restaurants has a Saturday afternoon chocolate bar and for thirty five dollars you can eat all sort of chocolate samples. The staff is nice although seemed a bit snobby for my taste. The check in process was painless, but in asking for help they acted disturbed. The rooms were very nice with a nice bathroom and very spacious. Seeing that this place is close by to everything, I would highly recommend it. Bring your wallet though, it is not the cheapest place in the city to stay.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>DEfamilyman
<Content>great hotel Stayed at Langham for a meeting. A conveniently located hotel, very well kept, nice staff. Room clean and QUIET! Helpful staff. Easy walk to AMTRAK which is nice. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bobbinuk
<Content>Fantastic Hotel and Wonderful Staff! The location of the Langham is just perfect to get around and about in the city and is within 5-10 mins walk of Quincy market. Our deluxe room was located on one of the higher floors and was very spacious, it was clean and turn down was done every night, the slippers and the dressing gowns were handy for the visits to the pool which was well maintained, it was lovely to relax with some complimentary refreshments around the pool and then make use of the Jacuzzi, we didn鈥檛 venture to the gym! The staff were really helpful throughout the hotel and in particular the concierge team really went out of their way to help and came up with some very good recommendations for Breakfast and Dinner. We had breakfast at the hotel on our last day and it was excellent. The Langham has a lovely atmosphere and is steeped in history, it is elegant and luxurious without being pretentious, and we really enjoyed the piano bar for cocktails where the staff were attentive whilst letting us relax and take in the surroundings. We thoroughly enjoyed our visit and would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Maureen76
<Content>Oasis of tranquility We stayed for 3 nights from 10 - 13th January 2008. What a lovely hotel. We arrived late on Thursday night. Check-In was swift and efficient. We were on the 8th Floor in a Double Superior Room. After we settled into our lovely room we went to the cocktail bar for drinks and something to eat. It was lovely. We returned on 2 other occasions. We were served by Nancy - a lovely lady who has been working in this hotel for 20+ years. Her knowledge of the history of the hotel and interest in her job was outstanding and it is people like Nancy that make this hotel a very personal experience. We had breakfast in the restaurant on 2 mornings. It is in a quiet location but within walking distance of most attractions. If you are staying in the hotel on a Sunday make sure to book your table for the Sunday Jazz Brunch. It is amazing - Oh My God - what a selection of top class food. We will definitely return to this hotel in the future.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>TomMQuinn
<Content>Quality Hotel conveniently located I have stayed at this hotel several times for business. My office is a short walk away so the location is very convenient. The rooms are very nice - a tad small but clean and well-appointed. Room service menu is very good, as are the restaurants and the bar.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Tinkerbelldee
<Content>Great Hotel We loved the Langham. We had corresponded with the Dan at the Concierge desk for several weeks before our stay and he was wonderful. The staff was amazing, never missing an opportunity to make sure that we were perfectly satisfied with our stay.The room was a little on the small side but no detail was missed. The turn down service was very nice.Late night room service was not only quick but very good.The best part of our stay was the ability to just block out everything for a restful nights sleep. The drapes blocked out all light and the walls must be made of lead because we never heard a peep from the hallway or the rooms next to us.We loved the Langham and will return.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>pmmom
<Content>Wonderful Stay! Hubby and I stayed at this hotel for 1 night for my birthday. We paid for the next cheapest room, but got upgraded to a junior suite, when my husband told them it was my birthday. The suite was wonderful. The bed was so comfortable. There were free slippers and other feebies. The room was very clean and very nice. The staff was very nice. Breakfast was included with our package and that was yummy. I can't really say anything bad. It was a wonderful stay for us.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>frito15
<Content>Outstanding stay......so nice! This lovely historic hotel was wonderful for our stay. It had a quiet elegance without ever trying too hard. The staff was very friendly and extra helpful. The room was very spacious for the two of us. I can not stress to you the comfort level of the bed. It was literally the best sleep that I have had in a hotel. We did feel very private and the hotel was quiet and calm. It was so nice with the bustle of the downtown right outside the front door.The location was great and was easily in walking distance to practically anything. The only negative was the parking situation, but that seems to be pretty typical for downtown Boston. The doormen were very helpful about it and told us the most economical way to go. We will be back to Boston and will also return to the Langham. It was a lovely hotel.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>UKJosie
<Content>Family of 4 - fantastic A family of 4 from the UK with children aged 12 and 13 staying for the weekend...This was booked as a deal with Trailfinders in October using BA flights. We arrived late on the Friday night and check in was very easy. We had requested interconnecting rooms when we booked and this was arranged for us with no problems.The rooms on the 5th flloor were great - one double room and one room with 2 queen size beds. Spacious and well equipped with everything you could want.At the weekend there is a buffet breakfast which we had. The staff were fantastic - very friendly and welcoming especially as our 13 year old was classed as a 12 year for the sake of the bill. Plenty of choice and never ending coffee (the tea is just average).We booked in for the Jazz Brunch on the Sunday which was delicious. Huge amounts of food and so much choice, we didn't eat for the rest of the day.The swimming pool is currently undergoing a refit so we couldn't take a swim but that didn't really matter to us.The hotel is in a good location and we could walk everywhere. We did take a taxi from the airport and back again and that only took about 15 mins..We found all the staff to be extremely pleasant and helpful and ready to stop for a chat.The hotel seemed to be quite empty at the weekend but on the Monday it had soon filled up with business customers.To conclude - a great hotel in an historic building, all the staff were welcoming and friendly, a good location and we would love to go back.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>silverthief2
<Content>Nice hotel, great location I visited the Langham with my bf for one night on November 14-15, for a job offer trip. The location was perfect, right down the street from One Int'l Place, where he had his meetings. The room was on the second floor and was comfortable, though nothing over the top.The bellhops were kind of hit-or-miss. They graciously helped me figure out which cabs accepted the vouchers I had, however, when we arrived one of them pulled a backpack out of the trunk of our cab and placed it on the (wet) sidewalk. I wasn't too happy about that. Similarly, the concierge staff were great when I checked in a bag, but took a long time for no apparent reason to retrieve it when I returned. I'd probably stay here again if I needed to be in this area of Boston.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	2	4	

<Author>omarita
<Content>the best experience i had the pleasure of staying in the langham hotel on the long weekend of thanksgiving 2007.as the relative i was planning to visit died a few weeks before, it could have been a sad occurrence. instead i had the best experience i could have wished for.to start with, i was out of the airport in about 15 minutes. never happened before! immediately a friendly taxi. at the langham in about 15 minutes. no traffic. great.at the desk some very competent and pleasant gentlemen, among which especially anton and salim stood out.my room, 711, an upgrade via trailfinders uk, a delight.very clean (i'm dutch - so very important!), great lookout through the window wall at those unimaginable skyscrapers (again, not to be seen in the netherlands), great bed and nice sitting area.fridaynight my relative's daughter and i had a tasty and quiet dinner in the excellent restaurant.saturday-and sundaymorning, by that time hungry again, i enjoyed the lovely breakfastbuffet from 7.00 am especially the fresh fruit section, the eggs benedict without ham, as requested,and the double espresso's warmed me up for the day.shopping at macy's and tj maxx and border's was five minutes away and an (inexpensive) joy.sundaynight a few young friends and i had the best chinese food in the specially recommended peach farm restaurant in chinatown, another five minutes from the hotel.then the concierge section: i have never before experiencedsuch professional, all-out and personal assistence before. mr. william and his competent staff helped me with all my requests. and there were quite a few, from sending tlc packages to a pregnant daughter in arizona to obtaining a special schnapps liquer, bank privileges and grocery-and drugstore sprees. even storing my purchases in a special freezer for safe keeping.i am quite an experienced traveler. in europe as well as in the us, where i lived for over 20 years.i want to recommend the langham hotel and its excellent staff to everyone with a wish to be pampered and taken care ofindiscriminately. sincerely, rita serphos, leiden, the netherlands.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Poodles65
<Content>Business stay Stayed on business for 4 days. Room was very nice, comfortable bed but not as good as the Westin Heavenly bed. Turn-down service with a robe and slippers which was a nice touch. Stayed on the higher floors with the slanted windows which was unique. Nice sitting area by the windows. This is an older but very well kept hotel. You are treated like a special guest and there is plenty of staff around. Concierge was very helpful - pretty much knew everything. Location is closer to the historical sites, but far from great shopping, although Washington street isn't far where you would find DSW and Filene's basement. Also, since this is the financial district, everything closes down after 6:00pm. Was stuck looking for a drug store, although there were 5 in our area, all were closed.Ate in the restaurant once for breakfast - this is where the service lacked. Only one waitress for about 10 tables. The other staff were too busy getting the brunch service ready. This was our only disappointment, otherwise a very nice hotel.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Scallywag
<Content>Just another big city hotel When we arrived at around 2pm we were told the room was not ready. This was fair enough as check in time was 3pm so we went  had lunch. When we returned an hour or so later we were told they were still cleaning the room. It subsequently transpired that some muppet had smoked in the room which was non-smoking. We hung around a bit longer  then suggested we go to the room to see just how bad it was( we have done this once before at another hotel when a similar situation arose). But were given a blunt no by a surly receptionist. We persisted but were told that housekeeping wouldn't let us. After I asked who ran the hotel housekeeping or the management they relented  took us to the room.The smoke smell was too much  by the time we got down to reception a lovely young lady had already juggled the bookings to give us the one next door. Why they did not do this in the first place I do not know. Alan who checked us in was extremely diplomatic but his sidekick on reception needs a lesson in customer relations. There was an indication that there would be a gesture of goodwill for our inconvenience. A bottle of wine would have been nice but when we checked out they even charged us the $2 for the access to two freephone nos. that we had dialled. A mark of any business is how they handle things when they go wrong. The Langham did not handle this well. If you book a loft-suite be warned it's on the second floor so you get road noise plus the shrill pitch of the doormans whistle which at times can be constant  is intrusive  annoying. Additionally, at certain times of day first thing  late afternoon there was what sounded like furniture being dragged around on a hard floor above us. We checked upstairs but was just a room which would have been carpeted so we never did fathom what all that was about. Finally,  this applies to all hotels - why are they so mean with tea bags. They waste money changing soap, toilet rolls etc. daily but only leave you two teabags.The guys on the concierge desk especially Sean were always helpful  friendly,  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>Migizi
<Content>Nice hotel, great location, pricey This was a 2 night weekend stay to see the heart of Boston. Hotels downtown in Boston are never cheap, and we actually went the Hotwire route in this case. The rates for this property are typically high, like $300 a night at the standard room level. Review...GOOD:--Great location, walking distance to a lot of the good stuff to see--Nice property, classy and elegant all around--Rooms are very nice, comfortable and well-appointed--Service is excellent--Sunday brunch was among the best I've hadBAD:--Pricey, unless you get lucky--Rooms are a bit small--Sunday brunch was also far and away the most expensive I've hadOverall, I'd say if the rate is within your budget, and particularly if you can get a good deal, this is a fantastic hotel to choose.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Meem1
<Content>Langham Had a lovely stay in the lovely Langham for one Saturday night. The hotel and rooms were comfortable, beautiful, quiet and clean.The hotel was easy to find with a reasonably priced public parking garage around the corner. The doormen and car valets were very helpful with directions and assistance. Check in and check out were both pleasant and easy. The head of housekeeping was especially helpful and took care of a problem immediately.We had very little contact with other hotel staff. Hotel is tailored to business travelers and is located in the financial district.It was an easy walk to the Quincy Market and parts of the Freedom Trail. The restaurant was nothing special the night we were there. However, we missed the Saturday Chocolate event and Sunday Buffet. Maybe next time. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Davehere
<Content>Well located - superior service Looking for something not too pricey in EXPENSIVE Boston for a quick weekend. $300/nite for the 3 of us in 2 beds seemed the best we could do in the centre of town. Room turned out to be very nice, well appointed and with plenty of space. Staff very pleasant every time we needed something from them. Only problems, very small, no complimentary mouthwash when requested and drinks in charming bar were outrageously overpriced - but the bar area was striking so we didn't feel too ripped-off in the end. Had seen other reviews not so favorable - don't know where they're coming from. Our hotel experiences generally in Europe and this compares very favorably although more expensive (as are all US properties.)  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>gillianholt
<Content>The brunch has to be seen to be believed My husband and I spent 2 wonderful weekends at the Langham. The rooms were large and very clean. The king size beds amongst the most comfortable we have slept in. Room service was fast , delicious, how do you serve wood grilled lobster without overcooking it? The concierge has recently won the award for the best concierge in Boston and all of the staff went out of their way to make us feel very welcome. We will definitely be back to the Langham  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>L0nd0nChick
<Content>A pretty decent 4*, in a great location The hotel was very pleasant, with all of the amenities you would expect at a 4*. The pool is fairly small, and the jazuzzi was crammed with children (on a Saturday evening) so that was a little dissapointing, especially as the signs clearly stated 'no children' and the member of staff choose to ignore the situation. The bar food was excellent, especially the freshly made pizzas available until midnight. It is in a great location, where you can easily walk to the harbour, ferry tours and around the financial district of Boston. It is a short walk to the Faneuil Hall and Quincy market areas.A 15 minute walk to the ICA gallery, so you can see how much you are able to see by foot.Car parking over the weekend is $9 per day - but beware of week times where the rates become extraordinary, as it is in the heart of Boston's financial district.We booked through hotwire.com for $270, and when we arrived at the hotel we were upgraded to a kingsize room, from the queen we originally had been allocated - good value for the heart of Boston.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>London_Lady79
<Content>Terribly rude service!! This was the second time I stayed at this hotel, the first time a few months ago there was a very rude lady on reception and when I checked in there she was again - just as rude and patronising! Not a very nice welcome! The bar man (Steve) was also extremely rude and the service was the worst I have ever experienced in any bar and/or hotel anywhere in the world. I will not stay here a third time and will definitely book the Intercontinental which is where we spent most of our time as we had been told by the Langham concierge to go there as they had stopped serving dinner and drinks in the evening! The Intercontinental was a dream - I even tried to change hotels but they had no space!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	3	4	1	1	3	

<Author>akoser
<Content>Good Boston Hotel Visited the Langham Boston on a business trip the night of September 18. This was my third stay at this property and I enjoyed my stay each time. Check in/out was a breeze and my room and bathroom were impeccably clean. Great location for business travelers. I'll most certainly stay here on my next trip to Boston.My only suggestion is that it's time to move out the $199 Wal-Mart television and move in the flat panel. The Langham isn't cheap, the TV shouldn't be either.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>melissaidan
<Content>Not as good as expected.. We spent 2 nights at the Langham at the end of a wonderful fortnight exploring North and South of Boston (from Gloucester to Cape Cod). We decided that we would treat ourselves to one of the better hotels in the City, to mark the end of our trip and our daughters' school holidays. We picked the Langham, based mainly on the reviews we found on Tripadvisor, but have to say that it did not live up to our expectations. Maybe these were too high, but we have stayed in a wide range of different rented accommodation, at a range of prices, and believe we have a fairly accurate idea of what to expect for our money. The hotel was relatively expensive but our room - a double double - felt cramped and would not have been somewhere we would have wanted to stay for more than the 2 nights we spent there. Cleaniness was good, and the swimming pool more than adequate for a quick splash around after a busy day sight-seeing. As we stayed over Labor Weekend, many of the coffee shops and delis around the hotel were closed so we ate breakfast in the Cafe Fleuri - very expensive for what was, although extensive, a not very appetising selection of cooked food. The waiting staff were polite and friendly, but needed to be asked for refills of coffee more than once. Indeed, pretty much all the staff we met were helpful and accommodating - apart from the rather rude gentleman who checked us in. Having arrived at the hotel before the 3pm check-in time, we were advised by the person at Reception that our room would be ready within the half-hour. Rather than have house-keeping rush to get things done, we said that we would leave our luggage with the Concierge and spend a few hours getting lunch, walking around the harbour etc. We returned more than 3 hours later - and after 3pm - to be told our room wasn't ready and it would be about half an hour before we could get in. When we explained the position and asked whether there was another room we could have, the receptionist relucantly, and with little grace, managed to find us something; in a hotel of this calibre, we might have expected that this was an action that would have been willingly offered rather than one grudgingly agreed to.Because of its location, there is little external noise, and we did not notice noise coming through the walls etc from other rooms so we had restfull nights. And, again because of its location, we were able to explore the city with ease.The Langham is not somewhere we would go back to, but it was not quite as awful as one or two reviews on here might suggest.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>Difficult2please
<Content>Top Staff make for a great stay at the Langham From the moment we arrived on 19th July, we knew booking the Langham for our 4 night city break had been no mistake. We had reserved a deluxe double double (for 4 of us) and save for the fact that double beds in the US must be smaller than double beds in the UK, the room was generous and spotless. (Next time it will be double queensize.) Front of house staff but particularly the concierges made our stay so easy. Nothing was too much trouble and all their recommendations were real winners. We stayed Thursday thru Monday and the hotel (and surroundings) were fairly quiet over the weekend, which suited us, but possibly not to everyone's liking. Breakfast is too pricey and we ate out Friday and Monday mornings. Saturday and Sundays they offer a Buffet breakfast with kids at half price - this makes the cost more palatable and, so long as you are at your table by 9.30, its a leisurely affair. We ate in on Saturday night too (since our legs would not take us any further) and again,the pricing at Cafe Fleurie was tolerable given their generous approach to charges for the kids meals. Wouldn't waste time looking elsewhere if in Boston again - just go straight to the Langham.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>frsan
<Content>Langham hotel in july We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in July. As we are a family of four (inc 2 children) we booked a suite with 2 double beds. The first mistake was assuming that double meant queen - probably our mistake but other guests should bear this in mind as the beds were small.We arrived at around 3pm as check-in is stated as from 3pm. This was another mistake as check-in is at the discretion of the hotel from 3pm rather than meaning that the rooms are ready after 3pm. We stood in a long queue with other guests facing the same problem. The whole check-in became a sorry draw-out joke. The desk manager promised that the hotel manager would contact me once I complained but I never heard anything. I mentioned this when I checked out and again was told that the hotel manager would email me (which never happened).The pool was good and my children enjoyed that.The restaurant staff were very helpful and made alterations to the menu to accomodate my children. However, the food was expensive.The conceige was helpful but seemed busy quite often. The staff who carried our luggage were friendly and prompt.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	1	4	-1	

<Author>chriswin
<Content>Faded elegance and too overpriced I was quite excited to stay at the Langham - Hotwire rates the hotel as 4.5 stars and I got a great price. However, after my stay I can say I was unimpressed. Here are my comments:The rooms were nice but nothing spectacular. I did like that a bathrobe was provided, and even slippers! However, there wasn't a pen but rather a pencil. Who writes postcards or letters using a pencil? Staff did come in to the room in the evening to provide chocolates and the next day's weather.Room service was way overpriced. $25 for breakfast before delivery fees, service charges, etc. My calculation was it would really be close to $36 by the time all the additional charges were added on.The cocktail lounge was old world elegance and there was a piano player, but $14 for a martini? Come on!One the biggest disappointments for me was the afternoon tea. I had never attended one before so thought this would be the perfect opportunity to do so. I emailed the hotel and received a reply that I should book well in advance. When I showed up, there were only 2 other people there and it didn't change the whole time I was there. In addition, it must have been between lunch and dinner because staff was changing the chairs at the tables around mine, making a lot of banging noises for what I think should have been a peaceful, quite experience.The newspaper provided was a financial newspaper from London, I think. Why not a local paper?Internet service is $10 for 24-hours. Not bad, although I didn't use it.Then, after confirming the charges to my room and receiving my final bill, I checked my credit card account online a few days later to find an additional charge for $4.55. I contacted my credit card company to dispute the charge and they have removed it for now. What could I possibly have purchased or used that would only cost $4.55 at a hotel that charges $25 for breakfast? I bet I couldn't even get coffee for that!All in all, I felt this was a hotel trying too hard to rely on its faded, old world elegance. That, combined with its location, make it not a place I will look to stay at unless I can continue to get a great deal.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	3	

<Author>turistaamericana
<Content>Great location, great staff, expensive restaurant We booked this hotel through Orbitz so we got a deal on flight and hotel stay. It was very elegant, clean and the hotel staff is very friendly, efficient and helpful. The concierge helped us book day trips, etc. You can't beat the location; everything is just a short walk away. Our only complaint was the prices in the restaurant (well, and the service there). Our first morning there we ate breakfast in the hotel restaurant - a mistake we didn't repeat. The waiter barely spoke English and ignored us most of the time. I had 2 sausage links, scrambled eggs, some potatoes and wheat toast. I added a side of fresh grapefruit and orange juice. My husband had eggs benedict and orange juice. With tip, the total was $75!!!!!!!!! I would expect to pay $30 - $40 tops. I believe the prices in the restaurant were the same as room service. BTW, we really enjoyed dinner at Anthony's on Pier 4 and the Barking Crab. Very different but equally good.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>seacoastNH
<Content>Loved it Stayed at the Langham from Saturday to Sunday. We attended a concert in town and didn't want to drive home afterwards. Hotwire had a great rate of under $150 so we booked it. Of course you don't find out the actual hotel until you confirm and pay but matching up the location (financial district) and amenities we had it pretty well narrowed down.Check in was very efficient, bell service was prompt and gave us the lay of the land. The room was excellent, very nicely decorated, boutique hotel style with plush towels and linens, robes, slippers, 600 thread count sheets, the whole 9 yards. Turn down service left chocolates and filled the cooler with ice for our water bottles and sodas.We parked across the street in Post Office Square for 9 bucks a night, very sweet deal for Boston. We hit the bar for some martini's around 4 pm, the drinks were excellent and the bartender quite attentive. He even made dinner reservations for us at the Chart House near the aquarium. Above and beyond service for sure. He also knew the full history of the hotel and the stories behind the old paintings hanging in the bar. Very interesting.Later that night after the concert we hit the lounge again and the piano player was fabulous. The waitress kept the drinks coming and the snack bowl full, the wasabi coated soy beans or peas were spicy and very good.We enjoyed every aspect of the stay although I would say if I was going to pay full rate I'd probably spring for the extra money to be at the Four Seasons. The location is good, although on weekends the financial district is pretty dead. On Sunday we ate breakfast near Downtown Crossing at a place called Kennedy's, that was not so good. Slow and poor service resulting in cold food. The Langham Sunday brunch looked awesome but we had filled up on dinner and for $50 a head, were just not ready to eat that much. In summary, I'd stay here again if I could get a decent rate. It's hard to stomach the full rate when we only live about 1 hour away and can take the bus or train quite easily.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SouthernBelleKel
<Content>Expected closer to perfection for $350 a nite! Good 4 star hotel that lived up to expectations and I'd probably go back because of the staff and locale. I did observe a few oddities that I found out of sorts for a luxury hotel. Petty complaints? Decide for yourself.Met family in the lobby a couple of times during the week. Nice part is that there are plenty of places to sit; strange part, the furniture should have been restuffed and upholstered long ago. Threadbare fabric and cushions down to the springs?!?! Gimme a break! Seems odd that mgmt doesn't take notice, care.Booked a superior king room ($350+ a night!). Not terribly large and not terribly small. Typical for a city hotel. Bizarre thing, room was discombobulated when I walked in and remained that way for all three nights of my stay. Lampshades crooked, never straightened, dust ruffle around bed didn't fit; looked real sloppy. Suggestion: Get the dusty electric cords out of sight! A it looks muddled B its dangerous!! My 2 陆 y/o nephew pulled the lamp cord that was hanging down and piled along the side of the dresser and the lamp tumbled down  knocked him on the skull. Good thing it was the fabric shade that clunked him, not the metal base!! Common sense; if the cord was out of sight and mind, like in most hotels, it wouldn't have happened! Alright the maid cleaned the room as expected for a clean Holiday Inn but lacked the tidiness of a luxury hotel where people fork out $350 a pop! 3 nites, $1,300 bucks later, for me not so petty!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	5	5	1	

<Author>saratoga4
<Content>nice hotel...but a few glitches that were annoying I spent two nights in June 2007 at the Langham in downtown Boston while on business--my first stay in this hotel. The location was great, in downtown Boston, within walking distance of the Investor Conference I was attending and only about 20 minutes from the airport. Things started off just right, with the doorman offering to take my luggage, holding the door for me, and escorting me to the check-in desk. The lobby was attractive, and the attendant who checked me in was professional, friendly, very quick, and shared with me important details about the hotel before showing me to the elevators. He explained that there is 24 hour room service, which I was pleased to hear, since I was arriving late and needed to order dinner, a small gym that is open from 6am-9pm, and an indoor pool and spa, a nice amenity.Upon checking into the room, I was a bit surprised to see how small it was. It was smaller than a typical room in a 4 or 5 star US hotel; it reminded of the size room one might get in a business hotel in London. There was a very nice king size bed, with great down pillows and comfortable bedding, a desk with wired internet access that costs $9.95 per day (not wireless), a bedside table, a three drawer dresser, a TV cabinet (with an old 24 inch TV--not a newer, larger, plasma TV found in many 4 or 5 star hotels in the US today), one chair with a small round table next to it. The bathroom was adequate size, with a small tub/shower. The room was big enough for one, but there was no room for a room-service table, so they brought the food on a tray, and I had to eat on the small round table--not the best set up.I ordered room service for dinner, and it was promised within 25 minutes, and they almost made it. It took about 35 minutes. The menu was limited for this type of hotel, but the food was fine.The bed was very comfortable, and I had a restful night. My only major complaint was that my wake-up call came 10 minutes early. Since I had traveled from the west coast and was a bit jet-lagged, I was a bit peeved that they called early, as I would have liked to have had another 10 minutes of sleep (and having 10 extra minutes in the morning before I had to leave for a business meeting was not enough time to eat breakfast or work out; what do you do with only 10 extra minutes!). I complained about the early wake-up call, and the operator said they often call early, because they have so many wake-up calls requested for the same time. The next night, when I requested a wake-up call, I emphasized that I did not want the call to come early! This worked.I used the fitness center during my stay, and there was a wide variety of cardio equipment (3 treadmills, 3 bikes, 2 precors, and 2 stairmasters) and a few pieces of weight equipment., not enough to really get a weight workout--pretty typical of a small hotel gym. The treadmills seemed a little old, but everything else was in good shape. There were a number of TV's in the fitness room within view of most of the cardio equipment, but there were no headsets, so with the volume for many of the TVs on all at once, it was a bit noisy in there. There was some complementary fruit available, which was a nice touch after a workout.All in all, this was a pretty nice 4-star hotel in a great location with good service. Beware though that the rooms are small.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>jjerkins
<Content>Langham Stay We were supposed to have a superior room. We looked out over the roof air conditioners on the fifth floor - say you prefer not to have room 564. Otherwise, we had a great time; only five blocks from Quincy Market and a nice walk, close to Filene's Basement, Macy's. Ate at Saraceno in the North End and The Four Seasons Restaurant - both fabulous.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>3	2	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravellingIsGood
<Content>just OK I don't have anything specifically negative to say about the Langham, only that it failed to knock my socks off. I stayed here for 2 nights en route from California to London, so I was in transit somewhat and the hotel did provide me with what I needed - a quiet room, comfy bed. Good points: the staff were friendly, the swimming pool and whirlpool were very nice and Julien's the cocktail bar was beautiful. Also I asked for a DVD player and one was provided promptly, which impressed me. Not so good points: there's nothing really close by in terms of places to grab a snack or a soft drink - there's a 7 eleven the other side of the park but that's it really. The room service was extortionate - all of the wines were expensive but so was the food - way overpriced I thought, and I begrudge this. Its a nice hotel and a grand building but like I said, it didn't knock my socks off.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	3	4	5	

<Author>ssmak
<Content>Indifferent After reviewing this hotel and it's 4.5 star rating, I was expecting a bit more.Granted we did not take advantage of any of the brunches, chocolate bar or any other amienites but our room was okay.There is a parking lot adjacent to the Langham (One Post Office Square) but the pricing is not clearly listed. Langham offers 24-hour, in-and-out valet parking for $25, which in retrospect I think we should have gone with as our parking for a day and a half was $45.Check-in wasn't a problem, though they had two people at the desk, four stations and a line of about 6 or 7.The concierge didn't seem to have alot of information about the area. We asked about the Freedom Trail (Information is at Boston Common) and Parking (which was a huge debacle in which I got three different answers from the same man). The conciegre always seemed to be on the phone.The room wasn't anything spectacular, though the floor had a stale smoke smell to it... which was odd as the floor was non-smoking. There was an ionizer down the hall from our room.The room looked cramped/poorly set up.The TV wasn't very viewable from the bed. You could see it, but it wasn't totally comforatable.Our room overlooked one of the main hallways, the fitness room and the pool.The towels were firm but not as cushy as I had expected for a hotel of this caliber. Perhaps it's because we were in a regular room instead of a suite.The bathroom was nothing too remarkable.Because this hotel is in the Financial District, it is not busy on the weekends or after hours.Dunkin' Doughnuts is around the corner for Saturday Morning breakfast. There weren't any convieniece-type stores open to grab snacks (after say, 7pm) and the hotel did not offer any kind of vending. The closest place for late-night-non-pub snacks was at Boston Common.The hotel was about a 10-15 minute walk to Boston Common where you could catch the green or red lines.I guess I expected more from a hotel with a 4.5 star rating, though I have a feeling that the amenities are what makes the rating what it is.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>GiuseppeC.
<Content>Outstanding Hotel Charming and well appointed, this hotel is probably Boston's best place to stay, located in the heart of the city (but Boston is so small....) with a QUITE positive price/value score. My room was large and recently restored, luxury and elegance are the attributes of it. The minibar had an entire world of things to eat and drink inside of it. Prices were acceptable too. The spa and pool center is a plaesant place to spend 20 minutes before dinner time, and the Hotel has always wonderful activities during the day (es. day of chocolates of the world, day of tea, day of pizza and so on). Concierges are really kind and indicated restaurants and other places to go even at really impossible evening/night hours. Gorgeous place for family with kids too. I absolutely raccomend it.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Feile794
<Content>High-class experience at the luxury Langham Over the Easter holiday, my boyfriend and I decided on a weekend jaunt to Boston. We found a deal online, referring to our last minute choice as a Luxury Getaway. Flight and 3 hotel nights for $330pp seemed like a good deal.It turned out to be a GREAT deal. The Langham is a beautiful hotel. The room (I'm sure one of it's smallest) was a queen standard. Impeccably clean and quiet, with lovely furnishings and an extremely comfortable bed, it was a welcome sight after schlepping around as a tourist all day.The staff at the front desk was very pleasant and welcoming. Both members of the concierge staff with whom I spoke were also friendly and helpful, giving us a variety of dining options and succinct directions.Although I did not get to dip into the pool, we could see it from our hotel room (the roof of the pool center is made up of glass panels, visible from the rooms above). The area looked inviting, safe, and spotless (I regretted not having brought my suit).As for location, the Langham is spot-on. 3 to 5 blocks in any direction will bring you to a main attraction. 5 blocks from the Freedom Trail, including Faneuil Hall and Quincy market where there's food and shopping galore. 5 blocks to the Aquarium, where the center ocean tank and the jellyfish exhibit are must-sees. 4 blocks from downtown-crossing, a major shopping area including Macy's and Filene's, as well as a T stop. We were thrilled that so many things were within walking distance: tourist attractions, shopping, restaurants and nightlife.If you're there on a Saturday, try the Chocolate Buffet between 12 and 3PM. 50+ desserts! Also, try to catch Mystery Cafe at Elephant  Castle 2 blocks from the hotel--a fun murder mystery dinner theater that had us cracking up.My ONLY complaint about this hotel was the pricing for brekky. $21 for juice and toast...literally! The pricing deterred us from having breakfast in the Cafe Fleuri(?), but the restaurant nonetheless LOOKED beautiful from afar!Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel. We were fortunate to get the best of service for such an affordable price!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>cj_minneapolis
<Content>excellent hotel This is an excellent hotel - the rooms are very well appointed although a bit small. The lobby is very nice, and the staff friendly and helpful. We got a great deal online.The bad part - it is in a fairly dead part of Boston. If I were not here for a wedding, I would have never stayed there. It is a short 8-minute walk to Faneuil Hall, where the action starts. The tea time here is also very luxurious and fun if that is your thing.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Adamchik
<Content>Langham's HVAC problems make for misery A colleague and I stayed in two different rooms in different areas of the hotel, and had the same problems (we did not know at the time, until we compared notes later). This was during the week of Presidents' Day.The rooms were spectacularly hot (80+ degrees), even though it was snowing outside. Engineering seemed to know about it, and so did the front desk.We were both moved from our original rooms to different floors, and experienced the same problems there.Engineering was very courteous, but they offered me fans for the room. Can you imagine - fans for Boston in February?!The front desk also tried to be nice - they even offered a free meal in the restaurant.The hotel is very convenient if you are downtown, and the restaurant is absolutely first-rate. It is also not that expensive given the quality and location.However, I would check carefully to see if cold air is coming out of the air conditioning in your room when you check in. If not, turn around and find another hotel.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>2	4	1	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Massfamilymom
<Content>Beautiful hotel, but disappointed with management We stayed at the Langham in June 2006. It was part of a trip booked by a children's wish organization, as one of our three children is in remission from cancer. Her wish involved a shopping spree and show in Boston, and the wish organization booked the Langham for our weekend. The location was great. The public spaces in the hotel are beautiful. The suite was nice. We ate brunch in the hotel and enjoyed excellent service and good food. Our complaint stems from our initial arrival at the hotel. We are two adults and three children. We were told by the wish organization to identify ourselves as the wish family to ensure special treatment. Well, we felt we received sub-par treatment on our arrival and our wish child felt badly, as she was old enough to notice.Our room was a two-story/family suite. Downstairs was a sleep sofa/sitting area and half bath. Upstairs was the king-size bed and full bath. We needed a cot for our third child, and called the desk to request one, although they should have known we would need one. We went out to dinner, and returned to the hotel to change for the show. Still no cot. We called the desk again, and left for the show. When we returned at 11:00 p.m., there still wasn't a cot. We called down again, frustrated, as we had three tired children. Meanwhile, we opened the sofa bed and not only was it unmade, it was littered with potato chip crumbs. Needless to say, we were very upset and called down again. Finally, the night head of housekeeping came up with a cot and clean sheets for the sofa bed. While he was very apologetic, we feel the hotel dropped the ball. We were not expecting special treatment, but we were appalled that our needs were so blatantly overlooked considering the organization that booked us and the reason we were there. We hesitated complaining to management, as we did not pay for the room and felt awkward. However, when we returned home, we filled out the hotel review form with our experience and checked off the section that asked a manager to call us. No one ever did. Maybe it was just a bad night, but an acknowledgement and apology would have gone a long way. While our child's wish weekend was not ruined, we feel management dropped the ball during a very difficult time of our lives.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>trixiegirl2007
<Content>Expensive but comfortable This was my first visit to Boston and I stayed at the Langham for 1 night. I had a standard room and since I was on business really spent minimal time in the room. However, the room was quite nice. It was clean and a fairly good size. There was a desk for working and additional chairs and another table. The bathroom was a bit rundown but clean. Room service was expensive and I had to pay $10 for Internet access. Overall, because the location was great and I felt safe, I had a good experience. I do think it is really high priced but I would pay a higher price for a clean room and safety. Staff was very professional and the robe and slippers were a nice touch.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>B-ram-z
<Content>Very comfortable and correct Conservative but comfy room with iPod hookup. Really nice linens/pillows/comforter. Bathroom was granite and marble, shower had plenty of pressure. Needed a toothbrush and someone was at my door in about two minutes. I was on the eighth floor, where the windows are angled around the roofline. Not great for looking out, but added a lot of charm to the room. Didn't try the restaurant. I was given a good deal by phone (I was having trouble online). The only negative was the location is very quiet on a winter Sunday (you are in the center of the financial district), but you are a quick stroll to the more vibrant parts of downtown. I wish all of my boutique hotel stays were this nice.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dave2269
<Content>Good Choice Stayed here for 3 nights in January and glad I chose this hotel. Spacious room and tv, mini bar, safe etc. Good location, about 5-10 minutes walk from Macys. Friendly staff and very informative and helpful, particularly the Concierge. Breakfast ok but choose from the menu rather than the buffet. Boston appears to be safe and I walked everywhere or took the subway.If you like shopping, I would recommend a visit to the Wrentham mall, about 45 mins away, this can be booked at the hotel.Would return to this hotel in the future.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ottawa-7
<Content>Great Hotel in Financial District My husband and I spent three nights at the Langham in January. Booking through the hotel website and taking advantage of the 3 nights for 2 package we got great value for our money, about 130 per night. Considering this deal I was expecting a rather small room but was pleasantly surprised by a good sized room on the ninth floor. The hotel is absolutely gorgeous and the room had great amenities - wonderful comfortable bed with down duvet, huge fluffy bath towels and robes, an alarm clock that accepted my iPod etc. Unfortunately wireless is not included, you must pay 10$ per day if you brought your laptop or 10$ for 25 minutes on computers located in the lobby.The heated pool and hot tub were amazing and open until 9pm. We did not use the gym but it looked well set up with several different machines.We enjoyed room service one night, a burger for each of us which was delicious and a lot of food. We parked in the public lot next to the hotel which was expensive as expected for downtown boston. We paid $56 for Friday night to Monday morning. Most of that cost was just the monday morning - it is actually really cheap to park here on the weekend.The location was fairly good for tourists - easy walk to Downtown Crossing (Filene's Basement!), Quincy Market and the waterfront. If you are interested in staying in this area then this is the hotel for you.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RCS1977
<Content>Nice Room, AMAZING Brunch My boyfriend and I stayed at the Langham in August. The hotel was very lovely and the room was nice but not too memorable. However, the staff at the hotel were so lovely, it made our stay just great. I reccomend this hotel very highly.In addition, if you are there on a Sunday, spend the $$ and go to their brunch. It was outrageous and the best I have ever seen in my life. Every type of food you can imagine is spread before your eyes.Enjoy your stay, we did!  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MelsieTR
<Content>Fabulous Hotel and Great location My Fiance and I stayed here the 2nd Dec for 6 nights this year. You couldn't miss the hotel. it looked like a little house in the middle of all the tall Buildings. Really pretty on the outset, and twinkling with all the christmas lights. the doormen were extremely helpful and very polite. reception was quick and easy. the rooms were quite large with a king size bed and the bathrooms was huge. good shower, bath. large mirror over the sink, the length of the bathroom. and a long mirror on the door. the bedroom also had a desk and laptop connections, a chest of drawers, coffee maker, mini bar filled with orange and apple juice,beer, wine champagne, water, soft drinks, whiskey, Vodka and Bacardi. a couple of grenola bars as well. although quiet expensive it was nice to just be able to have a night cap while watching TV after a grooling day of shopping. the hotel also had a spa and swimming pool although we did not make use of these amenities. the bar in the hotel was very nice but had no atmosphere really. Rooms service to the room was quiet dear. for a continatal breakfast and Banana pancakes 2 cups of coffee, 65$. so we did that once and spent the rest of the holiday going to Quincy market where they do food from all over the world at doesnt cost much. the location of the hotel is Great!! 4 mins to walk to quincy market or macys, and 5 mins from the aquarium! Excellant. 4 miles from the airport. all in all this hotel i found was great, bit pricey but worth it for the bit of luxury.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>johnsodz
<Content>Okay Stayed here for a fiends wedding in Nov. 2005. The hotel was okay. The doormen were not helpful at all. The service at the front desk was okay, although she looked at me like I had three heads when I asked about non-valet parking. I felt like everyone had their nose in the air. The room was very small even for a downtown Boston hotel. Once you put your luggage in the room you barely had room to walk around. The place seemed clean enough, but it did not have the sparkle that I was expecting with a higher class hotel, to me it felt just like a Sheraton or similar. Parking is not bad money wise if you are there on the weekend. I think there are better hotels in Boston.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>2	3	1	3	3	2	2	2	

<Author>HJPofi
<Content>Great location, noisey rooms. Stayed for two nights on business Oct 26 and 27.Room was small, no couch, and the noise from everything in the hallway came right into the room. Otherwise the location is good and the hotel was friendly and clean. 3 stars  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Tricolours
<Content>Enjoyed the stay Stayed here for 4 nights in Sept as part of a conference group. Really enjoyed the hotel with nice large rooms and comfortable beds. We found the hotel was in a good spot with an easy walk to most of the attractions, shopping and restaurant district. I would be happy to book here again.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>theroadlesstravelled
<Content>Beautiful Building, too many glitches I booked a room through the property directly as it was a last minute trip and I did not want any surprises. The reservation person (manger in charge), was unable to verify that I had a room the next day, (given the short notice), and assured me that she would call me the following morning, (hopefully before I left for Boston). This happens all the time. She did not call, but I did, and after much confusion and waiting, another person was pretty sure that we had a room. I charged the $340 and hoped for the best.The hotel was a little hard to find, but we got there okay after a long day. IT REALLY IS IN A GREAT LOCATION. The good news is that we not only had a room, but it was on the top floor. The staff were polite and the wait was not long. Getting off the elevator, we were assaulted by cigar smoke. It was thick and pervasive. It seemed to follow us to our room.Our room was nice and clean and fairly spacious with a row of slanted windows,-but it was shockingly hot. I tried to call the main desk for 15 minutes and it was busy. We had enough time to change and run to our dinner reservation, but notified them of the problem on the way out.When we returned, we learned that engineering was unable to fix the problem. They did have a room for us on the 2nd floor-so we took it. DId I mention that one of the three elevators was out of order? That we packed up in the heat with an exhausted child? There was no offer of help and the process was quite frustrating and long. They did offer to comp the breakfast, but we had already paid for it.The new room was spacious-(24X30?), 12 foot ceilings-and looked out onto a little park. (Luckily they had good black out blinds.) There were 2 huge windows but it was quiet. The bathroom was nice-very clean with marble everything. Decent size. Good water pressure, many towels. King sized bed was confortable, (nice soft linens, hard pillows), and there was a good seating area. They had not cleared out the mini refrigerator as requested and it was late so I didn't bother to call. After 10 PM, they called, waking me and my son up, to ask if we wanted them to come and do it then. I did not. I ended up throwing away food as a result.The noise level at the hotel was great-hardly heard anyone else. The pool was nice-small but with lanes. Plenty of natural light, clean. Some floatation devices for the kids. Adequate hot tub. The exercise room consisted of free weights and 6 cardio machines. While in the exercise room, you can watch your family below in the pool through a glass wall. The bathrooms had changing areas. There were 2 employees on duty so it was safe and professional.The breakfast area was pretty but the service was HORRIBLE. Our waiter was arguing with his assistant and they managed to disapppear from our entire corner of the restaurant. (My fellow patrons and I tried in vain to locate them.) The food was avearage but overpriced, ($25 each), and our orders were wrong. There was indifference from the wait staff so we did not press the issue. The irony is that we ended up OVER tipping because we could not wait longer than 19 minutes for them to collect the check. Go elsewhere!We paid for late check out-but found housekeeping cleaning amongst our belongings with the door wide open when we returned to our room. I had wanted to give my son a bath, but she insisted that we wait as she was, almost done. I do not fault her, but obviously the communication was poor as she did not believe we were supossed to be there.Sigh. The really good news: they took 50% off the bill when I went downstairs to complain that the maid would not leave. I would have rated this property higher if there had not been so many glitches.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>rebeccawhipp
<Content>What a treat Stayed here as a treat to ourselves on the two nights of our honeymoon. Fantastic location (just five mins walk from Quincy Market), and fairly reasonably priced too 鈥?Boston itself does seem to be expensive though. Bedroom, bed and bathroom all pretty generously proportioned, with traditional Victorian d茅cor. Robes and slippers provided in every room. Also received chocolates and a next day weather report each evening. Were given an upgrade to a Junior Suite on the second night and that really was so much nicer 鈥?park view and ultra-massive room with sofa area. Would definitely recommend this hotel to others 鈥?go on, spoil yourselves!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ABelfastBoy
<Content>Luxury and good location (if you don't mind a bit of walking) The hotel is everything you would expect from a 5* including the cost of drinks  meals. The staff are very helpful and happy to recommend restaurants, sights etc.This was the 1st time we have stayed in Boston and found the hotel, which was much cheaper at the weekend, to be within easy walking distance of the sites and shopping. The only problem would be if the weather didn't permit walking.Ask for a refurbished room- much nicer than the older rooms.Food good and would defi stay again - only at the weekend though.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scribbybean
<Content>Had better service @ Holiday Inn Express We booked 2 nights mainly based on reviews on TripAdvisor. Check in was quick, hotel seemed well run and taken care of. The problem was that the temperature in the room was quite warm and for some reason was not able to be adjusted. I called down to the front desk three times and was told three different stories: 1. They still had the heat on in the hotel because it was early spring and the ac couldn't be turned on, 2. They would call engineering and have them lower the temperature for our room, and finally, 3. There was nothing they could do  brought up a small desk fan. I've stayed in hotels all over the country and have never encountered this issue. The fact that it was never resolved made me swear off Langham hotels forever. I wrote to the management when we got home and never received a reply.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	3	1	3	

<Author>maccahallam
<Content>outstanding excellent choice of accommodation. would find it very difficult to criticise. The hotel has all that you could need, friendly staff, an excellent concierge service, pool and gym facilities. The room we stayed in was excellent with extremely comfortable beds and a great view of downtown boston. would strongly recommend. 1st class!!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>chad351
<Content>Utmost Luxury We stayed here over the weekend while attending a performance of Cirque de Soleil at Suffolk Downs. Hotel is in close proximity of Quincy Market and Fanieul Hall. Arrived at the hotel after a long day and we were greeted with turned-down beds, chocolates and the weather report for the next day....!!!! The pillows are simply the best (where do they find them?) and the bed linens were by far the most luxurious....truly unbelievable. This is a very classy hotel and we would highly recommend it for any traveler, be it for business or pleasure. Can't wait to return.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Alfredo101
<Content>Grand style, great service Rooms are unique, with differing floor plans, many with a few stairs. Very clean, nice size bathrooms. Nice touch with chocolates on the pillow at turn-down service. Concierges Dan and Sean very helpful; daytime guy not as friendly, knowledgeable, or helpful. Work out room is complete with Concept II ergometer, pool, and enough machines for a good workout. Only downside is location is 15-20 min walk to Boston Commons, Copley area. Highly recommend.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lilo
<Content>Great Hotel! Really Nice Hotel!!! 4****My boyfriend and I stayed here for Labour Day Long weekend. We had a great time except for the not so great weather. Be sure to check the forecast. The hotel is situated in the financial district of Downtown Boston. I found the streets were pretty dead around the hotel both during the day and at night. I dont know if this was because it was a long weekend and being in the financial district, everything was closed... However, everything is pretty close by approx. 5-10 min walk. We checked in late, and were suprised to hear that they automatically upgraded our room to a suite. It was a large room with a well equipped bathroom and closet. Very clean and pleasant! We also had the pleasure of dining at the Cafe Fleuri for Breakfast, which was GREAT!. We had the buffet breakfast, which is a little expensive at $22USD a person but is well worth it if you enjoy and great selection. If you like higher end shopping, be sure to check out Newbury St. about 10-15 min walk.If you want to try some authentic Boston cusine and some BOSTON CHOWDA, try Faneuil Hall Market Place which is close by to little Italy where you can get a cappucino at the oldest coffee shop Cafe Vittoria. 5-7 min from Faneuil HallEverything was great, very good week-end, not so good weather, but great hotel! Overall Great Trip!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>mollyanne
<Content>Langham is Beautiful!! Stayed at the Langham from 9/1 to 9/4. We arrived early in the morning and planned on checking our bags until later in the day. To our delight we were allowed to check in! We had booked a moderate Queen room and were given a lovely room on the 6th floor overlooking Post Office Park. The room was immaculate as was the very large gleaming bathroom. Furnishings were lovely and new. The hotel furnishes plush bathrobes and slippers and our nightly turndown service, complete with chocolates on the pillows, made us feel like we were on a cruise ship! The radio was left turned on to a soft music channel - a nice touch.The staff was friendly and accommodating, from Stacey at the front desk, who checked us in and out, to Juan, one of the very nicest bell men ever. The housekeeping staff was right on the mark and we could never pass one of them without receiving a smile and a greeting. The Concierge supplied us with umbrellas for our one rainy day, which were greatly appreciated, since we prefer to walk until our feet fall off (!) when in Boston.The lobby and other public rooms are gorgeous. Sadly, we did not enjoy any meals at the Langham - that will have to wait until our next visit.The only annoyance was having to go to two floors once and three floors once to find ice! Not a showstopper by any means - just took a little longer to chill our wine!Having stayed previously at Jury's and the Wyndham (now Hilton) many times - we think we have found our new favorite hotel to be the Langham and look forward to our next visit.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>brokenankle
<Content>Very Pleasant We paid $144 via Hotwire. Parking, by valet only, was reasonably priced for Boston at $25/night. Our room was beautiful, the bed comfortable and the temperature controls worked. Room service food was good, but don't make the mistake of ordering a children's meal - it was terrible. Our room was very noisy. We could hear doors banging all day and night. We were so distraught as to call Security regarding this issue. The pool was nice but it didn't have enough seating. The Sunday Jazz Brunch had no jazz; only a Billy Joel piano man. Also, the raw bar at the brunch had only over-cooked food. There is no way that I ate $50 worth of food. Oh well, live and learn.All told, this is a nice hotel.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>WorldlyGal
<Content>Very Nice at the Reduced Weekend Price I stayed here with husband on Aug 18-20 booking directly with the hotel for a good 3 nights-for-two-nights price. This is in the downtown section and very convenient to Quincy Market and Boston Aquarium, and an easy walk to Downtown Crossing shops and Freedom Trail sites. Checkin was easy and pleasant, and we got our requested room with a view overlooking Post Office Square. The room was a standard king, witha desk, dresser, TV cabinet. It was a little cramped. The bathroom was nice-sized and marble outfitted. A coffeemaker was a pleasant surprise since we didn't expect to find one in a 4* hotel. The bed was on the firm side...which was also unexpected given the emphasis these days on heavenly etc. comfy hotel beds. Room service and turndown service both were fine. We got used to the evening chocolates very quickly. The public rooms on the second floor are very grand (this building used to be the federal reserve bank) and should not be missed. Saturday night we had cocktails and dinner in the bar. We felt like lords. The piano music added an additional touch of class. We did not check out the pool or gym.The main reception area is understated. We used the concierge twice for basic directions and he was accommodating. The area immediately around the hotel is very quiet on the weekends. Local cafes and eateries tend to be closed. We were told that the Elephant  Castle pub/restaurant on Arch Street (3 blocks away) offers a nice $15 brunch buffet on Sats and Suns, which is a definite bargain compared to the Langham's $50 pp Sunday brunch. We had a good lunch here, but did not check out the brunch.A word about parking: We parked our car in the adjacent parking garage (entrance on Oliver Street) , with an ouch factor of $78 total. On weekdays, including Friday checkin and Monday checkout, rates hit full-day $32 after approx. 90 minutes. Saturday and Sunday were $7 each. Pass on the hotel valet parking option if you don't want to pay more still.Summary: understated, and good value at promotion rates. Some might find it staid. We enjoyed the old banker  grandeur.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>000385
<Content>Beautiful luxurious hotel with fantastc staff Loved this beautiful  immaculately kept hotel for its decor, staff  location. Our room was not hugh but by no means small (and it was a welcome change to have only one double bed and not two regularly found in European hotels, which somehow take from the ambiance of the room). The room was so comfortable, it was definitely a room you would look forward to coming back to after a busy day sightseeing - which is a great bonus! The little touches were welcome (although only one robe  one pair of slippers for two occupants was a little puzzling!) Turndown with chocalates was lovely touch. The staff are amazing, everyone we saw from porters, front desk  concierge were extremely helpful (it was very helpful to find concierge could provide us with a European - US adaptor, another guest got a phone charger from a hugh box of chargers available! Great idea!)The leisure centre was nice, swimming pool smallish but perfectly adequate. Unfortunately we did not get the opportunity to eat or even have a drink at this lovely hotel although I have heard favourable reports though it can apparently be a tad expensive. In relation to the rate for the hotel, we got a very good rate from hotels.com so it was most definitely worth what we paid.Lastly the location was also great, easy walking distance to all attractions  Boston certainly is a great place to walk around and admire.To sum up I would definitely recommend this hotel - we really enjoyed our beautiful room  I hope all the hotel staff get the recognition that they deserve for a fantastic job!!!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>franglais38
<Content>not worth the price I don't know what people see in this hotel. It is very expensive (but then again, Boston is quite expensive). The rooms very bland, small bathroom. The service was slow and not accomodating, the staff not very friendly. Definitely not worth the price and I would not go back.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>fivegoldstars
<Content>Great hotel, but....       chill out time!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>AdrianJ
<Content>Great hotel We stayed at the Langham Hotel twice for 5 days each time and we were really happy with it. The rooms we stayed in were large, had huge beds and very quiet. There is a turndown service in the evening and they leave some chocolate in the room also, which is a nice touch. The staff are helpful and very polite.The hotel is only 5 minutes walk to Quincy Market, Fanueil Hall and Boston Common (touristy areas), and about the same to a T station (underground). The only thing we weren't that happy about was the price of breakfast. It was $22 for an American breakfast (sausages, bacon, eggs, fried potatoes), which we thought was a lot. For two people with a tip you are talking about $50 every morning! As an alternative, there is a small park on one side of the hotel and there is a cafe in the park which does lots of salads, sandwiches and stuff like that.If you like trying different food, it might be worth going to their Sunday Brunch, which is $50 per person, but it's all you can eat and they have a huge variety of food - crab claws, shrimp, pasta stir fries cooked on the spot, pancakes, chicken are just a sample. They have lots of desserts to try too.Overall we were very impressed with the hotel and the location is very good. It's also very safe around there. We were out late lots of nights and never had any trouble.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amailmanyouknow
<Content>Great place and pet friendly, too!!! We stayed here for a few days - great location, a few blocks walk to Faneuil Hall, Washington Street or Boston Commons. (Do walk because driving in Boston is just awful.....)Anyway, the hotel staff could not have been more accomodating - we had our dog along, and they were so nice to all of us! They don't treat you like you are persona non grata if you have a dog (and my dog is way cleaner than a smoker!). The hotel has beautiful accoutrements, the bed was wonderful, the sheets are GOOD ones, the room was cozy. The granite and tile bath is clean and fairly new.The only drawback is that I thought we had free internet and it's not, they charge you $10 a day....but now You know, so go to the Langham, relax and have fun!!!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shaken_Bake
<Content>First Class Accommodations and Service       Langham Hotel, Post Office Square, Boston  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>beefeater34
<Content>Read the previous post! Read the previous post! The contributor from Madison CT has pretty well said it all.All I can usefully add after staying there for four nights is that the bathrooms are very dated with a 70's brown marble! The enamel on the bath was patchy and worn. The windows of the bedroom were filthy.Otherwise read the previous post to get a feel for how the hotel lacks soul. It's far from a bad place, it's just lacking the x-factor!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Nick2U
<Content>Nothing special Recently spent a Friday evening at the Langham. We chose this Hotel because of the Tripadvisor reviews and it's location. Overall, we were dissapointed with the service. The bartender was more interested in talking to his friends than taking orders, the concierge was misinformed (bad directions) and the valet parking was not professional. Our room was small with an immediate view of a concrete partition. It was reasonably well appointed with a comfortable king size bed. The bathroom was small. We found the lounge and restaurants areas out of the way. Because of this the entrance is subdued and lacking the activity that we think makes a luxury hotel exciting and inviting. We did not eat at the hotel although the dining areas were attractive. We found the area to be convenient (10 minute walk to Quincy market) and quiet. The Langham is a stately and attractive building but inside it lacks substance.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>YazBeanSaysMeow
<Content>We Keep Coming Back to this Winner We started staying at the Langham when it was French-owned and known as the Meridian. We stay at this property every time we come into Boston, and the new management has kept the place -- and the service -- as good as it's always been. We usually stay on weekends when the parking and rates are less expensive (although out-of-towners will be shocked that $26/night for weekend parking can be considered less expensive) and the entire Financial District is very, very quiet. The seventh floor has just been renovated, although we almost switched rooms to the fifth floor and really couldn't see that much difference on first glance, meaning that all of the rooms are in spectacular shape. The Asian amentities are great, especially the very thick and creamy body lotion. Lots of outlets on the side of the desk for laptops, cell phone chargers and such. And, the maid had magically figured out a way to defog a perfectly large square in the bathroom mirror so that one could get ready immediately upon getting out of the shower. We love the Ritz-Carlton, but prefer staying at the Langham when we're in Boston.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ivanciment
<Content>Very good family hotel; Superb F Very impressed. We also had a 2 bedroom suite and it was very spacious and tastefully appointed. Food and beverage is above average and their home-made ice cream, pizza, and Saturday afternoon chocolate buffet were all excellent, as was their Julienne restaurant. We enjoyed the baby crib with the stuffed animal and the milk and cookies they delivered our first night. Staff was mostly very friendly; once we couldn't get seated in the dining room and we were instead seated in the lounge but comped on the chocolate buffet for the inconvenience. Service is not impeccable but certainly quite good. Example: We sat for an hour without any food being served in the Julienne; they misplaced our order and nobody came to check why we weren't served. It was only after I got up and asked where our dinner was that the food began to come forth. There were less than 10 people eating in the whole restaurant so someone was obviously asleep at the switch. The piano bar is a very nice place to sit with the old bank decor all around you, and even dance a bit. We also liked the location which was convenient to Faneuil Hall; on Memorial Day Weekend their street performers festival makes it a great family place to be. Prices for spa services onsite such as massage are quite reasonable for today's market.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>erdoc
<Content>Loved the Langham Beautiful hotel. Staff exceedingly pleasant and helpful.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Charmingbubble2
<Content>Terrific location When I booked this hotel using Airmiles, I had no idea what it would be like. We were delighted upon our arrival to find it truly grand.The room is large and the bed comfortable. Their choice of coffee for the coffeemaker was gross but most of what we had in other hotels during our stay was too. Guess it must be our taste buds.The swimming pool was great and all bar one day deserted.We ate a couple of meals in the bar. The food was good and the service excellent. We were going to have brunch on Sunday but decided $50 per person was way too much and went elsewhere.It is within walking distance of Faneuile Hall, the metro lines, great shopping, and restaurants to numerous to count.The staff were very courteous and efficient. We were well chuffed when they allowed us to leave our bags in store whilst taking a quick trip to Toronto in order to drive to Niagra Falls.I would highly recomend this hotel to anyone going to Boston.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Richie_London
<Content>Location Location Location First off the was very easy to get to and right in the heart of the financial district so you feel that right in working Boston life. The room was bigger than I had expected, having read the reviews on the moderate size room before booking.  The plus points were the bed, very comfy. The gym was good and had a good mix of equipment and adequate sized pool. The Sunday brunch/ lunch was expensive $50 a head but the standard , quantity and choice was excellent. (creps were amazing) Bad points .The bathroom was not cleaned to a high enough standard on our arrival, as there were a number of rogue hairs dotted about . On 2 days having come back to the room founding that a pile of our used towels and robs on the floor in the corner of the room. To sum up a great location to be based to whole of Boston and a good place to be if you want to be in walking distance of the bars and restaurants at night.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel We were very impressed with the Langham.Beautiful,spacious rooms with elegant decor. Excellent ,friendly service .The weekend breakfast buffet is superb (though sadly not available on weekdays ). Food very good and not overpriced given the star rating and the hotel's popularity with the corporate travellers. Gym was quite small and not very well equipped but pool very nice.Would definitely stay there again if we return to Boston.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>traveler from Hinsdale
<Content>Luxury Very Lite We stayed at the Langham in August for 3 days and again in January for 2 nights with our two children. This time one of our two adjoining rooms reeked of cigarette smoke on a non-smoking floor. We were eventually shown other rooms, but the configuration was not comparable and management did not upgrade us or reduce the price. The second night we were awakened at 2am by two drunks and their girlfriends in the next room who were yelling and shouting in their room and the hall until 3:30am. Needless to say, this is not the clientele or behavior one expects in a luxury hotel. We stay at the Langham because it has a pool, although it is somewhat small, and it is close to the Quincy Marketplace and the North End. Next time, however, we'll probably try someplace with higher standards.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Impressed We just returned from a weekend stay at this hotel. I must say we were not impressed. I had booked this hotel based on all the rave reviews I was reading. When we arrived, we had booked a superior room throught the hotel itself, the receptionist at the desk told us that they upgraded us for free to a deluxe,but upon arriving to our room 604, it was clearly not an upgrade, the room was the same type of room that they call a standard room on their website, more like a downgrade. Plus the room was hot and I asked for a room fan,was told that they would send it up,it never arrived. Found the hotel staff not that friendly. Would not use this hotel again, based on our experience with the quality of the room and the hotel seems a bit run down.Westchester NY  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>familyontour
<Content>Wonderful hotel Stayed here last weekend after a gruelling week on a course. Thought hotel was wonderful - the bedroom was large and the bed extremely comfortable. Also enjoyed the swimming pool and fitness suite. Less than 10 minutes walk to Macy's and (in the other direction) to Faneuil Hall - so very convenient. Wonderful - would certainly come here again.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bostonbound
<Content>Highly recommend... Visited Boston at the end of September and stayed at the Langham for 3 nights. The hotel is centrally located to all of the sites. Upon check-in we were given an upgrade to a superior room. Our room was large and very nicely appointed. Very comfortable beds and special kudos to the high quality towels. Overall we found the hotel to be upscale but not stuffy. We would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location - fab doormen! IF you're going to visit Boston (come back to this!) then the Langham is a great place to stay. Very comfortable and nice size bedroom with quality bed-linen. Very nice bar - great cocktails - and very helpful and happy doormen. We liked the location, as it's in easy walking distance of the Freedom Trail and yet away from the over-crowded tourist areas of Copley Square etc.However, Boston itself has to have a BIG questionmark over it. The Freedom Trail is helpful to get around but the sights are few and far between and a wee bit amateurish. Not much of interest preserved. There are roadworks started all over the place but little sign of activity (has City Hall run out of money?). The one way system makes finding places in a car very hard!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Langham Hotel/Quincy Market  Just returned from a stay in the city and from staying in the excellent Langham hotel, one word?? Superb. People very friendly  staff at the hotel very compitent, location for all popular sights perfect. The only area of concern was the extreamly high charges for parking the rental car, the dearest being the hotel itself, although they did say they had no control over the charges as it was not part of the hotel. My last word on our recent visit to Boston is that we were very suprised at the lack of amenities and quality of the so called Logan International airport??  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>agia
<Content>Very Comfortable Rooms Vey large, well maintained and beautifully decorated rooms. Do not miss the Sunday Brunch which was the best I have ever expeienced. It had a live jazz band and tremedous selection of well prepared dishes. Waiters are not well trained however.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ELDerby
<Content>Good hotel, good location and clean We spent the weekend in Boston. The Langham was about 6 blocks from Fanueil Hall area, so it was a manageable walk, though it could be confusing at night. The room was cleaned twice a day, which is always a treat. The hotel bar was very nice and well-staffed. Our stay was pleasant, and if we ever go to Boston for pleasure, would consider staying there again. The reason I did not give it 5 stars ... the air conditioning fan was quite noisy and the bathroom was starting to show some serious aging (peeling wallpaper, poor ventilation and some mold beginning to develop)...  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Enriquez
<Content>great hotel, gym, fully staffed Went for the weekend. All the favorable reviews are correct. The hotel appeared to be fully staffed even at 3AM- with the appropriate number of staff. The pool-gym was well staffed. they do maid service twice a day and never bothered us when the do not disturb  sign was up. The rooms were big, air condiotining was excellent. they did not miss anything. It reminded me of the Park Lane Hotel in London. If driving, there are too many one way streets and it is tricky to reach the hotel. Parking is across the street for 7 dollars sat, 7 on Sun and 32 on weekdays.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Algonquin
<Content>Elegant, Quiet, Great Service Upon arriving at this beautiful hotel, we found our room lovely, but too small for us as we were traveling with our two young daughters. The bellman disappeared and shortly I had a phone call from the front desk informing me that we would be moved to a larger, two story suite, for which I was given an extremely reasonable rate. Our four night stay was absolutely perfect! As our room was on a low level, I expected street noise and was pleasantly surprised at how wonderfully quiet and serene our room was. The beds, with their crisp cotton sheets and comforters were luxurious! The room service, while expensive, is lovely. The pool, jacuzzi and workout room are quite nice. The front desk and concierge staff is very efficient and extremely polite. Nightly turndown service is a bit more extensive than most hotels...they refresh your ice, your towels are replaced, curtains drawn, beds turned back, and of course, delicious chocolates! I am a freqent traveler to New York City, but my stay at the Langham has made Boston my new favorite vacation spot! The Langham reminds me of the New York Palace, my favorite hotel in New York, because of its understated elegance, great service and beautiful surroundings.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Schrodinger Cat
<Content>Excellent location, average/fair service This hotel's location is excellent, close to restaurants, waterfront, etc. But - price/performance was unimpressive for a hotel in this class: Lobby wireless access @ 10$/hr.; none in conf. rooms Room was sometimes not cleaned until after 3:00 No re-supply of room coffee service after first day! No newspaper delivery No bill under the door at checkout Outrageous (even for Boston) parking feesRestaurant fare was good, but not memorable. Most notably - no patrons! At no time did I see more than one or two other tables of diners. Probably won't stay there agian.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>peterEastNorthport
<Content>Lovely hotel, but watch for extra charges We stayed there for four nights this past weekend,  the Langham is a luxurious hotel with a great location  excellent service. Concierge is especially helpful Gym  swimming poll are also very good, as if food. When I checked out there were extra charges for phone calls  valet parking which were not supposed to be there, and they did take them off. They still charged me $11 to place one long-distance phone call. I just e-mailed them  told them that not everyone who stays there is a millionaire or big-time businessman on an expense account!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Janie M
<Content>Lovely Stay We had 3 nights at the Langham in early July, and thoroughly enjoyed them. Very frienldy, helpful staff, lovely breakfasts and a great bar. The compact gym (3 running machines - hurrah!) and the pool were excellent. We had a superior room which was nice, just right.The hotel is quite close to Quincy Market, but we were expecting more of the area - I imagine it will be wonderful when they have finished developing the river front, nearby.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TxTravelPro
<Content>Nice Hotel but no WOW factor...       Now, the other direction  
<Date>Jul 23, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>maryanne62
<Content>Wonderful Hotel Just spent 4 days at the Langham, and it was lovely. The prior comments on unfriendly staff had me concerned, but the staff could not have been nicer or quicker to provide advice and maps. We were upgraded to a deluxe room, as was my mother, and the location just across from the health club was great for children.Overall I would highly recommend this hotel, the location, people and facilities were wonderful.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>YorkyLassFlorida
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed at this hotel over Fourth of July Weekend. The rooms are beautiful with robes and slippers complimentary. The hotel is located in the financial district which is only a short walk to Boston Common and Newbury St for shopping. Food is expensive as you would expect in a hotel of this standard but if you are on a budget a au bon pain is a short walk away.We will definetly stay again when next in Boston.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Daoda
<Content>A few things lacking Five star prices but not quite five star quality or service. Front desk and concierge were not as solicitous as I would expect and they seemed understaffed. Beds were too firm. Rooms are nice, but then there would be aspects that were cheap, like the light switches which were old and yellowed. Blinds didn't adequately cover the windows. If you get a good weekend rate, then it's fine, but otherwise it's not worth the prices they charge.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MicheleParis
<Content>A good business hotel that's it ! I definitely agree with this previous review saying that it is a very typical large US hotel that feels fairly clinical and lacks any sort of charm.The reception staff didn't make any attempt to make me feel welcome. I have stayed at a few of the Luxury Hotels of the World and was surprised to see that this hotel was a member. The roof of the swimming pool is terrible and need to be fixed. The ladder of the swimming pool is rusty.I have to ask 3 times to get a bathrobe (which was supposed to be in the bathroom !).All in all - a solid hotel but not an outstanding Deluxe 5* one! Good for business man but not for someone looking for a wonderful deluxe refined experience.However, the bar is a really nice place. It's just a lack of atmosphere.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>JaneMFraser
<Content>One of the better hotels I have stayed in. I stayed in the hotel for 3 days and unfortunately landed there on the weekend of the Memorial Holiday which meant that we were unable to sample the restuarant as it was closed. We had no problems with the staff.Our room was lovely, but our bathroom was very much on the small size. There was no way you were getting two people in there at the same time and we are not big people.Apart from that I would recommend this hotel in the future.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Chocolate Dreams I travel often to Boston for work and to visit friends, but I鈥檝e not been able to find a 鈥渞egular鈥?hotel to stay during my trips. Based on reviews, my itinerary for the weekend, and the fact it has a Chocolate Bar on Saturdays 鈥?I decided to stay at the Langham. The hotel was beautiful, staff (and guests) was very nice, and the room was perfect. Everything in the room worked correctly and was sparkling clean; the view was lovely overlooking the park, and the work space was just right for my laptop, papers, etc. Shops, restaurants, subway and my friends were only a short walk away. Now to the best part, the Chocolate Bar. I noticed on the Langham website there is a Chocolate Bar every Saturday (not sure if it鈥檚 seasonal), so my friends and I made plans to go. It was a Chocolate Dream, very good and fresh. All different types, not just the normal milk chocolate. The Chocolate Bar was a nice treat to lovely visit at the Langham and Beantown. I can honestly say I have a regular hotel in Boston now (even if the Chocolate is seasonal). :o)  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>symantix
<Content>A Great $160 Hotel We stayed @ the Langham this weekend, and we were able to secure a promotional rate of $160 per night for a deluxe room. Since this is an LHW property, we were very excited and looked forward to a very memorable stay.Unfortunately, I agree very much with the last reviewer from England. While the hotel meets all of the objective criteria of a 5 star property, it lacks the subjective feel or charm that a true 5 star property would have.The doorman and reception staff were cold and treated us with a stuffy sort of propriety that seemed forced. The hotel was only running @ 80% occupancy, with most of the 12 suites empty (per the telephone reservations agent). I requested an upgrade in writing the week before, and requested one again in person upon arrival. We were flat out denied any sort of upgrade unless we got out of the promotional price bracket and into the standard price bracket. It would have been DOUBLE the price just to get a suite that was 100 sq. feet larger. If we wanted a bigger suite, it would have been much more.On the other hand, the concierge, restaurant staff, and barkeep were very accommodating, and they made us feel like we were in a 5 star property. The Julien Bar was stunning and had live piano in the background.Our deluxe room was actually quite large and comfortable, with a walk in closet, ample dressing room, and all of the standard amenities that one would find in a Holiday Inn. The problem was that this is not a Holiday Inn; it is a member of the famed Leading Hotels of the World. The bathroom was average size, but nothing extraordinary. The toiletries were utter junk. Internet access was $15 extra per day, which is strange considering that many hotels that cost less offer high speed internet for free. There was no fax in the room, although the hotel considerately placed a 6-jack power strip at the desk. This was very convenient for phone and computer chargers.One odd thing is that we received a fax during our stay, but it was not delivered to our room. The business office called up and told us that we could pick it up from the front desk. THAT was NOT 5 star service.The bottom line: Stay @ The Langham if you get a promotional rate for less than $200 per night. I would never pay full price to stay here, as it is NOT a true 5 star hotel.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lacking in atmosphere You can't really fault the Langham for facilities - impressive lobby/ large comfortable beds/ a reasonable, if small, health centre/ decent bathrooms(i.e. it ticks all the right boxes to get a 5* rating), but otherwise it is a very typical large US hotel that feels fairly clinical and lacks any sort of charm.If you are travelling on business, it is a safe bet - you know what you are going to get - but I wouldn't recommend it for those on holiday, particularly for the price as it isn't cheap and is easily forgettable.The reception staff were fairly unenthusiastic on arrival (giving the impression that they just process the hundreds of business people that pass through their doors every week), and didn't make any attempt to make us feel welcome. They gave us no indication of where any of the facilities were located within the hotel and when we asked for directions to the bar were told that it was closed due to a wedding.I have stayed at a few of the Luxury Hotels of the World and was surprised to see that this hotel was a member as it lacks the atmosphere and any of the extra touches that you expect of a hotel of that class.All in all - a solid hotel but just not for someone looking for genuinely 5* experience!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mcd63
<Content>Very nice The room was clean with good toiletries, towels and bedding. The lobby was nice. All employees were very nice and helpful. The only down side is the location. It is a short walk to major attractions, but the area is really more of an office area so not a lot is going on in the immediate area. I would definitely stay there again. I got a good deal that made it worth a short walk.  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charm and class in Boston With probably Boston's most charming bar (wooden-panels, high ceilings, and large comfortable seats), modern cafe-style restaurant and the still excellent Julien, the Langham is every bit as great as it was under its previous management company Le Meridien. In fact, I even think the rebranding has brought in a welcome cash infusion to make a great hotel even better. And the best news: while the brand has changed, the management and staff is still the one that has made this place my first choice when I pass through Boston. I prefer the smaller more intimate hotels like this one to the large tourist complexes in the city.  
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>European Hospitality without the attitude. I just stayed at this great hotel. I had just flown in from Los Angeles on the red eye from Detroit and didn't get into the hotel until 2AM. I had my luggage lost at the airport and nothing with me except my briefcase and laptop! The Front desk clerk was a lovely young women who made me feel very much at home although I was anything but home. She arranged a distress kit for me containing all the items I needed until Northwest returned my bags. That evening the clerk arranged for a t-shirt and shorts to be sent up for me to use until my bags arrived. I was blown away! My bags arrived in the morning in time for me to have a meeting in the hotels Cafe. I felt like a different person. The restaurant was bright and busy when I arrived. The host sat me at a large table until my morning appointment arrived. I was glad to have a table large enough to conduct business and not thrown in the corner on a small table for two. They obviously are used to business clientele as the room was packed with well dressed people conducting their own business. After a day of long meetings I relaxed in the jacuzzi and unwound. The health club was clean and well organized if albeit a little on the small size. I finished my reports over a Sam Adams and the best burger I had ever had in a hotel room. I still have my Boston shirt the clerk gave me and will always stay with my new favorite hotel in Boston.  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Boston Hotel from tthe moment we arrived, we felt at home in this beautiful Bostonian Hotel. The staff was very gracious and helpful. The room was large, spacious and comfortable. We dined at both restaurants and fond them both delicious. The reason we choose the Langham was its ideal location. All of the additional amenities made it the perfect hotel for us.  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My Home Away From Home For nearly two decades it has been my great pleasure to have frequented The Langham Hotel (formerly Le Meridien) in Boston. Interestingly, there has been a welcome consistency to the standard of excellence across my stays which I attribute, in large part, to the tone set by management under the guiding hand of the ever detail-oriented General Manager, Mr. Serge Denis.My perspective is that of a business traveler. As such, I place a premium on efficiency, reliability and service as time is of the essence with a typical day crammed with back to back meetings. My experiences with the concierge desk, front desk staff and room service personnel have been most positive especially when provided advance notice of special requests. I have also found the location of the facility to be unmatched placing me within walking distance of most meetings with those in the financial industry.Another nice feature is the atmosphere of a boutique property with the amenities of a larger institution making for a more secure environment particularly comforting to a female executive traveling alone. Overall, I can honestly state I consider this hotel my home away from home when visiting Boston.  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AKhanLondon_England
<Content>Fab hotel!! I loved the Boston Langham Hotel in every way - the decor, service, peace and quiet, and discreet luxury, all of it was just right. It was a joy to have everything run so smoothly e.g. the hairdryer's fuse had blown, and a call brought the engineer up to fix it in less than 2 minutes! The Broadband access in the room meant I could use my laptop to keep in touch with home and office - it is the perfect place for business. It is also ideal for shopping, with all the great shops within 5 mins walking distance. But it was not cheap, specially breakfast and room service!! However if someone else is paying, or you want to splash out and feel pampered, go spoil yourself..... you will without a doubt have wonderful memories :)  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel We stayed there for 3 nights in January and found it really relaxing after long days sightseeing. loved the hotel and got a special deal including breakfast for $149 per room from MOTT. Our room overlooked the street but the area was quiet at night time and we had no problem sleeping. The hotel is in a good location as its not too far to a number of T stops and close enought to walk to Boston Common, the Harbour etc. The only complaint I would have is that on one evening we wanted to eat in as it was so cold outside but the cafe closes at 4 so the only choice is too eat at The Julien which appeared a bit too fancy for us on that occasion (i.e. we did n't feel like dressing up for dinner). We ordered room service instead and that was fine.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pam_Shapiro_2004
<Content>Loved The Langham!! We have just returned from a stay at The Langham Hotel, Boston, and would thoroughly recommend it. It's centrally located, many places easily walkable. Hotel is full of character, being previously the Federal Bank building. Lounge areas and bar were beautiful. Good bar menu too. Main restaurant, The Julien, rather French and fancy for our tastes, but obviously very upmarket. Piano player in the bar in the evenings added a nice ambiance. Breakfasts not unduly expensive and you could buy a la carte, so not having to pay full buffet price for just coffee and croissants. Our room was very pleasant and comfortable (had to change from the one first allotted because that was very small). Very comfy beds, nice smooth and soft cotton bedlinen, towels changed twice a day.Also room very quiet - not a noisy hotel - all guests respected other people, which was a refreshing change in today's world of hustle and bustle.Overall, a very good choice for a few days in Boston, and we would thoroughly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Glaxtitute
<Content>Can't say enough good things! My mom and I had never been to Boston before when we stayed at The Langham. We can't say enough great things about it! The bed was one of the most comfortable I'd ever slept in. The sheets were so soft and the king size down pillows were nicer than the ones I have at home! Bathroom was enormous and the terry robes, although gigantic on me, were super soft. The complimentary slippers were a nice touch also. The staff was very accomodating. We didn't like the view from our room (the pool area) so they immediately offered to change it for us. Unfortunatly there weren't any other rooms available but at least they tried! The conceirge was always there to answer all our questions and didn't even get impatient with the 100's of questions my mother has. However, he did make one bad reccommendation with regard to dinner the one night (Chow Chow City in Chinatown... yuck!) We even made such good friends with Marc the doorman we brought him back pastries the one night! The hotels central location is in walking distance to everything! I would most definately stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, but where is everyone? I just returned from a three night stay at the Langham hotel Boston and I feel I need to tell someone. I have stayed there many times for weekend trips to boston, but this time was different. There seemed to be a visible lack of staff at the hotel, even though the rate I paid on this trip was just as high as others. The front desk did not seem to have a manager working, and the two clerks were always occupied. The concierge desk only had one man working, and there was only one bellman that I saw. We went to the Concierge twice looking for suggestions, but with the amount of people waiting to speak to him, we decided to just try it on our own. We tried to ask the reception for help, but they refered us to the concierge. We really like this hotel, but if they are going to charge this much, we expect to recieve the service we are paying for.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eggtmt
<Content>Great hotel, great location   showReview(2825335, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a great bed!   showReview(2442096, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lopo147
<Content>Outstanding!   showReview(2349830, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Langham!   showReview(2226277, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beware of facades!   showReview(2079432, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great escapade   showReview(1725366, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a wonderful visit   showReview(1647474, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible stay; Unfrendly staff small standard rooms;   showReview(1130058, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exquisite!   showReview(835472, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extremely Dissapointed.......   showReview(751785, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lo consigliamo. La spesa vale...   showReview(20358805, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>harpoParis
<Content>Tr猫s bon service   showReview(19456408, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bellissimo   showReview(18525096, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>meine Adresse in Boston   showReview(18525095, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage   showReview(11667050, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un h么tel incontournable   showReview(11430564, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima alternativa tra tanti validi hotel di Boston   showReview(11346292, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pour visiter Boston 脿 pied   showReview(11346291, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍚勭ó瑕冲厜鍚嶆墍銇嬨倝杩戙亸...   showReview(19924635, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

