<Author>littleminx_01
<Content>Amazing holiday       Garden staff climbing trees to remove dead leaves - attention to detail at its best!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mr6
<Content>Great Place wonderful Beach We vacationed the week of New Year 2008-2009, and we had a great experience. The resort was full of Europeans so there were very few English speaking people and lots of topless women on the beach. The resort was very clean, no loud music on the beach or by the pool and lots and lots of shade. There are no hot tubs by the pool. We saw a couple by the spa but they did not look very enticing. It was a challenge to get a seat on the beach, one of us had to wake up early and snag some chairs. There are some activities like water polo, archery, rifler shooting, etc...No activities for teens or preteens. Also, we were allowed to rent canoes and sailboats once a day for one hour. All motorized sports we had to pay for. There were 2 eating facilities by the beach but none at the pool. Although, it was a short distance to get food from the beach facilities. There were no attendants coming around with drink orders as we had in other Iberostar resorts. The food was OK nothing great, but plenty of variety so that everyone can find something to eat. At one of the beachside eateries they had a different special selection every day for lunch. We did reserve a few restaurants for dinner which were pretty good. Stay away from La Marimba. The food was unusually bad there. Our rooms were spacious, nice tub in the bathroom, and kept very clean. There was a small fridge stocked with water beer and soda. There is no room service. The TV was very small and we had to have it fixed when we arrived. There were very few channels in English. CNN, BBC a movie channel and a cartoon channel. At night there is not much to do. There is a show every night, but it is quite bad. Also, the theater area is very smoky. Bring games since there are lots of places in the lobby to sit and play. The pool closes at 7:00 so there is no swimming at night. Overall the place had a European feel to it. Including the smoking everywhere.There were a couple of bad incident that I can report. One was about a song that was played during one of the beach activities which had very perverse words. We brought it to the attention of management, but they did not cease to play it the next day. We had a bunch of young teens with us that got quite an education from that song. Another was that we were not told not to brush our teeth with the tap water until the second day we were there. Apparently the water in the rooms does not get filtered. Only one member in our group got sick, but we came prepared with medicines from home. Also, there is an entrance fee into the Dominican Republic of $10 per person and an exit fee of $20 per person in cash, which we did not know about.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	3	4	1	

<Author>HJS11
<Content>Excellent vacation at the Iberostar Punta Cana       The hotel  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>ttizzytats
<Content>The worst experience ever!! Never stay at ib punta cana! PLEASE DO NOT USE UR CREDIT CARD/DEBIT CARDS AT THIS RESORT. OUR CARD GOT MAXED OUT AFTER WE PAID FOR OUR 9 MONTH OLD TO SEE THE DOCTOR IN THE CLINIC!!!!!!!Okay, well I dont even know where to start, so I will just list and explain...THE HOTEL-1. The front desk staff is the worst. I was traveling with my fiance (27yrs old) and our daughter (9month old) and my sister and her boyfriend. Our travel agent informed us that she already requested a crib be in our room when we got there. We arrived around check in time which was 3pm. I asked them is the crib in my room yet? They said no we will have one in there really soon. Well the crib didn't come till 9:30pm and 5 phone calls later. I spoke to the supervisior and he said well there is nothing I can do!!! Ummm your the supervisior what do you mean there is nothing u can't do. Reason I was really angry was because my daughter goes to bed at 8pm and was really tired from the flight and heat. 2. I asked for a few wake up calls and never received them, the morning of check-out I called to ask for someone to get my luggage at 10:30am because my bus was at 11:05am and no one showed up. I called the front desk and they said oh, we'll send someone up now. Horrible!!!!3. The ceiling was leaking. Our tv didn't work for 2 days. I called about 10 times no one ever came. Then finally a repair guy came at 10pm looked at the tv and said i'll be back in 10mins, he never showed up. I had to call the next day till someone finally came. My sisters room was also leaking horribly, her tv was broken the minute they got in the room. 4. THIS SHOULD HAVE BEEN NUMBER 1....PLEASE DO NOT USE YOUR CREDIT CARDS/ DEBIT CARDS!!!!!!My daughter spiked a fever on 12/16/08, I took her temperature and it was kinda high so we took her to the doctor in the hotel. They charged us $100 to tell us what we already knew. They are not doctors, more like paramedics. They recommeneded I take a cab to the hospital outside the resort to see a pediatrician. *******OKAY WELL AFTER WE USED OUR CARD BECAUSE WE SPENT ALL OF OUR MONEY TIPPING THE WAITERS, WHEN WE GOT BACK HOME OUR DEBIT CARD WAS MAXED OUT!!!!TRANSACTIONS WERE DONE ABOUT A DAY AFTER WE USED THE CARD AT THE CLINIC. PEOPLE BEWARE!!!!!!!!!!!!!****5. Please be careful how you're walking. This is the most slippery resort ever. My uncle and his father and family arrived a few days before us and they were walking and his father slipped and fell really hard on his head. They rushed him to the hospital and recommended he take a $30,000 plane back to the U.S. to get the required help. Well long story short he had a stroke from falling and passed away a few days ago. Almost everyone in that resort is walking around with a bandaged arm or leg or in a wheelchair because of all the accidents. They painted over the rocks so there for it is way slippery. So people please watch how you're walking and don't allow your children to run. The waiters in the restaurant were friendly and nice, maybe because we tipped really really well. Breakfast was the best, lunch was ummm just really okay. I'm not one of those people that are hard to please, i'm extremely low maintanence. So if you are a hard person to please you will hate the food. Dinner, the meats were almost always not cooked fully, the fries i loved and maybe the burgers if it was fully cooked. Reservations....1. oriental restaurant-Loved the appetizers...the food itself sucked, we did not touch it. Do not try the sweet n sour pork with shrimp on the wok...My sister had the duck and she liked it..Thats about it!!2. The seafood -la marimba (not sure if i spelled it right)GROSSSSSSSSSS....this was our 1st reservation and after this we didn't wana try anything else. My sister ordered something called camerones which is pasta with seafood in sauce. They brought her just pasta with no sauce nothing, how could you miss that? I had the samething and it was not good at all. Please dont bother with this restaurant.3. The lobster restaurant,, think its called la sibila...Just mention lobster restaurant....HANDS DOWN THE BEST! SHOULD HAVE USED ALL MY RESERVATIONS ON THIS!!everything was yummy, we ended up tipping the chef himself and we tipped the staff about $15. I noticed alot of people finish there food and just get up n leave without tipping a few bucks. This place is worth it to tip....Well that sums it up..Dont ever stay here. Dont use your cards and watch how you walk.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>UkPrincess13
<Content>Amazing hotel, fantastic holiday!       Beach  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>sarahsafari
<Content>Unsafe, fights, theft, poor management. I would not recommend this resort to women, families with kids or elderly. It is an Unsafe, disorganized and poorly managed resort.My husband and I traveled to Punta Cana, Bavaro Iberostar Hotel and Resort for our first anniversary in Aug 2008. My parents, bother-in-law and his wife joined us as well. This was my second time in Punta Cana, but first time at Bavaro Iberostar in Punta Cana. We had been to other Iberostar hotels in Mexico before and liked it a lot.The lobby and appearance of the resort is nice like most Iberostars, so we were very excited when we arrived at the hotel after an exhausting flight from Los Angeles. To our disappointment, this hotel was managed very poorly: We encountered two major problems: Poor Service and more importantly poor Security!The front desk (check-In) was a disaster: We were not greeted or acknowledged. They had misplaced our reservation records and it took them 3 hours to find our names in their system just to tell us our rooms which had been assigned to us originally, were sold to other guests just last week and there were no more rooms available at the resort for the first 4 nights of our one week stay! Please note that since we travel frequently to different destinations around the world, we do our homework before the trip. We had called and double checked our reservation directly with the hotel staff before departing LA. We also had a copy of my credit card bill reflecting hotel charges (paid in full for 6 people, 3 ocean view suites, 8 nights) and the reservation detail confirmation email with us handy! They had simply sold many more rooms than they had available. They told us we would have to transfer/downgrade to a much cheaper neighboring hotel/resort for the first 4 nights and they will accommodate us starting the 5th night of our stay. We also had to pay for the new resort/hotel stay!!!! Naturally we declined their offer!In the end, after arguing back and forth, they miraculously found 3 rooms at our resort (Bavaro) for us. But the room type was not what we had paid for. These were cheaper, smaller rooms with no view! We had no other option but to accept it and move on.As of today, They have not yet reimbursed us the difference!They did smile and apologized in the end and promised they would make it up to us during our stay. They also said they would send 3 fruit baskets to our rooms as apology gift. You can probably guess that we never received anything! The problem was not the missing records, but that No one cared enough to take charge to try to resolve the problem. They kept us standing for 3 hours at front desk, thirsty, hot and exhausted and nervous. We asked for at least water to drink and they kept saying Sure, we have phoned the bar and they will bring you some water in a minute!, but it never arrived. All the check in troubles aside, the major problem is the SECURITY in this resort:Before I go into details, please note that no locals were involved in any of the incident and all the troublemaker were among hotel guests/ tourists. Also, the local police/judge were extremely professional and helpful. There were fist fights over chairs next to the pool and towels almost regularly. The security staff did too little to supervise or break the fights. As if their only job was to just hang out, dance and joke with guests and nothing more! The incidents were too frequent and too violent to ignore. My husband and I personally witnessed two incidents of violence attacks (One against a young lady) and one theft which ended in violence, all in front of security staff right at the pool side in the middle of the day. My husband, I and my brother in law brought them up to the manager's attention at different points of time. We decided to report it to local police, since management refused to take any reports on anything regarding security. The general manager tried to stop us from reporting to the police. He tried to stop us from calling the police by refusing to give us the local law enforcement contact numbers. The general manager simply put it this way: If the police gets involved, it will hurt my Hotel reputation! We took it in our own hands with some other guests (two nice couples from Latin America and one from Europe) and rented a car to the closest police station to report the situation at the resort. We were received by the local Judge after an hour wait. She heard our case and ordered the police to check on the situation in the hotel and investigate/question the hotel security staff about the management cover ups. She mentioned the tourists' security is a priority in Punta Cana due to the scale of Tourism Industry in that region. Police forces showed up at the hotel quickly to talk to the hotel staff and guest regarding the cover ups of violence and theft cases. The manager had to listen and take the guests complaints seriously this time!After arresting a few guests and interviewing witnesses who came forward, the judge ordered one group of guests immediate deportation from the resort which was enforced by police the next morning!We could not wait to get out of there, thank god we are home safe and sound. Let me repeat 2 important notes in the end:First, All of the criminals were among tourists, not locals.Secondly, The action of Punta Cana Law enforcement and judge was very quick, professional and efficient.They really take tourism security very seriously. We will definitely go back to beautiful and peaceful Punta Cana, Dominican Republic. Though we would not go back to Bavaro Iberostar.I would not recommend this particular resort to women, families, or elderly. It is an Unsafe, disorganized and poorly managed resort.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>lizzigentry
<Content>Another Excellent stay at IB Punta Cana       See the Pool!!!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>4Kows
<Content>Would Not Go Back Iberostar Punta Cana, Dominican Republic: Would Not Go BackDate: April 2008Reviewer: Chicago, IL, USAWe stayed at the Iberostar Punta Cana for 7 nights. There were no lines and no other tourists around when we arrived. As I proceeded to fill out the paperwork that the hotel required, the man behind the counter pulled out the wristbands. He put one on my daughter and then my husband put his arm out for his. The man behind the counter looked at him and in a harsh voice loudly said, Women first....or do you have a problem with that? My husband and I glanced at each other and he mumbled, She's filling out the papers. I tried to make light of it and told the man that we had been up since 3:00 am and my husband just wanted his wristband on so that he could get a cold beer. When we were all set to be taken to our room, we were told to go over to the bellhop station a few feet away. There was a man behind a counter looking down at some papers. We quietly stood at the counter waiting to be recognized, which didn't happen so I walked over to a man I saw loading luggage onto a golf cart vehicle. I asked him if he could take us to our room. He told us to put our luggage on the cart, which we did. He then pointed and said, Walk down there. I repeated, Walk down there...Where down there? This resort is huge! He just continued to point and drove away with our luggage. Several minutes later we were still walking down there not knowing how far to walk or which way to turn. None of the room numbers were even close to ours. I stopped a man who wore a guard uniform, obviously an employee of the resort and I asked if he could help us find our room. He looked my daughter and me up and down, turned, and walked away. My husband had gone the opposite direction trying to find our room and he came running through a corridor towards us. He said that he saw the cart with our luggage on it go by so we followed him back to that spot. That is how we found our room! We jogged after the golf cart! Our room was in one of the buildings on the 2nd floor! And being the nice Americans that we are, we tipped him!The resort was kept extremely clean, the maid service great, the room adequate, although the shower water was lukewarm to cool. The beach was fantastic and that is the best thing that I can say. We did not have any bar service at the pool area. You had to stand in line on the hot cement to get a 6 oz. drink with ice cubes (no frozen drinks). By the time you took your 4 or 5 sips, it was gone and you had to stand in line again. There was also no music at the pool area. They had a small area where games were played and they had some music there, but once the game was over so was the music and you could only hear the music if you were within this small area.The beach did have many topless bathers and men wearing speedos. We had our fun with that. They were not supposed to be in the pool area though, but many were. My 24-year old daughter, who is an early childhood special education teacher, found it disturbing to see topless 10 and 11 year old girls playing in the pool with their dads. The pool itself was very nice and there was an adequate supply of chairs.The evening shows were entertaining and gave you something to do in the evenings. The disco was empty and smelled damp and musty. The flamingo and birds were fun to watch walking around everywhere.We took a snorkeling tour and they tried to make as much fun for all of us as they could. The day was rainy and windy though and the water was wavy and choppy. If you were not a good swimmer, this was not a good tour to take, plus we were caged in a small area trying to see nurse sharks and stingray. Everyone was kicking up the sand so you couldn't see anything and it was so crowded that you just tried to protect yourself from the kicking flippers! Two guys had to be rescued as the current was so strong.The food at the buffets was so-so. Breakfast was the best meal, but they were out of orange juice one morning at 9:20 am. They never did fill it while we were there. The fruit bar was always low on items and the refilling took forever. I was in line for an omlet and the chef skipped right over me and went to the man behind me. I really don't see how that can happen, but this was a very strange vacation.There was only one line to make reservations to the ala-carte restaurants because the computers were down so that took a huge chunk out of your morning. We went to make our reservations right away the day we got there and we were told that the steak house was booked for the rest of the week (all 7 nights)!My daughter and husband were walking the beach one day and a woman overheard them talking. She quickly ran up to them and said, Oh my gosh, somebody that can speak english! She was from Canada and staying at a resort down the way. She wanted to know what they thought of our stay so far. They compared notes and she was in agreement that the service was not here!We are easy going people. We go on vacation to relax and have a good time. We tip well even when it is all-inclusive. We had been to Mexico several times so I guess we were comparing, but we found out that there is NO comparison!! The friendliness, warmth, courtesy, respect, and fun that you will find in Mexico is not in Punta Cana.The last straw was during our departure when we were on the bus headed to the airport. Upon leaving the resort, there were several country flags hanging at the gate outside the complex. The United States flag was hanging upside down!We will never go back to the Dominican Republic again!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	4	5	2	2	3	

<Author>CanTraveler77
<Content>Lovely holiday!       the beach  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	1	4	-1	

<Author>Tijoey
<Content>Definitely not what we expected!!! We really wanted to have a relaxing time at Punta Cana. I have two kids, a 7 years old and a 3 years old. My main priority was to find a Hotel that offered Kids Club from 3 years old so I could relax a bit with my husband.We booked Iberostar Punta Cana because they clearly specify in their web page that their KIDS Club starts from 3 years old.Knowing my priority my travel agent personally called the Hotel to make sure the Kids Club was offered to 3 years old. They assured her that they were going to take good care of both of my children. Once there I tried to leave both of my kids at the Kids Club but they said the 3 years old was too young. I asked to have a conversation with the manager in charge鈥fter a long time I meet someone who had no choice but say that they will have to honor what was posted on their English web page. Even thought they promised to, they did not do it. Every time I stopped at their place to leave my son they had an excuse鈥? They even ask for my son鈥檚 passport!!! It was unbelievable鈥?, when I tried to live him there they didn鈥檛 even try to play with him to make him comfortable and of course, he cried and I couldn鈥檛 leave him there.It made me feel miserable and I really loosed a lot of time because of that.We also have problems with the phone. It didn鈥檛 work and we requested approximately. 7 times to have it changed. They didn鈥檛 listen. To put a claim I had to go to the reception area (the reception area was pretty far away from my room) and every time they told me the same excuse, they said that I didn鈥檛 put a claim!!!! Unbelievable 鈥?.. Same thing with the TV remote control鈥? They don鈥檛 seem to care about the things you request from them. It doesn鈥檛 make you feel warm and happy! Simply they don鈥檛 care!!!Another concern was the floor around the pool. It was really slippery!!!!! Very dangerous. It was not safe for the children or even the adults.They offer seven different restaurants on site but they limited your dining to three times at the specialty restaurants鈥? If you stay 7 nights they just let you make reservations to 3 restaurants.Another thing to say is that most of the restaurants there don鈥檛 have A/C. (I believe justTwo of them have A/C) making dinner kind of uncomfortable after a hot day at the beach鈥?.Also I would like to say that they offer breakfast until 12:00 pm but they close the restaurants around 11:30 am so if you are not an early bird you are going to have to wait until they open lunch鈥?They don鈥?care about what they have posted on their pamphlets. Same thing with lunch time鈥?I wouldn鈥檛 recommend this hotel to my friends鈥t wasn鈥檛 the best experience. I believe Dominican people are very nice but this hotel wasn鈥檛 the best choice we made.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	2	2	2	2	2	

<Author>zina1218
<Content>Great resort for the Money We travelled to the Iberostar Punta Cana with 15 members of my family ranging. There were 8 kids ranging in age from 8-16, grandparents, and my sister and her husband and me  my husband. I have been to the Iberostar in the Riviera Maya twice and I can say that the Punta Cana was alot smaller than the one in Mexico, but that worked to our advantage. We really enjoyed the proximity of the beach and the pool. The kids had a fabulous time with all the activities and the older ones especially enjoyed the disco, which is available to teenagers every night from 9-11 p.m. I felt especially safe at the resort, as the older kids were able to roam around the resort and check in with us every couple of hours. The food was better than average. They had two paellas the week I was there on two separate occasions. The staff does not speak English very well, but somehow we managed to get our points across. I cannot begin to tell you how much fun the kids had, they met other kids from different countries and had a blast. The only drawback is that there is no air conditioning in the lobby area, and in the buffet so it can quite hot!! Overall, great time the beach was amazing!!! Would highly recommend this place for the money is was definitely worth it.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Cruiseyesplease
<Content>I wish i could go back to the Iberostar I can only really say that this hotel was THE BEST we have ever ever stayed at. We renewed our wedding vows here in 2005 flying with FIrst Choice and staying through them - all booked online. We simply had the best two weeks of our life here. The otel, food, staff, entertainment, safety, pools,location was fantastic. I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough. I would with all of my family hop on a plane tommorrow and stay forever if the option was available. Anyone who wants to stay here will have a fantstic time, trust me. This place is amazing.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ekent83
<Content>Cant go wrong at Iberostar !       lobster at the gourmet restaurant  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dablonde01
<Content>A Little Bit of Paradise with a Great Staff! I have relied on this site for numerous trips, and have found the reviews extremely helpful, therefore, I decided to 'give back' a little bit of information about my latest trip with the intent of providing some hints and ideas for the next person traveling to this location. Initially, we had decided to book our stay at the Dominicana but Apple Vacations site displayed the Punta Cana as the best hotel of the two. We spent a week at the Iberostar Punta Cana which is a sister hotel (ie. all inclusive exchange privileges) of the Iberostar Dominicana. As such, it is important to note there are only a few differences in the accommodations: The Punta Cana does not have a thermostat to control the air conditioning in your room, only a dial to turn it 'off' and 'on' while adjusting the fan level (ie, low, med., high). Also, the air conditioning shuts off when the patio door is open, or when you leave your room (ie. your door card unlocks the door and turns on the air conditioning!). Unfortunately, we had problems with our air conditioning and it stopped working on three separate occasions. There was a ceiling fan in the bedroom. In addition, the safe in the room would not unlock on two separate occasions, which required contacting the staff for assistance. These are the only problems we encountered on our trip. Our room was located on the second floor (ie. Floor 1) which had a balcony with a pool view (obtained when we checked in and slipped the clerk $20 cash) to obtain, or upgrade,List of things you should pack for convenience, a bottle opener (the only one is on the bathroom wall) There is an electrical outlet in the bathroom (beneath the hair dryer) and another in the bedroom but you MUST take an adapter with two identical prongs (they are for sale in the Dominicana shop for one dollar) if you need to charge your cell phone, or anything. If your phone doesn't work, find Andy Williams in the Dive Center, he will buy you time on a card and program a phone for you, all for $7 and you can call on it until you have used up your first twenty minutes. The phone in the room also includes a number for people from the US to reach you in your room: [--]. (There could be a fee for using this number.) . And while we are on communications, a set of walkie-talkies would sure come in handy to keep up with your friends within the complex because it is quite large. The lobby bars make the best drinks and the beach bars make horrible drinks. There are soda 'tap' machines available for the 'do-it-yourselfer'. The buffets were not air conditioned but all the food was good. The specialty restaurants allowed walk-ins when there was an available table. (Recommend you make your specialty restaurant reservations on your first day.) Suggest you make a trip to the bank before you leave home and take a lot of $2 dollar bills to use as tips. Note: If you use the bank atm while in the DR, please count your change carefully, and then speak with management. Suggest tipping the maid each day, if you desire. Most personnel work 14 days then they are off 2 days. And American $2 bills are a special 'tip' treat. Finally, if you like a very hard bed, this is your paradise. (Personally I had to sleep on four pillows because the bed was worn out.) We had a great time and would definitely go back.. Hope some of this helps you to enjoy your vacation even more!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	3	5	5	2	

<Author>Weary Travellery
<Content>Overall OK, but no better than that This Iberostar resort is actually THREE resorts, all of which share some facilities and which can result in some interesting situations, not to mention getting hopelessly lost after sundown (note to Iberostar - not all tourists pack night vision goggles). We stayed at the Punta Cana. Directly across from it is the identical Dominicana, and adjacent to that is the Bavaro Suites complex. Even though we had ground floor rooms, we were in the middle of the single large building so it was a longgggggggggg trek to anywhere, beach or dining. To the specifics:Airport: The usual tourist tax shakedown at the airport, and the usual mob scene with everyone trying to hustle you into their special just for you, senhor bus. We booked through Funjet, which uses VIP Travel Services in the DC. He was there with his sign and conducted us swiftly to our bus. The 40-minute ride to the hotel reminds you that you ain鈥檛 in Kansas anymore, but I found it less cluttered and cleaner than Mexico. Check-In: Fairly smooth, but it would be nice if there were a few working ceiling fans in the open-air lobby during the heat of the day. The kids loved spotting all the turtles and lizards on the rocks in the central open courtyard fountain. Word of caution: Do not depend on the front desk people to know what is going on in the resort, we were there over New Year鈥檚 and they were completely clueless, which meant we went to the wrong place for the biggest party.Rooms: Adequate by all-inclusive standards, no better than that. We did have a nice private outside balcony, complete with swimsuit drying rack. The wall sockets are as others have said, bring an extender from home or buy one in the gift shop. Maid service every day was punctual and thorough, and a written request and a few dollars kept our refrigerator and coffee fixings fully stocked throughout our stay. My only real complaint is that the bathroom is very small and the shower stall is quite dark, making it a safety hazard for older guests. Be prepared for at least some fun and games with your electronic safes, but once they put new batteries in, ours worked flawlessly. Never a shortage of towels as others have noted.Grounds: One word 鈥?beautiful. And the roving flock of flamingoes, plus the odd duck or two, really made it quite tropical.Beach: Here is where sharing one beach with two resorts gets kind of silly 鈥?that and the fact that Europeans apparently LOVE to get up before dawn to reserve a sun lounger or covered palapa. It was always a hunt to find my Dad a spot in the shade when we would finally go down there about midday, but the boardwalk that goes from the pool down to the surf鈥檚 edge was much appreciated. The beach itself is great, clean and wide and white. Don鈥檛 bother looking for shells, though, the offshore reefs keep all the good stuff far beyond reach. We didn鈥檛 get to try the watercraft because the red flag flew every single day we were there.Activities: You are in the tropics. It WILL rain at some point. We were trapped inside the better part of a day by a gusty storm that drove the temperatures down into the low 60s. Bring a book or board game or something because the 鈥渋ndoor activities鈥?are skimpy. We skipped most of the shows, the few we saw were OK, no better than that.Food: A biggie at any all-inclusive, and what can make or break your vacation. All in all, I thought they did a good job, especially with the New Year鈥檚 Eve dinner (candlelight and lots of nice extra touches.) The day-to-day variety seemed adequate, although the crowds around the custom-dish stations required careful navigation if you鈥檙e a senior citizen. It is open air, so yes, there will be bugs. Compared to what you see in any of the local villages it鈥檚 well under control 鈥?deal with it and enjoy your food. This is not the US. One thing that worked great for us was sitting in about the same place for the same meal every day. The wait staff is assigned by tables, or zones, and if you leave a little something for them, they will practically knock you over to get drinks or extra silverware and the like. I never had to wait for coffee in the morning, he was heading our way as soon as we walked in the door. This is a poor country. Yes, you paid for all-inclusive, including tips, but a few bucks here and there can go an incredibly long way towards improving your experience.I will say this, but cannot lay the blame specifically on Iberostar 鈥?this is the only time I have ever suffered from drippy tummy, not full-blown diarrhea, but loose stools for almost a month after we got home. Never had any problem like this in three trips to Mexico and one each to Jamaica, the Caymans and Turks and Caicos. I think it was probably the water, but who knows. Not a trip-ending disaster by any means.Trips: We booked one trip through VIP, the Bavaro Runners Safari Adventures. Highly recommended, even for older travelers. You go up into the hills in a covered, open-sided bus with bench seats (and seat belts) and the trip was as advertised except for one thing 鈥?they no longer take you on a horseback right along the beach, but rather in a loop around a large meadow. Aside from that, going up into the hills, getting to visit the locals in their little villages, sample the cuisine, walk along a spectacularly deserted beach, and lunch in a mountaintop hideaway, made for a great day that young and old in our party enjoyed.Internet and Shops: Internet is in a small shop tucked away in a little plaza in front of the Dominicana. You have to get your access code and pay at the front desk of your hotel, however. I never had a wait or problem getting on. The gift shops in the hotels have the usual overprized collection of touristy stuff, but the beach vendors have almost the same prices for lower quality items. Your call.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>justalittlenote4u
<Content>We were alittle suprised! We just returned last night from our Iberostar Punta cana 7 day vacation. We were alittle suprised at the difference from the Iberostar Riveria Maya Vacation we took 3 months ago. There are 5 of us. My Husband, Myself, my 78 yr old Mom , My 17yr old daughter and 12yr old son. When we arrived at the airport We had to pay a 10.00 tax per person, So 50.00 for all of us. Its approx a 35 minute ride to the hotel. Check in was already set up for us so the fact that I needed a wheel chair for my mother didnt change the fact that we were on the 3rd floor. We had to take the elevators, didnt think it a big deal until we tried to get into it and the doors slam shut on us. Not like in the States where you put your arm out and it stops.. no this solid steel kept shutting. So the next day we went to the desk and said we wanted a room on the 1st floor. We Usually enjoy staying at the pool , the Beach is beautiful no question. The bigger pool with all the action is approx 5'6. We couldnt stand there and be comfortable It was over all our heads except my 6'3 husband who could stand on his tippy toes and be above water level. I know its called a swimming pool but I dont do much swimming.... My mother wouldnt even go in the bigger pool so we stayed at the smaller pool. Very dissapointed in that! The Buffet is in a huge hut style with ceiling fans, no air conditioning. Flys all over the food. I actually saw a dead fly one of the dishes and told a worker there, He walked over to it and turned to look at me and saw i was watching him and THEN removed the whole plate. I cannot say what he would have done if I wasnt watching, But I would think A quick pluck of the dead bug and Carry on!.. Shows are nightly, They try! This too is in a big hut type of covering, No air. It just seemed to all of us that we never were comfortable I know we went in August so its extremely hot, but we would have liked to be somewhat cool during meals or entertainment.We werent and due to that we always seemed to be tired! Our safe was locked and called down to have them come and unlock it and they never did. Top of shower was broken, Toilet paper holder was broken . I called for a extra pillow the 1st nght, I called 6:00. 8:00 10:00 then at 12:00. It wasnt until 12:00 that I was not nice. Maybe not a big deal to some, but I really didnt want much but these little things would have made me happy. All the Workers are very nice and they work very hard.We went to Iberostar Riveria Maya Mexico 3 months ago and found it to be much more superior to this hotel. I will be going Back to mexico for my next vacation for sure!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	-1	1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>kkt9900
<Content>Loved the Iberostar Punta Cana My family (2 adults/2 children) just returned from spending 7 nights/8 days at the Iberostar Punta Cana, DRHere are some highlights:1) Landscape - Beautiful, gorgeous, very clean, there were always workers working on the ground2) Pool - Huge, very warm water3) Food - Above average4) Service - Above excellent... The people there work so hard for so little money (1530 pesos/day which equal to about $44 US per day). The waiters/waitresses work from 7am-11pm each day for 12 days straight and then they get to go home for visits for 3 days - so PLEASE, PLEASE tip them. They appreciate it very much if you just tip them $1-$3 each meal. I mean, you still get the same great service regardless if you tip them or not.5) Same with the maids - Please tip them! We brought some school supplies for our maid's children and she appreciated it very much6) Entertainment - So so7) Beach - Gorgeous, powdery white sand but beware of topless sunbathers!8) Hotel workers - They always had a smile on their face, always said HolaWe would definitely return to the Iberostar Punta Cana just because of the great service we received.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>blue2065
<Content>Great Time! 鈥?Detailed Review鈥?#x201d; I did ALOT of research before arranging our vacation so I hope this reviews helps you. I tried to compile everything I read before I went into one review.I booked with Funjet Vacations aka VIP Travel and they did a great job! I (26yrs) traveled with my mother (48 yrs), aunt (46 yrs) and cousin (18 yrs). We had two rooms and even e-mailed reservations ahead of time to get 鈥減artial鈥?ocean views meaning it looked out over the pool and the ocean was through the trees, and rooms next to each other which worked out perfectly! I found that the Iberostar Punta Cana is the relaxing/quiet resort while the Iberostar Dominicana is the 鈥減arty鈥?side with all activities occurring there and having the disco and casino. Our intent in this vacation was to lay by the beach for 7 days and just relax so our side was perfect. Being in the sun all day does take a lot of out you! We were usually in bed by 10pm but a few nights we sat in one of the rooms and watched a movie that we hooked up to the TV via a portable DVD player, though we usually fell asleep.I read a lot of the reviews before we left so here is what I did and hope this helps you鈥?br/>1. Packed my clothes and then removed half before I left. For a 7 day vacation I wore my swim suit every day with a pair of gym shorts and flip flops. (I brought 4 and there is a drying rack on the balcony to dry them on. I would take a shower every day before dinner and throw my swim suit on the shower floor to rinse it out while I showered.) Then at night changed into a sundress with dressier flip flops at the beach bar is really on the beach and so is the steak house.2. I brought mostly small bills as the ATM only dispenses pesos and change is given in pesos so I wanted to ensure I always had exact change. For one week I brought $900 for two people (100 - $100; 10 - $10鈥檚; 10 - $20鈥檚; 2 - $50鈥檚; 4 - $100) I did tip the maid every day and the waiter's at the specialty restaurants and sometimes at dinner at the buffet.I payed for the zip line excursion ahead of time at www.bavarorunners.com and got 10% off and it was so much fun. It seems scary when they explain but it鈥檚 actually relaxing and you don鈥檛 go very fast. though i recommend wearing longish shorts as the harnis tends to ride up. I also payed for our snorkeling ahead of time for 15% off at www.dresseldivers.com so I didn鈥檛 need to bring money to pay for these things. I came home with $400 but we only spent maybe $200 on souvenirs, mostly painting. The front desk does give change in dollars for the larger bills, my aunt did this.We also did the ATV tour booked through VIP travel and it was so much fun also. We went to amazing beach half way through so wear your suit and lots of sunscrean on your back! And bring a bandana (or they sell them for $5) to cover your face to block the dust.3. Air freshener 鈥?most hotel rooms have that musty smell so this just made the room more pleasant.4. Called my credit card company before hand and let them know where I would be on what dates and the maximum amount I expected to spend. I did not use my credit card at all on this trip.5. TONS of sunscreen and after sun lotion. We only got burned in the areas that we 鈥渕issed鈥?with the sunscreen so I recommend applying SPF 15 EVERYDAY before going into the sun. Then really do keep applying. Though the cabana鈥檚 on the beach and the pool come in handy once you have had too much sun for the day. They are a great place to just read your book and relax.6. As soon as we got to the resort we booked our three meals so ensure there was space: Steakhouse, Oriental, Mexican. All were wonderful! And it was a really nice break from eating at the buffet everyday, which does get old after the 6th day but we managed and the food does change slightly each day.7. We woke up each day by 9am to eat breakfast then head to the beach till lunch (whenever we got hungry), then we would sit in the shade for a while. Then showered around 5pm and did dinner at 7pm. Then to the beach bar after dinner and walking around to the shops behind the Dominicana. The resort bar has better drinks but the beach bar was quieter with a GREAT view and a cute little pregant dog that just layed around. On the days we had excursions they take up most of the day so you don't get much beach time.8. mugs to keep water cold on the beach.9. Tums and Pepo Bismal though our stomachs never got upset, even with using the water to brush our teeth for the first couple of days10. don't let they guys at the airport carry your luggage! it is a VERY small airport and you will only need to walk 20 feet.Lastly a few more things just so you know what to expect...The safe in the room is free. the air conditioner does not require a key to turn on though it does get really cold even on low (we put our beach towls over us as well as all the covers and slept with socks on). The beach towels they provide are pretty nice and we just got fresh ones each day before dinner. Bring snacks for the room for late night treats. I had a European converter plug (circle outlet to slit outlet) to use as an extender to plug in the blowdryer which came in handy! Check-in at the airport takes a while so you should leave the resort 3 hours before flight departure (lines move fast but you have paper work to fill out). There is an internet cafe that is $5 for 30 minutes, we didn't use it. My aunt got an international call/text plan from ATT since my cousin at 18 yrsold can resist not texting. There are shops in the resorts and shops on a strip by the gym and some down the beach. ALWAYS haggle price. The sometimes start at $900 and you get it for $20. so have a price in your head for anything you want beforehand. Mostly the shops have the same things so shop around first.We didn do any of the un-motorized sports at the beach. There was a transportation strike on our second to last day so it was all closed and when we went the last day there were booked. So book a few days in advance if you want to get a catameran, or wind surf thing, or kayak.I did get a massage by the pool area which was AMAZING!! I totally recommend it to everyone! though make sure you get all the salt/sand off of you or it's more like an exfolliation treatment.Other than that the resort was beautiful, very clean and I didn't see any bugs the whole time I was there, though maybe one or two mosquito bites and everyone was SUPER nice that worked there and always willing to help you even with the language barrier. My cousin and I speak moderate french so I learned lot's of spanish translations. If I didn't know the word in spanish I just said it in french and they understood and then corrected me in spanish, which was really FUN! My mom and aunt did buy mama juana but had it taken away at customs cause you can't bring/check it on the plane unless it is in a sealed glass bottle and they had bought it in plastic bags. My aunt was able to buy more at the airport gift shop. That was really our only hicup the whole time. Just be patient cause it's a Caribbean pace down there and they don't know the word hurry. We all went with the mind set to just relax, go with the flow and enjoy the beach and the sun and WE LOVED IT!!!!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MMag86
<Content>Simple yet satisfying. This was our 2nd trip to the Punta Cana area, once in February 2007 and now in August 2008. While our first trip was to the newly built RIU Palace, the feel of the Iberostar Punta Cana was more inviting to the average person. The weather was beautiful, but if humidity or storms are a concern, you should travel during the month of February. The beach is soft, the water warm and the atmosphere relaxing. You can find a place to sit under the palms or the many palapas around the pool or the beach. The food is readily available and while not exactly 5 star, there is enough choices to satisfy the pickier eater. I would highly recommend reserving the La Cana steak house, La Pagoda Oriental restaurant or La Sibila gourmet restaurant. My personal opinion, if you would like to relax on a quieter side, stay near the La Cana steak house during the day, most people don't realize they serve a continental breakfast, lunch and bar. Most people crowd the other bar and restaurant by the Iberostar Dominicana, the adjacent property to the Punta Cana. If water sports is your thing, you'll be pleasantly pleased to have these facilites right at the beach to reserve Hobie Cats, kayaks, banana boat rides, parasailing, etc. The garden view rooms are quite nice due to the court yard having large groupings of palms, flamboyan trees and several other species to give you great ground cover and overhead canopies as you stroll through walkways day or night. One word of advice, walk carefully in all areas, rain, sprinklers, splashing from pools, dripping swimsuits and general humidity can cause the floors and walking areas to become rather slippery, the staff seems to do their best to keep the areas clean and dry to avoid slips and falls. The bottom line, if you are looking for a more laid back place to stay, that has more than enough pool or beach space to pacify a family, this place will definitely do the trick.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>juliejeffreys304
<Content>Excellent, Couldnt Fault it. We stayed in the Iberostar, Bavaro, Fantastic place. Coundnt fault it, food was execellent, loads to choose from. Entertainment was good, watching to storms out at sea where fantastic to watch too. Few of our group had icky belly's, but i think this was due to over indulgence. You cant drink the water from the taps, but all other water/ ice served is purified water. I have never seen so many happy people in one place, i would recommend this place to all...  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MouseinVirginia
<Content>Loved my picture window!       My picture window!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TexasChuck
<Content>Better than most reports My wife and I, along with our daughter (12) booked through Vacations to Go and stayed at the IB Punta Cana from July 28th through August 4th. This was our first trip to the Dominican Republic although we are, in no way, strangers to the Caribbean area resorts. For an all-inclusive resort, this differs from few in terms of what to expect. I've read numerous adverse posts from travelers upon returning complaining about this and that in terms of food, lodging, and the like. I was concerned after reading these postings that I may have booked prematurely. I was wrong. For what it's worth, the hotel, in all it's beauty, serves its purpose for the cost. We stayed in the 6000 series (newer/closer to lobby) rooms without having to tip beforehand. I tipped Miguel at the check-in $10 because of his professionalism and willingness to get us settled in promptly. It DID help that we were the only guests to arrive at the hotel at the time (2pm). We had an initial problem upon entering the room with a leaking ceiling just outside the bathroom door. Maintenance came and promptly alleviated the problem. Aside from that, our room was most comfortable and quite chilly (which I prefer). There were plenty of pillows (unlike what I've read previously) and the beds were quite firm. The towels were plentiful and our sheets WERE changed daily. We tipped the maid sporadically; however, that didn't seem to make much difference. Just let them know what you want stocked in the room/fridge and it will be taken care of. There was slow drainage in the showers, but that was not much of an issue. As far as the listings for tv, the options were few. We viewed more Judge Judy than we had in all the time in the states. :) If your safe is opened when you enter the room, there is no need to pay the $2.00 per day rental. Just hold the white key on the inside until it resets (turns green) and enter your own 4-digit code. The courtyard view from our room was exquisite. Yard maintenance was constantly outside grooming the areas. The evening shows on the Dominican side are okay, but if you're tired and tipsy by 930pm, you won't miss much by turning in early. The bars stock very little premium drinks. It's better at the lobby bar than anywhere else. I made sure that the Bubba Kegs were brought along. The drinks remained cold throughout the heat and humidity of the day. Rene, Johnny P, Carina, Patricia and Mignolia made sure my cup continually runneth over. Their national beer (Presidente) challenges even the most devoted of beer drinkers. It was interesting to say the least. I stuck with the Canadian Club (closest to Crown Royal that was available). There were no Heinekens, Millers, or anything remotely close. Their OTHER beer was Brahma. I didn't bother to sample this one although the room fridge was stocked with it daily. The 1.5 liter bottles of water that they gave you for brushing, etc. didn't last long for all the purposes necessary. We received 2 per day just for the asking. The food is normal AI fare....much to choose from. If you don't know what it is, leave it alone and your stomach will thank you for it later. We had no problems during our stay. Breakfast is the best as stated before and the paella from the beachside barbeque is awesome. Just don't be TOO far down in line. As far as the beach is concerned, the sand is as fine as Cancun, however somewhat darker (more of a brown sugar color). The Atlantic Ocean was a wonderful teal green/blue and the drop-off was subtle. The pools did feel like saunas which made the cool ocean more welcoming. As far as the area of Punta Cana is concerned, it is plush and tropical but not necessarily beautiful. There is much too much roadside trash and construction going on to consider otherwise. I cannot comment on the other parts of the island because I have yet to view them. The Dominican people are a beautiful people...especially the women. They are proud, polite, helpful and extremely cordial. I would gladly revisit the D.R. just to interact with them once again. Their living conditions will make you rethink the way you have it in YOUR life. It is something to behold.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>CrazyChick43
<Content>LOVED IT!!!! It was FANTASTIC! Beautiful and fun. Got red bracelets and drank 80 Virgin Pina Coladas!!! It was so much FUN!!! Dont want to be a chatty kathy so, I will say it was excellent and if you were getting married i recomend here. It was romantic and fun. Defenantly a thumbs up!!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jadoc
<Content>Loved the beach, Food was horrible! The most appealing part of this resort was certainly the beach! Lots of cabanas and chairs to relax and soak up the sun! My room was clean and acommodations decent. However, the staff was not friendly or welcoming for the most part. You can always point out the one person here or there, but it was not the norm. You would have been very uncomfortable if you did not know the basics of Spanish. Most of the staff and guests spoke primarily Spanish and those guests seemed to be able to get better service. The WORST part overall was the food - hard to do buffets for the whole stay. Most of the food was not at a good tempature: not hot, cold or fresh. Even at the restaurants on the property where they restricted reservations had a buffet. I went to the Oriental restaurant and the food was ok, but buffet service for the appetizers and desert. They did at least take your drink and meal order and bring it to the table. Overall I would not go back nor would I recommend it to anyone I care about. It is worth it to try some other resort in Punta Cana.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>missy06710
<Content>Beautiful..very relaxing...       Amanda and I  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	5	3	4	3	

<Author>KissXX
<Content>Iberostar Punta Cana Good Vacation:       My Feet!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>sfbljnky
<Content>Our Iberostar visit       Sunrise  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>cmmdee
<Content>My Iberostar Wedding       Wedding Day  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vmoli
<Content>Could have been better We arrived at this great looking resort and were greeted by exceptional staff. They welcomed us with open arms. They were great until the day before we were to leave. Our A/C stopped working at 6:30 pm and it wasn't repaired even the next day when we were leaving. They said it was a major problem and couldn't fix it that day, I then went on to explain to them I am an A/C Mech so please tell me what was wrong with it. Of course no response and all of a sudden they didn't understand what I was saying. Now we had seven rooms and one of these rooms had a infant, our flight home wasn't until 8:00 PM I had asked if they could give us a room to hold until pick-up time which was 4:30PM and they said they did not have a room to give us, but there are courtesy showers in the lobby. Now you got to imagine this, two showers to be shared by god knows how many people because other flights back to the states were also late departures. Also, there is major reconstruction going on in Bldg 5 which of course I was in and it was right next door they started at 8 am and stopped at around 9ish pm. This has been my third trip to Punta Cana and my first and last time at an Iberostar.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>CooksX3
<Content>Not Excellent, but Not Bad Either!       Beach Bar  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	2	2	

<Author>1coolchick
<Content>Great time! There is already so much information on here about this hotel that I'll just hit a few highlights. (Mostly the things I wanted to know about before I went!)I traveled with a few friends, and we are all in our late 20's. We stayed July 9-16, 2008 and had a great time! The beach is fabulous. Clean sand, clear water, nice breeze, and plenty of palapas for shade. There was a lot more topless sunbathing than I expected (more than in Mexico), so just a heads up. (I saw a woman playing ping-pong topless with her kids...some things you just shouldn't do naked.) Some people have suggested bringing adaptors for the wall that turn a two prong outlet into a three prong. This will work only if your adaptor isn't polarized. I ended up buying an adaptor in the gift shop, and it worked well for the week.We booked through Apple, so we did their excursions. The first one was the Outback Safari. It was interesting to see some of the countryside and how the people there live. We visited a school, a traditional farmhouse, and a plantation. We had the chance to buy rum, cigars, coconut oil, vanilla, coffee, and cocoa. You might want to price some of these in the hotel gift shops though, because we paid more for the rum on the excursion than it cost in the gift shop. There was also a traditional Dominican lunch. We also got to spend about an hour at another beach to do some boogie boarding. It was a nice day.We also did the Stingray Bay excursion. Getting to hold the stingrays was really cool. We snorkeled with stingrays and nurse sharks as well, which was neat. We also stopped to do some snorkeling in the ocean to see some tropical fish, but in my opinion, the snorkeling there wasn't very good. I might suggest going on the Marinarium excursion instead? It wasn't a bad excursion - we had a good time, but we just wished the snorkeling in the ocean was better.Two of my friends also did the ATV tour, and they said it was great. The rode along the beach, and then I think you could swim if you wanted.There is also parasailing along the beach at the hotel, which I definitely recommend. They got us up really high. It was an amazing view!Everyone at the hotel was wonderful - very friendly and eager to help. I really enjoyed this resort. Any questions, just ask!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CarolinaCowboy
<Content>O la la in Punta Cana       Caribbean St  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MTMAonVacation
<Content>Long Review - Helpful Tips - Lots of Details Our review has information on getting there/going home info at top, then reviews/details about all aspects of the resort and vacation, followed by a comparison to the Riviera Maya Iberostars.So here's the setup, 2 adults, and 2 boys ages 9 and 13. We were staying in the Iberostar Punta Cana for 11 days. We have stayed at Iberostars in Cozumel and the Riviera Maya before. This was our 4th stay at an Iberostar resort. For this trip we used Apple Vacations so you will see comments below about their part in our vacation.Please note that we have traveled in Europe and some minor stints in Asia. We, above all else, have reasonable expectations and go well informed so that we do not expect too much or too little. We know the part of the world we are going to and understand that the standard of living is vastly different than that of the United States. Given this, we rate our vacation and give our opinions based on how much we enjoyed our time given fair expectations.Enough of that, let鈥檚 get into the good stuff.The airport in Punta Cana is small which means we got through fast as well. We did have to buy the Visitor Card for US$10 which is funny, since you buy it at a little counter and walkabout 15 feet to hand it to another guy. This is simply a tourism tax. In any case, after getting our luggage we were approached incessantly by gentleman wanting to take our bags for bucks. This is typical of the region鈥檚 airports so not unexpected. They would typically approach us saying something like Apple as if we would go Yes, take our bags!Just remember that these guys will hit you well before you even see the brightly colored shirts of the Apple representatives which are around the corner. The Apple reps told us what bus to get on and out the door to the parking lot we went to our bus. The buses were air conditioned nicely and we were on our way to the resort fairly quickly.The ride to the Iberostar Punta Cana/Dominican/Bavaro was about 35 minutes. The country side is what we would expect for the Caribbean, jungle like, lots of trash in some open spots, and a ton of construction.Check-in at the hotel was fast. After having read a post by someone who says they tipped US$20 to get a better room I tried the same. For the tip we got our room immediately as opposed to waiting an hour (since we arrived at the resort at 12:30PM local time). We also got a room on the 2nd floor which in the U.S. we would call the 3rd floor. It was 2 rooms away from the elevator and right at the pool down at the beach end. I am not sure there really are many different room types beyond garden view and view of the other property so I think we got a great room. Through the vacation having a room right by the pool so close to the elevator was very very nice.On the return trip, please note that once the bus gets to the airport the baggage guys who want your tips grab out all the bags willy-nilly of breakables and try to grab but similar type so that they can stand by a set and get that family鈥檚 tip money to carry the bags 50 feet to the terminal check-in counter. You do not need to use them so just be firm and so 鈥榥o鈥?if you do not.Currency:U.S. dollars accepting as well as most major European currencies. Prices would be written in Peso and sometimes in US$.The Room:The room had 2 double beds and a 2-seater couch that could be used as a bed for a shorter person, such as our younger son. We had thought we read somewhere that the resort had cots but the staff at the front didn鈥檛 know what a cot was and in the end they just brought up another double bed that we used for our older son. Since I like softer beds and most resorts in this region of the world do not have soft beds we brought along a queen size foam bed pad that I had cut in half to give me double the foam. This is nice in that I could sleep better, plus, since we leave the pad there at the end of vacation, the luggage space it used coming to the resort is now available for all our souvenirs.The mini-fridge was colder here than in the other Iberostars we have stayed at. We left a note for the chamber maid to simply fill with water and cola, i.e., no beer or orange/sprite soda. Which took two notes to get clear (I simply sat all the non-desired items outside of the fridge and she understood well enough at that point).The room has a safe which the in room notes say you have to rent. We went to the front desk to rent it and got the instructions on how to use it for the $2/day. In the end, I don鈥檛 think they charged us for it. Simply tip on how to program it: push reset button on inside of door until beeps. Enter 4-6 digit code then press enter button to hear 鈥渉appy chimes.鈥?Then press combo button, enter code, press enter, and turn knob to lock/open. Hope that helps.Electricity:Same as North American power grid. Note: electrical outlets in rooms have the English style round plug support as well as the U.S. flat prong style. The big issue is the receptacles are recessed about 1/4 to 1/2 inch and are not polarized. This meant that our curling iron and DVD player cords which are polarized (one flat prong wider than the other) would not go in. This also meant the Nintendo DS plug would not go in because that adapter uses the swiveling prongs, similar to Motorola cell phone charger cords, so it cannot handle the recessed access. The solution cost US$1 in the gift shop as they had adapters for flat prong to round which also removed the issue of the recessed receptacle for the Nintendo DS plug.Tipping:Being used to the Riviera Maya and Cozumel tipping we figured this would be the same but it was actually quite different. I would say that we say no other people tipping at the bars and restaurants. We would usually leave a couple dollars each night at dinner in the main restaurants. We would also leave a dollar or two for breakfast or lunch if we used the lobby restaurant (which has more service staff). There is no swim up pool bar so no tipping there. I鈥檓 sure the staff would like more tips so I don鈥檛 know if it is because of the clientele or that it is just not expected as much.Food/Drink:By lobby (opposite end from beach) they serve breakfast, lunch, and dinner as buffet. At breakfast they make omelet鈥檚 to order. At dinner they have pasta made to order. French fries and pizza were always available at lunch and dinner.By lobby are the formal restaurants: Japanese, Mexican, and Gourmet. We had reservations but did not go as the menu did not thrill enough of our family. We must have felt less adventuresome this time around.Beach Grill: outside the south beach restaurant is a huge grill used daily. Seafood/rice bakes, carved beef, chicken, menu would change daily. Food from big grill very popular and would end up with a line at times, especially when it was seafood (crab claws, rock lobsters, mussels, and shrimp). Food served generally from this grill between 1Pm and 1:30PM. I band would typically play around this time and the staff would get a little dance party going as well.South Beach: the south beach restaurant serves a late smaller breakfast followed by a lunch buffet. We ate lunch here a lot since it was right next to the beach grill and we thought it was better than the lobby restaurant. This restaurant has a grill area which has one side open to beach boardwalk side and inside of restaurant so is nice when you are wet and just in your swim suit. This restaurant doubles as the International restaurant at night which is semi-formal. Literature says long pants but golf shorts would work as well.North Beach: the north beach restaurant is smaller and serves burgers, fries, chicken, and taco fixings. This restaurant has a tiled central grill area with seating around that which is under a roof. Between seating and the food is sand so it is made for those in swim suits, wet, etc. This restaurant has a soft server ice-cream machine which was a nice treat several times a day (sometimes 5 times ;). This restaurant doubles as the steakhouse at night which is semi-formal. Literature says long pants but golf shorts would work as well.Note: since the south and north sides are only about 1-2 minute walk apart, we would eat from both as the boys would like to be close to the soft serve ice cream.Star Caf茅: in the Commercial Central there is the Star Caf茅 which is air conditioned and serves burgers, fries, chicken, and some desserts. Get there early or you will have a wait as it appeared to be first come, first served and people would be waiting outside for the opening time 9which was 6:30PM when we were there);As for the common mans fare at the buffet restaurants, we found the food to be very good. We do not expect it to be a 5-star restaurant since it is buffet, but it had plenty of tasty items and about 10 items changed daily while others were staples (pizza, burgers, fries, etc.). As we are cautious of stomach ailments when traveling in this region of the world we avoided the many cheeses laid out, sushi, and vegetables that had an outer skin still attached. I鈥檓 sure it would be fine but we found plenty of cooked veggies to eat instead with our main entree鈥檚.Between pools there is a health drink shack which serves fresh fruit juices from their own juicer. Nothing else, i.e., no alcohol or soda, just juices.At beach on boardwalk by south restaurant is an ice-cream bar serving iced cappuccino and scooped ice-cream with about 8 flavors. Some of the flavors are European/English (I know, the U.K. is in Europe but some things are just English vs. European). But chocolate and vanilla were generally always available.Lobby bars are on both sides of the Punta Cana and Dominican. A bar is at the beach buy the south restaurant and a bar is in the north beach restaurant.Activities:The beach was a good stop for us as the boys liked to ride the waves and dig in the sand. If you want a beach cabana you had better get there early. We did find that you could get some cabanas around 1:30PM and on big travel days like Sunday. As there are many Europeans here there are topless women on the beach. It really did not bother us as we used it as a chance to let our 13-year old son realize it is not so mysterious. Our 9-year old son didn鈥檛 even really notice.The pool has a zero depth area as well as some deeper areas. The pool area is really two pools which are both the same shape and depths just mirrored. The pool on the south side is used for the daily water activities.Per the usual Iberostar way, they have an activity board down by the south beach restaurant showing what and when. Usually there are activities going on every 45 minutes or so which includes archery, horse shoes, rifle (pellet gun), bocce ball, water aerobics, pool games, etc.Nightly shows for kids start early based on Lucy's club getting to the theater and doing their thing. The major production ach night would start around 9:30PM and go until about 10:30 or so. We saw about 5 of the shows. Some are just dancing and singing (Latin Show) while some or audience interactive (Variety/Tutti-Fruity). We liked the interactive ones best for the occasional humor. Please not that some things can be a bit adult oriented given the innuendo and provocative motion they may ask a participant from the audience to do. As adults we thought it was funny. Our younger son didn't quite understand some of it but our older son did. Although nothing was worse than television past 8PM in the states. The shows each night are at the theater/stage which is open air to the bar and one end of the lobby of the Dominican.Lots of excursions are available as you would expect. We went on the Caribbean Festival which was swimming with nurse sharks, snorkeling, and time with stings rays. I got to feed our stingray so one bonus point for me. We also went to Manatee Park which is a tiny version of Sea World in the U.S. It was a nice time. You should go for the shows mostly as we caught the dolphin show and parrot show. Too much rain the night before meant no horse show when we were there.At the beach we did the Banana Boat which is a large industrial floaty for 6 people pulled behind a boat. It was fun and tiring. We about killed ourselves trying to climb back on when we fell off after 15-20 minutes of riding at that point.You can get snorkeling gear but the beach is not really a great snorkeling point. You would have to go wait out for better spots which I would not advise for safety reasons since it would be by the break water almost.There is a disco in the Commercial Central which has kid鈥檚 hours and then more of an adult flavor (so we heard as we did not go) later in the evening. After the show in the theater area the staff from the show would go over to the disco.Shopping:This gets its own little heading since we look forward to this part of every vacation.Down the beach from the resort is a hut village for shopping. This was about a 20-minute walk down the beach. We checked this shopping out first but bought nothing so as to compare prices.In between the Iberostar Dominican and Bavaro is Caribbean Street which is about 8 shops perhaps selling items similar to down the beach and in the gift shop.The Commercial Central has a handful of stores to shop at while waiting to enter the Star Caf茅.We took a taxi into town for shopping. We shopped in town at Palmal Real, an outdoor mall, which was an upscale mall and nothing we really wanted to buy or hardly look at since being upscale it would be seen at upscale stores in the U.S. for the most part. The mall was also a fixed price center so that took out part of the fun we like in shopping, the hope of getting a great deal out of someone.We also shopped in town at the Plaza Bavaro and Punta Cana shopping area. These were more to our liking as they were like the beach shopping full of bartering, and each shop keeper wanting you in there shop.A little side note here. We called for a taxi to take us to the shopping village (Plaza Bavaro/Punta Cana). After in the car, the driver told us shopping at the mall was much better prices but was an $18 ride vs. $13. So we bit, and took his advice. Once at the mall we realized he just wanted a higher fare. So, if you like the bartering type shopping typical of Mexico and the Caribbean, don't go to the mall. Bottom line on shopping: the gift shop in the lobby area (there are 2,the Dominican side one is a wee better) had very close pricing to the beach and in town stores. We bought just as much from the gift shop as we did from anywhere else at that point.Comparing Dominican Republic/Punta Cana to Mexico/Riviera Maya:The beach in Punta Cana has a finer softer sand but you can hardly find a shell, hence the fine soft sand. As our boys like shelling they did not get to do this on this vacation.  The pools were bigger in Playa del Carmen which we found to be better, but the pools in Punta Cana were closer to the beach which was also a nice  The grounds are beautiful and well maintained at all Iberostar properties. All properties are clean and full of beautiful plants, flowers, and local animal wildlife (parrots, geckos, flamingos, peacocks, chickens, etc.) When you are on the property, I felt like it is a tropical paradise. The food was very similar, albeit the ice-cream flavors were different. The food stations and food variety on the beach were better in Punta Cana. Playa del Carmen offered a late night snack buffet which was not offered at Punta Cana.The service was excellent and all staff members were very nice and helpful always. No difference between the other Iberostars we have been to.Shopping better in Playa del Carmen but the shopping in the gift shop and at the beach in Punta Cana was more convenient. Bottom line is that the two are very similar but we give the edge to the Riviera Maya Iberostars because of the shopping Center that is part of the Paraiso Beach/del Mar, Lindo/Maya .If you have read to this point then you have read a lot and I apologize for the length of this post.Regards,MTMA  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>milwaukeewiWi
<Content>Bad Destination We choose Domincan republic for our destination wedding because the wedding coordinator said it had great beaches and was more afordable than some of the other countries nearby. It's more affordable because the country is poor and dirty! Driving from the airport all you see if tiny shacks and garbage everywhere. We were going to rent a car and travel the island after the wedding but when we got there we discovered this would be way to dangerous. The driving there is horrible and the people there outside the resorts just want your money. DO NOT USE CREDIT CARDS THERE. Almost everything that went had hundreds of dollars of fraudulent charges on their credit cards within a month of returning. Even people that used their credit card once on the resort at the souvenier shop. Nobody left the resort because it was so dangerous, so obviously the apple guys that sold us excursions somehow stole all of our credit card numbers. I was very careful due to the warnings on the US department of state website about credit card fraud and visitors being targets for criminal activity. We were married over a month ago and the wedding certificate that we were suppose to get within 1 week still has yet to arrive. The staff there is very unresponsive to my numerous emails and attempts to contact them. The worst part is there is nothing we can do if they do not send it to us. The wedding itself was very unorganized. The wedding coordinator we met our first day there and never saw her again. The original wedding coordinator is out having a baby. They told us that our wedding was booked the day before that we had asked for and they had confirmed. Our destination wedding coordinator had to argue with them and force them to change it, which meant our wedding was immediately followed by another wedding and our dinner was delayed as they somehow got to eat first. The resort itself was ok, but i prefer to go somewhere where they don't beg for tips and its ok to leave the resort.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	3	2	1	

<Author>reeLouisiana_US
<Content>Had fun anyway, but did not quite live up to the iberostar standard       My son and I participating in water aroebics  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Connie59
<Content>Disgusting This was our first time in Dominican Republic. Being honest, several friends advised us not to go to Punta Cana, because of their horrible experiences out there. My gut feelings were assertive. Once we got off from the airport, we confirmed what our friends said about the place. All we saw for the next hour dumped garbage all over the places, and dust. What a mess. Our nightmare did not even start, yet! Our stay at the Iberostar Punta Cana hotel was more than a nightmare. Food was tasteless, and waiter and entertainment staff were inattentive and careless. If you do not show them up the tips since the beginning, they just ignore you for the entire week. The rooms are deteriorated, and the restaurants are overbooked. Therefore, they just allow you to reserve one or two times for the week. Staff is very rude and inflexible. One day we dared to go to Higuey, a close small town, and we got so scared, because the habitants use to chase you even you ask them to leave you alone. We did not know what they wanted from us, but it was so scary experience. Bottom line, CANCUN IS THE BEST PLACE TO GO IN THE CARIBEAN. We have been there ten times, and we never got disappointed about anything. Mexicans are wonderful people to share your spare time.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	1	1	1	

<Author>vballsetter89
<Content>Things to know - Beautiful Vacation This review will explain in a different way our review of the resort. First, we agree with all of the positive reviews in this site. Yes, the food was great, the grounds and beach was also beautiful and the people were very nice. This will go beyond the typical review and hopefully help a bit in your stay:Airport tips - Since you can't bring water through security bring empty water bottles and fill them up at the drinking fountains after you go through. This helped on the plane as well as at the airport on the other end. Arrival - The airport was pretty efficient but expect to pay a $10.00 tourist tax before entering. No one expected this at the airport. Also, have your tourist paperwork completely filled out on the plane, make sure you bring a pen with. The rides to your resort will be waiting for you at the enterance and will help with all the bags. Resort - Check-in was fast and they bring your bags to your room, PLEASE TIP. They do a lot of work. The glass of refreshments was a nice touch. Clean as I've ever seen, walk around after settling in to get to know where everything is and there is a lot. Room - Bring a extension cord (small) because the outlets are set in the wall. Air conditioning is strong but good. Ask for water anyting and don't forget DONT DRINK THE WATER from the sink or shower.Food - Get reservations to the specialty restaurants form the women at the computers right away. They fill up reservations pretty fast. The Gourmet Rest. was great with the largest lobster I've seen. The help there was great, PLEASE TIP, they deserve it. Also the Mexican was very nice with good food. Tipping - The reason I put this in so much is that they really work hard to make you feel comfortable and happy. Most Europeans dont but they do not do that back home but American's do and the help really deserves it! The people there work 14 hour days 7 days a week with 3 days off and with that they still make you feel special. A dollar or two goes a long way.Star Friends Staff - Leave your inhabitions at home and have fun! They are a great bunch of people that are there to make your stay memorable and FUN. Have a good time with them and dont be shy! Junior is a blast.Things to do - There are extra things to pay for but the resort gives you so much to do that if you don't feel like going anywhere you don't have to. Snorkeling is right off the beach down by the RIU resort and the other way down the beach toward the little stall shops. There are plenty of nice fish there. There are non motor boats that you can use free BUT the guy at the window wanted us to pay $35.00 for insurance - DONT. I know people that went and didnt and everything was fine.Shade - The shade huts at the beach do go early and fast but there are plenty at the poolside that are nice also. The guys always walk around to get you drinks all day. Shows - Dont miss them. They are fun, get as close as you can, and enjoy them. They are hard working actors and singers as you can get.BBQ on the beach - This was a nice addtion to lunch. They will BBQ something special every day at lunch, on day it was Piaya which everyone got a lobster and other sea food with rice that was piled on the plate, really good!I hope this will help make your stay more enjoyable.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>micie66
<Content>Wonderful resort! We just returned from IB* Punta Cana and can't say enough great things about the resort. the staff was friendly and warm, the rooms were clean and so were the grounds.After the airport arrival and finding our transfer, we were whisked away to the IB* in an airconditioned bus. The driver drove just like the rest of the Dominicans and we all had a great time laughing during the ride. It was about 35 min. to the resort. We got there around 11:40 AM and found a room to be ready for us. We were taken to the room by the bellboy. At first I was nervous because of the construction going on in the building but it was at the other end of where our room was. And once inside the room, with the AC running you don't hear any outside noises, unless it's directly outside your door. Our room was clean, cool and comfortable. We had the towel art on the bed and chocolates. We settled in and headed to the ocean. The ocean was just beautiful. The sand was white and powdery and clean. Each staff person we met and dealt with was friendly and kind. Everywhere you went, there was someone cleaning or serving. The pools were clean and relaxing. We never had trouble finding chairs, even at 2 in the afternoon. We did catch a virus from home and brought our colds with us so we visited the IB* clinic and were well taken care of. We made use of the internet cafe as well. The food was great and there was always a variety of choices and places available to eat . We had 3 reservations but only used 2 due to my illness. The lobster dinner was great and very romantic. The Dominican people try very hard to make things perfect. The steakhouse meal was great as well.I would return to this place as soon as money allows!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jeffh-j
<Content>Lovely Hotel  We are a 44 year old couple from the UK and went to the DR Iberostar (Punta cana) from 6 - 21 June 2008. We have read all previous messages, mainly from the USA, and were a bit unsure as to whether we believed them or not. This is our experience:Check In - Very Painless after an 8 hour flight.Top Tip - I agree with other posts where you give 20 dollars to the check in girl and get an upgrade - we did and got a sea-view (although you cna't really see the sea as there are coconut trees in front!) I had a ready made Spanish script for her but she - and all the other members of staff, spoke perfect English. 10/10Room - No problems at all. Room was always clean, if a little dated. Annoyed that the staff/bell boy, pointed to where we should go (300m) to the left !! After a day travelling - not what we wanted. Our colleagues had the same. Please insist on being taken to your room. 9/10Grounds - Well documented.... lovely, as were the Rooster, flamingos and peacocks. 10/10.Beach - here we go ...... Lovely 10/10. Not out of this world but excellent. Beaches in Greece, Cyprus and S. France are equally as good. Palapas/Shade on Beach - 1/10. ALL countries reserve sun beds under the palapas (US, Germans (who invented it and are very good at it), Dutch, French and Brits.) You either conform to getting up at 7am to reserve your bed or sit in the sun all day. We had to follow suit as removing personal belongings from reserved beds does not warrant the impending arguements. You are on holiday after all and do not need the grief - even if you are right. I'm ashamed to say I reserved beds too. I have to say that I liberated a few sunbeds as some folk take the micky by reserving beds and arrive at the beach at 11.30. Many genuine other folk are searching for shade well before then and I got sick of it (we were on the beach by 9am). Therefore I moved their towels and hid them at the other end of the beach!!! Really childish but very good for the soul!! Watching these Frenchies argue with people who genuinely did not have any towels on their beds when they sat down (as I moved them - and they couldn't believe their luck!) searching up and down the beach for their towels was SO SO amusing. They then lost their 10$ each deposit for their towel. C'est Le Vie I think they said.... There are signs on the palapas and in the welcome papers saying not to reserve, but the hotel do not take action. I argued and argued with them to remove towels but nothing was done - and is unlikely to either - no matter what.There are however, hundreds of beds around the pool and on the open beach.Pool - 10/10.Food - 6/10. Personal choice here. We do not like buffet food - and we knew the score before we left the UK of what to expect. The food was great and many variations - all others loved it but we prefer a meal not a plate full of little odds and sods to eat. Personal choice as I say. Food pretty much avail. 24/7.Hygiene - 8/10. We both had tummy bugs for 6 days on arrival. really bad with cramps and after effects. Imodium is a must. That cured it and the remainder of the hol went well. Do not brush your teeth with bathroom water - this may have been the reason. All other water/ice (allegedly) is purified.Water Sports - 10/10. for $40 you can learn to sail the Hoby Cat (catamaran) sail boats. 6 of them available an hour a day - once you know how to - free for an hour every day. I loved it. As are kayaks and windsurfing.Drinks - 8/10. Staff are brilliant (a $1 a day to Johnny ensured premium service). Vodka - although opened in front of us, was watered down. Half a glass of vodka with a splash of coke would still be clearish in the UK, not there - which suggests some jiggery pokery going on! You could not even taste it either which will explain no hang overs. Whisky was 100% as was Gin. Cocktails are rubbish.Overall - great place. If you love buffet - you'll love this place. Cancun was the yardstick and this just failed to match it.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>leesha4
<Content>LOVED IBEROSTAR My boyfriend and I stayed at Iberostar Punta Cana June 13-June 20. We booked our trip with Apple and had the time of lives.BEACH/POOL - The beach is where we stayed the mahority of the time. there are always games to be played, volleyball, rifle shooting, archery etc. The Star Friends were always around making sure you were having fun. The pool was very big, and warm. The pool chairs were more crowded than the beach.FOOD/DRINK - the drinks were hard to like. If you dont like beer (Presidente and Bohemia) than you might have a hard time. I was trying every drink they made and it was made differently each time. I hardly drank during this trip. i think the juices hurt my stomach, but DO try a mamwanna shot. THe food wasn't bad. There is something for everybody. The morning buffets had eggs, french toast, pancakes, fresh made donuts yogurt, fruits everything you want it is there. The lunch by the beach/pool was very good. At noon everyday there are ment with an open grille making something different every day, if you dont want that you can go in to La Marimba right next door and get your choice of pizza, hot dogs, nachos, burgers, pasta, and fruit. For dinner at the buffett they have something different all the time. You can get pasta, pizza, mexican food, and there was always some different meat. We went to 3 speciality restaruants - La Siblia seafood(lobster), La Cana the steak house, and La Marimba was INternational La Siblia was the best place - the dinner is a fixed menu 4 courses - and the main dish is lobster tails it was very good. La Cana the steakhouse is right on the beach - very beautiful atmosphere serving steak, not so bad. La Marimba was not that good. They didn't have much to choose from on the menu. My bf got scallops but come to realize that their defintion of scallop isn't the same definition to us - it was meat.WORKERS - the workers were everywhere you went. They work 12 days straight and about 18 hours a day. They worked their butt off to make you happy. I felt bad every day because I saw the same people everywhere. I tipped as much as possible they really desreve itNIGHTLIFE - Being from Boston we had to watch the Celtics game and we watched it at their sports bar Star Rock Cafe. You can go there from 7-9 for good food and no reservations and they have many tvs. RIght next door is the disco that wasn't that fun. Both of the places close at 3amEXCURSION - we went on the Marinarium and had a blast. We swam about 1/2 mile of coral and then swam with sting rays and sharks (they are not baby sharks they were huge) After they served a sandiwch makde fresh coco loco had some dancing and we brought the bar out in the water for about 30 mins, we had a very good time. We also heard the zip lines and other snorkling trip was very fun too.All in all we have a great time and got great weather the entire week. We have no complaints  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MI_Newlyweds
<Content>Beautiful!! I went on my honeymoon from June 2nd to June 9th, 2008 at the Iberostar. Check in was easy we were in our room within 15 minutes or so. We got a room on the first floor close to the lobby, at first i was not happy since i had read that the rooms on the higher floors were better but it worked out great. We were close to the lobby bar!!! The food was ok, we ate at the Oriental resturant, Steakhouse and the Mexican resturant. The Oriental resturant was not very good, and it was freezing. The Steakhouse was beautiful, candle light on the beach. The food was ok but the setting was by far the best resturant at the resort, i would definetly recommend it. One warning ladies the table is in sand so don't wear your good heals. The air conditioning was broken in the Mexican resturant, and they were strict about the long pants rule so my husband had to go change and we didn't stay very long since it was so hot. The buffet was good, not great the servers were so sweet, we had the same lady every morning and tipped her a couple times and we always had our drinks within minutes of sitting down.The grounds were BEAUTIFUL! I was amazed. We just wanted to be lazy so we just layed on the beach or by the pool almost every day. We never had a problem finding chairs, and know one tried taking them. If you don't want to participate in the activities with the hotel staff don't lay by the pool by the bigger resturant. They coordinate water polo, water arobecs (sp?) and other activities that take about 20 min each and can disrupt your relaxing atmosphere. To keep it short the people were amazing, our favorate bar was the lobby bar at the Punta Cana, Romeo and Paola were great, they had us out dancing and everything. I would definetly recomend this resort to anyone!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cish39
<Content>Great Trip to the the Iberostar We just returned from a 4 day trip to the Iberostar Punta Cana (June 13-16). We booked our trip through the Apple website. We flew from Pittsburgh on USA3000 and had an enjoyable flight. Apple was waiting at the Punta Cana airport and made getting to our transfer bus very easy. The bus ride in was very nice and the Apple agent was very friendly. We thoroughly enjoyed the Iberostar. The staff was extremely friendly and went out of their way to make sure we were having a good time. They were very appreciative of tips. I, personally, did not encounter one staff member that wasn't pleasant. I talked to alot of people on the trip back that agreed with me.The buffet was fine. There was something for everyone. There is a pasta bar, fruit bar, pizza bar, hamburgers, hot dogs and fries, salad bar, dessert bar, etc. They had roast duck one night that was very good. My point is that you would be hard pressed not to find something to satisfy you. They give you many dining choices.Do not miss going to the Lobster dinner. It was very good.Our room was very clean. We were given a junior suite which included a living room area and a very nice porch. The grounds were also very clean. The staff was very attentive around the pool area. I feel we got a good vacation for the price. I would not hesitate to go back to the Iberostar.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>suegodley
<Content>Loved the We stayed at the Iberostar Punta Cana because of my sister's recommendation (she stayed there about 3 years ago). I was unsure what to expect as I've never stayed at an all inclusive although I've been on several cruises. After reading all the reviews here, it seemed like a safe bet to me. I wasn't wrong. I think your satisfaction is all about what your expectations are...Excursions: We went on the Marinarium which we liked. We snorkled for about an hour in a great place with sharks and sting rays. We then had dancing, drinking and swimming (complete with a floating bar guy!). We also went on the deep sea fishing excursion which was a blast. We only caught a couple of fish but remember that the captains of these boats actually keep and sell the catch so are motivated to catch. It's to their advantage to catch fish. If you do go deep sea fishing, bring dramomine (sp?) if you are not used to the sea. Two of the women on our boat got sick right away and spent the whole four hours laying down inside and yes, puking! They do have buckets for that! We also had lotsa beer and it was a great 4 hours out on the sea.Both of our excursions were booked through our Apple Vacations rep Carlos at the resort. Something to keep in mind about Apple excursions at least is that you could possibly be on the road to get there for an hour or 2 hours. I think it depends on where you stay. At the Ibersotar, we were never on the road for excursions more than 30 minutes.Food: Breakfast buffet was the best of all the meals but our biggest advice is to find the beach bar on the Domincana side of the resort for lunch. They have an open grille with nice tables by the volleyball and soccer nets. We had ribs, kabobs, etc. If you are hesitant about eating meat in the DR, at least there you can see the food being cooked. We loved this part of our day! For dinner, we reserved three nights in the various resort restaurants rather than dinner in the buffet mostly because we wanted the AC. Food was ok but not all that great. Drinks: Hm, what to say here! Not sure of what other demonination is accepted but bring 100 in American one dollar bills and you are set. If you have a dollar bill in your hand when you order your cuba libres and you say lotsa ron, you are in good shape. One point here, if you don't like the way your drink tastes or its too weak, just say so! You don't have to tip to get a good drink! We are primarily beer drinkers but the beer pretty much sucked. That's okay, we expected that. Some of the locations there serve top shelf liquor, you just have to know where. Your Apple rep can tell you where or if you are not Apple, you can ask at the desk.Overall we had a fantastic time. I'm not sure of what the true definition of a third world country is but I would put the DR in that space. If you expect your excursions, food and entertatinment in the first class category at all times, don't go to the Iberostar Punta Cana. If you want a truly relaxing vacation, great service from a very dedicated, hard working staff and a truly caring excursion crew, you need to go to this place!If you got this far through my rambling, one more thing. We both work for a major bank and I've read a couple of recent reviews regarding credit card theft. If you've booked through Apple or another company, there is NO REASON to be asked for a credit card. We were never asked. When you travel internationally, please call your bank ahead of time if you are concerned. Our bank puts a hold on all international charges if they are not approved ahead of time (you can tell your bank where you are going and what you plan on doing with your card). When travelling in the DR, bring cash for the small things! The DR is a very small country with very kind people....I hope they don't get a bad rap due to credit cardf theft which is an international problem.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LWoodzell
<Content>No problems with this place I went to the Iberostar Punta Cana May 29th-June 2nd. This was my first big trip out of the US and I am not much of a traveler I get sick easy. I am 26 years old from Charlottesville, VA and went with my girlfriend. When you get off the plane and you get your bags don't let the workers take your bags because they take you about 10 feet and then you are at the place where you find your bus to take you to the resort. I did pay someone to find my bus for me which was fine. The bus ride was fine and had AC but it takes about 45 mins to get to the resort. The check in was easy and it only took us about 20 min and we were in our room. The room was fine and our maid cleaned every day and left plenty of water and changed the sheets a couple of times during our stay. We had a problem with the safe and the back door would not locked when we first got in the room. We called the front desk and they had someone there with-in 10 min. and they fixed it. We then went down to the desk next to the buffet and front desk and booked our two meals this is a must if you want to get in do it right away. The food at the buffet was fine and they did change it up but you do get kind of tired of it by the end of the week. The pool was nice and we never had a problem finding a place to sit down. The beach was also nice and if you got down there by around 9:00 you could find a nice spot, any time after that you could get a seat but it would be in the back. They give you towel cards and you can get your towel at 8:00. We would just go down and get our towels leave them on a chair with a shirt of mine and then go eat breakfast. Be careful though a couple had some travel papers stolen from a book on the beach. We had one problem where a woman sat in our seats one day and she thought that her husband had left the towels for her and went to eat. After talking to her for about two minutes she got up and left and sat in another guys seat. So just leave a t-shirt or something to make sure nobody does this. The drinks are fine and the water is clean to drink at the buffet's and dinners just not out of a sink or shower. They do have good alcohol and they would give you plenty of it in your drink. The bar's are not that far from the beach and are right next to the pool along with a ice cream stand. There are some shops up the beach about a half a mile that you can bring the price down if you hagell them. Everything in the store you need to times the price listed by three to get it in US money. A candy bar was $1.50 and it is listed as 55 They had plenty of fun stuff to do bingo, volleyball, etc. and the workers are really nice and helpful. We did leave a dollar tip for every drink and two after every meal. They really think a lot if you give them a tip and are greatful. The last thing about it and it was not the best part of the trip was the ride back to the airport the driver was going too fast and it scared us a little but he got us there. All in all this is a great place to go and you will have fun.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>CaseM
<Content>Three Times and Loved All Three       Open Air Atrium Outside Room Door  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Volstate
<Content>Ocean Front...No. Ocean View...Yes!       The beautiful beach/ocean  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>HERBYPittsburgh
<Content>Just OK My wife and I just returned from a 4 nite stay at Iberostar Punta Cana(5golden apple). This resort shares with Iberostar Dominican. The rooms were pretty clean. Ours did not smell. The AC worked very well. The pool and grounds were very nice and kept in great condition. Some nice activities at the pool as well. The staff responded well to our stuffed shower. Other calls to the front desk went unresponded to. The only real problem we had was the slow draining shower, but they gave us a second story room and that room was great. The staff's english is horrible and compared to Aruba and Riviera Maya, the staff wasn't friendly. Actually no workers airport, hotel etc were very friendly. 80% of the guests were from Europe. Lots of French and Germans. The food was not good at all. Normal food had an odd look and taste. If you've traveled to Cancun, Riviera Maya or Aruba you will be disappointed with Punta Cana. If you do go, make sure you go with the HIGHEST GOLDEN APPLE RATING. Also, DO NOT go the Sunscape. We initially scheduled here and started to read reviews and reschuduled to Iberostar. We then heard that a couple from PIttsburgh left Sunscape and paid an extra $900 to get to the Iberostar because it was so awful.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>Dziubus84
<Content>BE careful with your food choices Well we stayed at the Iberostar Punta Cana May 21st- May 27th. The grounds are gorgeous , the beach and pool are phenominal. We enjoyed our stay except on Sunday night we ate at the Steakhouse which is located on the beach and my spouse ended up getting food poisoning. Luckily the hotel has a great doctor on call 24 hours but this service will cost you. We called the doctor to come to our room and they gave him a couple of different shots and antibiotics. He slept for the whole day after those shots but luckily they made him feel better. Our medical bill came out to be close to $400 USD, I know shocking. Overall the resort is great just make sure to bring plenty of Pepto Bismol and Imodium ( Imodium costs $29.00 USD at the pharmacy in the resort)  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mojoe1014
<Content>Relaxing Get-Away My Hubby and I stayed at this resort from 05/16-05/23 and had a wonderful relaxing time. We were early risers and pretty much got what ever spot we wanted either by the pull or on the beach. As many of the reviews have stated, there are many Palapalas with shading (more were going up when we left) and the staff was constantly getting us drinks. This all depends on where you sit though, if you are close to a bar, it is most likely that you wont have service, but where we sat we never had a problem getting a drink (tip a dollar or two and service is out of this world). Johnny P at the front bar in the lobby is outstanding and if there is a drink you want he will figure it out.As for the food, make sure to book the Gourmet Restaraunt La Sablia, outstanding. You can also ask for two lobster tails : ) with butter. The steakhouse was okay and so was the seafood restaraunt. We met a couple that loved the Japanese Restaraunt La Padoga?? (please excuse the spelling). As for the buffets, there are lots of choices and mostly cater to the international taste bud, however if you are like me, I stuck with the pasta station and bread, and my hubby stuck with hamburgers and hotdogs.. lol.As for the shops down at the other end of the beach, we bargained our butts off, it was quite funny, to get cuban cigars, oops dominican cigars we got a box for 15 bucks.... T-shirts we paid about 6 bucks and a rather large dominican tote bag for $10. You have to bargain and if they say no, walk away and they will chase you down the strip. DO NOT buy cigarettes from there you can get them at the duty free in the airport for $23, unless you can get them cheaper than that.Hubby and I went on the deep sea excursion with Gone Fishing, make sure to get Manuel, as we caught many fish and make sure to bring dramamine, I lost my sea legs and being an ex Navy girl, that is not suppose to happen.. lolOverall, the hotel and staff were wonderful, tipping the person that cleans your room goes along way for extra water, beer, soda and towels.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ngonzalez20852
<Content>Great Place To Stay This place was great we stayed there from 5/17 through 5/24 and we loved the hotel. We had A huge JR suite with a mini bar that was always stocked we tipped our made a couple of dollars and with a thank you note and we never ran out of beer or water. The pools were huge and very nice. The beach was awesome you can always find a seat under the shade just get there before 8:30 and you will find one. The food I won't lie was not that great but we always found something good to eat if you try to eat everything the first day you will get tired of the food really quick. The drinks were really good and not watered down like other reviews say. The staff was really nice always had a nice smile and treated us really good. Remember just because its an all inclusive resort does not give you the right to treat the staff like they are your'e servants be nice and tip a dollar or two this will get you that extra service that many other people don't get. Overall this place was great We will return soon the price for this hotel is not bad and the service you get is great so overall is a great bargain. The small shops on the beach were nice but dont get ripped off bargain with vendors and they will usually lower the price by at least half of what they asked.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>srworldtripr
<Content>Wonderful vacation, pleasant experience       Pool  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gsprof
<Content>Good value for the money We arrived via TNT charter and really were impressed with all the TNT people from the ones that met us outside of customs and escorted us and took our luggage to the bus. As others have said the ride to the resort gives you a better appreciation of the Dominician peoples attitude seeing how they live. The T.N.T. rep has a group meeting the next morning with all its customers at each resorts lobby to explain the available tours and other activities in the country, The rep at the meetins covered most questions plus tours to medical emergenccies, for those unaccustomed to foreign countries he put you at ease that they were always avaiable even giving his cellphone number saying call 24/7 also TNT have a large booklet at the main desk with all the info they give you in case you missed something. Wouldn't hesitate to use them again, the bus was top quality. The resort, some people will find anything complain about. all in all we had a great time. That being said we went with the idea of wanting sun, beach and relaxation, no spring breakers, no children, and late nite life wasn't important. so we didn't try the disco. We found the room clean and as advertised, the exception being the bathroom it was a little worn in places, example the couple of rust spots in and around the tub from being chipped, (come on guys thats an easy fix), some grouting around the tile work again an easy fix. the rooms were clean, we left $4 for the maid every morning and always found it spotless with fridge refilled, asked for extra towels once and got them every day of our stay, please bring a little something to leave for them we brought school supplies crayons, coloring books and left them with her. Room key we always had problems with one not working, we'd take it to the main desk who quickly replaced it then the other wouldn't work, after three times we gave up and just relied on the one key, probably should have made them give us two new keys. Electrical, is 110 volts just like in the U.S. other have said you need an adapter, you don't what you need is an extension cord with additional outlets as there are only two outlets in the room, plus their outlets are recessed in the walls, anything that plugs in with the cord coming out the back is no problem, but hair dryers cellphone chargers with large blocks that the prongs come out of won't fit in the recess, they do sell extensions for $1.00 each or you might finagle one out of maintennace like we did, but for the agrravation its easier to bring an extension cord with mutiple outlets and/or one of those gray colored two prong to three prongs adapters you can get in home depot for 75 cents.Food the restaurants were excellent but a pain to wait in line to make your reservations for and then to find they were never more than 1/3 full. service was always exceptional, the Dominican people are as everybody says unbelivable friendly, do be generous and tip them...we talked to one and couldn't believe the work schedule they have. Its almost from sun up to sun down with something like 12 days on and two days off unless their needed then no days off. or no job..many work mutiple jobs on the resort through out the day and yet.. still be as friendly. Food at the buffet, on one hand the menu varied little but there was sufficient variety of main courses etc. ONE big complaint if ones accustomed to U.S. standards of food handling it is a little unsettling to see the trays of meat out on display without covers or protection from the patrons (same for the coldcuts, they looked like they were always out to long) or for that fact watching the cook pick up the meats with his bare hands and tossing them on the grille...come one at least give the cook a set of tongs or something. If you like salads you kinda of have to improvise between the mex table (onions/peppers) and the salad bar for everything...the entire time i was there i didn't see a tomatoe that looked edible, but the rest was fine. We didn't find the meat over cooked as others have complained and it was easy enough to make requests to the cook...the pasta cook was an experience definetly try it. All in all with a few exceptions and common sense the food was excellent both at the buffet and restuarants. The beach although we didn't get into any wars over lounges and not being early risers (hey we were on vacation) it was a problem with people reserving lounges with their towels, what was worse we'd sit on the beach from 10-11 am to 5 pm and never see anybody near most of these reserved lounges. it is a problem and they should figure out how to address it. They constatnly are cleaning the grounds plus raking and picking up the beach. they should be able to monitor this better. If your a prude or have children, the toplessness, thongs, and speedos although not everywhere is out there.....the place is heavily favored by people from S. America and Europeons....to them its not a big deal...so when in Rome i guess... we actually quietly joked about it, the ones that do shouldn't and the ones that could don't. Anyways if your not used to it you could be offended. The night life around the main lobby is subdued but good for an after dinner nightcap, the entertainers were excellent as others have said although we were disappointed the bands didn't play longer (only like two hours a night). The drinks you need to specify you want alcohol in them and what alcohol even then i drank plenty of tequila sunrises with no kick. only one local beer is avaiable as well as the local coffee both are actually very good. The beer is meduim bodied kind of like Miller or Michelob, not watery or light like Bud. You do need to deal with the language barrier, but the Dominicians are patient with you, reciprocate. All in all its a nice relaxing resort for the money its a deal the few minor things i mentioned are no brainers and should be addressed. We would definettly go back. Hint.. spend sometime before hand and immediately on arrival getting the layout of the resort and where everything is so you dont miss anything, we were still finding places after a week. Oh there it is  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>atrov2385
<Content>Worst Vacation Ever       Arriving in Punta Cana  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	2	2	

<Author>sunflwrs13
<Content>Best Vacation Yet       Flamingos  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mommyof9
<Content>Almost Paradise       Lobby Bar area  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>tampacarp1
<Content>Best Beach Ever       Our wedding day pic  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Singer
<Content>Time for a change ! My wife and I recently returned from a ten night stay at the IB* Punta Cana. We have been to this resort in the past. Check-in was painless and our request for a particular section was honored. The front desk, maid service,cleanliness and beach were excellent. We checked - in at the Punta Cana front desk but stayed on the Dominicana side. A bottle of rum and a fruit plate were in our room. The fruit was good and we returned the bottle of rum. The food was a disappointment from our last visit. Breakfast was good. The ala carte restaurants were just OK, with LaSibilia the best. The buffets had minor food changes over a ten day period. Supposedly, there was a returning guest get together but we were never notified. We had stayed at IB* four times prior; PDC and PC. When we inquired about the get together we were told it was last Tuesday. We were there on that day! Oh well, not a deal breaker but it would have been nice. The beach is simply; the best! The palapa situation is still the same. The towel game is alive and well and still the Germans are the masters on how it is played. I would be down, on the beach, at 6:15 AM every morning and I would always see the same German man carrying , at least, six towels. He was the rule and not the exception.One afternoon, after being at the beach for about four hours, my wife and I got up to go to lunch . Some pin-head asked me if I was leaving. I told him;  we are just going to grab a bite to eat. He said; Ohhhhh, you're saving chairs. Mind you this guy and his wife were not in their chairs for about three hours. I asked him; where have you been, for the past three hours. He shut up fast. Smart move. The next day, around 10AM, an American couple got into it with some Germans. The Germans accused the American couple of moving their belongings and taking their spot. The Americans called the Germans liars. After a heated argument; the Americans got up and left in a huff. The Germans, in this case, were right. The American couple moved the Germans towels and took their sun-beds. One morning we watched a couple, again Americans, stake out their palapa with four chairs. One each for their arses and one for her beach bag and one for his book. Around 11:30 AM there were people walking up and down the beach looking for sun-beds. These Bozo's watched as people walked past them numerous times over a half hour period , and never offered the extra two chairs to anyone. Finally, i guess through frustration, a couple (German)approached and asked for the chairs. A day earlier these same two Bozo's pulled their chair up behind us, with their heads, about a foot from our heads and talked , and talked, and talked. I think I heard heard her life story. Let's see; she suffered from depression, anxiety, and had a problem with her Thyroid , much like her father did and so on , and so on; ad nauseam. Come on now; it's a big beach and we (everyone) have a right to some privacty but they were going to sit where they felt like sitting. I just wish I had beans for breakfast ! LOL !The IB* staff overall were friendly. Star friends did a nice job during the day. The entertainment at night was the same as two and a half years ago. I usually cut the entertainment some slack , but not this time. The entertainment was boring. When departing I called the Bell Captain, about an hour and fifteen minutes before our transfer pick-up, for a bell man. Called again in a half hour. Twenty minutes later, still no bell man. After a fifty minute wait we lugged our bags from the beach end of the Dominicana side to Punta Cana lobby.Just before we left we went to the buffet for a snack before the ride to the airport. The manager ( I wish I got her name) at the buffet was the most rude,caustic person we encountered our entire stay albeit; even moreso than the Bozo's at the beach.She told us, in no uncertain terms ; the buffet opens in fifteen minutes, come back or go to the beach!! We had some Kashi bars in our bags and they held us over until we ate at the airport. The PC Airport was chaos; at least in the scheduled air area ((Delta, American, Continental etc.Perhaps, the charters faired better The computers were down and everything had to be written by hand albeit; destination tags for the bags, new tickets etc.. Coincidentally, the same thing happened to us two and a half years earlier. We were fortunate this time since we were in first class and did not have to go back in the very long line which was over an hour wait to check bags AFTER going through security. This was our third visit to the Dominican Republic; once to LaRomana and twice to the IB* complex in Punta Cana.We may go back to the DR but we will stay at another resort. Overall we had a very nice vacation but it is probably time for a resort change !Peace!!  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	5	5	3	2	

<Author>sunnyskys70
<Content>Beautiful Place, Friendly People, Great Accomodations       little market of stores at end of beach  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BHOLLING
<Content>Great relaxing beach getaway My husband and I chose the Iberostar Punta Cana for a relaxing beach getaway to celebrate our 17th wedding anniversary. We had been to Punta Cana once before (Natura Park in 2004) , and also especially love Saint Martin and the Caribbean in general - 11 cruises over the past 20 years or so. Price was a major consideration for this trip, and we got a great bargain from Detroit through Funjet Vacations. This was our second booking with Funjet, and we have been pleased with their prices and service. Because we purchased the full insurance package (which we have learned from experience can be worth its weight in gold if you have an unexpected illness or delay during your travels) , we were able to take advantage of a $350 drop in our vacation package price between our booking and departure, which MORE than made up for the original cost of the insurance. We received a refund within a couple of weeks, no questions asked. We were also pleased with the services provided by VIP, the on-site rep for Funjet.I recommend taking advantage of the gentlemen who greet you at the airport to take your bags - first of all, you'll have a hard time getting them to take NO for an answer, but more importantly, they are great at getting you to the front of the line, and on the right bus quickly, with no hassles. We saw countless people wandering around aimlessly, in the hot sun, carrying/dragging heavy bags - just not worth the trouble when there is someone just waiting to help you. Well worth a $5 tip, I say! Bus ride to the resort was relatively uneventful - not the most pleasant scenery, as others have noted. Check in was quick and easy, and we were upgraded to the newer all-suite building near the lobby area. Room was great size with plently of space to spread out. Nice patio overlooking the more private back gardens. Dining table with 2 chairs, couch  upholstered chair in the sitting area. Adequate storage, although short on actual drawer space - bring a few extra hangers. Location was fine for us - but it would be a long walk for those with mobility issues.Food was about as expected - not up to most cruise ships (especially our favorite - Celebrity), but certainly acceptable for the price. We made reservations at La Cana, the beach front steak house (so-so steak, fun to have your feet in the sand), La Maria Bonita, the mexican restaurant (decent appetizers, nice shrimp dish) and La Pagoda (oriental - good tepanyaki beef - probably the best meal of the week). The buffet was OK - we could always find something to fill up on. We expecially enjoyed the fresh fruits and cheeses. Lunch at the LaCana buffet on the beach was our favorite - we loved the roasted chicken they served every day - in fact I have been craving it since we returned!We're not big drinkers, but I was a little disappointed with the beverages. Service was good, but drinks like margaritas or pina coladas, or even rum  lemonade were usually way too sweet and you could not get true blended drinks by the beach. Not a deal breaker for us, but some may be bummed. Americans were in the minority which is perfectly fine with us! We rather enjoyed hearing the bingo caller call out numbers first in German, then French, then Spanish, and finally English. I also found it easier to tune out my neighbors on a crowded beach if I cannot understand what they are saying! We did brush up on basic Spanish - it wasn't difficult (and much appreciated by the staff) to be able to say: please, thank you, good morning, good evening, beer, water, coffee, yes, no and the like in Spanish. We got a kick out of it, although we never had a major problem being understood in English.The beach was the whole reason for our visit, and we were not disappointed! Our goal was a week of relaxation and laying around in the sun on a beautiful beach, and that's exactly what we got. Mostly great weather and undeniably one of the world's best beaches.Not much nightlife to speak of, but that was OK with us. We went to one of the shows, and it was fun, but our king size bed was very inviting after a long day in the sun!All in all a great trip, and we would gladly return to the Iberostar Punta Cana.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Random1254
<Content>Great Place Since the reviews on here were so helpful I thought I would post mine. 4 of us (2 Couples, 27-29) went the last week of April. I will preface this by saying I don't get annoyed at many things and can take things with a grain of salt. If you are looking for a place that is going to be perfect, either pay a lot more or stay at home.Check-In: Wasn't the most organized process; however it only took us 25-30 minutes from the time we got there to when we were checked in. We were given a room in the 6000's and our friends were given one in the 5000's. They had 2 double beds in their room and asked for and got a switch to the 6000's. They said the 6000's were a little newer, but would not have asked for a different room if they had a king bed in their initial room.Grounds: Nice, well kept grounds. I wish they had a straight path to the pool/beach, but you need to circle through the path. It wasn't a big issue, but after you have seen the flowers once you don't need to go through them again. A number of animals around the grounds.Room: Our room was nice. A big bathroom, nice closet with a safe. The bed was more comfortable than any I have stayed in at a place outside the USA. We also had a couch and desk. Our patio was nice, but nothing to write home about. We did have some very tiny ants. They weren't what I was used to in the US, but they didn't cause any havoc, so I didn't care. Our TV was average, but they did have some American stations.Beach/Pool: The beach is amazing like everyone has said. The sand is great. You do need to get there early if you want coverage in the morning. We never got up this early, but after lunch we were always able to find some coverage from the sun. The water is clear, we did have a little bit of vegetation floating in it, but nothing that was a problem. The pools are nice. They are big and have some shade to them. I wish they had a separate adults/kids pool. Food: The food was decent. You could find enough to eat for a week. I was ready to get something else when we left, but always found something enjoyable for each meal. We went to the Steakhouse and Mexican restaurant, which both were average at best. The best food we ate was at the sports bar. They served you here and the food was good. We ate there our last night and I wish we would of ate there again. The drinks were fine. We mostly drank beer. I had a few mixed drinks and frozen which tasted normal and did the trick. We did bring a insulated mug to have on the beach that acted as our pitcher.Activities: We did not do any excursions. We did go to Captain Cooks, which is a restaurant on the beach a boat/cab ride away. The food there, a huge plate of mixed seafood, was great. The nightlife is limited. The show was ok and could keep you entertained for a little bit. The Star Friends did a great job trying to get people involved. We played cards, went to the sports bar at night to watch games, went to the disco, and/or stopped by the casino. If you are looking for a rocking party, go to Vegas or Cancun. We had fun within our own group. We did use the fitness center during the day. It was decent equipment, some outdated, however it was open air and you could see the ocean from it.Overall, it was an excellent vacation and I would go back to Punta Cana and an Iberostar. The workers were friendly and would help with whatever was needed. I did try and tip at each meal or when getting a drink. Not everyone did, but I figure if I tip at each drink in Vegas, it makes more sense to tip here. If are looking for a relaxing vacation with a decent atmosphere, the Iberostar PC is a great place.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>dpridotkas
<Content>BEST BEACH EVER - Food, Drinks So-So Just got back from a 5 night stay at the Punta Cana. The beach is the nicest I have ever seen! The resort grounds and facilities are also very nice. If you are looking for a relaxing beach vacation this would be the place to go. If you are looking for some excitement, adventure, and great nightlife please do not go to the Dominican Republic. You would be much better off going to Mexico. I don't feel it is safe to leave the resort unless you are on a booked excursion.The food was just OK and got really repetitive. The drinks were OK, if you wanted a shot, long island iced tea, or a certain drink with more than one type of alcohol they would not make it. They have a list of drinks you can pick from which does have specialty, frozen, and basic drinks. But if you didn't want something from the list then too bad. Make sure you make reservations for the specialty restaurants as soon as you arrive. If you want top shelf liquor they only serve that in the lobby bars and the sports bar.The room was nice, and they did accomodate us with a third bed, no problem. Beware, the hotel is not equipped with the proper electric outlets to plug your US electronics and hair styling tools into. You can go to the gift shop and buy and adaptar, however only one plug in our entire room would work with the adaptar. And the adaptars kept melting when we used them. Being three ladies traveling together this was a real issue when trying to get ready for the evening. The blow dryer they supply in the room is practically useless. I did see the front desk charging peoples cell phones and camera batteries.Cell phone service - Verizon worked great, they told us our phone would not work in Punta Cana unless we purchased or rented a global phone and that was not true. Our phone worked fine, and you only had to dial just like back home - the 1 and area code and phone number. Nextel and T-Mobile did not work at all.The disco was fun and had a neat decor with the cockpit of the plane being the DJ booth. The sports bar was nice and had tv's, pool tables, arcade games. The casino was small but decent.The resort had mostly older couples, families, and Europeans. If you are single looking for romance I wouldn't suggest this area. I am glad I want and got to enjoy the gorgeous beach, however I like a little more excitement on my vacations and probably won't be returning until I am in my 60's.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>BostonEK
<Content>Loved the Iberostar Just got back from a week at the Iberostar. About a 10 minute walk from the hotel, there are little shops on the beach. If you are a dog lover, please go feed the stray dogs there. There are at least 10 stray skinny dogs, and 12 malnourished puppies right behind the shops. Any local shop owner can point you to where they are. PLEASE PLEASE bring them food! We booked through TNT vacations from Boston and everything went very smoothly. For the price, this hotel is amazing! There are peacocks, flamingoes, a stork, and other birds roaming around the property. The property was well maintained and beautiful. The food was much better than what we expected, and there were enough choices so that we weren't bored with the food. Overall we had a great time, and wil go back again.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	2	5	3	

<Author>bellyroller
<Content>Beyond Paradice 4/10/08-4/15/08       Speed Boat/Snorkeling Excursion  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>DesignGuy
<Content>A Tremendous Value       Zip line excursion  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>kbrislin428
<Content>fabulous wedding We had our wedding and stayed at the Iberostar Punta Cana with 8 friends and family. We had a great time. The wedding was absolutely gorgous and exactly what I wanted. The pools and beaches are beautiful. The night buffet was not great but the lunch buffets at the beach and a la carte restaurants were quite good. Entertainment was so so. It was better after a few drinks. The disco was better late into the night. Overall, we had a fabulous time and would return!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>dancatsr
<Content>Excellent!!!!! We returned from our second trip to the Iberostar Punta Cana in as many years. First, let me say that I have read the 'Bad reviews and can't imagine what these people expected in a resort. The grounds are immaculate, from the plantings to the water features, to the live animals roaming the grounds. This place has it all. The service is second to none and I and my wife travel extensively. We did tip, this is not required but I felt the right thing to do. The first day we saw the maid we tipped her and asked for extra towels and more bottled water, this was done everyday after and the room was spotless. The reviews that I have seen complained about the food or lack of it.....HOW can that be when there is anything you can imagine for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Eggs anyway you want them, bacon and all the usual suspects for breakfast, Lunch same deal, anything and the chefs will get you something is you don' see it there! Dinner buffets were a hit. Beef, pork, chicken, lamb, pasta, and a carving station with a different item on it, greeted us every night of our stay. The beach is fabulous. You do however, have to get up early and place towels down on the chairs(this is forbidden, but when in Rome...), this is a must if you want any shade throughout the day, and let me tell you, you will! Drinks were strong and in abundance!!! If anyone has any questions feel free to e-mail me dancatsr@cox.net , and I will be happy to assist!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>miksha
<Content>It was very nice We just spent a week at this resort 3/28-4/4/08. We booked about 3mos prior through a travel agent who worked with TNT Vacations. Another couple we knew booked about 1mos before departure and traveled with us. The charter flight down from Boston,MA was smooth  easy. We were greeted at the air port by the TNT Rep Andres  the arrival process was very easy. Nunerous porters were available  we were taken to the bus. We tipped the Porter $1 per bag  this appeared to make him very happy. The ride to the resort was quick, less than 15min. The ride goes through very poor places and there is much litter  trash everywhere. This was very sad to see. After seeing this, I had no desire to travel off the resort grounds.The Resrt itself:Upon arrival, the check in process was very confusing  lengthy. We were part of a large charter flight but it still took over 2hrs to get checked in  assigned a room. Both parties had requested king beds  rooms close to one another. We were both the last to be checked in and were given the last rooms at the end if the hallway by the Maids Closet. Both had double beds  were on two separate floors. We were right above each other though so we could talk over the balcony. The view from our balcony (on the second floor) was the back ot the Steak House but is we looked to the right we could see part of the pool  the ocean in the distance. Our travel companions fared worse as they were on the first fllor so they basically had no view at all other than the back of the Steak House. The rooms were both large  clean, nothing fancy. There was always pleanty of hot water for showering  the minibar was well stocked. We tipped our maid $5 per day  the room was always done berfore 10am. The Grounds were beautiful  very well maintained. The walk ways are winding but it is good exercise walking around. The pool  beach area are beautiful. Our only complaint was the same as most of the other reviews-people reserving chairs under tha palapas by 6:30am made it impossible to sleep past 7am  still have any hope of finding anyplace to use. We watched many reserved areas go unused until 10a-11am when people finally showed up. This was VERY annoying. Food: Mostly ate at the buffett. Found there to be a wide variety  no one ever went hungry. The food was ok, we wondered if they tried too hard to please every possible taste so while the quantity was good the quality possibly suffered. Used 2/3 possible reservations at the a la cart restaurants. While at the sea food restaurant, my husband ordered the fried calamarie dish  that is exactly what he got-just calamarie  nothing else. It was a glorified appetizer. The Steak House was good though, no complaints there. We always tipped when leaving the table, even when at the buffet-style restaurants. Drinks: Plenty of beer (local) available but no frozen drinks (other than those from a machine). I had a very hard time getting a simple Coconut Rum  Diet Coke drink. Most mixed drinks tasted the same, all like Planters Punch but we did not find any of them tasting watered down! The wait staff did work very hard to accomodate the various requests. We always tipped at least $1 per round (4 drinks)  sometimes more when the service was fast. Entertainment: No complaints here. There was always something going on at different times of the day. The staff by the pool/beach area worked very hard to keep people entertained  laughing. Weather: We had only 1 lousy day of weather the whole week, that was the Thursday before we left on Friday. That one day it remainded cloudy  overcast with frequent rainy periods. All the other days, the weather started off partly cloudy in the early am clearing to scattered clouds by 9am. There was always a beautiful breeze coming off the ocean. Getting enough sun was not a problem!Overall, we found our stay to be very enjoyable. While it was not perfection, and you have to remind yourself that you are in another country, it had many more pluses than minuses. For the price it could not be beat!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>Big_Al_Maryland
<Content>Perfect Vacation for Us My wife and I spent 5 days, 4 nights at the Iberostar Punta Cana from 3/23 - 3/27. This was our second time to Punta Cana. When we went 8 years ago we stayed at the Occidental Grand Flamenco, which had recently opened. We had a great time then, and we have been aching to go back ever since. However, as I read the reviews on this and other sites, it looks like the Occidental has gone downhill since then, so we decided to try the Iberostar Punta Cana as it seemed to have decent reviews. We booked our travel through American Airlines Vacations since we had air vouchers through AA which covered the cost of our flights. Since we had been to Punta Cana before, and having read lots of reviews on here, I feel we had realistic expectations about what to expect. Transfer from the airport was through Prieto Tours and was included as part of our vacation package. We easily found their kiosk at the airport after clearing customs  immigration. After giving us some basic instructions they directed us to the Prieto bus where we waited about 30 minutes while other passengers arrived and boarded the bus. The bus stopped at 3-4 other resorts before ours, so it was probably a total of 2 hours from the time our plane landed until the time we arrived at the hotel. The bus was air conditioned and the driver was friendly. We arrived at the hotel at approximately 2:30 in the afternoon. We gave the driver a few dollars tip.Check-in was fine and fairly quick as we were the only ones checking in at the time. I speak Spanish, so I chatted with the desk clerk (Andres) in Spanish and played up the fact that my wife was pregnant (24 weeks) and asked if we could have a nice room with a comfortable bed. They originally booked in a room with two beds, but Andres moved us to a room with a king size bed on the top floor. As others have indicated, the Punta Cana and Dominicana are basically mirror images of each other with gardens and walkways in between. Both buildings are long (I'm not a good judge of distance, but it probably takes 3-4 minutes to walk from one end of the building to the other). The rooms are all along the outside of the building, so everyone has a balcony. There are interior courtyards in the middle of the buildings with plants, trees, and water fountains; very pretty. Our room was at the end closest to the lobby. The room was nice - nothing amazing, but we weren't really there for the room. Since we were on the top floor, the room had vaulted ceilings and a ceiling fan. The room overlooked the gardens between the lobby and the our building and had a balcony with chairs, a table, and a rack to hang wet swimsuits. The air conditioning worked fine, though it did leak a little bit on the floor. The TV has approximately 25 channels, with a mix of Spanish, English, French, and German. There are several movie channels, most of them were in Spanish or another language, but most of them you could turn on Closed Captioning and read the dialogue in English. Water pressure in the bathroom was fine, and we never ran short on hot water no matter the hour. As others have indicated, the water is not safe to drink out of the tap, so be sure to use bottled water for brushing teeth and rinsing your toothbrush. The minibar had soda, beer, and bottled water. We don't drink alcohol, so we left a note for the maid to please put in lots of water instead of beer, which she did. We also left the maid $3 each day. The grounds are beautifully manicured with winding paths between the two buildings. Since we were at the end of the hotel furthest away from the beach, we learned that it was a little faster to walk through the interior courtyard of the hotel to get to the beach, since as the sidewalks kind of wind and curve around. Although we didn't spend any time at the pools, they looked clean and had plenty of people using them. The beach was amazing. The sand is super fine and soft, the water was a great swimming temperature, and the hotel crew cleaned up all of the seaweed that washed ashore every morning. The surf is pretty low, so don't expect to do much body surfing if you are interested in that. People do go down to the beach early to drop off things to save the shade huts, which can be a bit annoying. Since my wife tends to get up early anyway, she went down to the beach between 7-7:30 each morning and just stayed there reading her book until I got down to the beach later in the morning. You can walk for miles in each direction and see some of the other resorts. About a 15 minute walk to the right of the resort (as you are looking at the ocean) are vendors selling souveneirs. I was able to negotiate about 40-50% off what they initially asked. If you want to buy souveneirs, I suggest this: (1) go down to the vendors one day just looking to see what there is to get an idea of what they have and what you like, (2) once you know what you want, go to the shops at the hotel (where you can't negotiate prices) to see what they are asking for the items you are interested in, then (3) the next day go back to the vendors and try to negotiate deals better than what you can get at the hotel shops. As with most negotiating, offer them a ridiculously low amount and then be willing to negotiate up to the most you are willing to pay. Don't be afraid to walk away and try another vendor. Most of them sell very similar stuff and I found that some were more willing to negotiate than others. It also helps to buy many things from the same vendor as they'll give you a quantity discount.The food was OK, but nothing to rave about. Since my wife was at the beach before I was, I usually at breakfast at the buffet restaurant while she at at the beach restaurant. We lunched at the restaurant by the beach on the Dominicana side, and dinner was usually at the buffet restaurants. We were allowed 2 reservations at the a la carte restaurants, but only ended up eating at the Mexican restaurant, which wasn't that memorable. I had read good things about the steak house, but they said there weren't any openings until 3 days after we left. I didn't try to 鈥渂ribe鈥?the reservations person to see if that would get us in, but in hind site I probably should have tried.We didn't stay for much of the nightly entertainment as there were lots people smoking all around us and with my wife being pregnant, we didn't want to be around that. Transfer back to the airport was again with Prieto tours who arrived when they said they would (3 hours before our departure). Note that leaving the airport is a bit crazy (at least for American Airlines). We had to stand in one line for about 45 minutes where they had a security guy hand searching every bag and then get in another line for about 30 minutes to wait for the ticket counter. Overall we had a fantastic time. We went with the idea that we just wanted a lazy vacation where we lounged on the beach, read books, and people watched all day. That is what we did and can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>nne1dxd
<Content>What You Did Not Hear About Just returned from the Ibersostar Punta Cana Friday 4-04-08. I read all the reviews before leaving, but there are a few issues that may be of help to you that were not clear. The resort is gorgeous, the people friendly, the beach can be spectacular, just as most reviews mentioned. Check in was very confusing, you wait in line just to be told to go fill out a check in form, then stand in line again and you still do no know if your room is ready. Be patient at this time. You will get a safe deposit box after you check in, and wait in another line for the key. Rooms are awesome, we had a coffee pot, but bring your own coffee mate powdered creamer. Ask for a king bed or you will get two double beds. All rooms have a small balcony with a small resin table and 2 chairs. Excellent water pressure in shower, air workes great also. Tip, they only leave you 3 cervesa and 3 aqua every 2 days. We left a note asking for Mucho cervesa / aqua, and we defined our days there, along with a ten dollar bill. We had a full fridge everyday, as well as extra gallons of spring water. Well worth the ten bucks, but you will need ice for your your beer and water as the fridge does not work very well. The food was good but if you want to eat at the restaurants, book immediately. We thought we finally got a reservation, only to find it was a glorified buffet !! Yes, men can wear dress shorts at all restaurants except air conditioned, closed in types. I packed too many long pants. The beach, gorgeous and huge, but we had 3 very windy days, and you got sand blasted on the beach. The beaches also got sanddrifted and they were constantly moving sand around to compensate. If you want a hut, get up early, I mean like 6 A.M. or forget it. Plenty of loungers though, but you can't take too much sun. The pool was huge, and same thing if you want a hut.. early birds only. What a shame to see many huts reserved with towels, very early but you would never see people at them until late afternoon. They need to control this. No pool bar at all, as a matter of fact, there are 793 rooms at the 2 resorts, all using the same beach, so there are 2000 people plus looking for drinks, but only 2 small beach bars, and 2 restaurant bars close to the beach. You will wait for drinks, but bring a Bubba Keg drink cooler and you will make less trips (Wal Mart)...Remember you are on the North side of the Domincan, and we only had 2 real sunny days, showers and high wind on 3, and 2 mostly cloudy days, so if you want sun, take advantage of whenever it is out.. Don't get me wrong, a great resort, but wanted to clear up a few issues for you... Have fun.. !!!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	2	5	3	

<Author>little2
<Content>Below Iberostar standards I just returned from this resort having stayed from 3/28-4/4/08. I was traveling alone  I booked thru TNT in Boston  they provided smooth, seamless travel  went beyond my expectations in terms of service. I booked this vacation only about 10 days before leaving because I was tired of winter weather  just needed some sun  warm temps for a week. I went on a charter flight which is the best way to go  what made me book this vacation. TNT did a wonderful job w/everything including the TNT rep, Andres in DR. Since the trip getting there was so easy, (again, thank you TNT), the check in came as a huge shock to me  others. First of all, I've checked into more hotels than I can count  have also traveled on other charters  have stayed at other Iberostar resorts. Check in took at least an hour  a half or longer. It was an unending stand in line, get an envelope, go see someone else, get a wristband  fill out a form, then wait until everyone else had done the same thing, then gather around to hear about the hotel, then get back in line to get the room key, then go to the bellmen to claim luggage  have it taken to the room. In my case, there was no bellman available or the one that was, was talking to some other guests  ignored the summons. I wanted to take my one piece of luggage myself but was told I had to wait for the allusive bellman. It was now close to 2 hrs. since I'd arrived. Since I had my room key, I just asked to be pointed in the right direction so I could as least get to my room. I was pointed in the right direction  eventually found my room.  The grounds are lovely but annoying, my opinion. I found the walkways were like a maze w/circles, squares, curving walkways  a lot of paths w/in this maze that went no where. To go from point A to point B was exhausting. I figured out that there was a covered walkway in the back of the hotel, used mostly by the staff, which led me exactly from point A to point B. I understand this sounds ridiculous but I was on vacation, and while the grounds were lovely, I did not need to see every bit of them everytime I wanted to go to the lobby or buffet restaurant.The beach sand is like finely ground flour. But the beach is my biggest complaint. I had read that it was necessary to get to the beach  reserve a spot early, (prohibited according to signs). I am accustomed to doing this at other resorts sometime between 8-9am. However, at this resort, it was by 6:30am. In other words, the first day I was there, I was on the beach looking for a palapala at 7am  almost didn't find one until I got really lucky  found one I thought no one else would want. The one time I had the nerve to sleep until 7:15am, (ON VACATION), I jumped up out of bed  dashed to the beach to find nothing available. I am a real beach person but I do not sit in the sun. I admit that I will reserve 1 chair  palapala but I will use them from about 8am to around 5pm. I like to just sit  read, look at the water, swim several times a day  take a nap. But aside from getting lunch at the beach restaurant, I'm in that chair from 8-5. I really believe there are people who not only reserved beach chairs  palapalas but also did the same thing at the pool. I saw chairs  palapalas empty until 3-4 in the afternoon but were reserved at 6:30am. Based on this ridiculous condition of getting up between 6-6:30am, I would not return to this resort.I personally thought the food was fine. I don't go on vacation to eat  there was always something that I could eat. I usually went to the buffet restaurant for coffee in the morning  found, Maria to be a wonderful young woman. Also, Rahamdes, (spelling?), was also delightful. These 2 people were about the only 2 that I can think of amongst the staff who were pleasant. Both were more than pleasant. I arrived back at my room about 5:20 one day to find my room had yet to be cleaned. Pls know I am big on tipping. I bring at least $100 in $1 bills w/me. I always left $2 on the pillow for the chambermaid. When she finally arrived at my room, I told her it wasn't necessary but tipped her anyway.My friend  I stayed at the Iberostar Costa Dorado in Puerto Plata in December. This was then our 7th trip to the DR. We loved this resort. I have also stayed at Iberostars in the Rivierva Maya. Again, I loved them. My friend  I have also stayed at many other hotels in Punta Cana  were very happy w/all of them. While I was not unhappy w/this resort, I was a bit disappointed. I had a wonderful time, staying alone, but I would not return to the Iberostar Punta Cana. I found it disappointing having spent many other times at an Iberostar  other resorts in the DR. As one of the guests said to me, I know tipping is not necessary but at this place is seems very necesssary. Since I always tip anyone who does anything for me, I hadn't thought about it. But even w/all the tipping I did, I did not find this hotel to be at the standards I equate an Iberostar. Either their standards are slipping or this is just an isolated incident.Again, traveling alone, I had a great time but I would not return to this particular hotel. My son pointed out to me this morning that I have traveled so much  stayed in so many other resorts than perhaps my expecations have increased, as have his. I would agree but I would also add that I'm a pretty easy traveller. I expect little  am usually happy w/what I get. My biggest disappointments at Iberostrar Punta Cana was the check in  the beach situation. I can easily live w/the annoying walkways  the so-so service. The beach is always the most important thing to me. While it is was lovely, I don't need to feel guilty for sleeping until 7:15am while I'm on vacation  then know I will not be able to find a place to sit unless it's in direct sun all day. To end on a positive note, the room I had was lovely. It was very clean  large. The view was great  the room was centrally located between the lobby/restaurants  the beach. The interior of the hotel is like other Iberostars, built around a courtyard with gardens in the middle. They are really beautiful. The grounds are gorgeous  the decor very nice. But again, I'm a beach person. If I can't find a place on the beach that isn't in direct sun, I'm not going to be happy. Also, when I arrive at a hotel, I expect it to take about 20 minutes, maximum to check in,  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	1	3	2	

<Author>vthand
<Content>an OK place .... great for moderate expectations The general review is FAIR and I will explain the highs and lows... the highs... the beach and the lovely grounds. They really are specactular. But if you have an intrepid travel spirit and want to venture off the premises this may not be the place for you. The rooms and beach were great and though the reservations for the permanent sunbrellas was non existant and prompted some low level competition, the experience was fine.The low point of the trip was the food. The speciality restaurants were nothing special and the overall food quality was diluted by trying too hard to have too many offerings which turned out to be marginal. In their support, there was consistency in the buffet. The special restaurant reservation process was bordering on scammy. When we were savvy enough to book our 3 reservations upon our arrival, we were given our choices but what we observed when we were in the dining areas did not correlate with the stated time restrictions for reservations. Bottom line... the peak eating times resulted in virtually an EMPTY restaurant. Tipping to get what you want is the way to go apparently. We learned that too late. Too bad for those who really had some higher expectations.Overall, for R and R and a great reading and restful vacation , the Iberostar is an OK place and I think a swell place for those with families and little ones.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>Scodea
<Content>Beautiful Property, but some disappointments       One of the  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>eobChicago_Illinois
<Content>Great beach, lackluster nightlife Overall, this is a great all inclusive resort. Check in was easy. A little confusing at first - came in with a big group from an Apple Vacations' chartered flight. We tipped the front desk $20 and we were upgraded to a beautiful suite in the nicer of the two buildings. Extremely clean and very nice size. You are also provided plenty of bottled water, beer and pop in your room.Be prepared to wait at least an hour for your room however. The grounds are beautiful and very expansive. The staff is very professional and nice. Most speak a little English although it helped us knowing a little Spanish.Bring a lot of ones for tipping - tipping can go a long way.The best thing this resort has is its beach. The sand is like walking on silk. I cannot emphasize how great it is. I often walked along the coast to check out other resorts - Iberostar had the best by far.Lounge chairs are easy enough to get. The permanent umbrella structures are not. You have to get there before 9:30 a.m. to grab one near the water. We only managed to get up that early on the last day. Otherwise, we had no problem finding shaded areas farther from the water.We never went to the pool, but it always looked packed. You would have to get up extra early to get a chair there. It looked nice, but there was never a breeze and for me that was unbearable as it was so hot. The food was okay. If you stay 7 nights you can make reservations at three a la carte restaurants. Make them right away. They can be hard to get - don't wait at all. If you like lobster, make a reservation at La Siblia. It was the best grilled lobster I have ever had. The Mexican restaurant was also outstanding. The steak place was very good, but the other two were better.The buffets are okay - nothing special. There is plenty of it. The fruity drinks where a huge disappointment. On numerous occasions I had to question whether there was any booze in my drink. Tipping didn't help. The lobby bar makes them slightly better than the beach bars. The downer here is the nightlife. There really is none. There are two lobby bars and a sports bar. THere is a disco - which is overrun by teenagers (16 and 17 year olds) who can drink legally in the D.R. Brutal. The music is pretty bad as well. There was usually some entertainment provided at both lobby bars, but after 6 nights of the same stuff it gets a little old. Let's just say I don't ever again want to hear the soundtrack to Grease or people playing Bingo. There is a casino. Beware though, its tiny and the dealers have NO idea what they are doing. I mean NO IDEA. You have to watch them constantly and count your chips before you cash in. I did have fun at roulette though. I actually won there, which is crazy. Don't even bother playing blackjack. Also, they let the older teenagers come in, which often confused an already confusing situation. Visitors at the Iberostar Bravaro may have more to do - that resort is connected to the Punta Cana/Dominica resorts, but we could not use their facilities. They could use ours however. If I were to go back, which I would, I would pay the extra money and stay there.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>itzdonna
<Content>Couldn't have asked for more!       Flamingos  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>JoLieAntwerp
<Content>Absolutely great hotel, but not excellent.       Beach BBQ  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	4	5	2	2	3	

<Author>pizzsa
<Content>A relaxing place... I have just come back from Iberostar Punta Cana in DR and I have been there twice before but stayed at Iberostar Bavaro. I must say it was a nice change from the Bavaro, first since we were returning guests we received an upgrade to the junior suites and it was very clean, spacious and beautiful balcony view!The grounds were beautiful and kept very well. I would recommend staying at Iberostar Punta Cana instead of Iberostar Bavaro even though the Bavaro is more expensive, there really isn't much difference, they are connecting resorts. Try the Japenese and the Steak house restaurants and make sure you make reservations as soon as you get there! Overall beautiful relaxing getaway, but I still love Riviera Maya, Mexico more! Hope this helps anyone who is thinking of going!!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>moneycatchers
<Content>some good - some bad first the good - beautiful pool, grounds and food and we always had lots of hot wonderful water no matter when we took a showerbad - WAY too much walking from one end of the complex to the other. The only beer is local - not so great and i have been on many other islands and have always found frozen drinks but not here. The drinks were EXTEMELY sweet and watered down. Even my rum and coke was bad. There were 4 of us and we all ended up just drinking cokes because there were not any frozen drinks. That was very dissappointing for us.We were guarenteed 3 reservations for dining - unfortunately, we only got to use 2 because the other one would have had to be at 10 PM at nite. They only book from 6:30 -10 PM and only about 10 tables at each restaurant so we never got to go to the steak one. I heard it was very good from other people. If you get stuck for reservations, do go to the Hard Rock on premises. You can get decent sandwiches etc. there.If you are in a wheelchair, also be aware that it is not handicap friendly. On the grounds it is paved but the walk from the pool to the beach is a good eighth of a mile. OK if you can walk not so great if you can't! The walk from the casino to our room which was midway in the resort was over 1/2 mile. Speaking of the casino .... don't go there with the intent of expecting anything. Machines were outdated and there were only about 30. It also didn't open until 6:30 PM. We also had the same result with waiting for a room when we arrived. We had to wait AT LEAST an hour, which did not make us happy but I must say that our room was nice and the maids were very nice (we left a $2 tip everyday). We always had lots of water and pop in our frig and our safe worked once we got a key from the main desk.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	1	4	3	

<Author>gottatravelsoon
<Content>another awesome repeat stay!       Room 5079 -- family suite  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Mels3315
<Content>Best Vacation Yet! I have to say - this was the best vacation I have had!!Myself and three others (my boyfriend, my sister and her boyfriend - all between 24-28 years of age) travelled to Punta Cana March 9 - 16. We are from Halifax and Toronto. We stayed at the Iberostar Punta Cana, all in building #5. This was my second time to Punta Cana and my third Carribean vacation. The resort is beautiful, the service was great and there was as much (or as little) activity available as you wanted. I will run though all of the elements of our trip to give you an overall picture of our stay.Arrival / Check-in / Room: fast and problem-free. We were driven to our rooms and our luggage was quick to follow (and we just arrived at 2am!). Our room was clean and cool when we arrived with an absolutely stunning view of the gardens. We were on the 3rd floor and enojyed the opennes of building. There is an elevator available, however the stairs allow you to view the indoor garden in the centre of thebuilding. The bathroom could have used some minor renovations (mainly the bathtub), but we spent about 10% of our time in the room so we didn't care. The maid service was excellent and we got fresh flowers on our swan-shaped towels everyday. The mini-fridge was stocked everyday with at least 8 beer, 5-6 bottles of water and 5-6 bottles of pop (all regular except for 1 diet). They told us that the fridge was stocked every second day, but in both of our rooms the fridge was stocked daily. The balcony had a great view and a plastic drying rack attached to the wall to hang your wet towels and bathing suits. We left the maid $1-2 per day as well as some candy and school supplies.Food: We all thought the food was great! You have to keep in mind that things are not like home, so the buffet does offer things like mashed potato for breakfast. There were 2 buffet restuarants which we ate breakfast at regularly. One is American style and the other was European style. Both generally had the same menu items except for 2-3 variations. For breakfast they served pancakes, bacon, omelettes, eggs, sausage, fruit, fresh juices, rolls, and plenty more. Lunch we usually ate at the beach restaurant. It was buffet-style and served foods like chicken skewers, grilled chicken breasts, hamburgers, hot dogs, salads, wraps, rice, mashed potato, cooked vegetables, nachos, salads, etc. The desserts were pretty good as well (coconut pie, custard, cheesecake). Now, I am going to warn you..........food safety regulations are not the same as in Canada. The first time I was in Punta Cana (not the Iberostar) I was sick and spent most of my trip in the bathroom. You have to use some common sense - avoid foods that have the potential to be dangerous - for example - the luncheon meats - they looked great but were definately not kept cold enough to keep bacteria from growing. We all stayed away from the luncheon meats and cold salads (pasta salad, tuna salad, wraps, etc.) and ALL FOUR OF US WERE 100% OKAY. No one got sick and we all enjoyed the food and the trip. The luncheon meats may have been fine, but none of us were willing to take the chance. Try to stick with cooked foods and just use your head. We got a hamburger that was raw in the middle. Throw it out! Check your food before you eat it. You are not home and food is not handled the same way as it is in Canada. If you use some common sense and avoid foods that you don't feel are safe then you will be fine and feel great your whole trip. If you eat warm luncheon meats and cheese that has been sitting around for a couple of hours in 30 degree heat, you are asking for it!For supper we ate at the buffet most of the time and had 2 a la cartes (Mexican and Steakhouse). The buffet had great food for supper and changed the theme every night. For example, one night they served tacos and the next night they had a great display of cheeses and wine. The Mexican restuarant was really good (if you enjoy spicy mexican food) and was generally typical of Mexican restaurants back home. The steakhouse was great as well and served steak with corn, baked potato and carrots. Note: I got the sour cream on my potato and it is definately sour cream!! Not like home!! It is similiar in texture but is very sour in taste! If you are up for something different, give it a try!Snacks: Brick-oven cooked pizza was cooked around the clock (really great by the way) and they had an ice cream bar by the beach that was open during the day. The ice cream was like dairy queen soft serve and I think I had it a few times a day! There is ALWAYS a bar open to get a drink.Pool : There were 2 pools (1 shallow - about 4 feet deep) and the other deeper - about 6-6.5 feet deep). Both were very clean and refreshing. We could always get a chair around the pool and there were always activities in the pool - from water polo to trivia.Beach: What can I say?? It is beautiful!! White sand that is like sugar under your feet, palm trees, turquoise water, refreshing breeze............there were always activities (volleyball, archery, water sports, games) available and the Star Friends were really great at recruiting you if you were interested in participating or leaving you alone if you just wanted an afternoon siesta.I only have really one note to make about the beach - get to the beach early if you want shade. We usually went to the beach around 10am and all of the shaded chairs were taken. I burn very easily, so I can not lay directly in the sun for extended periods of time. If you tan, there are always chairs available in the sun. For us pale folk, you have to get there early to reserve a chair, which is supposed to be forbidden anyway. People can get very cranky about their reserved place, as I found out from one particular women who would not let us under her palapa as she would be moving in and out of the shade all day. We watched her and she only used the hut for about 20 min, The rest of the day she had moved her chair and was sitting i the sun and not under her hut. There is even a sign on the huts stating that you are not allowed to reserve them, but we did not want to cause a scene on our vacation so just let it go. People start reserving the beach chairs at around 7am or before (we went to watch the sunrise at approx 6:30am and saw people flocking to reserve their chairs with their towels in hand). So, if you burn easily, get there early.The beach also had alot of toplessness, which we didn't mind as it kept the guys occupied while we napped on the beach. Make sure to walk down the beach to the far right and shop at the little local huts. They have really good deals on cigars / larimar stone necklaces and other jewellery. They will tell you they are giving you a cheapy cheapy price, but just go to the next guy and you can always get it cheaper. Make sure to barter - we got boxes of 25 Cohiba cigars (real) for $30 USD each. The price started at $210 USD and we knocked him down. The more you buy from them, the cheaper the price. Also, I got quite a large larimar stone ring for $10 and my sister paid $20 for the same thing just a hour before. The huts also sell paintings and carvings. Our travel rep told us to aim for about 50% or less of what they are asking.Entertainment: we went to all of the evening shows and they were entertaining.....not fabulous, but they definately put alot of effort into them and we enjoyed each one. The star friends are great and so enthusiastic. Plenty of activities and entertainment at all times of the day and night. They have little games in the lobby as well that you can play in the evening - simple games like horseshoes and throwing the ball in the basket. You can win a t-shirt and it is fun to watch others play. They also had this crazy thing outside of the lobby where they had this gigantic pot pf juice and they dragged you over to try some. I felt like something was up as everyone was standing around staring. I asked what kind it is and she told me pineapple. Once I agreed to try a glass she opened the lid on the pot and this guy jumped out and scared me half to death!!! It was really fun and I felt like I had just been on an episode of Just For Laughs. The disco was open until 2-3am and was pretty neat inside. It was an airplane theme and the DJ was actually in the cockpit. It was never very busy and we were usually one of the last ones to leave. They played a variety of music and we made several requests as well. The bartenders were great and there was always a housekeeper (it was so cute - she wore a maid outfit and hat) cleaning up and taking glasses away. Once again, you are not at home so you have as much fun as you want to have. Enjoy yourself as how often will you be able to dance on a dance floor with only 20 other people??? (AND not have to wait in line for drinks - FREE drinks!)Grounds: pristine and always groomed. It was a beautiful resort with lots of things to see and do. Make sure to check out the four-some of flamingos which always walk together in a line, and George the rooster. George is the biggest rooster I have ever seen and he LOVES to watch the shows. He will actually sit on the arm of a chair in with the audience and sleep during the show. AND, to top it off, he likes to be petted. He will sit there and let you pet him like a cat. Very cute.Overall, I just wanted to say that this was the best vacation we have had yet and definately look forward to returning to Punta Cana next year!!!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BrooklynCutie
<Content>Amaaaaazing!!!!!!!!!!! Loved It!       fruit plate and rum upon arrival to your room  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CaesarKelley
<Content>Frequent vacationer - Great All-Inclusive This is our fifth all inclusive vacation and would rate it the best we have been on. My husband and I are in our mid-30's (me) and early 40's (hubby). We did not travel with any children. We feel that we are relatively easy going travelers since we go on so many vacations each year. So we can take some good with the bad and don't feel that we are overly critical of the small stuff. So I'll try to hit each of the amenities of the resort and hope future travelers find it useful. I'm not going to talk about the airport or transfers as they really don't have anything to do with the resort...but both were extremely smooth. Don't forget your $10 in cash to get into the country.Hotel/Check In - Smooth. We arrived at noon and filled out some paperwork, the people at the front desk told us to come back at 3pm. We waiting about 10 minutes and after most of the people scattered, I went to the front desk and asked if our room was ready. He said it was ready and that it was near the pool. I offered him $20 for a better room, but he said this room was pretty good. Since we spend very little time in our room, that was fine with me. Room - pretty standard for an all inclusive resort. Nice patio (we were on the first floor). It was clean, had a little bit of a humid (not musty) smell and met all the needs of a hotel room. No washclothes, so be sure to bring your own with you or ask the maid for extras. They provide plenty of bottled water, soda and beer.Bars - Nice lobby bar, beach bar, etc... Plenty of bars to have drinks whenever you want. Not much more to say. If you want premium alcohol, just ask for it. Service was great at all the bars and while we were sitting at the lobby bar.Pool - decent pools, but we didn't spend much time there since the beach is so great. Beaches - best beach we've been to. We stayed at the Riu Bambu in Punta Cana two years ago and they had a few more palm trees, but it really is as great as everyone says and the beaches will keep us coming back for many years to come. We never had trouble finding chairs as we didn't care if we were in the shade or not. We usually didn't get down to the beach until after noon.Activities/Shows - there is LOTS to do at this resort which is why we rated it so high. Even though my husband and I are not in our twenties, we will like to be active on vacation. We played beach volleyball everyday, participated in the shows and ended our night at the nightclub each night around 2am. The shows were cute and entertaining enough for an hour. C'mon - the reason you choose to go to an all inclusive is not for the shows, it's just an added plus to the vacation experience.Star Friends team - really nice people that want to make your vacation experience pleasurable. They will include you as much or as little as you want.Restaurants - we ate at two resrervation restaurants. Oriental and Mexican. Oriental - I would rate a 7 out of 10. Mexican - not so good. The buffet was fine. Nothing outstanding, but we never went hungry. Again, we don't go on vacations to eat ourselves silly, so as long as the food is edible, we are fine with it. The serv ice at all the restaurants was great. Tipping - we stayed at the Iberostar for 5 days and tipped a total of about $45-$50. Usually a $1 for every two drinks and a few dollars for lunch/dinner and $3-$4 for the maid. I saw very few tips given to the staff which was a little disappointing as they really work hard and very long hours. I could tell the tipping did get us better service. This resort is connected to the Iberostar Domincan and their rates are higher - I have no idea why as we used all the same amenities (restaurants, bars, shows, etc...).We paid $1,867 for 5 days and booked through Apple vacations. We feel like we got a steal as my mom paid $3,000 to say at the Riu Palace for only one extra day.I would highly recommend this resort and tell everyone that writes reviews to not take things so serious. No complaining about the lack of English speaking employees - you are in a Spainish speaking country. They understood everything I asked for and I don't speak but more than 5 words of English. Most of all, enjoy your vacation and be sure to write a review if you are reading this one as people really do rely on these to make decisions about where to stay and not stay.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>maryqueen
<Content>Loved the Iberostar...returning customer! Just returned from a beautiful week at the Iberostar punta cana...9th time and second for this resort having been there when it first opened...George from animation and his crew were fabulous ...the dining room manager was great...Joannna was wonderful and helped me with my 86 year old mom...iberostar is classy, congenial and willing to acccommodate everyone...food was great, liquor top shelf and maid service and maintenance excellent...would I stay anywhere else but an Iberostar?...never again! Thanks and God Bless.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kicker08
<Content>WOW!!       Our Room  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>GreeneyesBoston
<Content>Beautiful Resort       Bavaro Beach at the hotel  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wesa185
<Content>Don't sweat all the small stuff it was fine!!! I just came back.I was so nervous about all the not so good reveiws.Everything was fine! The food is not Us food but your in a another country.The papaya on beach is a must.My boyfiend gave the front desk 20 dollars and we got a beautiful suite in the new building{6000}I learned the first moring you must be down at the beach by 8am for a seat under shade!!I must say the nite was boring!!!Very corny and shut down by 11pm.So the nite life wasn't good forget the disco all kids.People were friendly the place is very clean.I loved the half day tour was greatThe beach they take you is too die for!!! I wouldn't probaly won't go back to this resort becaus of the nit e life.But if you are after sun and beach that's the place to go!!!Please tip the people!!!Oh I loved the Mexican rest and the streak rest on the beach was romantic.Have fun it's your vacation!!!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>1	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>picruiser
<Content>Wonderful Vacation       Pool Area  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SunLuvrs
<Content>Hotel is very good, Food so-so The Iberostar Punta Cana and Dominica are essentially the same resort. The grounds and buildings were immaculate. There are flamingos and peacocks walking around freely. The buildings are very long so the walk to the pools or beach or back to the main lobby is a bit long but not bad. The staff was very friendly. The drinks were generally okay and the wait at the bars was short. They do have some name brand liquors and will accommodate most requests. The beach is clean with sugar-like sand. The water is wonderful. Toples sunbathing is allowed all along the beaches. We were with a group of about 14. We mostly agreed the food service wasn't very good and was our biggest complaint. There were no 'theme' nights. What you see on day one is what you'll see all week. One bright spot was the grilled chicken along the beach restaurant areas. We ate at a few specialty restaurants at night. The seafood restaurant food wasn't too good. The Oriental food was pretty good. Everyone in the group seemed pleased there. On our last night we ate at the steakhouse by the beach. We thought that was the best of the three by far. At all three the service was attentive and friendly. We often tipped a dollar or two an more at the specialty restaurants. Tips are not required of course but greatly appreciated.We took the Outback Safari Excursion. We did this 4 years ago and really enjoyed it. This time it was a little different and was very commercial. It seemed they were trying to sell us something at each stop. If you go, take extra cash. They do stop at a one room school house where if you bring some school supplies they gladly accept. Several of us brought school supplies. We had the driver stop at a second school so we didn't give everything to one school. My wife And I went scuba diving at Catalina Island. It is an all day excursion (7-7PM). We would not recommend going there only because of the travel time. There is a 1 3/4 hour drive one way over mostly rough roads. Then about a 25 minute boat ride over seas that may not be calm to get to the island. It may be a good palce to snorkel but hardly worth all the travel from Punta Cana. Of our 2 dives, one was down to 100 ft. with about 50' visability. The other dive was along a white sandy bottom at 45 ft. and was very good. The water clear and bright and the aquatic life was pretty good. On our boat return trip from the island we stopped at Altos de Chavon. A village that looked like an old Tuscan town but was built around 1980. We didn't stay long but it was fun to visit. Check it on Google if you want to read more about it. Don't forget your $10 per person cash that is collected at the airport. What a rip. Too bad the US doesn't get that each time somebody lands here. Have fun.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Zifful
<Content>A Good Time In Punta Cana       Sandi with a new friend  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>ShadRap
<Content>Great Week       Resident Flamingos  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Eagle1236
<Content>Excellent Resort Four of us in our late 50'sand early 60's just returned from the Iberostar Punta Cana. We all had an excellent time. We all have had extensive worldwide travel experience and experience with all-inclusives and cruise ships. I'd say this was one excellent vacation.Excellent aspects: room, cleaning staff, excellent A/C, mini-bar, in room coffee, food quality and variety, super friendly and efficient bar and resturant staff, excellent planned activities (one of us loved all the dance lessons and aerobics), great grounds, Good off shore snorkeling (3 of us are serious snorkelers), long sugar sand beach (can walk 10's of miles!), great pools, nice after dinner lobby piano bar/dance band, good reception service, good airport transfers.The evening shows were very good 2 of our 7 nights. The others were not as good as other 5 star resorts we have been to.The special resturants were all fine. The Oriental food, service, and decor was exceptional. The Mexican and steak were fine, but not as special.One very excellent aspect was how quiet this place was. The rooms, pool, and beach were all restful. The beach is protected by a reef close to a mile offshore. However, there were still 1 to 2 foot waves on shore. Snorkeling the inshore reefs is quite good with sizable schools of fish. However, the waves, tides, and rip currents require some swiming strength for enjoyment.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>rwy246
<Content>OUTSTANDING! Just returned from D.R. and stayed at the Iberostar Punta Cana. (Feb. 2 thru Feb. 9)The resort was outstanding. The staff was friendly and actually enjoyed their job. They went out of their way to make sure eveything was perfect. The grounds were being cleaned continually, day and night. The food was great. We have stayed at other all inclusives and the food usally gets boring and reputiuous. The food at the Iberostar was great. The drinks were great and they always made sure you had one in front of you. Although its not nessary, we did tip the staff. We just made sure we took a lot of $one with us. We golfed two nice golf courses and the only thing bad about those was the price of the beer on one of the courses was $30.00 a six pack! Guess that means you just have wait till you get back to the resort!The sand on the beach was the finest that we have ever seen. I was like talcum powder. The only thing I did not care for was the beach was some what crowded. But thats just me. I don't like a lot of people up close. The water was blue and a little rough but we could swim some and there was some snorkling just off resort. Not great snorkling. In short I am very impressed with Iberostar Resorts if they are all like this one. NEXT STOP SAILING THE BRITSH VIRGIN ISLANDS!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PATRAVELER54
<Content>Nice Getaway Pennsylvania, 1/31-2/3: My daughters and I went for a quick getaway to escape the cold. The resort was beautiful, the grounds are well taken care of. The staff was friendly and we found them to be very accomodating when we requested anything, the desk staff included. We upgraded to a jr suite (for a tip to the desk staff) and the room was very clean when we arrived, however it did smell musty. It might have been the air conditioning - not sure - but the smell lingered in my clothes even after we truned the air off and left the breeze cool the room. The maid was great - tip her the first day and she will keep your mini bar stocked and the room very clean. We left notes each day as to what items we wanted and they were always there when we returned from the beach. The entertainers  bartenders are alot of fun and certainly are friendly enough. The food was just average but certainly plenty to select from. The steak restaurant was definitely the best meal, don't miss that. All in all we had a great time and would go back again!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bout_23
<Content>Amazing stress free vacation! This was my first trip to the Carribean. I will absolutely go back! The Iberostar Punta Cana is amazing. The setting is beautiful and the staff are very friendly and helpful. My biggest question before arriving was- what is the difference between the three Iberostar resorts in Punta Cana? Well, from my experience, the Punta Cana and the Dominicana are the same except the Dominicana has more rooms and more noise. I was very content with the location of our room and the noise level at night when the shows were going on. We never went to the Bavaro- the third resort so I can't give any information about it. Our room was spacious with a balcony overlooking tall Palm (coconut?) trees. Our flight was delayed in arriving and so we showed up at the hotel at 3am. The staff rushed the bus load of travelers through check-in and they were smiling the entire time. The grounds are maintained nicely and there are flamingos and even a very large chicken roaming around. I especially loved the turtle pond in the lobby. We went through Apple vacations and so all our transportation to/from the airport was taken care of. Also, there was an Apple representative at the hotel so me and my husband could ask questions about tours and what to expect. I really appreciated this. The staff were so pleasant. Most of them couldn't speak english fluently but they could speak bits of many languages so it wasn't hard to communicate or find someone to communicate to. I loved the open air structure of the hotel. The lobby and the buffet restaurants are all open. The few times that we encountered air conditioning were okay but I much rather preferred the open air. Our room had great air conditioning which we did use to take the dampness out of the air. Otherwise all our money and books would have been slightly mushy. We did two excursions: the outback safari and snorkeling. Both were great and gave a good experience outside of the resort. I was glad that we only went on 2 excursions because I loved just hanging out on the beach all day. I thought I would get bored but it was so beautiful and relaxing that I definitely could have spent more time there.Just know that both myself and my husband were very satisfied with this hotel and we have been telling everyone to go!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cheryl Hrap
<Content>Restful Vacation       Boats on the Beach  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>WorldTravelers1205
<Content>Great Wedding Location       Beach Walk  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>beachrights
<Content>Iberostar Punta Cana- Exceeded all expectations!       even the ashtrays are beautiful!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lilirish
<Content>Best bang for the buck We went to the IB at Punta Cana for a week beginning January 9th through the 16th,. We had a fabulous time. Our room was fine but not what you would expect from a 5 star room. No hair conditioner is provided and if you swim in the ocean, this is a must. As Americans, we needed to buy a converter for the electricity and this was news to us. We did not expect to have to do this. Our room was clean, and accommodating. That's it. No complaints about the room no big gushing compliments on it. In the US, it would be a standard Holiday Inn accommodation. The food at the Iberostar Punta Cana is great. We found that the fancy restaurants were really not worth the trouble. In the Gourmet restaurant, the portion sizes were laughably miniature! Their dinner rolls are smaller than doughnut holes!! Lots of cute squiggles on the plate; not so much in the way of actual edible food. The lobster was a disappointment. It is cut longways down the lobster -starts between the eyes and ends cutting the tail in half. The morsel you find in the tail is about one tablespoonful and has the consistency of a pencil eraser. I tried to chew it but it truly was inedible. Many lobster lovers were sorely disappointed. The portion sizes in the Gormet restaurant were so small that we ate at the buffet afterward. Gotta say that the buffet was excellent for all meals. Only complaint was that the menu does not change. It didn't matter to me because there was so much of it that you could eat there for a week and still not taste it all. The staff was very friendly. This is one place where English is not the default language. It would do you well to learn the basics of Spanish. The staff is very friendly and makes every effort to serve your every need. As for the entertainment - not so good. Certainly not a 5 star presentation. We loved the local talent, but there was much too much of audience participation - usually a woman who is encouraged to put up with men who are staff members or the same dirty old men from the audience who always volunteer to girate in constant humping motions while their feet are perched on the arms of a plastic lawn chair facing the poor woman audience volunteer who is seated in it. This all gets old and becomes tasteless after ten minutes. It is the theme of the beach parties and the nightly entertainment. Yuck! Old men who moon the audience! They wear speedos by day and expose themselves by night. EEEEEW! We left!Gotta say that we absolutely loved every moment we spent there. The beach is lots of fun - big waves to roll around in. Weather is perfect. I still have a tan. Beautiful tourquoise water. They have a policy that you can not save a lounge chair with a towel. That is nice! On two days they had a beach bar-b-que that featured shrimp the size of dinner plates! It was piella - (pie-A-ya) that was to die for good, prepared on the beach. We got in line and believe me the line grew. It was a rice dish that had seafood and HUGE, HUGE , HUGE shrimp included.Drinks were good, but there is no service on the beach. You get your own. Quality of the food and drinks is excellent. I learned to do the Merengue dance at the lessons and really enjoyed it. The grounds are gorgeous - saw live flamingos walking around and the palm trees and hedges were perfectly maintained. It is WARM, CLEAN, RELAXING, STUNNINGLY BEAUTIFUL!!!!! We felt that we definitely got our money's worth! Loved it. To be fair, this is a very good four star hotel. It is not quite up to 5 star standards because the food at the fancy restaurants is not all that great and you are limited to three reservations at them if you stay for a week. The toilets near the beach were pretty nasty. They overflowed every day and they were overwhelmed by 4:00 pm - no longer flushed. Floors were full of overflowed toilet water. Not too hygienic. You can't drink the water there, but they provide plenty of bottled water. The entertainment waws mediocre at best. This is a good place by third world all inclusive standards, but it is not a five star place.If you come here, bring a converter for the electricity, some hair conditioner and plan to enjoy big waves on a perfect beach in clear, beautiful ocean. If you get bored, you can always sit outside and listen to the jungle birds serenade you. Don't miss the beach bar-b-ques!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>CopperMilwaukee_WI
<Content>Beautiful hotel...beautiful beach!       All of us in the hotel lobby area  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>beachbunny31
<Content>Beautiful Beach, Sorry Help Punta Cana, D. R. Iberostar Punta CanaDate January 14, 2008Rewiewer: Cathy from Chicago, IL.My Husband and i just came back from our trip @ Punta Cana for a week. When we arrived our room was not ready no big deal, we went and ate until they could get us in. The food right off the bat was horrible. Once in our room about a hour later, we noticed the safe was not working correctly. We called down to the front dest and asked for help. It took 4 other calls with in an 1 to finally get someone up to help us with it. Later that week we came back form our dinner and found that our entir bathroom was under water. The ceiling had been dripping for quite sometime and water was everywhere. It took my husband and i waking back up to the lobby and talk with the manager to finally to get someone to come and fix the water issue. We had found out later it was the air conditioner that was located above the bathrooms. Needless to say all our towels had to be use by the help to clean up the mess and they did NOT give us any fresh ones until the next day. By now we are still starving becasue of lack the food, thank God by mid week they started to serve somekind of hot dog that we lived on until we left. One of the restaurants we went to was very dirty once we started looking around the lights where down low i suppose so you could not see anything. The lady came over and asked us what we wanted to drink, once she noticed the table was uneven she proceded to wad up a napkin and place it under one of the legs of the table to make it level. NICE!! We also had sometime with the help especially the front dest- those people are RUDE in that country. Other than the rude help and the problems the beach was really nice. I would never go back here again. Also @ the airport we had some conversation with some of the people that acturally stayed @ our resort and the one next to ours they all had the some problems witht he water, safe and help being rude. the other couple in the next resort thought their food was bad and csme over to ours to eat. I thought that was funny.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DelawareNative63
<Content>Fabulous vacation We stayed at the Iberostar Punta Cana Jan 14-21 and absolutely loved it. the food was plentiful and good, the rooms were more than spacious, the staff was very friendly and eager to please, and of course the beach was beautiful. A big thank you to everyone there who made our stay memorable. I would highly recommend this resort. The snorkeling was not as good as we are used to in Mexico but we knew this when we booked. But there are plenty of excursions to get your snorkeling fix, and we took advantage of those.Also thanks to the Punta Cana forums for all of the advice we got prior to our stay--you guys are a big help to first-time Punta Cana travellers!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>the_bruja_is_back
<Content>paradise with restrictions I went through apple and booked this 5 golden apple hotel, which I think is deceptive. It is even a 5 star hotel. this is all deception, it is no better than a 3 star hotel in my book. its reasonably clean and i did not contract any disease. that was good. there were other risks to your health at this resort. The pathways leading between buildings and to the pool are all slippery when wet. Imagein your ein the caribbean, you got the ocena, the pool, and it rains sometimes. and it turns out.. the path is alwyas wet!! i saw some people take a tumble on the wet floors. they have signs all over the place syaing its slippery, but I opine that a 5 star hotel shoudl not put up signs of warning, but should fix this problem! if youre fond of tip toeing carefully around, then this is hte place for you. Also if you like to eat meals at very narrow meal times, then you'll love iberostar. They say the lunch buffet opens 12 30. guess what... 1 pm and theres still no food out!!!! cant get a meal anytime before 1 15. and its open till 3: 30 they say, again not true. they start takign the food away before 3. so if you like only an hour and 15 minute range of time to eat lunch, then you'll love iberostar. there is no meal service between 10 am and 7 30 am. the disco is a tiny little box of overly loud music and strobe lights. the hotel room is impovershed, the tv is smallish. my shower leaked. no matter how hard i tried, i coudl not avoid a giant puddle on the floor everyday. nothign coudl be done. and did i mention the floors inside are also slippery when wet? came very close to falling in my own hotel room. if you are curious about htis hotel, also check out reviews of iberostar dominicana, which is the same exact reosrt at the punta cana, because they share al restaurants bars and entertainment. this is an OK place and i had a good time. but for my next time i will not be returning to iberostar.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>sulaOhio
<Content>Beautiful Punta Cana We chose the Iberostar Punta Cana because we loved the one in Puerta Plata. The hotel was very good. Not up to the quality of Puerta Plata, but the beach is so much more beautiful that it was still a wonderful experience. Plenty of smokers around if you are sensitive to that, and a group from Portugal came for quite a long stay and monopolized the music quite a bit.The staff is friendly. It seems the lower ranking employees are the nicest. Maybe something to do with tipping. The reception desk was compliant but we felt a bit of an attitude from them. Plenty of activities which I highly recommend. The animacion team is very spirited.We are not meat eaters and were still able to find plenty of delicious food. Dress is a bit more casual than Puerta Plata, sometimes they don't enforce the dress code. But I would chose this hotel again any day.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>awicker
<Content>a relaxing break just returned from a two week break at the punta cana (27 dec to 10 jan). This was my third stay at an Iberostar resort having stayed at cozunel for the last two years. The good thing with iberostar resorts is that you know what to expect. The punta cana did not dissapoint!!!!We where allocated a room on the third floor of block 6 which is the new block by the bar and resturant. The room was clean and roomy with a well stocked minibar!!!The buffet resturant offered a good choice of well cooked food with a varied choice. Never went hungry!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The hotel grounds are impeccable and are a credit to the groundsmen. I found the beach clean but very busy. Always managed to get a lounger though!The sea is very choppy with big waves which might not suit everyone but i found it fun! You can actually feed the fish with a bread roll from the buffet. they appear from nowhere!!!!The ib punta cana is twinned with the ib dominicana so you get yo use the facilities of both. I found the punta cana was better as it was quieter with low key entertainment ( piano player, karioke, live music)The only thing i could fault is that i found some of the staff where a little impersonnal. Not a major problem i know but if youve been to ib cozumel you will know what i mean!!!SUMMARY.A very relaxing holiday in a very good hotel. What more could you ask for.P.S. If you have stayed at an Iberostar hotel before dont forger to mention it when booking. THEY SPOIL YOU!!!!!!!!!!P.P.S.Travel with first choice premier star class. Cannot beat them for a charter airline.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>ValkyrieBoy
<Content>Got a little dissapointed :0( We (my wife, my 7 y.o. son and me) stayed in Iberostar Punta Cana in the middle of December. It was our fourth (4!) trip there 鈥?we kind of like the place :0)But鈥?Every time we go there it seemed like it was a little worse that the last time 鈥?not super bad, but still. I do not know why 鈥?weak dollar, cutting cost by the hotel etc. This time around it was much worse though 鈥?everything was below standards that we had been accustomed to in previous visits. Much less food selection, less entertainment, especially for the kids (last year they had three (3) kid shows, this year only one) and most of all, the hotel stuff was much less friendlier 鈥?they seem to be very annoyed with guests, less smiles, openly discussing non-Spanish speaking guests among each other.May be the reason for lack of friendliness and entertainment and food shortage was the tragic storm in DR earlier in November (it is hard to stay upbeat when the whole country struggles to recover from the storm), but as much as sympathetic I am to DR people, I did not pay any less for storm affected vacation.Do not get me wrong, Iberostar Punta Cana is still great place to visit for the value, and if I was there my first time this year, I鈥檇 probably be writing 鈥淲OW, WHAT A GREAT PLACE!鈥?now instead, but having been there four times I can compare then and now and it was worse. I鈥檇 still give it one more chance and probably go there again just to see if the decline continues.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	2	1	

<Author>Shtirlits
<Content>Descent hotel, beach is not good for kids Some of our observations:- Beach is wavy. Combined with the fact that it gets deep very quickly, it doesn't leave too much room for kids to play in the water. In the shallow area, the water is not clean due to waves.- We were pleasantly surprised with lobsters at lunch on several occasions. - Lobsters in seafood restaurant at dinner were delicious. The service was awful though.- Loved the fact that I could play volleyball almost throughout the day and not only at set times.- No clock in the rooms.- Water leaking from the ceiling in the bathroom.- Beautiful, well kept grounds.- No free first aid available.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>KATARZYNA13
<Content>Avoid Henna Tattoo       Henna Tattoo after two weeks  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>kellyonthego905
<Content>Nice Family Vacation We stayed at the Iberostar Punta Cana from 12/26/07-1/2/08 and had a nice vacation there.The grounds there are beautiful and the hotel does a great job of maintaining them. There are flamingos, peacocks, and a rooster that freely roam the grounds, but they mostly stay around the main lobby/buffet area where there are fountains. Egrets are frequent visitors as well. The beach is also very nice. It was very crowded - we were there during the busiest week of the year -- so everyone ignored the rule the hotel has about not reserving a beach cabana by putting towels and other items down before you plan to actually sit there. Not sure if that's necessary normally, because they share a beach w/Iberostar Dominicana, and between the two places, there are tons of beach lounges. They will automatically give you only one beach/pool towel per person but if you has for extra they will give it to you. They have a system where you use cards to get towels and you must return them at the end of the day to get your card(s) for the next day. You can trade wet towels for dry once per day, but I don't know how they would keep track of that so you could probably trade as often as needed. They say they will charge $10 for a lost card, but they didn't count them when we checked out, and we lost one.The pool area was nice, but overrun by families with small children so we didn't hang out there much. We have two teenagers and we all preferred the beach.The watersports, like sailing, windsurfing and parasailing are conveniently located at the small shack on the beach. Because they were booked to capacity, you had to book these a day in advance. The StarFriends (activity leaders) came onto the beach to recruit for activities like beach volleyball, water polo, bingo, etc. Also, they recruited for a snorkel trip, which we took, to the Bavaro Shallows, for $39 US per person. It was a nice little trip, just a couple of hours. My husband and kids went scuba diving and enjoyed it, but the water can be rough, so there are limited dive sites. They only went once becasue of they didn't want to go to the same location twice.The rooms are adequate. There are no clocks in the room, which is a pain since we had to have reservations for dinner (specialty restaurants only) and some of the water sports. Even with an adaptor, my hair dryer didn't work because it's got one of those bulky safety plugs. The room hair dryer is like something from the 70's. I was happy to see the iron was brand new and unused, but found out this was because it has safety plug and doesn't fit into the outlets nor the adaptor. At least I had an excuse not to iron on vacation! Our bathroom was a little dingy. There were rust stains the in the shower and it looked like it just needed to be replaced.Housekeeping does a decent job, and they replaced the mini-bart (which is soda, beer and water only) on an almost daily basis, contrary to the signs that say it will be every other day. Bottled water is for drinking and brushing teeth. Never put tap water in your mouth in Punta Cana. My husband became very ill with a stomach virus or food poisoning or something like it. The doctor basically refused to come to the room to give him nausea medication. He is a physician himself, and knew it would help, but she didn't seem to care about his opinion. He feeling too weak to walk, but this didn't seem to concern the doctor either. We were very disappointed by this treatment. He was forced to tough it out because they wouldn't let me come and get medicine for him without the doctor seeing him. He was nauseous for the last 3 days of the vacation.The staff was not so friendly. Most don't even bother to smile. This goes for restaurants, the supermercado, the towel hut, most places. I'd say about 20% of the staff were friendly or cordial. Most seemed dour and annoyed at providing service. Our vacation company gives this resort an equivalent of a gold star for service, but I completely disagree. The service is sometimes efficient, sometimes not, but overall, mostly unfriendly. The bartenders were the friendliest to us.The food was OK. Not fabulous, not awful. Our best meal was at the Pagoda, the oriental restaurant. The buffet does vary a little, and they did a nice job on New Years Eve at the buffet. We liked lunch better at the Dominicana beach restaurant. Better variety.The beach pirates, located about a 7 minute walk from the resort, are very high pressure sales people. Be ready to wheel and deal and don't be afraid to say no. Somethings are in the supermercado for a lot less than the beach pirates try to sell for.Overall, the vacation was a nice family trip, but for the money we paid, we've had better food, service and accommodations. I'd recommend the Iberostar Bavaro over this, based on conversations I had with some of the guests there.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>wallyj
<Content>Wonderful Vacation Location We just returned from Iberostar Punta Cana, and it was a wonderful vacation. This was our second time to visit this location and all the reviews that said the food did not change are so very wrong. Every day my wife and I had something different at the buffet. Our room was great and for $20 extra at arrival we were upgraded to a ocean view room. Our 3 specialty dinners were also excellent. We did Mexican, Chinese, and the Steak ones and the service and food was great. Our room was perfect, the beach and pool were great. We also enjoyed the shows at night. The dancing was so very good. I don't know what other people expect from an all inclusive resort. Most of all the staff was all friendly and efficient. They had a Christmas Gala buffet that could not be out done, with lobster and so many other choices made to perfection. Trust us, we would not go back to a location if it were sub par. We intend to return again in the near future.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Goranmel
<Content>excellent vacation week!! Just came back from Punta Cana, and it was great. There were 3 couples including us, each with 2 kids all under 4 years old. For me a vacation is all about the weather, the beach, and the pool. Living in Canada, these are things that are not easily accessible for a whole week that match the Dominican quality. The beach was amazing, beautiful sand and the water is turquoise. The waves were a little rough at times. If you grab a spot in the morning around 8:00, you can get anywhere you want. Throw some towels down under a hut, and you're good to go for the whole day. We grabbed a spot on the beach and a spot by the pool, so we can go to either location whenever we want. The kids liked swimming in the pool and liked playing in the sand, and the walk is very close between the two. There is a beach bar in between our walk very close by. The food is good. Food is food. There is alot of choices to pick from each day and it all tastes fine. If you didn't like the way something tastes, eat something else. Food at this place was fine and if it influences your vacation fun, take a cruise and enjoy the pool on the boat!!.We went through Apple Vacations and Pedra is the representative at the hotel. Very smart and kind lady. She handled a situation with a snooty ignornant Russian lady who didn't want to be on the free bus ride back to the airport 2 hours before the flight. She thought it was too early before her international flight. Take a taxi then lady!!The room is fine and the staff were friendly always to the us and the kids. If your idea of a vacation is sun and fun with kids, this is the place for you. Our group really had no major complaints about our vacation and would definately recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>BillsFanVA
<Content>Loved the Iberostar PC, but .. Just returned from a 6 night stay (12/14-12/20) stay. We booked our tour through Apple Tours. This was very painless and everything they sent us was in order. I would easily use them again. Our Apple contact at the Iberostar was a woman named Petra. What an incredibly interesting and helpful young lady! Kudos to her for being such a huge help with things..Punta Cana airport -- as others have mentioned, when you get there, you need to watch out for the over-exuberant baggage handlers (which we turned away), as well as the folks who take your arrival picture. If you want that stuff, ok, but even if you don't, you still have to run the gauntlet to get to your tour operator (and to your ride to your destination). Forewarned is foretold.Iberostar check in -- was simple and the staff were very friendly. (I had a bit of a problem getting a key to the safe in our room, and once it was delivered, I never was able to get it to activate the safe. I was never really worried about theft though...) During check-in, someone brought us all a glass of cold fruit juice. Very nice and refreshing. We were whisked to our room in a courtesy golf cart.Room--we registered at the Iberostar Punta Cana, but somehow our rooms (we had two) were on the Iberostar Dominica side. I think the Punta Cana side is supposed to be a bit more expensive than the Dominica side, so this initially annoyed me, but in the end, I didn't care because our rooms were actually very very close to the ocean. In fact, we were one row back. We even had two somewhat limited vistas of the ocean from our room. Nice. We were a very easy walk to the beach, pool, the outdoor buffet, the beach bar, etc. As far as the rooms themselves, both were very nice in decor. The room our sons were in had no issues at all, but our room had several minor issues. First off, the AC unit made a noise as if a bearing were going in the blower motor at high speed. We told the front desk about it right away; they came out and fixed it, but minutes later, the noise returned. Oddly, several days later, the problem went away completely. At lower fan speeds it wasn't a problem Note, there is no temperature control for the AC. You simply adjust the fan speed. This was not a problem since the room was nicely air conditioned at whatever setting they had it at. Another issue we had was that the ceiling fan made a noise as if it were ready to drop out of the ceiling. That problem was remedied by turning the fan off at night. Again, not really a problem, just a minor annoyance. And our room definitely had a musty smell when you walked into it but once you were in the room for a bit, you didn't notice it. Rather odd, but not a major problem. So all in all, the room was ok, just nothing to rave about.Outside work -- this was a huge problem during our stay. The first morning we were there, they decided to cut down a big palm tree across the way from us, and another smaller tree right in front of our window. This work started at, oh, 7:30 in the morning!! So much for sleeping in. And then one day, the staff decided to rip up part of the sidewalk in front of our complex and along the main walk to the beach. They started this at 7:30AM. It was loud. They worked on this all day, and well into the night. They then poured the new concrete and then proceeded to use a form and a mallet to stamp in a design in the concrete. This process was loud and staccato. We couldn't sleep. At all. This was going on from 9PM til well past 2AM!!!!! We called to complain, but got no where. Whoever ordered this work to be done at the expense of guests' sleep ought to be fired. And then they did it again the next day on a different patch of sidewalk! Unbelievable. This didn't bother us quite as much on the second day, but still was really rude. Beware! Also, I was annoyed at having to contend with staff service vehicles and scooters on the walkways. Seemed like we were constantly dodging them.Food -- I agree with most of the other food comments already made. My favorite was, by far, the beach barbeque. Delicious chicken and steak. The other buffets were certainly fine as well. I was less enamored with the sit-down places, and the lobster place in particular. Yeck, rubber lobster (although one of my sons thought it was great鈥?). I thought the food at the Rock Caf茅 was nearly laughable (try the buffalo wings -- har har). The buffets do get boring after a while - hard as that is to imagine!Check-out and our ride back to the airport went without a hitch. Even though there were a few issues with our stay, we found the place to be beautiful and the staff incredibly friendly and helpful (except the construction crew). I can easily recommend this resort.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mtl_joey
<Content>Wonderful! We just got back from a 8day/7 night trip. This was our first time in the South. Iberostar Punta Cana is a beautiful resort. I would go back in a heartbeat.Airport: It's a hut! Your picture is taken when you enter the aiport and the picture is for purchase ($8) on the day that you leave. Be very careful that people don't grab your luggage, because you'll have to end up paying them for it. We traveled with Signature Vacations. Room: We should have tipped the front desk to get into building 6 (closer to the lobby and buffet), which is the newer rooms. They look absolutely beautiful from the outside. Our room was in Building 5 (closer to the pool and beach), which was fine. We had a big bottle of water to use to brush our teeth and a few bottle in the fridge to drink. It's really worth tipping the maid for more water. The room is really clean. There was no problem with a musky smell. We didn't have problems with bugs at all...there were a few mosquitoes in our room the first few days, but after killing them we didn't see any more. Our AC was making weird noises, but when we told our rep, it was fixed right away. And it worked perfectly. Cleaning Maid: On some days she took a little longer to clean our rooms (2pm or even 5:30pm one time), but she's usually pretty good about it. Do tip the maid. She'll give you more water (She gave us a whole case of 24) and even fold you a nice towel swan.Pool/Beach: We only went to the pool one time. It was clean, but we preferred the beach. The pool and beach were both pretty crowded, but we normally had no problems finding a lounging chair. The beach was great. The waters were a bit rough, but felt amazing. Tropical Strom Olga ruined our fun for one day though. It was pretty windy, which made sunbathing better for me. You feel the hot sun, but the wind made it cool. The only downside with the wind was when it blew sand in our face. We also got to take pictures with parrots and a monkey on the beach. Pictures can be purchased in the lobby for $8.Activities: There's always some kind of activity going on with the Star Friends. Where do these people find all their energy? We really wanted to relax, so we didn't join most of their beach activities. I'd recommend the night shows on the Dominicana theater. Go early for good seats. The shows for adults starts at 9:30pm. If the Michael Jackson show is on the week you're there, you HAVE to see it. It's very good. Other vacationers: I noticed a lot of families with small children and older couples at this resort. So if you're looking for a young and hip party resort, you should try somewhere else. There are quite a few women who go topless at the beach. Be prepared for that. There are also quite a lot of smokers. Shopping: There's the Supermercado (resort gift shop), the Carribean street, and the beach pirates (colorful huts 10-15 minute walk past the resort on the beach). We bought most of our stuff near the end of the trip. You have to shop around for prices. Bring a calculator. Most prices are in Dominican Pesos (approx. 32DOP = 1USD). If you're good at negotiating prices, do go to the beach pirates. If they ask for $10, try not to pay more than half or what he asks for. If he doesn't accept your highest offer, thank them and leave...they will call you back and give it to you for the last offer you made, no matter what! We bought 2 marble turtles for $15. He originally asked for $40. Bring small bills, so they don't have to give you change. Beach Pirates are aggressive. During negotiation, they might start putting the items in a bag and shove it in your hands so you feel obligated to buy it. It's ok to say no...just don't go back to that hut. They're good at recognizing people. The Carribbean street shops are not associated with the resort, you can haggle here too. We didn't go into any of those shops except for Harrisson's (jewelry shop). More on Harrisson's laterSupermercado is probably the only place you can't haggle. But if the ladies who work there like you, they'll give you some items for free. We bought a whole bunch of souvernirs we couldn't find on the beach. She didn't charge my boyfriend 2 items. She didn't charge me for the post cards I bought too. * If you get hurt and need disinfectant, do not buy at the Pharmacy. We had a few scrapes from the coral reef while snorkeling and needed disinfectant. The hotel told us to go to the Pharmacy (strange that the front desk doesn't have a first aid kit)They sell a small bottle for $12USD, we refused to pay that price. We checkt he Supermercado and paid $1 USD for it!Larimar is the Dominican Republic stone. Do not buy from beach pirates. They are fake! Our rep also didn't think the supermercado Larimar was real either. Harrisson's is the place to go. There's a small one inside the Dominicana lobby. I bought mine at the Harrisson's on Carribbean street. You can absolutely haggle the price a little bit. Depending on which company you are with they can give you a discount. We got a 10% discount from Signature Vacation. Also, make sure you ask for the gift with purchase. We got a beach bag. Finally, do pay in cash. You will get more discount if you pay in cash because there's no credit card fee. My pendant was orginally $78. Then $71 with the 10%. And when we said we'd pay cash, it went down to $65. Food: The buffet is decent. But gets old by the end of the trip. The food is slightly different every day, but pretty much the same. There is lots of variety. The mangos are delicious. We tipped the service at the buffet. We normally tipped the waiter or waitress directly because we sometimes see other waiters or waitresses eyeing the tip. Star Rock Cafe: Not that great. No ambiance. Service was slow. And food was just ok. The ribs are alright. A la Carte restaurant: For our 7 days stay, we were allowed 3 A La Cartes. We picked Seafood, Steak house, and Gourmet. Both the Seafood and Steakhouse were near the beach. The seafood place was not the greatest. We ordered the Scallop, but it ended up being beef. Don't expect scallops...The dessert is good. Order the Caramel one, it's creme brulee! Delicious. The steakhouse was good too. They bring you a plate of onion rings and a few riblets as an apetizer, they are delicious! The steak was very good too. The Gourmet place was my favorite. You don't get to pick what you want to eat, whatever is on the menu is what you get. Buffets by the beach: The buffets by the beach are not as big as the ones near the lobby, but probably yummier. Most of the stuffed is grilled there. At 1pm, there's a big barbecue grill on the Dominicana side of the beach. Worth trying!The ice cream at the ice cream shop is not good, if ice cream is what you crave, go to the ice cream machine at the La Cana buffet. You can make your own soft ice cream cone. It's very popular.Bars/Drinks: I'm not an alcohol drinker, so I didn't take anything. All the non alcoholic drinks are really good! Their Pina Colada is awesome. They make pretty decent Vanilla milkshakes too. o easy on the coconut drinks. Coconut is a natural laxative. I learned the hard way.Excursions: We were only able to go on the snorkeling excursion (with Carribbean Festival), the safari Outback was canceled. I'd recomment you buy your own snorkelling gear and practice at the beach before the excursion. They don't really show you how to do it. Please be careful with the Coral Reef. The guides did not warn us it was so close to the surface and we ended up with scrapes all over. The Nurse sharks and Sting Rays were awesome. Do bring a waterproof camera. You can also buy it there, but it's $20USD. Also try not to book excursions on days you have restaurant resevations, unless a late reservation (8pm later). We were told we'd be back by 5pm. We didn't get back until 6:45pm. Our reservation was at 7pm and we still had to shower. -Internet is $5 for 30min. -I'd suggets the girls to bring a very moisturizing conditioner. The water there is harsh on your hair...combined with the sea water and chlorine from the pool...I had a bottle of jojoba oil and used it mid-way thru the week. My hair was fine. -bring your own hairdryer.-bring a plug extender, or you can purchase on at the supermercado for $1.All in all, it was a great vacation, despite getting a stomach ache from too much coconut, and not great weather (Tropical Storm Olga, windy, and lots of rain)...I think a vacation is what you make of it. Everyone wants a perfect vacation, just let the little things slide and you'l have a great time.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>throwin
<Content>Excellent place at the right price! After reading the reviews here I was ultra-cautious. Especially about the food and the guests smoking. I can now put those small fears to rest! The food was VERY reasonable for the resort. The past reviews had knocked the same selection of food every day. Well, the selection does change up a little every day in the 2 main buffet restaurants. Plus both buffets do not offer the same exact foods at the same time. I think the problem with the past reviewers is that these people probably sampled a little of every food at the buffet at every sitting. The buffet is absolutely HUGE. It鈥檚 big enoug where you can have a few things at every sitting and NEVER have the same thing twice. I think these people were just sick of eating, period! The selection of foods pretty much catered to all nationalities. The fruits were excellent! I had pineapple with every meal. It was Heaven! The specialty restaurants (Oriental and Seafood) were VERY good! The Oriental was my favorite.As far as the smokers, yes, there were plenty of them! But the resort is very open-aired in all of the gathering places so smoke was not an issue. Our room didn鈥檛 even smell of it which was a big relief! It鈥檚 just weird seeing all of the smokers in public again after so many years here in the states of not. The European crowd definitely still like their smokes!The beach was wonderful. The waves were perfect for a little body surfing. But they were never too large, except of course, for Tropical Storm Olga which blew through for a day. The beach and pools were closed. The staff did a wonderfull job of keeping the guests busy. Luckily I brought a DVD player and caught up on a few movies. The next day they had the grounds all tidied up in no time!One thing you have to beware of about the beach is that you will see plenty of topless sunbathers. You may have an offense to this but remember, this place is very European and they find this to be a the norm. I would definitely go back to this resort in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>kthydiver3
<Content>Wish we could go back! My husband and I just returned from a 7 night/8 day vacation at Iberostar Punta Cana. We booked through Apple Vacations, which we have never done before, and were VERY pleased with all of their services. They were very organized with their transportation services both to and from the airport and they also set up a time for us to hear little helpful tidbits about the resort. It helped get us started off on the right foot.Let me start by saying I am what my husband calls a hotel snob. I read every reveiw about a hotel before I book it. Like many other people I was a bit nervous after reading some of the reviews.For what we paid for this hotel/airfare (around$800 a person) I was VERY pleased with our experiance. We were treated like royalty the whole time. Airport- I thought it was very cute. It was like a big hut and very intersting in a good way. It is all open. I would recommend getting transportation services before your trip because they will hound you for a ride if you dont have one!Check in- Upon arrival I gave the guy $20 for a room upgrade...they gave us a room with an extra bedroom and 2 balconies. The two rooms were not really needed, however made a great extra closet space for us. They greeted us with drinks and our packet of information. Room-The room had marble bathroom, coffee pot, balcony with a little drying rack on it. Most of the rooms in the carribean are not, how shal I put this, my style, but it was just what I was expecting. I was a little sad about not having a ocean view room but quickly got over it. The best thing about the rooms is the maid services. We did like everyone else said and tipped the maid 2-3 dollars per day and she went above and beyond to make sure we had everything we needed...losts of beer and water! I was happy with all of the american channels....my husband was happy to havce an espn channel, a movie channel, tnt, usa...there were quitea few. Grounds-Perfect in every way. People working non stop to make it look perfect.Pool/Beach- The pool was crowded....it is a resort, it is going to be. The beach was crowded but we never had trouble finding a cair to lay in. the water was rough, fun to play in, and the weather was perfect. The breeze made it just right. Activities- I think the Star Friends do a great job. During the day there is always something going on from exercise to dancing to various sports activities. If you want to participate, sit near them, if you dont, stay away from them. They all work so hard to make sure people have a good time. Nightlife-Once again, the Star Friends did great! There were beach parties, karaoke, dancing lessons and music. We had a great time participating. Food-We ate at the American Restraunt. It was good. We ate at the Carribean and Steak house, they were ok. the Oriental was my favorite. As far as the rest of the food is concerned it was just fine. At first I was a little scared to eat certain things because of what people were writing. Our apple rep told us that all food prepared in the kitchen, the drinks, water and ice cubes were fully purified and were ok to eat. I ate fruit every day. I did not get sick but I was careful not to eat anything I was not sure what it was. My husband ate anything adn everything and was fine. I would not say the food is the best I have ever had but it is hard to please so many people from so many different countries and I think they did a great job. I was able to find something to eat at every meal so I was fine. If you are unsure of somthing, dont eat it. Overall, our experiance was great. We did run into a few problems....our coffee pot would not work, the toilet would not flush very well and the remote would not work at first. They fixed them all and we did not let it ruin our vacation. I really think that your vacation is what you make it.Yes, the language barrier can be difficult but WE are in THEIR country. The dominican people work very hard and the staff was always getting us something. I did not see one person ever slacking. They do appreciate tips and even though it was included we still gave a tip for all services. You could tell it was appreciated. Some helpful tips.....Dont buy a phone card, they wont work. It cost us 6 dollars to make two 4 min phone calls. not bad. You can buy an internet card on the dominican side for 5 dollars for 30 minutes and th at is how we commuinicated with our families. Shop around and dont buy at the first thing you see. For example, someone tried to sell me a picure album for 20 dollars. We almost got it but didnt. Good thing because we found one for 10 dollars in the hotel store (I actually thought that they were the lest expensive)tip the maids....it is worth it to have the extra waterthere is no light beer....it is all their own brand. Being a light beer drinker i was a bit bummed, but I drank rum and coke light and gin and tonic (they do have tangarray just ask for it)It is hard to write your whole experiance down on a reveiw. I hope this helps. To much fun to write ever\ything down.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PlayaDelCarmenFreak
<Content>We paid $742 per person       Beach North  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>QQKris
<Content>Decent Hotel for Decent Price       Buffet Restaurant  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>MissouriBeachbummer
<Content>great beach and food, average food and room Just returned from 6 days at Iberostar Punta Cana, loved some things and disliked some things. First off, the airport is interesting. You have to pay the $10 tourist fee, and then when you get over to the part with all the different vacation tour booths the workers just bombard you. They kept asking us for a voucher, which we just showed them the print off of our reservations from the travel agent. The ride from the airport to the resort was wild, they drive fast and will pass other vehicles anywhere at anytime. Plus, our car didn't have seatbelts!Got to the Iberostar and check in was prompt, they give you a little fruity drink upon arrival.Room-was ok, we were in the old building. We got a king size bed in our room but the couple we were travelling with got stuck with two beds that looked smaller than doubles in their room which was right next to ours. I inquired about upgrading to a suite at check-in but the staff blew me off. The beds were ok, bathrooms were fine. Beach and Pools- Great! Beautiful beach, had to get there by 8:30 or 9am to get a good spot though. Pools were very clean and felt good during the hot afternoons. We rented a catamaran a couple of times and enjoyed that.Food- This is where we were very dissapointed. We love seafood and there is none to speak of on the buffets except for some random whitefish and a couple of other items they grill or have out. The variety does not change on the buffet from day to day and we were simply afraid to eat some of the things that are dairy based because the building where the buffets are located are open air and not air conditioned. Also, my husband got a hamburger off the buffet by the beach one day and bit into it and it was completely raw. Alot of the cheeses and desserts looked like they were covered with condensation at all times. I basically lived on breakfast because they had lots of breads and would make you an omelet or some eggs to order. As far as reservations went, we got two and ate at the mexican and the gourment restaurant. The mexican was good, a lot of food, we were so full afterwards. The gourmet restaurant was great, good seafood and dessert. One tip to share, when we initally made our reservation for the gourmet restaurant, 9:30 was the only time available. We went by the restaurant about 6:45 and asked for an earlier time and got in earlier, which was nice. The other place we ate at for dinner was the rock cafe, it was good because it was a sit down restaurant and did not require a reservation. The rock cafe also played some good music at times. Drinks-Presidente' beer, rum and coke and mai-tai's were our drinks of choice.Spa-paid $100 dollars and had a swedish massage and classic facial. Both were an hour long and were very good. The spa is very nice.If you are prone to mosquito bites, take bug spray! Overall, the food was the worst part of the trip. The language barrier was a little difficult but we got used to it. Kind of have mixed feelings on whether we will travel here again.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>locorocoworld
<Content>Great but could have been better       the beach  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>brady2moss
<Content>Good. Not Great My girlfriend and I (ages 26  24) just got back from a week at the Iberostar Punta Cana. Overall, I had a good experience with a few hiccups but nothing major. We booked through TNT, had a charter flight and they took care of all connections. We were greeted at the airport by Francis of TNT/Coco Tours and he was great. The bus ride to the resort was not a problem, probably took about 30 minutes. We arrived at the resort at 12 but our room wasn't ready until 3. We were given a better room location (balcony near the pool) for having the wait so long. Rooms were very clean, AC was strong, fridge was filled every day and the maids left flowers and towel animals all week. I tipped the maids $2 every day. We booked an excursion called Caribbean Festival. The bus picked us up at the resort right when they said they would. The excursion cost $78 each and it was worth it. We went snorkeling on a reef and than swam with nurse sharks and sting rays. The gave us mamajuana and food. Best day of the trip. The weather wasn't the greatest but we made do just fine.The food: I didn't really care for it. The buffet got old real quick. I got sick a couple of times. Same thing with my girlfriend. We had dinner at the gourmet restaurant (La Sibilia) the last night which was great. The other restaurants that we went to were the steakhouse (La Cana) and the Mexican restaurant. Nothing special at either. I didn't really like that we only got 3 reservations when they have 6 or 7 restaurants. Also try to book your dinner reservations 2 to 4 days in advance if you want your 1st choices. IWe lost power in the hotel one afternoon when it was raining for over an hour.Nightlife: Nothing to speak of. We didn't go the disco and the shows were lame. We spent a lot of time in the casino.The beach was great. Decent sized waves that crash a little too close to shore if you like to body surf like I do. The water is really clear  clean. This was our first all inclusive vacation and would I go back to the Dominican Republic? Sure. Would I stay at the Iberostar? Probably not.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>runner59
<Content>A Hidden Treasure! My husband and I and another couple with whom we've traveled with on many occasions, just returned from the Iberostar! What a hidden treasure! We were greeted by Raphael who offered us a cool drink a t the lobby bar. He was as happy to see us as we were to see him! We were then driven to our rooms by lobby personnel. What fun - he filled us in on the happenings of the resort and made us feel instantly at home. When we opened the door to our room, what a sight - the rooms are immaculate - large with a step down into the living area. There were flowers to greet us along with the magnificent view. We instantly wanted to check out the resort so we donned our swim suits and started walking. The pool was huge. The swim up bar was busy and very inviting.We continued on our walk and came upon the jewel of the resort - the Tiki Bar!!!! This is a place every gues needs to visit. Leonardo and Ingris are precious!!! They will keep you laughing. Ingris makes the best chips (french fries) you will ever have. Leonardo knows more about sports than Terry Bradshaw!!! Needless to say, we spent the majority of our time with them.The food was also a pleasant experience! The breakfast buffet was excellent. However,the dinner buffett left a little to be desired but the speciality restaurants were EXCELLENT!This is a fun, exciting place. We will definitely be back since we've adopted Leonardo and Ingris!!!! Miss you guys and we'll be seeing you soon!!!!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>robinandrewsmith
<Content>Building work We stayed at the Iberostar Punta Cana between 16.10.07 and 29.10.07. We holidayed there last year and had a fantastic vacation. This year was not as good. There was constant bulding work and associated noise during the day and one of the main pools was closed for an entire week of our stay which meant the other pool was twice as busy and getting a sunbed was a bit of a nightmare. The toxic smell of paint was totally overpowering.The staff were excellent and the restaurants were good, but not as good as I experienced last summer in high season - certain parts were closed.Overall I was disappointed with my second stay at the Iberostar and will not be going again.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>2	1	4	4	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>CoolPaPa
<Content>IB Punta Cana is GREAT! First let me start by stating that we have traveled to the Caribbean numerous times and always stayed AI resort. IB Punta Cana is a great resort with few issues. Our room was in the 600 building. Very clean, no smell, nice balcony, great A/C and ceiling fan. Some people indicated problem with ants in their room but we never saw any in our room. Bathroom was large (Hand held shower would not stay in place which was a little problamatic but not a big issue.) Mini fridge was stocked daily with beer, pop and water. Housekeeper also left a gallon of purified water for brushing teeth. DO NOT DRINK THE TAP WATER! Our maid would place fresh flowers in the bathroom everyday and would make funny little creatures out of towels. Nice touch. Word to the wise - don't count on fresh wash cloths each day. Seem to be in short supply. Towels were changed twice a day. The grounds are nothing short fantastic. Very well groomed. The lawns almost look like a golf course. Had to arise early each a.m. to reserve a place near the pool under a cabina. We were told that this is a no no, but everyone was do it so we followed suit. The beach is really great and so was the water. Did walk down to the vendors a couple of times and found a few great bargins. The hotel shops are very expensive since the owners must pay a high rent each month, so they pass it on to the customers. Food at the buffet was not the best (we have had better) but one will not go hungry. The breakfast was the best wtih eggs to order, ample pastries, fresh fruit and juice and coffee to kill for. We ate at the Frecnh, Steak House and Oriental. All were extremly good. The Steak House is outside on the beach. So your table and chairs are in the sand. This was a different but pleasant experience. Some what romantic. During the lunch hour, the Steak House becomes a snack bar with buffet salads. Hot food consited of fish, chicken, hot dogs, hamburgers, fries, numerous salads and desserts. We spent a lot of time in the P.M. at the Lobby Bar and had a wonderful time. Drinks were very good. We also took insulated mugs for day time use at the pool/beach. The evening entertainment was rather lame and at times hard to understand due to language barrier. Since we are smokers we ate in the smoking sections and had great service from the waiters each day. Actually, we were treated like kings and queens. The staff at the resort are all very friendly and helpful. Will we visit this resort again? Yes - Hopefully in May 2008 if the price is right. We flew out of Chicago on US Air 2000. Note: Two checked bags per person not to exceed 50 pounds total. Arrival and transfer to the resort went very smooth and did our departure. There is a Wendy's at the airport. At the bar we paid $12.00 US for two bottles or Corona beer. Too costly! If you like to snack I would suggest taking some snacks with you since they are very expensive in the gift shops. Not one peson in our group got sick from the food which was great. Looking forward to returning in May of 2008..  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>1	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ashley49821
<Content>Nice resort but Terrible Food!       beach  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>subslug
<Content>Review from a Beach Bum       Property  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>JollyTolly
<Content>Only our opinion Just returned from two weeks at the Iberostar Punta Cana, booked through First Choice.Overall we had a good time but felt a little disappointed (as did other travellers we spoke to) but you can't quite put your finger on what it was that didn't make it fantastic.First off, top marks to our First Choice Rep Stephanie Costello who went beyond the call of duty and was absolutely fabulous. I had an unfortunate incident on one of the trips we booked which ended up with visit to the doctor's but Stephanie made sure I was ok and even refunded me my trip money!!Our original room was in the 4000 buildings, ground floor. I have a thing about being on the ground floor so asked reception if we could change and we were upgraded to a junior suite at no extra cost. Room was fine, average really. Fridge was restocked everyday with water, beer and cold drinks. Air Con and ceiling fan worked great, only little problem we had was that the shower leaked all over the bathroom floor but it wasn't an issue.We found the food to be great and the staff absolutely lovely but the restaurants were not air conditioned and it was very humid during our stay so dinner in particular was not a comfortable experience. We ended up in the Rock Star cafe a lot purely for the air con. Out of the whole holiday this was the one thing we really hated that non of the hotel had air-con.Evening entertainment we found to be very lame. 3 shows during our 2 week stay which were pretty good but other than that it was all audience participation which we thought was a bit boring after a while. Again the whole theatre area for the shows had no air con and was incredibly hot and sticky.Loved the pools, they were huge, really clean and pretty quiet.Beach was ok but it didn鈥檛 conjure up images of the Caribbean and could have been anywhere in Europe in our opinion.Went on three trips, Saona Island and the Outback Safari 鈥?loved both of them.Horseriding majorly disappointed and would not recommend for $20.00 each for an hour.Overall the hotel is good, purely I think down to the staff 鈥?nothing is too much trouble and they really look after you. Would we stay there again? Probably not but we had a good relaxing break but have to say after about 10 days we were ready to come home.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kiminwisconsin
<Content>Overall a great place! My husband and I celebrated our one year anniversary at the Iberostar Punta Cana from 9/18/2007-9/23/2007. We are 25 and 27 years old. Overall, it was a great trip! Punta Cana is a beautiful place. I used Trip Advisor a LOT to help pick this resort, so I will try and be thorough in my review and hopefully this helps others! Arrival at the airport:Wow 鈥?this airport is really something to see! Not quite like O鈥橦are where we departed from! It鈥檚 all open air, rather hot but everything seemed to run smoothly. There is nice music greeting you (but beware, the band members kept kicking their tip bucket at my feet!) and you can have your pictures taken with local Dominican girls and buy them on your way out. You do need to pay the $10 tourist fee. I was confused a couple of times as to what we were doing, but follow the flow of people and you should be fine! Our luggage was badly damaged, but I doubt it was the fault of Punta Cana. Transfer: We booked with Apple Vacations and had no problem finding our rep and getting on the bus. It was about a 25 minute ride and we were the first to be dropped off. The bus was only going to the Iberostar properties. The ride was interesting to say the least, mostly a one lane highway 鈥?people passing in the ditches, passing numerous cars at one time with on-coming traffic! It was scary! I was happy to see the resort and new at that point I probably would not be taking any outside trips! They are building a new highway 鈥?but I guess they have been for years, they don鈥檛 appear to be working too quickly to finish it! Check In: We arrived at noon and our room was ready for us. You will quickly realize that although the Dominican鈥檚 do work hard, they also work very slowly! Everything there is a lot slower paced. Just there way of life I suppose. We didn鈥檛 have a bell boy 鈥?we just took our luggage to our room ourselves, it was pretty close. Our keys did not work so we had to go back and have them reset them again which was annoying. Make sure you also ask about the safe 鈥?they didn鈥檛 just provide this information for us. Hotel Room: We were in the 6000 blocks which appear to be the newest rooms. The room was very nice, extremely clean. As others said, we did have some ants but what can you expect? The room stunk badly though like cleaning supplies, but at least it was clean! The air conditioner worked just fine, in fact it often got too cool for us. The bed was better than the Iberostars in Mexico, pillows really flat but that鈥檚 okay, they gave you four of them. Our room was close to the lobby and was a bit of a walk to the pool or beach, but it was a pretty walk. I requested that we be in a room closer to the beach or pool, they didn鈥檛 grant me the request and I realized later that the entire other half of the building was vacant and being remodeled so that was why. We had a mini-fridge that was stocked with soda, water and beer. It was cool, not cold but it did the trick. It was restocked for us each day and we did tip the maid each day. The maids did a wonderful job 鈥?were there pretty early each day, but probably because the resort was not that busy. We were also provided with two gallons of water for brushing teeth and were there for only four nights. That was very nice. Grounds:Very gorgeous 鈥?everything was always so clean and neatly landscaped. There was always someone sweeping or trimming trees, etc. The grounds workers and mostly all the workers were very friendly. Even the construction workers were friendly! Beach/Pool:Wonderful! The water was very warm and a pretty aqua color. It was pretty calm when we were there, we were able to swim and float in tubes. Be careful of all the water sports though! They show no mercy! We did notice that the depth of the water at the Iberostar dropped off quickly compared to others going south. The pool was wonderful as well, clean, cool and not very busy. There were always huts for us on the beach and pool no matter what time of day. Again, half the resort was being repaired so take that into consideration. The towels were nice and big. The resort does have a Jacuzzi in the spa 鈥?four of them but you have to make reservations which was odd. Although it was nice, they were very private and you didn鈥檛 have to worry about it becoming the children鈥檚 pool like most places. We did make a reservation for 30 minutes and the water was very hot and bubbly 鈥?perfect! The beach bar and pool bars were quite a ways from the Punta Cana pool which was weird. I think there is another beach bar on that side that was not open when we were there which would have helped. Bars:Strong drinks! Fast service and great choices! Food: This is the only part of the resort that was disappointing to me. I am a picky eater and didn鈥檛 expect much, but I was not impressed. Chips were soggy and stale, bread was hard, you often couldn鈥檛 find butter . Meats looked like they had been sitting there for hours, basically breakfast, lunch and dinner were all the same foods just set back out there. Breakfast was the best, they did have the most variety and great donuts and pastries! We didn鈥檛 do any restraints, found out in Mexico it鈥檚 the same food from the buffets for the most part so why bother with a schedule! We did try the American Star Rock Caf茅 which was very cute. They give you nachos as an appetizer which was nice but the menu is deceiving. Lots of good ol鈥?American choices on it, but when you get the food its nothing like here! But what can you expect 鈥?you are in another country. Neither of us got sick which was good, but we did avoid a lot of food. It just wasnt very appetizing. Casino:Small but entertaining, we won about $100 bucks playing blackjack and three card poker. They do have some fun slot machines. Beware; some rules are different there with card games so pay attention! It was always slow in there so I always felt like all the workers were just staring us up and down! Very few of the casino workers spoke and English which was tough, but again, it鈥檚 their country. It was air conditioned which was great! Pros:Beautiful grounds, water, beach, pools, rooms, lobby 鈥?everything! Very tropical!Excellent serviceLots to do to keep busy 鈥?water sports, casino, barsweren鈥檛 really bothered on the beach unless you went to areas with vendorsCons:Many rude Europeans who would arrange chairs and take what they needed from anyone at anytime. Quite frustrating, no fault of the resort. Scar y bus ride to the resort!Food 鈥?in general it just was not good, same things each meal of every dayNo room service as we had in Mexico at the Iberostar which I missed dearly! Long walk from room to beach areaBeach there were renovations, there were a lot of bars, food areas that were closed Punta Cana in general is a beautiful beach area, the problem is you can see it starting to become 鈥淐ancun鈥?with the fact that there are tons of water sports, parasailing and other foreign things that are making the beaches look less natural. I wish people would realize how beautiful this place is and let it be!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>JZG
<Content>too many smokers The package was purchased from Apple Vacations. The trip from Philadelphia to Punta Cana was great. The USA3000 airline was very good. The transfer from the airport to the hotel was just o.k. The hotel is beautiful BUT if you are a non-smoker you will not be happy. This resort is a smoker's paradise. There is no place to get away from the smokers. The smokers smoked in the pool, in the water at the beach, on the lounge chairs by the pool, while eating in the restaurants, in the stores, everywhere except in our hotel room. The food in the restaurants was good. Most of the food was not healthy so you had to look over the large assortment to find what was not fried or in heavy sauces. The service in the restaurants was always excellent.The shows were just o.k.The activities around the pool were just pathetic. The stretching and pool aerobics were lead by people not trained in either class. The pool-guys were totally without manners. We had young children with us as well as many other guests and were offended by one guy who strutted about stating, I'm from Africa, they call me big banana, eh, eh, eh, I love you baby........Most of the pool guys were just too sexually explicit to be employed in a family resort. The Bingo guy was as ass. He tried to show off his attempt to speak French, English, and German. Someone should tell him to get more practice because he was only embarrassing himself. Another thing I found wrong with this resort was that they used recycled sewer water for irrigation (for the sprinkler system). It had a horrible smell and I can鈥檛 believe it is allowed. Also, all of your belongings, including your suitcases, will have a musty smell once you return home. After multiple washings, the smell will go away.The return to the airport was just horrible. They made us leave our rooms at 7am for a 12:30 flight that didn鈥檛 take off till 2:00pm. A confused layover in Baltimore (to go through customs) added so much time that we didn鈥檛 get back to Philadelphia until 10:30pm. I don鈥檛 think USA3000 is treated highly in the airline industry. Overall, I think Club Med is a million times better than Iberostar for activities, entertainment and food. Iberostar was only better for room size, and service.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>1	3	4	3	4	3	5	1	

<Author>Detroit2
<Content>Loved It Had a great time there, The food was pretty good for an all inclusive resort and the service was excellent. Had a beautiful beach and many activities to keep the fun going. The only thing I didn't like was the that the beds were horrible, but everything else made up for it  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FlexiBird
<Content>Fantastic Hotel  Well where can i start . . . Firstly the people who have wrote bad reviews are just to fussy and expect to much!!This hotel is fantastic and after all these people complaining i feel a good review should be up there aswell.Me and my partner travelled to the Iberostar Punta Cana the first 2 weeks in June, and not once were we let down.Let me break it down. . . .The HotelAbsolutley phenomenal entrance all marble and brilliant water feature which is full of turtles, very hot but your in the caribbean! Brilliant check in, the staff couldnt do enough for us were up in our room within 15 minutes. Amazing grounds and gardens very well kept and maintained by staff throughout the day, flamingos wandering around aswell. Both sides of the hotel are fantastic Punta Cana side quietier than Dominicana. RoomsBrilliant spacious clean and open, lovely bathroom, plenty of wardrobe space and nice seating area instead if sitting on the bed. Mini bar restocked daily if you tip. Pools  BeachThe pools wow, both very large never bump into anyone, cleaned daily and plenty of surrounding space to sunbathe.The beach is just amazing, pure white sand and blue waters, what more can you ask for! Plenty of sunbed space, brilliant water sports, banana boat is great fun!!Food  DrinkThe choice is brilliant you can eat in both the Punta Cana and Dominicana buffet and both offer brilliant food so much to choose from everynight and is always freshly cooked. Staff in both are brill cannot do enough for you we had our drinks waiting on our table everynight for us. You dont have a designated table its just that we sat in the same at the same one each night.For lunch the restaurant on the beach, the steak house by the pool and the buffet all served brilliant food, from Pizza to Burgers and Hotdogs. You never go hungary theres food avbailable form the minute you get up to the minute you go to bed. Its great. The ice cream bar is fab aswell, available from about 10am till 6pm. Even if your a fussy eater like my partner you wont go hungary there is always something for evreyones need, and if not then you are just being far to fussy. EntertainmentWe are not much one for watching the evening entertainemnt so i cant really comment from what we did see everyone was enjoying themselves adn the bars were always packed out.We spent nearly every evening in the Casino, which is briliant, air conditined and the staff are great, the Roulette table is the best can sit there for hours (well till we had gambled enough)!!There were 4 weddings over the 2 weeks we were there, the effort the staff go to is unbelievable, theres nothing they wont do all the weddings partys had a brillaint time.This is a fanastic hotel and place to visit i recommend it to everyone, families, couples, elderly and honeymooners.The one thing i will say is watch out for the loud americans who dont take the other holiday makers into considertaion, but if you take a look around where you are and feel the sun you can block them out easily. All in all an amazing holiday and will be going back again.Have a lovely holiday.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dtrevino
<Content>very disappointed I stayed at this resort at the advise of a travel agency/wedding planner I was so disappointed I canceled a reservation from another resort and ended up so unhappy this resort did not have anything worth talking about no air condition we sweated all day all resaurant outside with flys and the alcohol was generic no name brands and all drinks tasted watered down I paid more at this resort under the assumtion that it was better I felt ripped off...  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	5	3	3	3	

<Author>victor1602
<Content>What a fantastic holiday! Have just returned from the Iberostar Punta Cana / Domenica resort having spent two fabulous weeks with my wife and two children, ages 12 and 8. From the moment we arrived and were taken to our pool and ocean view suite (we were lucky, got upgraded per chance but if you can afford the extra well worth it!) we were treated with courtesy, politeness and smiles from everyone. There's an army of staff from groundsman, cleaners, waiters, waitresses and management all of whom were delightful. Everyone is totally in to the Carribean vibe, singing, dancing - so very happy. Roberto the bellboy a superstar, Juan on reception charmed the drawers off of my wife - something I often struggle to do!! The facilities are first class, great pools, entertainment on the Domenica side, more sedantry but very pleasant on the Punta Cana side in which our room was based. Food in the buffets was great, the restaurants a bit of a let down - get your steaks cooked to order from the Punta Cana buffet - easily beats the Steak Restaurant. Lost our hearts to the exquisite Margelila Perez who serves in both the Punta Cana and buffet retaurants, what service she afforded us!The beach is a paradise just a 60 second walk from the pools - best thing being an Englishman outside of Europe (apart from the beer being nice and cold) was not having to get up at 6am to get my towels on the sunbeds before our German friends!Entertainment team worked tirelessly and in the main were very good. Some of the shows from the sub'd troupe were a little repetitive but the in house team were excellent - Mr Black Banana and Leo fantastic - the lovely Maria absolutely gorgeous. The music was also really good. Apart from some old duffer with a guitar who sang sporadically at the Punta Cana lobby bar the live music on offer in terms of quality was fantastic - I'm an experienced muso and believe me, playing live is tough yet so many of the numerous and varied musical acts were really first class. As for the Star Friends house band - astounding. God, those rhythms and percussion!This is a great place to holiday - take it from me, I'm extremely particular. Just one word of caution - avoid the Hurricane season, we caught the tail of Hurricane Dean and it was a little scary, some of the beach parasols were destroyed, the beach and pools closed for a day along with Punta Cana airport. The worry in the preceding days that it might hit us fully was unpleasant. Having said that, within a day things were back to normal. Weather absolutely superb, people brilliant, surrounding area poverty truly humbling.If you're thinking of going - GO. It is wonderful. Something for everyone, young lovers, old lovers, couples with young children like us.EnjoySimon. (not sure why my name appears as Victor1602!)29th August 2007  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AkronTravellers
<Content>Iberostar PC Somewhat Overrated Our third visit to Dominican Republic and our fifth All-Inclusive resort.We enjoyed ourselves quite well. It's nearly impossible to not have a great time when you visit such a beautiful setting as Punta Cana. Our review is based strictly as a comparison to other resorts we've visited.We were not impressed by the entry to the hotel. The lobby was boring compared to other resorts we've visited. The staff was very helpful on our arrival and even allowed us early check-in.Our room was a bit dated and too small. The beds left sore back muscles behind and the pillows were what one might expect to find in a local jail. Housekeeping was efficient and aside from the hairdryer that wouldn't dry the hair on a bald man's head everything worked well. The toilet ran constantly if you forgot to jiggle the lever. We spend most of our time outside the room so it met our needs.The resort grounds are okay. We've seen much nicer gardens. We would have preferred a more expansive set of trails to walk.The pools are reasonably sized and fairly maintained. This was our first resort without a swim up bar in either pool. We didn't care for that so much. There were lots of kids in both pools. On our first day there the towel cabana ran out of towels for a couple of hours but otherwise fresh towels were always available.The staff working around the pools claening up after all of us and providing refreshments were all courteous and timely. No complaints about them at all!The animation team was substandard in our opinion. They failed to get their guests interested in many of the activities. They didn't seem all that animated. There were plenty of activities available and we enjoyed what we participated in except the archery as we watched some 8 year old kid sitting on a picnic bench pee all over himself and the bench during the activity. Oh my!The food was the biggest disappointment for us. We were expecting better and more options. Most resorts we've visited really rotate the entrees over the course of a week. Not the Iberostar. Seemed like the same dinner every night or every other night. We each gained weight while there so it's not like we didn't find food we enjoyed though! We visited two ala carte restaurants and neither would be placed on our list of must dine at establishments. We had Mexican one night and Asian another.We aren't really big alcohol consumers so we won't rate their drinks. It seemed a lot of people enjoyed them though!Overall, the only real problem we had with Iberostar PC was it didn't meet our expectations given it's high rating by the vacation provider we typically use. We've stayed at other resorts with the same 5 golden apple rating which were MUCH nicer.We were quite pleased with the package price fo the trip and don't feel we were ripped off in any way. We just believe we paid for a 4 apple resort and got what we paid for!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>dfostertol
<Content>Punta Cana - It was nice Just returned from Iberostar Punta Cana. Activites:I thought that they tried hard to make me have a good time. The Star Friends were there to bring you into the activities. They always had a smile and were very helpful. We danced at noon, did water exercises and saw a show at night and hung out at the disco - all with the same star friends. Food:We were lucky enough to get to eat at three places - International, Mexican, and Oriental. I have to say the Mexican was the best and I could have skipped the Oriental. We stayed only four nights and should be guartneed only one restaurant but the young lady was nice enough to give us two. We then asked the people at the mexican restaurant to just let us in and THEY DID. The food was good and especially the lobster at the International restaurant. (next time I would ask for two lobsters).Resort Grounds:Very nice - the beach was nice and the pools were great. Room:Disappointment. My bad is still hurting from the mattress (it felt like a boxspring instead) and by the last night I could not take it anymore. Besides the bed I have to say the room was nice. My fridge was stocked and the room was clean. Drinks:We could not find a good drink until we got to the lobby bar. They had a drink called the coomassie. The beer was a good substitue for us as well. Overall: I had a good time. It was a affordable short trip and we had a good time. I believe I would stay at the Bravaro next time though.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>shizbee
<Content>Great Vacation My family just returned from our vacation on Aug-19th. I was a little reluctant to travel to this resort due to some of the reviews I read. Thank God, I did not listen! This resort was absolutely beautiful.My husband and I traveled with our two kids, (7and 3).The Check in was smooth. The room was neat and clean. We had no problem with the ac. Most of the time we kept the ac off because it was so cold. Our only problem was no iron in the room.  The grounds, were well kept. the staff worked so hard and were always pleasant.The pools were great. My kids loved both sides of the pool. To us it was like one big resort altogether. We did notice that the punta cana side was a little more quiet but it was good to have some balance.The beach, is breathtaking! how can people complain?The food, was ok, a little repetitive but if you switch up your nights with some of the a le carte's it's ok. We tried the steak house, it's not that great. The steak was better at the buffet on the punta cana side! We also tried the mexican restaurant, not so great. One would think Dominican Republic, Spanish no! it sucked big time. The best part about the mexican restaurant was the margaritas. The gourmet at La Sibila was nice, everyone gets the same menu! so don't get your hopes up...it's not like you can order a plate of shrimps....the best part was the huge lobster everyone gets at the end.Overall we had a great time...We loved the Mini Kids Club....they had lots of activites for the kids....the staff, I don't know where they get the energy from? Jordan and Sisa need a vacation...they were the entertainment! Great resort, beautiful beach, fun pool, loved the beach party...go and enjoy.... well worth the money!! My only complaint would be to some of the visitors Smile, Look But Don't Stare!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	3	5	4	

<Author>travelingdivah
<Content>The stay was okay My sister and I stayed at the Iberostar Punta Cana 8/9-8/14/07. The resort was recommended to me by a coworker. It was okay. I would not stay there again. The room smelled musty and felt damp. The food was edible, but nothing to write home about. However, I will say that the grounds were very well kept and beautiful. The staff was also very friendly and helpful. The best restaurant they have there was the steak house. There really wasn't much going on for younger adults. On the other hand the Iberostar Dominica was much better as we had access to use some of the ameninties at that resort.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jimmy2000
<Content>Great Place but not for everyone! First of all for those who want to save Do Not book the whole package thru travel agent or online. Do separate booking i.e. make air reservations online and a separate reservation for the resort @ [--]. You will save some money by doing that way!!! Taxi fare to the resort is $33 US dollar and it will take approximately 25 min from the airport (PUJ) to the resort. GOOD-- The grounds are kept nice and clean all the time. The staffs are great. The Beach is nice. The pool is good (I[ve seen better ones) The Mediterranean restaurant is good if you like seafood. The Calamari is great and the the Grouper is awsome. I heard other A la carte restaurants are good - Mexican, French and the steak house. The rooms is comfortable and very cool (AC- only place in the resort that is really cool). Only time I enjoyed the main buffet was Friday night (lobster night) and Breakfast everyday. Only the bar next to the night theater is good. BAD-- make sure you put all the important things(money, passport, jewelry, cell phone etc) in the safe!!! It will be gone if you don't. My son's cell phone got stolen by either the maid or the person who fixed our refrigerator while we were gone. Mosquitoes @ night will get you in the theater. Hot in the theater because it is open air. You will sweat! Buffet is below average but you will find something to eat. Flies are the problem in the food section of the buffet. Do not drink tap water!!!! NO BUENO!!!! Not even when you brush teeth. THINGS YOU NEED TO TAKE WITH YOU.1. Mosquito repellent2. Mugs to keep your drinks cool ( pool/beach)3. Small battery operated fan.4. Sun block and NOT Sun tan lotion! (you will still get tan)5. Medicine for stomach ache just in caseI hope this helps for those heading to IB Bavaro.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>mary30England
<Content>you won't be dissapointed After reading some of the recent reviews I feel as though i must write my own. Myself, husband and 2 teenage children have just spent two fantastic weeks at the punta cana. The reception staff are very good and do speak English, we had a problem with the safe it was fixed within half an hour. OK so not all the staff speak fluent English but it is the guests who are in a foreign country not the staff!we were upgraded to the junior suites upon our arrival, these were great, very spacious. The minibar is filled daily with coke fanta, beer and water, you also have a large bottle of water on the side by the coffee making facilities.The maids worked very hard and kept our rooms very clean with the odd towel art aswell.The grounds are beautiful and you will always see gardeners and maintenance men throughout the day.The food was lovely even for the most fussy eaters there was always somthing. Yes the buffet can get a bit repetitve but it is impossible not to repeat some dishes when they do such a variety every lunch time and evening. If you do get fed up go to one of the speciality restaurants the oriental is definately worth a try. There are fresh juices at breakfast and the omlettes are fab. There are about 5 out of 7 days where there is a BBQ by the beach at lunch if it takes your fancy, with sangria and cocktails along with dancing. If you want food like back home then you should there.The entertainment team work very hard throughout the day and night, the amount of energy they have is amazing especially jordan and danny. Yes the evening entertainment is a bit hit and miss, but it is in all languages, so have a cocktail and laugh and if you really don't like it then go to the other bar. There is a beach party on the beach weekly, this was great fun but only if you get involved after all you are on holiday, enjoy it! The pool area is lovely cleaned every morning, and there was no problem for beds at anytime of the day. There are two pools the domincana one is slightly deeper and cooler but both fab.The beach is picture postcard with soft white sand and clear blue waters, plenty of beds here too, but not as much shade as the pool, take high factor sun cream it gets very hot.This hotel is definately worth going we will be returning soon.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cher103
<Content>Disappointed with Iberostar Bavarro, Punta Cana Be warned before going to the Dominican, that you cannot drink the tap water anywhere, even in your hotel. The Iberostar was supposed to provide bottled water so that you could brush your teeth, but unless we called and asked it was never delivered. Also, the refrigerator in our room never worked, so the promise of a stocked refrig in your room was great if you like warm beer, soda and water. Also, several members of our party had roaches and red ants in their rooms. Housekeeping would come and spray if you called. The food was horrible, certainly not up to American standards and several people in our party were sick(vomiting and diarrhea) for several days during the trip.Finally, we discovered when we were packing up to leave that we had items of clothing and money stolen from our rooms. The management basically told us there was nothing they could do.The island itself is extremely poor, so everywhere you go they hound you to buy their trinkets.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ProArtWork
<Content>Iberostar Punta Cana       Beach  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>stewy1000
<Content>Disappointment  First of all, we need to discuss the disappointments. We were not impressed with the quality/selection of the food at this resort. The same foods were offered every day, and they were often left out in the heat for who-knows how long. The food sanitation was poor, as things were often not refrigerated enough for the weather conditions. (ie milk, cheese, lunch meat, salad dressings, etc.) Three out of the four people in our group came down with some form of food-poisoning. Bring Immodium or Pepto Bismol with you as it is not readily available and super expensive. Also, only one of the ala carte restaurants that we visited was air-conditioned. We also found the language barrier to be a problem. If you do not know any Spanish, you will have trouble communicating with many of the staff. The night entertainment was repetitive and could be seen as inappropriate for children. Don't even bother going to the shows unless you understand some Spanish!Now for the redeeming qualities of this resort. We really enjoyed the beach and the pools, and the grounds were maintained beautifully. The rooms were clean and the air conditioning was sufficient though a bit musty. We enjoyed the Marinarium snorkeling trip, and dive shop staff met every need. After diving in Curacao it was a little disappointing here due to the small variety of marine life. The weather was great if you enjoy the sun and heat. Our vacation was o.k., but we will probably not be visiting this resort again. We also think that a 5-Golden Apple rating was very generous for this resort--a 3 or 4 would have been more appropriate.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>mpudlo
<Content>Great Time! What a terrific hotel. Stayed 1st week in July, the weather was great, very little rain.The beach area is the most awesome I have seen...10 times better than Aruba-which we love.We stayed in the 5000 building which is the older one, the room was huge, the air conditioning worked fabulous.In the room there is a refridgerator with beer, soda and water. They refill every other day but if you leave the maid a few dollars it gets filled daily.The staff could not have been more friendly and accomodating. The check-in process went extremly smooth. My son and wife along with 2 children got a room that actually had a seperate area with 2 beds for the kids.The food for breakfast and lunch in the buffett was plentiful and had many choices to pick from.We tried to make reservations on the very 1st night (for any time during the week) at the steak house but was advised there was only 1 reservation left and it was for 930pm at the end of the week. A $20.00 bill got us the next night at 6:00pm.The Mexican restaraunt was also excellent along with the rock star cafe, all great alternatives to the evening buffett- which is very repetative.The daily activities kept the kids busy and happy.All in all a wonderful vacation and I would go back in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>britbride
<Content>Great hotel and even better wedding My family and I travelled to this hotel in May 2005 for my husband and I to get married. There were 10 of us altogether ranging in age from 23 - 55 and we stayed for 2 weeks.The hotel upgraded all 10 of us to junior suites located next to the lobby bar and Punta Cana reception. The rooms looked like new and were very plush.We ate at all the restaurants and returned to the Oriental as it was so good.The guys behind reception were amazing - they let my husband use another room every other day to shave his head with clippers as junior suites don't have 220v plugs!The beach is stunning, never been anywhere like this in my life.We competed in the archery and rifle shooting daily and had a ball. I can't praise the entertainment team enough at this hotel.We got married after being there a week and everything went perfectly - my mum asked for champagne at 8am to have with our breakfast and it was delivered to our table from a big silver tray, the wedding co-ordinator's were top class too.The only downside was the weather was awful and we had a lot of rain - we just found a bar and played scrabble.I would return to this hotel tomorrow.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>otty78
<Content>THERE IS SUCH THING AS PARADISE Where shall i start.. we were at this hotel 12/06 - 26/06 and have just returned and couldnt wait to write this review as im still buzzing. I cant believe some of the reviews i read on here before going (mainly the americans that complain about anythign and everything). I have stayed in 2 iberostars before (Iberostar founty beach in morrocco and the iberostar tucan in mexico) so i knew what quality to expect and was not disappointed one bit.ok starting with the flight:We flew with first choice as we always do, perfect flight, no delays. we flew premium class and would always recommend this for long haul as the seats are 36 inch pitch, lots of good movies and free food and drinks. Heard many bad reports from people that flew thomas cook and other companies as the seats are very cramped. The airport is lovely, a typical carribean looking airport with thatched roof and locals serenading us as we walked in. Bus journey approx 40 mins to hotel.Hotel:Lovely open reception lobby with lots of marble. Thatched roof. There is a lovely pond area with turtles too.. very nice touch.The hotel shares the facilities with the adjoining Iberostar dominicana, which is identical in every respect, and are connected via the buffet restaurants. The third hotel within the complex is the Hotel Iberostar Bavaro which can use the facilties of the punta cana and domincana but we couldnt use their facilities as that is supposidly a superior hotel, although we didnt think so. The surrounding gardens are well landscaped and maintained with lovely fountains etc. You will also see peacocks and pink flamingoes wandering about freely. The pools are freeform and always nice and warm, and very nice just to sit in with a cocktail in your hand. The punta cana pool is a bit quieter as the dominicana one has water polo and aerobics going on etc. The grounds and hotel were always spotless. It may be nice to tip the gardeners and cleaners as they often tend to get overlooked when it comes to tipping but their job is equally important to ensuring a great holiday.Rooms:After reading reports on here we took the advice of one traveller who advised us to tip the recptionist when getting room. We asked for an upgrade to a junior suite and got one just by asking. I tipped him 10 dollars for it. I was so glad i did too because the room was beautiful Very clean, lovely air conditioning that was quiet (many guests in normal rooms complained it was loud), nice balcony overlooking the gardens, tv, coffee maker, iron, hairdryer, nice bathroom with shower (although the water pressure wasnt great) Also as it was a junior suite, we had a seperate living area with sofa etc.One thing we did notice were lots of minute little ants in the bathroom. Always seemed to apepar after the cleaner had been in, i think it was the roses etc that the cleaner left that attracted them. If you are staying in the dominicana side, you wont get a junior suite as they are only in the punta cana side. They are also much more modern decor wise etc.Food/Drink:Superb - all of it! Cant believe how people find things to moan and whinge about.. what do people expect??? caviar and lobster?? well you can get that here aswell and all free !!The main buffet restaurant was great with show cooking, steaks made to order, fish, pastas, big salad bar, burgers, chips, pizzas, you name it they had it.The speciality restaurants you get 4 reservations for a 2 week stay. We went to the steak house twice which is lovely and on the beach. The sirloin steak done medium was to die for.The mexican was lovely too and the gourmet was beautiful.. we had lobster and you could get caviar on the starter bar. Didnt try the medditeranian one but the japanese was lovely.. never had sushi before and it was lovely as was the thai green curry.The star rock cafe is great and you can visit as many times as you wish. Its air con and you get served by waiters. It is done in an american theme, very nicely done and it opens at 7pm. The earlier you get there the more chance you have of getting in.The drinks were quite good too.. not as good as when we were in mexico or in the riu merengue which is where we stayed last time in domincan (north). but they were still nice. The local beer presidente is nice but can be gassy and loses its head quickly. Cocktails are lovely. The shorts are ok too.. no jack daniels though (gutted) altho Jim Beam, Smirnoff, Gordens, etc are available. Wine was very average (typical cheap wine).Entertaiment:Hmmmm not the best. The Iberostar Tucan in Mexico was far better where they had professional chereographers etc while here they only hired them in once a week. The shows were mainly ran by the animation team where such shows were Mr Iberostar, Men vs women etc. some of the better shows were the michael jackson show and the hollywood movie show. Also the shows are in the outside theatre which gets very hot and humid at night (bring the insect repellant)We spent every night at the air conditioned casino.. 3 blackjack tables, 3 and 5 card poker, 2 roulette tables plus one electric roulette machine, and lots of slit machines. The casino got very busy later on. The drinks are all free in here too.There is also a piano bar playing live music which we prefered to the shows. There is a bar by the beach too which is nice for a cocktail watching the stars. Once a week the animation team host a beach party at night. This was great. BBQ and beach games etcBeach:WOW WOW WOW ! pure white powdery sand and clear turquoise warm seas.. beautiful. Great for snorkeling too as small coral reef a short swim away.. lost of great fish. lots of palapas too to escape the hot sun if required.Daytime activities:water polo, beach football and volleyball, darts, archery, aerobics etc all organised by the animation team. Great if you want to be more active.Staff:Fantastic as all the domincans are. They serve you well and always say hola Tip them a doller here and there and they appreicate it sooo much, as remember its a poor country and these guys work long days for little pay, and still dont stop smiling.Excursions:We did outback safari which we also did last time we came to the dom rep. Its a great day and highly recommended. You get to see the real dom rep and have great fun too.We also did Saona island - save your money guys. Didnt enjot this at all. The island is meant to be pure paradise but the beach at the hotel is better as is the sea. You get three hours stranded on this beach with nothing to do. Its a very long day 6.30am pick up and dont get back till 7pm.Overall:Fantastic and superb. How people can complian is beyond me, although like i said its mainly the yanks. although to be fair most of those liked it too. Check the bad reviews, hardly any english. Trust me you will love it here, if you dont you must either be mad or american.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>zbyczek
<Content>Fabulous resort Our travel agent recommended Iberostar and I am glad we listened. Everything about it, food, drinks, rooms, service, activities and entertainment was top of the line. We also did not hear any complaints from other people at our resort. I certainly recommend Iberostar. As to a la carte restaurants, the lobster place and the japanese restaurant were our favorites.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>hdhjhh
<Content>Really great time had by all We have just returned from a great holiday at the Iberostar Punta Cana/Dominicana and thought I would make a report as I have found trip advisor very useful.Our tour operator was First Choice and we travelled from East Midlands airport.We arrived at reception with a swift check in and escorted to our room 5316 by Juan Carlos, who was very friendly. Our luggage arrived by the Bell Boy straightway.The grounds of the hotel are beautiful and well maintained, watch out for the Flamingos, Peacocks (who had babies) and other birds. There was two swimming pools one which was quite quiet and one which had lots going on during the day with the Star Friends (animation team). You did not have to join in with the Fun and Games if you did not want to. Say hello to Ana, who kept the drinks flowing around the pool area during the dayThe beach was just stunning with miles of lovelly soft sand and blue sea.Breakfast, Lunch and Evening meals were located in two restaurants one on the Punta Cana side and one on the Dominica side which where buffet and you could use either of these restaurants. We stayed for 14 nights so we could have 4 visits to the speciality restaurants. We visited the Mexican (which we thought was the best) the Gourmet, the Steakhouse and the Tropical (which was the fish). We would have liked to have gone to the Oriental, but had difficulty getting into this restaurant at the time we would have prefered to eat. Lunch and snacks were also available at the two beach restaurants. There was also an ice cream bar.Bars were located at the Punta Cana, which had either someone playing the piano or a group playing in the Gazebo. On the Dominicana side the stage was located with entertainment every night with the Star Friends, we didn't venture only a couple of times as were preferred the quieter side of the Punta Cana. Hello to the waitresses Juana, Jacqualine, plus a couple others but unfortunaley, I cannot remember their names, who work really hard. The Bar Manager Marchello was brilliant.We did two trips which was the Soana Island and the Bavaro Splash. The Soana Island was a long day as we were picked up at 0645 and didn't return back to the hotel until 1845 which made it a very long day. We thoroughly enjoyed the Bavaro Splash trip, which was half a day trip, we were taken out on a large speed boat to were the small two seater speed boats where kept, we rode these across the bay to were they had a platform boat and then we snorkled for about half an hour or so that taken back to the speed boats to ride them back to where we came from.All the staff are so friendly and work really hard, so tip well they deserve it.We met some lovelly people and would definately return to this Hotel at some time.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>FLtraveler618
<Content>Overall Okay Experience We just got back from 5 days at the Iberostar Punta Cana/Dominica. These two resorts are really one that share all of the same amenities. We went for a friends wedding and overall had a good time. Good things about the resort, extremely clean rooms (we had a room in the 5000 section which was perfectly fine, we dediced not to tip the front counter help and glad that we didn't later, if you saw how much money the front desk people make in tips it would surprise you, I saw them counting their money at one point and one of the men had at least two $100 bills and that was just the beginning of the stack of $20's and so on). Otherwise check in was easy and there were no language problems. The room we stayed in was a little musty, but that is to be expected in the tropics. The air conditioning was very comfortable and the room was very cool. The bed is a little hard and the pillows are very thin so if this bothers you, bring your own pillow. Our room did not have an iron, I requested one 4 times and never got one. So if you stay in the 5000 section bring your iron. The food was decent, I am a picky eater and found something to eat at each meal with no problem. We ate at the steak house and the food was excellent as was the service. Overall service was good, there were a few people that we ran into who may not have been so happy but you can get that anywhere you go. Language - I didn't have any problems, I know enough to get around but really you don't need to know any Spanish because they cater to English speaking people. You are in a different country and so therefore you may want to learn a few key phrases in order to make your stay more pleasant. I enjoyed trying to speak Spanglish with the employees, I got to use some of the Spanish I learned in high school. Tipping - is really up to you. We tipped the server at the pool in order to keep the drinks flowing and it worked. I tipped various other bartenders but they change pretty frequently it really didn't do us much good, everyone was still nice and accomodating. Our groups biggest complaint (and this is from someone who lives in Florida) was the lack of air conditioning at the resort. We knew that it would be hot and humid in June but would have thought that there would be more air conditioned areas at the resort. Both buffets are not air conditioned, same goes with the bars. The only air conditioned areas were the casino, disco tech, rock star cafe and the asian restuarant. So if you do not like to sweat non-stop then do not go in June, July, August or September. You will not be happy. We went on a snorkeling excursion through the hotel, if you go ask for Jose as your guide he is awesome and so much fun. The snorkeling isn't that great, we have been to several other places and this was quite boring, not a lot of fish and the reef is really dying off. I have also snorkeled in Hawaii and nothing compares to that so far. Still searching.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>conoff2000
<Content>Better than I expected after reviewing other trip reports I must say that the trip was better than I originally thought it would be after reading the trip reviews dated June 2006 - May 2007, which provided conflicting information from one extreme to another. We stayed at this resort from 18 - 25 May 2007. I would like to offer the following comments, hoping you will find them helpful to make your stay an enjoyable one.Food: The comments regarding the food being terrible was simply not true. They have 2 main buffets. The La Hispaniola on the Punta Cana side is labeled as American Food and the Higuey on the Dominicana side is labeled as European food. These buffets are located side-by-side, joined by a short walkway in the middle. On both sides they had eggs-to-order: omelets or fried, pancakes, french toast, bacon, sausage, cereals, oatmeal, fruits, and a multitude of breads available for breakfast. Salad and fruit was available at all meals. At lunch, you could get hamburgers, chicken patties, hot dogs, and pizza at the buffets on the beach: Palapa La Cana (Punta Cana side) and Palapa El Conuco (Dominicana side). At dinner La Hispaniola served steak (small pre-cooked portions or you could ask them to cook you a larger one), pork, chicken, ribs, and fried squid. They also had a cooked-to-order pasta bar and cooked-to-order fajitas with your choice of shrimp, pork, squid, etc. I especially enjoyed the shrimp fajitas. We were able to make reservations at 4 of the 5 specialty restaurants, even though our stay stated we could reserve only 3. Of course we settled on a 9:30 time slot for our 4th meal. When you can eat all day, waiting until 9:30 for dinner is no big deal. The steak house was my favorite. Entertainment: Provided at the theatre on the Dominicana side - not too interesting unless you like audience participation. However, they had a Broadway show on Thursday night, 9:30-10:30 that was wonderful. There's also merengue music playing on the Punta Cana side, close to the lobby bar, if you enjoy dancing.Pool/Beach: The pools were advertised as huge, but in fact they were just adequate compared to some of the other resorts I've stayed at in Mexico and Jamaica. However, I don't believe Punta Cana resorts are into large pools, because we walked over to the Rui Palace and some other resorts nearby and found their pools to be the same or smaller. Therefore, if you're going for the pool, you may be disappointed. We found the beach to be superb. Water - clear, sand - soft, and size - great; also plenty of shade palapas. In addition, we really enjoyed being able to walk the beach, from one resort to the other - the beaches and resorts are not fenced off. To the left are the 5 Rui resorts, the Bahia Principe, and the Majestic. To the right are the crafters tents, Ocean Blue Resort ,and the Princess. You could walk forever, but that was our limit.Rooms: After reading the reviews regarding the 6000 section being newer than the 5000 section, we decided it was worth $20 to tip the guy at check-in to guarantee us this upgrade. It proved to be well worth the money. We received a Junior Suite which had a sofa and chair, and a coffee pot and ironing board others said were not available in their room. However, it did not have a bidet (not really necessary anyways). We're not sure if the $2 day safe rental for a key is still in effect or not, because our suite (Room 6206) didn't need a key and there was no rental fee charged to us the entire week. Therefore, if this is still a valid charge, we saved $16 from not having to pay it. If you deducted this cost from the $20 tip we gave at check-in; you could say our room upgrade only cost us $4. The 5000 section is absolutely beautiful and tropical. We never saw the rooms or spoke to anyone staying there, but the interior walking area (atrium?) felt like we were walking in another world.Ants: Be prepared to see lots of tiny ants in your room - in the bathroom, on top of the mini-fridge, and on top of the table in the living room area. I'm sure if we complained, they would've sprayed, but the ants were so tiny, we just decided to smash them with our fingers. As a result, I advise you not to leave anything open in the room - food, toothbrush, etc., or be prepared to check it thoroughly before using.Ladies - word of advice: If you're a hairdryer person like I am, you'll want to bring your own hairdryer with an extension cord. The one provided in the bathroom has a nozzle more like a vacuum cleaner, so it was too small to dry my hair. Also, the outlets are circular and cut into the wall. Therefore, most hairdryer plugs (transformers) won't fit, but the extension cord plug will fit. I moved mine to the table in the living area, since it had a nice large mirror overhead. For my closing remark, I would like to clarify why my rating of this resort was only average. That was based on the hardness of the beds, the thinness of the pillows (not conducive to sleeping), the size of the pools (not as described), and the lack of food variety. Even though there was plenty to eat, I found the selection of food to be rather repetitive for the 5 Gold Apple resort rating. On the plus side, the grounds are beautiful, the staff simply wonderful, attentive, and friendly, and the beach - one of the best I've been to.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Stargazer48
<Content>Everything We Dreamed of.... My Husband and I stayed at this gorgeous hotel 4/30/07 to 5/7/07.This was our first trip to DR and not our last we hope!!! We arrived after a very long day of travel to the hotel and were met by Dominga, a very pleasant and helpful representative of the hotel. She saw to it we were quickly checked in and our luggage was taken to our room. While she gave us a 10 minute briefing of the hotel and how to reach her for problems, we enjoyed a cool refreshing fruity drink.Our room was a standard room, but was spacious and spotless. Three out of the seven days there, I wore the same white socks after getting out of the shower on the tile floors. I could wear them that many days because they never got dirty!!!The housekeeping is superb. We tipped the second day 10.00 USD and then again when we left. I feel the service would have been the same whether we tipped or not. Placard in the room stated minibar would be stocked every other day, but each day we returned to the room it was fully stocked.Had laundry sent out. Was returned the next day clean, pressed and all on hangers. Very inexpensive if you don't want to go home with dirty clothes.The grounds are more than what you can see on websites. I looked for over 6 months on many hotel sites and was impressed with pictures of the grounds. They do not do it justice. Everyday there were groundskeepers out early in the morning raking, manicuring, trimming. All were very pleasant despite working out in the heat most of the day. Wished I could have took one home with me for my gardens!!!Everywhere there were people working, never saw one person standing around doing nothing. It was amazing to see the Dominican people, from bartenders to waitresses to the entertainment crew happy, singing and dancing while doing there job. Everyone had an Hola! and a smile. How refreshing it was to see people work and actually like their job!!Reception workers speak four languages, Spanish, English, French and German. So if you do not know the language, you'll be O.K. Hotel workers, we were told by local tour guides, must either be attending The Language school  or have completed it. This is a 2-3 year school which is attended after secondary school is completed. Anyone wanting to work in the hotels must attend.We booked our vacation through Apple and Lisa, our representative was extremely pleasant, upbeat and more than helpful. We booked three excursions with her and loved them all.Went on the Quad ATV excursion (driving my own for the first time) and did fine. Note: If you do not enjoy the hot Dominican sun or a little dust in your face, don't go...The tour took us along the beautiful coastline in the soft sand for about 30 minutes stopping to see landmarks and where the Carribean meets the Atlantic. Saw celebrity villas from a distance, Julio Iglesias, Oscar De La Renta and Shakiras.Julio and Oscar built the Punta Cana Airport for people like us to fly in much closer than Santo Domingo to the hotel district. Then we went into the jungles on some very rough terrain, but it was fun. June, our tour guide, was very hovering to be sure no one had problems and all 21 of us stayed somewhat together. After the ATV riding, we went to a gorgeous beach and cooled off, then back to the starting point for drinks. Four hour fun day with lots of fun in the sun.Went on the Outback Safari 1/2 day trip. Tour guides are funny and informative. So glad we went so we could see life outside the hotel perimeter. You will not get any sense of the culture if you do not venture outside the hotel.Third excursion was Saona Island. This was the best and a must do. Sailed on a Catamarran to the island, music and drinks on the way. Unbelievable water and views. Arrived to a buffet of salads, fruits and meat cooked on a grill. Hammocks to relax on, bar, dancing and swimming of course. They return you on a speed boat to a shallow swimming area where you can find huge starfish. Caution: Got stung by a sea urchin (we were told). Apparently these creatures live in coral and do not bother you unless you tread on it. We were unaware of this. We did not purposely walk or kneel on the coral, but with the waves we were pushed onto coral. Waves were not strong, but they were waves. Feels a little less painful than a beesting, but you do notice swelling almost immediatley. My husband and I both got stung on our legs as did others. Did not require MD visit. I had hydrocortisone cream with us and just applied it when we returned to the hotel. Swelling and pain disappeared after a day.Food: Iberostar goes over the top in presentation and everything always looked so fresh. Fruit carvings adorn the buffets. Never food on the buffet where it wasn't supposed to be. Cold was cold and hot was hot. Many many choices offered daily. Various themes each night. I read a previous review describing bird droppings during the same week we were there and I can tell you I saw nothing of the sort. Yes, there were a few small birds who took up cleaning crumbs(right after people left their table) from the floor, but the restaurants are open air. The birds had to hurry to get anything to eat because the staff did not let anything sit on the floor for more than 5 minutes.Staff was constantly sweeping and cleaning right after people left their tables.If you starved there, it was your choice. I noted some people roaming around trying to find American food. There is no American food except hot dogs at the beach restaurrant. My question is why would you go to a foreign country and expect your native food???I tried everything and there was maybe one or two dishes I didn't care for. In the scheme of things, that was a very ,very small portion of the offerings. We ate at the buffets daily and at 2 specialty restaurants, the gourmet and La Sibilia. Service was 5 star and food was good and more than enough.Once again, I cannot say enough about the Domincan workers and the attentiveness at this hotel. I dropped a spoon one morning and before I could pick it up there were two waitresses bending over saying No Senora to me not wanting me to touch that spoon.Never had a problem getting drinks from the bar, bartenders were attentive and hard-working. We are not regular drinkers, but did have a few each day. We found the drinks to be very strong, unlike alot of the hotel reviews I read stating the drinks were watered down. Not the case here.Beach was picture perfect as was the weather. No rain during the early day, but did see 10 minutes showers usually in the evening. Warning: Sun is no joke here. Bring ample sunscreen and cover-ups if you are fair because you will get burned very quickly if you are not diligent about applying your sunscrreen frequently.Do not expect to be able to sit on the beach all day in the sun because you are asking for sunpoisoning. Get in the shade if you are not swimming or some other water activity. Beach huts or palpas were hard to come by for us because we went on excursions 3 days in a row, plus we did not run down to the pool or beach at 7a.m. with our towels to reserve like so many did. No problem finding them at the pool.That was annoying because there are signs everywhere telling people not to reserve. You can go to the Towel Hut as many times each day you want to and exchange your wet or sandy towels for fresh ones. Nice service.Enjoyed the ambiance of the hotel environment. There were quite a few families with children, but they never presented a problem for us. International crowd, German, Canadian French, French, Dutch, South Americans, Americans.Did not attend any of the night entertainment as we were usually exhausted from excursions and we are early to bed type-people. Entertainment shows we walked by were very well attended and everyone was laughing and appeared to be having a good time.Went to the casino in the Dominicana, which is mirror of the Punta Cana. Husband won on the slots, which totally shocked me. Never been to a casino so can't compare it to anything, but it was well-attended also.Non-motorized sports is stated as being included with the package as free, but when we went to get snorkel-gear, we were told we could only have it for 1 hour. That left us with basically 45 minutes taking into account the short walk back and forth to the dive shop. My husband went to the gift shop just outside the Dominicana(near the Star Rock Cafe )and purchased a set for 15.00USD.This small mall-type area had a 24hr doctor's office, a pharmacy, a disco, internet cafe and several small gift shops. FYI: If you want to purchase Internet time you must buy it in 30 minute increments at the hotel desk. Went in the evening and never had a problem getting a computer. 5.00USD=30 minutes Internet time.We felt like we definitely got our monies worth at this hotel. Spoke to alot of other people we met on excursions staying at various hotels near us who had complaints either about food, rooms, etc. Can honestly say that we could not complain about anything.FYI: There is a small percentage of topless women at the beach. No one cared or was outraged by it, but be aware of you have small children. (May require an explanation)Tipping: We were told by our Apple rep that tipping was already paid for and not necessary. I read many reviews and did bring 50 USD in ones for tipping. Spent approx. 150.00USD tipping. Bring alot of ones because some people said they could not get any, but we had no problem at the front desk. We tipped bartenders, waitresses, housekeepers, tour guides and bus drivers, etc. Was happy to tip these people because the service was five star. I told my husband it was a joy to tip because it was so appreciated and deserved. Husband had a bout of diarrhea early on and I had a mild case later in the week, but did not disrupt or ruin our trip. Took Immodium and was fine. People tend to blame the food, water, etc. but you must rememeber you are in a different environment on a different schedule eating a totally different diet than you are used to. This alone will cause changes to your body. I can honestly say that I ate healthier there than I do everyday at home due to availability of all the fresh vegs and fruits. I attribute my bout to this. Did not drink any tap water, as we were warned. Drank tons of water in the restaurants and bottled water else where. Still believe the short stint of diarrhea had nothing to do contracting some type of bacteria from a food or water source.Do not hestitate to book this hotel...you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>trainfriend
<Content>Let down at Iberostar Punta Cana.       Buffet lines beneath exposed beam ceilings  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	4	2	4	5	1	

<Author>lasommerstar
<Content>A Family Affair This was a large, clean hotel with a lovely reception area and grounds. We arrived late and therefore welcomed what we saw after a long day of travel as we looked forward to finally starting our vacation. Upon check-in the staff was a little confused (we know very little Spanish) but, after a lengthy wait, we got through it. Forget the ole' I was here first rule. It seemed that anyone could walk up while you were being waited on and easily distract the person waiting on you at the time. I kinda didn't like that but realized it may be cultural? Afterall, it's vacation, right? Speaking of cultural, there were a lot of German and French guests, (families). I'll leave that alone.The room was clean and we could hardly wait to rise the next morning to enjoy the pool, ocean and good food and drinks!We realized we forgot something once out of the room...we forgot KIDS! Funny thing, we left them home on purpose and, here there were families galore. This wasn't what our doctor ordered for RR. Don't get me wrong, kids are cute and they are our future America but, I didn't want them taking over my vacation. They would step over and around you while you sat poolside. They would show-out and dive although there were no diving signs. The parents would applause while Grandma and Grandpa looked on. You sometimes couldn't get a seat at the bar because they (kids) were ordering pina coladas and any other concoctions they could think of while the parents gleed in adoration. That's when I realized we weren't at the right hotel (for us) when you ask for a cocktail at the bar, and they'd ask, With rum? You couldn't get on a computer because they (kids from 9+) were there. The teenagers were in the game area and roaming in gangs, I mean groups with their funny hair and attitudes. The todlers had their strollers parked in doorways at their beckon. So, you remember that you're on vacation and you try and get away from these little darlings because certainly there's plenty of space around the large meandering pool for everyone, right? They somehow seem to love us and want to splash, dive and scream around us. There so cute. However, it's just something about a todler in a pool in a diaper that scares me.As for the entertainment, (when we were there) was also geared towards the youth. There was the Dominican version of Lion King, which was cute. A talent show. Aren't kids and their parents talented? There were sightings of Batman, and Spiderman at the pool and around the hotel but we missed the photo opportunity. If you are looking for a vacation to take the kids (of any age) this is a safe, clean, lovely hotel. You'll be greeted with an orange flavored, non alcoholic slushy drink upon arrival that the kids will truely enjoy. However, it wasn't for us...thank you very much.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>2	4	5	3	4	2	4	3	

<Author>Foxey-7
<Content>Lovely resort 5 of us have spent 15 days at this hotel and were totally satisfied with all the amenities provided. We were upgraded to Junior Suites and found these very spacious, very clean and very well situated. We had no problems booking for the speciality restaurants which were all very nice, also the food in the buffet was very good and lots of choice at all mealtimes. All the staff were pleasant and smiling, the evening shows were well presented, the entertainment team give their all to keep the guests happy. The gardens are to be seen to be believed, everywhere is beautifully lanscaped. Personally I did not rate the beach so highly it was too crowded and the gradient into the sea was too steep. To the hotel I give top marks.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SimonDee
<Content>Excellent 5 star Hotel - great service  My wife and I stayed here for 1 week (April/May '07) and really enjoyed the stay. The staff, the room and the whole resort was very, very good. The Room - very large with 28 TV channels, mini bar, marble bath room and very good a/c. Views weren't great (only a few rooms have a sea view) but other than that the room was perfect. It's worth tipping the maid a couple of dollars a day for extra towels and water.The Food - plenty of different places to eat but you need to book for some of them - I suggest doing this on the first day. Food was good quality and they had almost everything - steak, Mexican, fruits, soups, breads, pizza, sandwiches, fresh cheese and meats, oriental - you name it, they had it..! We were told to avoid the green salad - which we did.The Drinks - The local beer is ok, the wine was terrible!! Everything else was fine, cocktails are the way forward...!We were not sick at all while we were there, but others were. Avoid green salad and too much local fruit, including the fruit in cocktails.The Hotel  Staff - I have stayed in this part of the world before and 5 star is never 5 star..! In this case it was. Every part of the hotel was spotless - staff were everywhere cleaning and making sure the place looked and felt good - very helpful and friendly. The staff work very long hours and work 12 days on, 3 off, and they all live miles away from the resort - a small tip here and there goes along way.The Beach  Pool - both excellent. People reserve beds early so put your towel out before breakfast..! If you want drink service to your sun bed get a bed close to the pool.Weather - very hot, no rain while we were there - average about 30 degrees.Entertainment / night life - The entertainment on the resort was not to our taste. The 'Rock Cafe' and 'Nightclub' were deserted and not very good, although they were trying...! There was plenty of family fun for the kids and staff asking people to dance in the other areas of the hotel but generally it was the staff entertaining and a little repetitive. There was however a Pascha night club in the hotel next door which you could go to - you have to pay for entry and drinks but it's much busier and worth it if you fancy a night out. Generally, after all the sun, food and drink the lack of night life wasn't a problem for just one week..!Tours - we didn't do any tours at all..! We were however advised to select carefully as this is a very poor country and all the locals are out to make a quick buck. There were several tour organizers within the hotel so you should use them.Tips and bartering - We tipped a dollar a day to each staff member that looked after us for drinks and 2 dollars to the maid each day. Each purchase in the shop we also tipped a dollar after each purchase. They don't earn much and they work very hard.Summary - If you're looking for a relaxing week in the sun as a couple then this place is perfect. If you're a family then you'll enjoy the entertainment and food choices, not really for singles or couples looking for a good night life.This was exactly what we were looking for and was perfect.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DomRepShrewsbury
<Content>Brilliant Holiday My husband and I have just spent 2 weeks at this hotel. After reading mixed reports on Trip Advisor before we travelled I had to post a review to say how good our holiday was.The hotel was brilliant, very clean, staff were incredibly friendly and I would find it extremely hard to criticise anything about it.The hotel grounds are kept immaculate and it was wonderful to see flamingos and peacocks roaming around. The rooms are adequate (nothing special), but cleaned to a high standard every day. The mini bar in our room was stocked daily with beer, soft drinks and water, but refreshments are available at all times of the day in the various bars/restaurants.The location was great, hotel is situated right on the beach - we were always up early so didn't have a problem securing a sunshade i.e 6.30/ 7.00am.Food was above average, good choice at lunchtime between organised beach bbqs and beachfront snack bar. We visited 3 a la carte restaurants (mexican, gourmet, steakhouse) and would definitely recommend the steakhouse which we visited twice. Would also recommend the Star Rock Cafe which is like an American Diner. The bars also had a wide range of international branded drinks so we never struggled with what drink to try next.Lots of activities going on everyday - Animations Team do a fantastic job and its worth giving some of the activities a go i.e. archery, rifle shooting, aerobics etc.We did the Outback Safari trip which we would recommend as it gives you an insight into the real Dominican Republic.We met a lot of people and thorougly enjoyed our holiday, but on the downside quite a few people were ill, from stomach upsets to chest infections, but it was impossible to actually pinpoint the causes of such illnesses. I was fine, but my husband had an upset stomach but nothing that immodium didn't put right for him. I ate salads, drank water in restuarants, had ice in my drinks and I was absolutely fine.The Domincan people are so friendly and I would definitely return to this hotel and recommend it to my friends and family.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>droct12
<Content>nice beach,bad food This was my first time to D.R Punta cana, and it was not good. We were expecting to have a fare time since we got a good price. We booked this trip along with 30 other people from my fiance's work. The food was not good, and we had to make revservations! We tried to make reservations the first day we were there and the only time they would give us was 930 pm! That was the only time they had open at all the 5 al a carte resaurants. We ended up eating at the buffet at 4 pm and then again at 9pm. Let me tell you the food at the buffet was like prison food. The coffee was horrible, and off the resort the coffee was the best I have ever tasted. It was february and the beach and the pool were crowded every day. We had to go out to the beach at 8am to get a loung chair. The room was definately not what I was expecting. Hard beds, musty smelling, and hot. Thank god I got a tan, that was the only good thing about our vacations! Not one person in our whole group had a good trip.  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vanessa971
<Content>Had a Fabulous Holiday at Iberostar Punta Cana This hotel had everything spot on. There was everything there that you could want. Everything was taken care of and you didn't need to think of anything for yourself it was all in hand from the staff. Service is fantastic in the buffet restaurant, your table is cleared immediately and your glass is never empty. Some of the staff do not speak good english so it is worth learning some basic spanish. If you are single girls travelling alone, you will get a lot of attention from the locals both at the hotel and outside. They will all want to date you! Every kind of food you could wish for. Rooms are really clean and spacious. Good place for couples, families. Probably only singles If you are a girl !! The majority of the people here are families and couples, so if you are a single female, be prepared to fight the men off!!  We met some really nice people when we were there so that helped make our holiday.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>emily1108
<Content>This is my favorite place, and I've been everywhere! We love Punta Cana and we love this hotel! The beach is beautiful (plenty of paylapas for shade), the food is sensational, the rooms are very clean, it seems very secure, and most importantly, the staffare so incredibly friendly!!! This is my third stay at this hotel (wegot married at the hotel three years ago), and we will continue to return. I've stayed at other hotels in Punta Cana and been to other resort destinations in the Carribean, and this hotel has set the standard of excellence for me. We went through Apple Vacations, and there were absolutely no problems, and our hotel representitive, Lisa, was awesome. A great place for couples and families!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chris72206
<Content>Great Resort        Bathroom  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Ms.Makita
<Content>Beautiful Place!!!!!!! My family (myself, husband and 11 year old daughter) loved this resort! We had a blast! Just came back from Spring Break there! Our room was nice and well attended- fridge was well stocked and our maid folded lovely towel animals for us! The pool areas were always hopping with activities, and the beach was fabulous! We ate at 3 of the Gourmet Restaurants! Definately try the Gourmet one... delicious grilled lobster. The Steakhouse was just okay and the Caribbean/Brazilian one was not too good! Get involved in the fun... air rifles, horseshoes, archery, golf, games, etc. and have some fun! Some of the shows are wonderful and not to be missed, and others, well... take them in and you decide! Overall, this resort was a beautiful place to vacation! Have FUn!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JayNY7
<Content>Culturally Insensitive Staff Ruined Our Vacation My wife and I stayed at the Iberostar Punta Cana from March 22, 2007 through March 26, 2007 to celebrate our first anniversary as a married couple. We were very upset on our last night at the resort after seeing a portion of Ms. Iberostar pageant/show that was held at the Dominicana theatre. There were four female 鈥渃ontestants鈥?on stage, presumably selected from the audience. One of the contestants was a young woman of Asian descent from the United States. My wife and I were very insulted when the 鈥渉ost鈥?of the show repeatedly referred to the young woman as 鈥淜awasaki鈥? He had the young woman take small steps across the stage, clasp her hands together and bow to mimic stereotypical geisha girl movements. He did not make any of the other women, who were from Switzerland, England and Germany engage in action that made fun of their culture or country of origin, even though he had the young Asian woman do so. The host also had each woman act out a skit, where each woman was to act the role of Maria, whose husband comes home to find her in the arms of another man. When it was the Asian woman鈥檚 turn to play the role of Maria, the host asked her to act out a 鈥渒ung fu鈥?version of the skit. This request was benign in comparison to what happened next. The 鈥渁ctor鈥?who came out on stage to portray the husband, appears with eyes closed/slanted, buck teeth, a geisha styled wig and a kimono. Needless to say, my wife and I were shocked and angry and left the show immediately. This 鈥渋mpromptu鈥?skit 鈥?we will give the resort the benefit of the doubt that their staff does not make fun of Asians on a daily basis 鈥?was ill-conceived, insensitive and certainly, not entertainment when it serves to promote destructive stereotypes with its international guests and ruin the vacation of its patrons. We cannot recommend this resort to other guests. Nor will we recommend this resort to our family, friends or our business associates after this horrible experience.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>sbass523
<Content>Can't wait to go Back! April 9, 2007 Thank you to Trip Advisor, I want to give back. 34 of us, 8 Families, 15 adults, 19 teenagers just got back from 7 days of Spring Break and we had a blast. We went through apple vacations and I highly recommend it.The resort is magnificent and kept up beautifully. Clean and pretty everywhere. Beautiful wherever you look. Palm trees, birds, ducks, a rooster named George, parrotts, peacocks. 2 kids out of 34 people got sick and 1 was from drinking the tap water.most of us took Florastar before and while we were there.We left out of BWI on USA 3000: hassel free, fast  smooth check in, friendly and they feed you. Unbelievable!Arrived in Punta Cana to a beautiful airport. Everyone pays a $10 CASH entrance fee. We met our Apple Rep and because of our large group had a private bus. We were briefed on the bus about the resort ect., no time wasted.CHECK IN:Language is a barrior and if you know Spanish or can learn a few words before you go you will fine. Most of the staff speaks and understands only Spanish. Rooms are ready at 3pm but ours were ready before. Take any bags with you that have important things in them. They put your room # on all bags at check in when you get you room #. One person lost his meds and it took them 2 hours trying to locate the meds because of the language problems. I got on the phone and found the bag in 2 minutes. Everyone gets a yellow band- entitle you to drinks, casino and disco. If you don't want your kid to drink get them a red band, but if they are over 16 they can get into the disco.ROOMS: Big and beautiful with porch or balcony. Bottled water, beer and soda in refrigerator. Water was all sealed- don't listen to people about unsealed bottles. A gallon jug of sealed water is on the floor to be used to brush teeth, take meds, ect.DONT DRINK THE WATER! Bring imodium  Pepto just in case. Tipping a dollar or 2 a day go a long way. Maid service is excellent. Washcloths were available daily, don't have to bring them.RESTAURANTS: Bring a bottle of your favorite salad dressing. All they have is thousand island or oil  vinegar. Buffets are plentiful but not Americanized. Not alot of sugar in anything. Make reservations for the restaurants immediately. Lobster, Asian and Steak were our favorite. Men will love the Steak Rest., you can wear shorts. Kids loved the mexican. At the Asian- the hors'deurves are great and we all didn't like our dinners. Water in restaurants in fine to drink.Restaurants are never crowded, try to get in without reservation to the tropical one at the beach. That's frustrating! You'll see they have about 20-30 people in them.ENTERTAINMENT: The DISCO is hopping every night until 3 am. The Casino was small and the deals and Pit Boss were nasty. They speak no English. People did win on the slots though, forget about black jack. We got picked up and brought almost every night to The Tower Casino. It's a 10 minute ride and they are really friendly and it's 10X the size. They send a car for you. Shows nightly, very good. Stuff going on all day pool side and at the beach. Big beach party on Thursday nights.BEACH: The water and beach are one of the most beautiful we have seen. Bring lots of sunscreen. Get out by 8 am to get a Palapa by the ocean and chairs by the pool. Dominica pool is livlier. Motorized water sports sign up early.SPA: I had pedicure and it was an old fashioned wonderful kid. $25. My friend had a massage and liked it.Golfing: The Men went 4 days and loved all 4 placesTRIPS: 21 people went on a snorkeling trip from 12- 6pm and loved it. With Sharks and stingrays, floating bar at end. 8 boys went on an ATV trip and said it was better than anyother Island we had ever done ATV's on.Hope this all helps!!!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	4	3	

<Author>Columbus_Ed
<Content>Beach Paradise My girlfriend and I just returned from 6 days at the Iberostar Punta Cana (late March 2007). I will direct my comments to both the Iberostar Punta Cana and the Iberostar Dominicana, since both are 99.99% identical, and share 100% of the common facilities such as pools, beach, staff, and restaurants.This will be a very detailed commentary! I benefited much from reading the reviews here, so I wanted to offer my contributions.SMILE: If I could offer one tip only, it would be to wear your smile always. You wouldn鈥檛 believe the warmness of the DR people once you show them that you respect them and their country, and show them some warmth. If you give a smile and a sincere and warm Hola! to any employee you see, their faces immediately turn warm and sunny right back at you. The DR culture is much warmer than ours; unfortunately, some guests treated the employees unkindly, and it was shameful behavior. We couldn鈥檛 help but notice that certain guests just barked beer orders; who can wonder why they weren鈥檛 given the best service? (Who would act that way at your local grocery store? No one that I know.) Showing some true friendliness paid huge dividends.PACKING: You can get general packing tips everywhere, so I will just offer these three categories of observations from just having returned:(1) What we brought that was invaluable: Gigantic thermos mugs (like 鈥淏ubba Kegs鈥? although I bought generic ones for $4.50 each that were perfect). These were used for purified ice water down on the beach, and they kept it COLD all day. Also used for Presidente (beer) later in the day. (The plastic 10 oz. beer glasses they give you let the beer get warm after only a minute.) These large thermos mugs were priceless! {Don鈥檛 rinse them out in your room sink! Use the buffet water dispenser; it鈥檚 OK to do so.} Also: sunscreen. If you are fair skinned, use SPF 50 (no kidding). Books for the plane and for beach relaxation, if inclined. Earplugs for the plane ride (priceless ! ! !). Lots of US $1 bills. (You can鈥檛 have enough.)(2) What we brought that was worthless: I brought 3 swim trunks and only needed one. (My girlfriend probably could have gotten away with maybe two, I鈥檓 guessing.) Don鈥檛 over-do the swimwear. Also (as a guy), shampoo  conditioner. They have some (very) generic stuff in the shower; it鈥檚 good enough (unless you are fussy). Also: hairdryer: My G/F is a hairdryer person, and she never used either the one she brought or the one in the room. It鈥檚 the tropics; your hair will dry quickly. (Plus it鈥檚 breezy; just go with the wild look.) Also: Binoculars. Someone suggested to pack them, so I did. Never left the bag. (You would look like a pervert on a semi-topless beach with binoculars; do not bring them.) For women: High heels (leave them at home); For men: more than one pair of full trousers (you鈥檒l only have your one pair on for 2 hours a day at most, and this after sun down). A collapsible beer cooler (not necessary). A washcloth. (They had them.)(3) What we didn鈥檛 bring that might have been nice: Inflatable neck pillows (like what you see sold for airplane use) for the beach loungers. (They didn鈥檛 prop high enough to make reading easy.) Portable music player, such as an ipod or similar, for private beach tunes. Inflatable ball for an impromptu game of 鈥渃atch鈥?in the ocean.DEPARTURE: Three comments. 1. Expect it to take up to an hour to get back to the airport, and then expect it to take two hours to get your bags checked. That鈥檚 right, what took 55 minutes total upon arrival takes 3-4 hours upon exit. Trust me. It鈥檚 not because 鈥渢hey are slow鈥? it鈥檚 because they are understaffed. Once we did make it to the counter, we found the employees to be very efficient, friendly, and overall quicker and more pleasant than what we see in most American airports. They just don鈥檛 have enough people working the counter (compared to what we are used to in the states).BOOKING: I booked through CheapCarribean.com, and paid roughly $1350 for 6 days  nights for air  ground transportation plus the resort stay. I thought that was a good deal, considering all that you get for your money. Booking, confirmations, and airline experience all went without a worry.WEATHER: #1 tip: do not worry (as I did) about weather.com calling for rain every day. Yes, it rained every day - for about 25 seconds! Then it was picture perfect beautiful for the rest of the day. (Even if you get sprinkled on for half a minute, you won鈥檛 care, because it dries the next minute.) Don鈥檛 worry! Of our 6 days, we did have one day where it rained on  off for a few hours, but even then we spent the whole time on the beach reading under the cover of the palapa (grass shade umbrella) without a care in the world. (Don鈥檛 worry!)STAFF: Wonderful! I can not imagine a resort in America with people as nice as we found here. BEACH: Perfect. Soft white sand, everyone barefoot, no litter, no seaweed, no loud-mouth people ruining the serenity, activities available closer to the resort side (only if you are interested), quietness just a few paces away. There are some topless people around, but they are the minority, and no one cared. The ladies are careful to put the tops on when they leave their beach chaises, so if you have small kids and keep them near the pool, you wouldn鈥檛 even know. People do reserve loungers in the mornings with towels, but it is a fact of life here, and not a bad thing. (There are a million loungers; you can find one.) We were usually at the beach at 8:30, and no one ever beat us to our favorite seats (just in front of the massage hut), so we鈥檇 put the towels down, go have breakfast, and be back in an hour or so. Don鈥檛 be consternated by this; everyone does it, and you probably will, too. We are creatures of habit, and it is nice to go back to your favorite roost. (If you can鈥檛 get 鈥測our spot鈥?for a day, no worries, there are other nice spots, too.) Again, just 鈥済o with the flow鈥? My only surprise was that the 鈥渟cene鈥?ended much earlier than I would have expected. Between 5-6 PM, two-thirds of the guests vanish and don鈥檛 come back. By 6PM there鈥檚 almost no one on the beach - even though it鈥檚 still light out! This amazed me.ROOM: Many reviews would have you believe that you would be best to automatically ask for an upgraded room without even seeing it first. This led me to believe that 鈥渕aybe the older rooms are spotty?鈥? but we found them just fine. We had a run of the mill Punta Cana room (#5017) towards the pool side, ground floor, supposedly in the older section, and it was just lovely. No issues whatsoever. No A/C dripping, no ants, no noise (whatsoever!) from neighbors, again, no issues at all. Tiled floor, marbled bathroom, clean linens as needed, fridge stocked, only a 2-3 minute stroll either to beach or to buffet, who could ask for more? We tipped $2-$5 per day, usually with a brief note in Spanish saying either just Gracias! or occasionally making a minor request. All requests were honored. These ladies work their tails off, and do a great job. We had ground floor near the pool, and it was quiet as a museum at night. All rooms have a balcony with a white plastic table and two chairs. Inside, there is a TV with about 25 channels (CNN is ch. 10), there鈥檚 ESPN, a few local 鈥渂ig three鈥?feeds from NYC, and a variety of non-English options. You shouldn鈥檛 be in your room watching telly here, though! Bed was king sized and on the firm side, but I liked that. Pillows were THIN! I didn鈥檛 mind, but my girlfriend found them to be less than ideal. It鈥檚 no deal-breaker; you get by. Bathroom is clean and functional. We were surprised to see a bidet by they toilet. Shower is exactly the same size you would find in any American Holiday Inn; good enough, but certainly not luxurious (leave the bath bubbles at home). They give you a sealed gallon of pure water for tooth-brushing; use it. Safe in the room costs $2/day and is worth it. When you leave, don鈥檛 forget to leave the safe door open; our room鈥檚 previous guests didn鈥檛, and it required calling 鈥渟eguridad鈥?(security) to come and get it open for us. Your safe key (counter intuitively) stays in a slot INside the safe while you are there; you create your own 4-digit numeric code to open the safe. (Don鈥檛 forget to take your key with you to check-out; we forgot! It鈥檚 easy to do, and no one wants a last minute race back to the room while the bus is waiting.)LANGUAGE: At the reservation desk, they are mostly multi-lingual. I don鈥檛 speak Spanish (apart from about 5-6 common words or phrases), but my girlfriend has taken Spanish in college, and it helped a lot. For you non-Spanish speakers, you will get by just fine only knowing a very few phrases. Most of the laborers (groundskeepers, bus boys) won鈥檛 know much English, but the bartenders sure do, as well as most of the folks who are customer-facing. I found that only a small handful of phrases helped me a lot during my stay, so let me share what little I know (since it sure helped me): - hello (hola, pronounced OllAh, and said warmly at the start of every exchange {with a sincere smile} will get you very far鈥? - goodbye (adios) - yes/no (s铆, no);  - thank you / thank you very much (gracias, muchas gracias),  - good/very good (bueno, muy bueno) - please is por favor,  - good morning, good afternoon, good evening (buenas d铆as, buenas tardes, buenas noches) - one, two, three, four (uno, dos, tres, cuatro), - beer is cerveza,  - 鈥渉ow much鈥?(as in 鈥渉ow much money does this T-shirt cost鈥? is 鈥渃u谩nto?鈥?  - con leche means 鈥渨ith milk鈥?(for your coffee; so two coffees, one black and one with cream is 鈥渄os caf茅s, uno con leche鈥?;  - the word 鈥渁nd鈥?is 鈥測鈥?(pronounced 鈥渆e鈥? (That was all I learned鈥?BEACH BAR: Opens somewhere between 11-12 noon as far as I could tell. (It is a beach resort, so everyone is at the pool or beach by 10:30 at the latest anyway.) We never hit 鈥渉appy hour鈥?before afternoon anyway (although some die-hards were able to find drinks early!). The beach bar stays open until later (after 8 PM), although the beach scene died down way before that. TWO TIPS: 1. there is purified clean water (as well as soda and juices) at the beach-facing side of the bar; no lines, just walk up and help yourself. (We did not expect this convenience.) 2. The grille-facing north side of the beach bar is where you will get faster beer or mixed drink service, even if the line seems longer. (They serve those customers first.)ALCOHOL: It is an all-inclusive, so I鈥檒l bet that many of you are planning on having a few drinks, so let me talk a little about what you can expect. ROOM FRIDGE: Expect 2-3 bottles of 鈥淟a Bohemia Especial鈥?(your run of the mill lager), plus 2-3 coke/diet cokes, waters (sparkling, which I found an odd choice), and maybe the odd orange soda or sprite. (Leave a couple bucks on the nightstand with a note saying 鈥淐ervezas 鈥?gracias!鈥?and they will give you 2-3 a day, although you won鈥檛 need them, because there are bars all around.) BARS: The draft beer here is Presidente, and it is similar to Miller/Miller Lite. It鈥檚 all right; nothing special, not bad. They specialize in tropical / rum type drinks, and they have about 6-8 on the menu (although they will deviate from the drink menu if you ask). You will see people having such drinks as Pina Colada, Cuba Libre (rum  coke with a little lime wedge, pronounced KOObah Libreh), Tequila Sunrise, Coco Loco (a less-sweet pina colada), the Iberostar (tasty at first but toooo sweet to finish) among others. Try them all, but not in one sitting! We鈥檇 have at most a few tropical drinks over the course of the afternoon / evening, but (as a beer guy) I stuck with el Presidente for the most part. TIPPING: Never required, but it helps. These people are dirt poor, so just factor in $75-$100 per week in your budget to reward these hard working people. (They SO appreciate it!) Example: night one, at the Dominicana show bar, I tipped $1 every couple drinks or so. Good service, no complaints. Night two, I put a $5 on the bar before I even sat down, and Holy Cow!, did this guy sure develop ESP. Treated me and my girlfriend like royalty. I saw others wait while we were served without even asking. (Sure, you鈥檒l still get your cerveza without tipping, but if you do tip, they treat you like you are Sinatra. Worth it.) Don鈥檛 only tip the beer-pushers; the bus boys  other lower visibility workers sure deserve it, too.FOOD: No stomach problems whatsoever, and that鈥檚 for both of us (and everyone else we spoke with). Plenty of potable water everywhere. You have two main buffets (Punta Cana side and Dominicana side), plus a beach side buffet, plus a few other miscellaneous restaurants. We liked the Mexican restaurant (G/F had the seafood option and loved it), Steakhouse (steak a bit overdone, as true of most all meats). The Great: good variety. G/F loved the quality of the breads. They have Nutella for breakfast. Good omelettes. Tasty seafood (go to the far back of the beach side lunch buffet). On two nights, AMAZING fajitas of shrimp, beef, and other choices; (if you see a guy heating fajita tortillas, STOP and have MANY - they were really awesome). The Good: something for everyone. No stomach problems. Salads always available. You could even always get a burger, hot dog, fries, or (tasty!) D.R. pizza for lunch, if you are not adventurous. The Bad: Really, nothing; although I might get bored after 2-3 weeks (theoretically). At the cold cuts station, some of the sliced cheeses looked a little past their prime. Sometimes, there were (surprisingly many) options that I didn鈥檛 recognize at all (and I have traveled to over ten countries over 25 years). Be a sport and try a few things! It鈥檚 all good food, after all. Different, but good. I only avoided things like mayo not being stored over ice or thin sliced cheese that looked less than fresh.SMOKING: I over-packed cigarettes, because I didn鈥檛 know of the availability of them on the resort. They can be bought the cheapest at the hotel gift shops (there鈥檚 one each on the Punta Cana and Dominicana sides, with the Dominicana one being bigger  better). Expect packs of Marlboros to go for $3.50 at the gift shop, but $5 at any of the bars. (Smokes can be bought from behind the bar at the two main lobby bars and at the beach bar.) Bic lighters go for US $2.04 in the gift shop. (Just bring matches for the Punta Cana airport, which is open air, and so allows smoking almost everywhere - just step some feet away from crowds  kids to not be a bother.) There is smoking allowed pretty much everywhere on the resort. The northern halves of each of the two main buffets are 鈥渘on-smoking鈥? but the smokers are only 20 paces away. However remember that it鈥檚 all open air (no walls!) and there鈥檚 a constant breeze, so it never 鈥渃louds up鈥?the way it might in enclosed places. Even in the enclosed disco, it never got bad. (The enclosed casino, on the other hand, sort of reeked, and I am a smoker.)NIGHT LIFE: My only bummer. (And I am not even a big night life person.) There isn鈥檛 much to do, so everyone tends to do the same thing. Let me give you the typical night. 5:30 PM, everyone leaves the pool/beach and retires to the room for a shower. 7:30-8:30 everyone has dinner. The show is at the Dominicana side at 9:00 or so, so everyone goes there. The Dominicana side bar has all the action until 10:30 when the show ends. Just like the beach five hours before, everyone suddenly disappears from the MAIN bar at 10:30 (huh???). (No kidding; they start to dismantle the 鈥渇ruity drink鈥?machines between 10:30  11 PM). At this point, you have three options: 1. go to bed, 2. go to the casino if you gamble, or 3. go to the 鈥淒C鈥?disco. (I went to the disco nightly.) Expect a younger crowd, although a Spanish couple in their mid 50s won a disco dancing contest there (up against 4 couples half their age). You will go to the DC. There, go to the back bar for drinks; the line is a fourth as long as at the entrance bar. Expect mostly entertaining latin-caribbean-techno; I normally dislike 鈥渢echno鈥? but the local flavor of it made it entertaining. Besides the DC, there is the 鈥淪tar Rock Caf茅鈥? I can not recall ever seeing more than ten people in this wasted expanse in my week鈥檚 stay. You can probably get a drink at either of the main lobby bars after 11:30, but expect the scene to be sparse, and expect to be given the vibe that the bartender is waiting for you to leave. This was the only bummer of the Iberostar experience. Go here for the beach, not the night life. (And I rarely go out at home! I just did not expect the whole resort to collectively pass out at 10:30 PM.)ATTITUDE: Go here expecting to have a nice time, and you will have a fabulous time. We saw some people complaining about the tiniest detail (to the wrong employee, usually), always getting their backs up, and we just couldn鈥檛 understand that disposition. Relax, slow down, put on a smile, and you will have an absolute blast.OVERALL / MISC: What an awesome place! We would be happy to go back. We ** REALLY ** enjoyed the palapas, which is Spanish for 鈥減alm tree鈥? but here they mean man-made shade huts on the beach, perfect for sheltering two chaise lounges from either the sun or the rain, and NOTE that none of the nearby resorts {including all five RIUs) had them AT ALL; we couldn鈥檛 believe it). Huge advantage: Iberostar. I suggest the 30 minute massage (ask for deep tissue, and ask for it to be in the main spa; what a great experience). Reserve a hot tub for 30 minutes (free; reserve at the main spa on Caribbean Street). Perfect beach, nice people, good room and good food, just perfect (for us). Good for families, adult couples, older couples, not great for the 18-24 set. I can not speak to the excursions, as we came for the beach. Don鈥檛 come here expecting a zillion night life options, or you will be let down. (Although we spoke to several others who had almost identical experiences at the nearby RIU complex, so I doubt that the others are much different.) Cancun this is not, and that was OK by us. Enjoy! Contact me with any questions on my comments at (e-mail) ed97643 at fastmail dot fm (note fm like radio and not com). I hope this helped! ~~ Ed  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>liamsmom67
<Content>once again, a great trip to IB PC! This was my 5th trip to either Iberostar Punta Cana or Dominicana. I love it there! The staff are very friendly, and take good care of you. For the first time, I took my 9 year old son along, and he also had a great time. This was my first trip that was NOT in October, the weather was even better (less humid), we had rain 3/5 days, but only for a couple of hours. When it wasn't raining, temps were 80's during the day and upper 70's at night. For the first time in 5 trips I got a pretty bad sunburn.....just wasn't paying enough attention I guess. Housekeeping does a great job keeping rooms and general areas clean; there are usually a few small ants, but nothing bigger than that. The grounds are meticulously kept, as is the beach. The beach by Iberostar is amazing....soft white sand, that never gets too hot on your feet; coral just offshore that has lots of fish to look at. The waves/undertow can get pretty rough, but were never too strong for us.The food is decent, especially if you are willing to try new things. My son never went hungry, and he can be a picky eater. We did avoid the lunchmeats, which are kept out on a tray, and also avoided putting any tap water into our mouths. Plenty of bottled water was available, and we used it, even for brushing teeth. Neither of us has been sick at all.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>nadonl
<Content>Another wonderfull week in Punta Cana.........       Punta Cana pool  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Beachedwhales
<Content>Five star as usual       room  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>touristDetroit
<Content>Very Enjoyable Stay The lodgings were very clean, all the staff very cordial. Six flamingos and one rooster wander the grounds adding personality. Beach, Landscaping Pool are all very convenient. Beautiful grounds. The best bet is to forget the side trips and just enjoy the beach. No vendors bother you on the beach, and are only in selected area.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brickwood
<Content>Had a great time! Just returned from a 7-night stay at the Iberostar Punta cana (3/2-3/9). we flew from phila on USA 3000. The flight to and from Punta Cana was great. We arrived at the airport in Punta Cana at 10:30 and got our luggage quickly. We arrived via coach bus by 12 noon. be prepared for a somewhat rocky ride to the hotel if you have a tendency to get motion sickness. the roads are in need of repair and requires a lot of swerving to avoid pot holes in the roads but we made it. we were greeted by the apple rep and a hotel rep who told us our rooms were ready. they reviewed the grounds and important things about the hotel before sending us off. once we got to our rooms, the phone was ringing. the front desk was making sure our rooms were ok and that we were satisfied. i had e-mailed some specific requests to the hotel directly which they acknowledged they had received. my requests were granted. we stayed in building 5000 on the second floor. it was mid way between the beach and the restaurant. i wish our room had overlooked the pool rather than the back garden but that's ok, we were only in there to sleep anyway. everything about the room was great, king bed and air conditioning. our rooms was always cleaned. we did have to request clean towels for the next morning if only 2 were left at cleaning time. at turn down we left a tip and a note and we received the towels. we really did miss not having wash clothes. we got two on one of the days. i will take some the next time. food was plentiful, actually too much of it. we ate at the buffets each morning, lunch and all but 3 of the nights. we made reservations at the oriental and the gourmet restaurants. both were excellent. the lobster at the gourmet restaurant was delicious. the other night we ate at the Rock Cafe, no reservations are required. it was ok. we found that they used too much garlic on the fish. but we enjoyed the atmosphere and certainly didn't go hungry. the beach and pool was gorgeous. we sat in front of the dominicana each day so that we could watch some of the activities going on around the pool and it was pretty close to the bar. the beer was presidente. I asked for it on ice with lime and found it pretty enjoyable. we were disappointed that the frozen drinks weren't as good as we'd hoped. again, no big deal.As others have stated, the Dominican and PC and are mirrored and you can enjoy both resorts. so go with whichever one gives you the better price.we did some shopping at the market on the beach--make sure you bargain. they start off at a very high price. we also shopped at the strip stores behind the spa, they had a few nice things there. If you bring your cell phone or any other device that has a big plug, go to the store in the hotel, they sell an adapter for $1 so that you can plug in your device.I will admit that I was worried about staying at this resort. We have traveled to PC two other times and Mexico several times. We love the Riu Complexes but wanted to try something different. We were pleased overall and would return. I will mention the only small disappointments we found but certainly didn't stop us from having a good time. 1. they didn't have a swim up bar.2. no room service or coffee makers in the room. If you found coffee prior to 7 AM, it was pretty strong (even stronger than normal). also it would be nice if carafes were available to take the coffee back to the room.3. no way to adjust your temperature in the room. AC was on when the sliding door was closed, and turned off when it was open. i was comfortable but some of our group was cold during the night.4. Irons and ironing boards were only available at the front desk.If you want to go for total relaxation, hot sun, plenty of food, cold drinks and a respect for everyone you will have a great time. I'm glad we tried the Iberostar chain. I would definitely staying at one of their resorts again. 5. no beach service It was a great week and would love to be there now. I will look forward to our next trip.If you have any specific questions, please e-mail me, I will be glad to respond.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Jim_Haf
<Content>Overrated - but nice beaches We booked our vacation to the Iberostar Punta Cana through Funjet (no Fun travelling with Funjet, should just call it Jet).The Iberostar was rated a 5, and after staying there, we would honestly rate it a 3.First, the good: The beaches were awesome. The gounds were pretty well kept. Everything was pretty clean (don't snorkel in the pool, the dirt and hair floating around will gross you out). We had fun on the excursions. Our room was generally clean - mattress not as bad as most all inclusives, pillows thin as postage stamps, but if you get a lot of them, it is acceptable. When lunch was cooked at the beach grill, it was really good. The beach Snack Bar, which doubles as the Steak a la Carte Restaraunt at night, had a pretty good lunch selection, and seemed to have the best food at the beach.Next, the average: The food was o.k., but not a very good variety, and it was mostly bland. Thank goodness for breakfast (you can get good eggs, pancakes, french toast, cheese, and fruit). Drinks were at best average at all the bars except the lobby bar, where you could get some name brand liquor. Maid service was average - our travel companions didn't get their room cleaned for 2 days, but ours seemed to be okay - we tipped each day, but asked for washcloths and extra bottled water. We got neither until we stopped tipping. Room had a real musty smell, which you sort of get used to.Finally, the bad: Despite extraordinary precautions, 3 out of 4 in our party got sick. We did an extensive but informal survey both in our hotel and on the plane, and it seemed like the majority of travellers got sick at some point in their vacation in Punta Cana (7 out of 8, 5 out of 6, 4 out of 4, you get the idea). Advertisements stated that there was a mini bar in each room - mini bar means 2 local beers, 4 waters, and 4 sodas, restocked every other day. We threw away half of the water bottles because the seals weren't sealed. The bath tub in our room was rusty. Air conditioning worked, but no thermostat. The 5 rating on the room is a gross exaggeration - this is a 3 AT BEST. To sum it up - why go to a resort that is advertised as premium or luxury, only to get sick and have an average experience? If the beaches weren't as nice as they were, and our friends weren't as much fun and as patient as they were, I would have asked for my money back. There are much better places to go. I've stayed at my last Iberostar, and won't return to Punta Cana.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	2	2	1	

<Author>tropicmanBayCity
<Content>I'd go back to the Iberostar Punta Cana My wife and I, along with my best friend and his wife, stayed at the IB Punta Cana from 2/25/07 - 3/4/07. Overall, our trip was AWESOME !! Here are my opinions on the various things associated with our trip.The FLIGHT - we booked through Apple Vacations and flew from Detroit Metro non-stop to the DR airport using USA3000 airlines. The flight(both there and back) was exceptional. I fly other airlines during the year and hardly see the amenities that USA3000 provided. Movies were shown(even though it was only a 4 hour flight)and breakfast/lunch(depended on the time of your flight) was provided. It was great leaving Detroit at 7:30 am and being at the resort by 12:30 pm.The CHECK-IN - We were told to request 6000 series rooms since they were newer. We requested these rooms through our travel agent. I reminded the guy behind the desk and he responded with something like Are we friends? I take care of my friends...am I YOUR friend? referring that I should take care of him. I agreed, slipped him a $20 bill and we got our 6000 rooms just as we requested - adjoining next to each other, on the ground floor, non-smoking, just like we requested when we booked the room....I have a sneaking suspicion that we would have gotten those rooms even without the $20 tip !! The check-in was very quick and smooth. We were greeted with punch as we arrived.The ROOM - we requested and received a Jr. Suite. It was much larger than a normal room that others received. It was very spacious, with a patio(balcony if you're not on the ground floor) and the maid cleaned every OTHER day, but made the bed every day. The refrigerator was stocked with beer, water, soft drinks. None of us are drinkers. I do enjoy non-alcholic beer, which the resort had at the bars, but they could not(for some reason) have it in the room refrigerators. A small inconvenience. We hardly used the refrigerator. Our safe worked great, but our friends next door had problems with theirs EVERY DAY. They would have to wait in their rooms and call at 9:00am(when the guy who fixes the safes arrives) each day, which was a major inconvenience. Their safe probably had problems about eight different times.The DRINKS - again, we are not big alcohol drinkers. The bartenders would make whatever you requested(at least what I heard others requesting). The beer they have on tap is El Presidente. They have your Pino Colada pre-mixed along with your soft drinks available. The FOOD - now my disclaimer here is that I AM a finicky eater. My buddy isn't. The food here is very European - very rich in flavor and the food combinations I could not understand - for instance, having tossed salad, but no salad dressings..just plain salad. I would have loved to see a little more American fare. By the end of the week, I was CRAVING potato chips and pretzels !!! Although, I did have my share of french fries during this week !!! They did have hamburgers(which some called steerburgers) and hot dogs(although I did not trust the hot dogs and didn't try them). I'll admit that I did find something to eat at all time, so I didn't starve. The THEMED RESTAURANTS - you get a limited number of times you can go to a themed-restaurant(Oriental, Mexican, Steak house, Tropicale). The buffets are un-limited, but the themed-resaurants a la carte were limited. You would be told that they are sold out, but then you would see that maybe only 30 people were there eating.....didn't make sense.The SERVICE - was EXCELLENT !! The workers there work hard and try very hard to ensure your needs are met. For instance, I wanted a second cup of coffee for breakfast and thought I would just go up and get it myself from the coffee machine..no big deal, right? . A waiter quickly came and told me he would get it for me, and REALLY REALLY wanted me to sit back down and let him get it for me. I thought, Gee, no big deal, I can get it myself, but he felt almost offended that he could not serve me. EXCELLENT SERVICE !!! The POOL - both pools are large, although I didn't take one dip in the pools. All my time was spent on the beach. The BEACH - the most beautiful beach I've been to. I've been to many Caribbean islands and Maui. This one is the best beach I've ever been to. You want to get there early to save yourself a Palupa(umbrella). Get there no later than 7:00 am to reserve your chairs. If you don't care if you get a palupa, then the lounge chairs were plentiful. The waves were calmer than alot of the beaches I've been to. The Apple Rep did say that the other Iberostar on the other side of the island(the Caribbean sea side) has even calmer waters than the Atlantic Ocean side. If we go back to the Dominican Republic, I would like to check out the Caribbean Sea side just for comparison.The ENTERTAINMENT - the Animation Team which they are called put on a different show each night, with most nights having the guests be a part of the show. I volunteered one night to be part of the show and received a complimentary T-shirt. The musicals are very good. Remember, this isn't Broadway or Hollywood, but they do a great job and truly enjoying doing what they do. They closed every night with the same song Dale palla. A very catchy song. They would invite everyone up on the stage and do the line dance to the song as they sang it. I ended up finding that song on a Merengue,Bachata, Salsa CD in one of the shops so I can listen to it back home !! The SHOPS - the Iberostar complex has a few shops on site. You can buy your basics(tshirts, cigars, hats, etc.) There is a string of shops along the beach down a couple hundred yards from the resort as well.Beware -- the Apple Rep told us he could get us a FREE tour downtown. They would pick us up and take us where we could buy tshirts, cigars and other things. The way it sounded, you thought that they would take you to shops(plural). When the van picked us(my wife, me and our friends), they took us to ONE shop where, as soon as the van stopped, we were wisked into the store and the entrance was blocked so we could not leave(or so it seemed).(My wife swears she heard the door get locked). When I asked if they would lower their price of cigars, the business owner boldly declined saying NO DEAL, NO DEAL !!! A BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!!We did go on one Tour - the Outback Safari tour. They took you to various locations, including a real house that people lived in. You could see how the average person in Punta Cana lives. It was a learning experience to see just how poorly the people live, but are very happy. We were told that the average lifespan was to about 100 to 110 years old, due to lack of stress !! (We could learn from these people). The tour also took you to a place where they bottled vanilla extract, coconut juice, etc... The tour ended with us being taken to a beach to swim for 45 minutes. We were told we would go inside a school and see the children, but that never transpired---we were disappointed. The all day tour cost us $80 each. If I had to do it over again, I would have only taken the 1/2 day tour. The full day tour wasn't worth it.and finally....The WEATHER - BEAUTIFUL!! It was about 85 to 87 degrees every day. It only rained the last two evenings (and ONLY the evenings) while we were there. It was probably the hottest and most consistent warmth I've experienced in my travels.It seems that there was more going on at the IB Dominicana than the IB Punta Cana. The theatre where the shows are performed, as well as most of the Theme-resaurants are located at the Dominicana. It was no big inconvenience to walk to them from the Punta Cana side though.I hope this review helps. I would DEFINITELY go back to the Iberostar Punta Cana / Dominicana. We had a real enjoyable time.If anyone wants more info,or has a specific question, feel free to email me at : DGWIZ@AOL.COM . I would LOVE to share more of our experience and to try to help others. I used TripAdvisor prior to our trip and everyone else here was a huge help to us !!!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MarkNorthernIreland
<Content>Food and drink terrible Kenny U.KMy fiancee and I stayed at the Iberostar Punta Cana in June 2006. We had picked this resort as it was advertised as 5 star Prestiage through Airtours. I had stayed in a neighbouring resort Bahia Principe the previous year and it was rated as 5 star also but not as a prestiage resort however it was a world apart. The Iberostar could have been so much better if the food and drink were to be improved. The rooms were great as were the chamber maids who went to great effort to make our stay very comfortable and the small things they did made all the difference along with their hospitality it was first class. Just a pity the management and customer service staff weren't as customer focused( maybe they should swap jobs). The resort as a whole was very clean and the gardens were beautiful and constantly maintained.The location was beautiful as was the beach and the sea really was crystal clear. The down point of the holiday was the food and drink. The restaurants were on a power with the buffet which was horrendous. The same food was on offer most nights and all drinks were local so the beer was terrible. It maybe says it all when the shop in the resort has a mountain of Immodium and Pepto Bismol on sale at the counter and although we brouht plenty of this type of stuff with us being the over cautious British tourists it was not enough and I usually have a stomach of lead. The fridges in the rooms were well stocked however some of the water bottles had their seals broken so we just threw them out. Thankfully we made some great friends their because the entertainment was rubbish as it consisted of tourists getting up on stage and making fools of themselves. At the bar at nights it was difficult picking a drink as the beers were poor the wine was like vinegar and the spirits were just local products which were also poor. The ice must be more expensive than the alcohol as you had to stress the fact you wanted more ice on every visit to the bar. If you want to lose weight this is the place. If you want 5 star go to the next resort up the beach which is The Bahia Principe which is real quality.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Brahma19
<Content>Nice resort............strange dining program! Just returned from a week at the Iberostar Punta Cana, which is an extrordinary facility. Impeccable grounds, beautiful beach, and an excellent staff from room service to wait personel. So why three stars? I arrived late on Sunday the 18th. Got up early Monday to reserve a spot at a theme restaurant. Spoke to a young woman who moved slower than a worm through clay. For the Steak House no reservations until next Saturday...........Had dinner the next night at the beach restaurant with a tropical theme and after dinner walked by the Steak House. Maybe thirty people having dinner. Lots a table cloths and candles,but no customers. Went back the next night at 7:30. Maybe thirty customers. Can I get a table for two,you seemed to have room I inquired? Sorry sir we are full tonight replied the host. This went on all week. When we finally ate at the restaurant, the place was near empty. People would arrive and ask for a table for two,four,etc.............Again, sorry we are full tonight! Iberostar can not be aware of this and something is definetly wrong with the operation.  The staff at the resort could not have been any better with the service, but management is up to something that doesn't make any sense with the theme restaurants.  Nice resort...........................strange dinner program indeed! D.Tebo East Freetown, MA  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>L0uise
<Content>Fantastic family vacation We are a family of 2 adults and 3 kids (age 4, 8, 10). We had previously stayed at the Iberostar Tucan, Mexico and liked the Iberostar 'all round approach'. Some of the IB Punta Cana reviews had worried us but shouldn't have done as we had a wonderful 2 week stay.The rooms were good and we got the interconnecting rooms we had requested by email. Other guests who wanted adjacent rooms etc did not get them so it is worth emailing the hotel direct. The bathrooms were alittle tired but very functional. Our minibar was stocked to overflowing and we only had to remind the maid once.The buffet meals were perfect for a family as they all always want something different and there was always a good choice. We had different foods every night and the lunch time BBQ by the beach was perfect. We didnot bother with the gourmet restaurants but heard they were good.Tipping in the restaurant did increase the speed of service but wasn't necessary. There certainly was a 'caribbean attitude' as the staff did not rush - but I guess we could learn from that. We had been worried about getting sick so we went armed with lots of medication. The only thing we were careful with was not using the tap water to clean our teeth other than that we ate and drank everything and were not cautious at all. We were all fine! The only thing to note is that the sun was very strong and despite using sunscreen factor 50 our kids still burnt!The reception staff were not over friendly but we were still given a free late checkout so the service was good!The kids club was different than the one at the Tucan and initially we were disappointed as the emphasis was much more on the 4 - 8 yr olds. However, this worked out okay as our 8 and 10 year olds dipped in and out of the kids club activities (rifle shooting, archery etc) and made their own friends in the pool. All 3 of our kids joined in two kids club shows in the evening! The mini disco only really suited our 4 year old. The older kids also did more of the 'adult' games such as the 'olympic games', beach games, water polo and bingo. All the family enjoyed the evening shows - a mixture of very good professional shows and the star friends shows.My husband was scuba diving and again found the Dressel divers excellent. Our 8 and 10 year old did the scuba Padi bubble course and that was a great experience and we were very confident with the tuition.The two pools were lovely and not crowded - we changed our pool towels every evening and reserved sunbeds in the shade around 7.30am! The sea was warmer than the pool and clear and it was possible to do alittle snorkelling from the beach.Overall we had a fantastic time - the star friends work so hard and are not intrusive but are there to entertain you if you want to join in. The kids really enjoyed them. The hotel was beautiful and the gardens immaculate with great swimming pools and perfect beach! An all round perfect family vacation!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	4	3	

<Author>warm_weather_seeker
<Content>Had a great time! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Punta Cana for 6 nights. Pool was great, although I should have picked a place w/ a swim up bar. The one waitress that was working only came around twice a day. Food was okay as it is at all the inclusives. Love the Steak restaurant on the beach as well as the Japanese one. Mexican restaurant we could have done w/out. Beach was gorgeous, but you had to get up pretty early to get a spot out there. Shopping was very accesible and unfortunately, I had no problem finding what I needed and spending money! This was the 4th Iberostar hotel that I've been to, so when it came to the nightly entertainment, it was pretty much the same as the other ones. All were kid friendly, some were extremely well put together and other's were fun and involved the audience. Overall it was a great trip. I would definitely love to go back!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>pl0406
<Content>Pleasant Stay At Iberostar Punta Cana We really enjoyed our stay at Iberostar Punta Cana. The beach was just beautiful, our room was nice and the grounds were well maintained. The staff went out of their way to make us comfortable. We had a mishap with our hair dryer and within an hour they had replaced it. We were a little disappointed in the food. The steak house was good though. Overall everything went great. I greatly recommend taking a couple of beach towels to save a chair with. I went down every morning around 7:00 am to save us chairs in the shade and having our own towels made it easier to find our chairs again. The beds were also small but my husband liked to say it was cozy. We would definately visit again.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>schaefky
<Content>Great vacation - would go again!       room  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rodfan
<Content>Okay Went for a get away weekend Feb 9th-12th. Got there at 2:30, room not ready. Front desk staff joking with each other and not really paying attention to us. Not a good first impression. Anway, the grounds are beautiful, beach is wonderful. Pool was great. Room was very nice and clean. My biggest complaint was the food, we ate in one alacarte restaurant and I had to send my food back twice, long story . The buffet's were okay to good, I found stuff to eat. Some staff was very nice, others not so nice. I love Punta cana and will go back again, for a third time, might try the new Ocean Blue next time.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>mrfats
<Content>What a Great Experience!! Four of us stayed at Iberostar Punta Cana from 2/3/07 to 2/10/07. We loved the place! We arrived before noon and both of us was were able to upgrade to jr. suites! Juan at the front desk was most helpful. He managed the upgrade for us.The grounds are unbelievable! Clean and groomed daily. The food is above average. We ate at the Steak House twice, Seafood, and Japanese. I enjoyed the steak house the best. The steak house and carribean restuarant are located outside. The others are in air conditioning. The buffets are pretty much the same every day but enough variety to mix things up.We bought phone cards from our apple representative to call back to the States. They are $15 for 20 minutes. They tell you that there is a connection fee to the hotel for $1.50 a call but we never saw it when we checked out. You can also buy 30 minutes of internet time for $5.00. We did that several times...was never very crowded.The airport is very easy to go through when entering. A little crowded when leaving. We had to catch the bus over 4 hours before our flight but it takes some time to get thru the exit lines.One hint... if you like shade on the beach, you better get there before 7:00 a.m. and lay your towels on the chaises under the huts. They so no reserving but everyone does it.All in all...I'd say an A+.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>par8headwv
<Content>A wonderful Winter Vacation My husband and I just spent a week with friends at the Iberostar Punta Cana in the Dominican Republic. It was everything that I had hoped it would be. We were amazed at how quickly we breezed through the airport. In no time we found our Apple Vacation Rep and we were boarded on our bus headed to the resort. The airport was only about 30 minutes away. Check in at the resort was just as easy. Both couples were upgraded to jr. suites. They were really nice with plenty of room. Our suites adjoined which was great for visiting in the evenings. Breakfast was our favorite meal. There was a variety of startches.....pancakes, french toast, pastries and fresh baked breads. There are several areas that serve lunch and we tried them all. Our motto was never go hungry. We spent from 9am to 6pm each day on the beach. The beaches are beautiful. Early each morning, one of the guys would head down to see the sunrise and to reserve us a cabana so we could have some shade in the afternoons. You could get fresh beach towels by the pool whenever you needed them. We couldn't believe how clean everything was. There weren't even any leaves out of place. The wait staff, the maids and the grounds crews were all very friendly and always anxious to help. There are many activities during the day held on the beach or in the pools. I didn't look for fault with anything on our trip so I was very pleased with the selection that we made. If you are looking, you can always find something to complain about. I would recommend this resort and I would go again. It was a wonderful vacation.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>doofa1
<Content>not so great 2nd time around We stayed at the iberostar punta cana in feb 2006 and loved it so much we returned again this year, having been there twice inside 12 months i think that gives me a very good basis to share our expieriences and give a balanced review, check in and transfer from punta cana airport very smooth, we went with our 2 children 11 and 6 year olds and were given a double room at the back of the hotel facing the rui complex and it smelt very musty and there was black mould in the wardrobes which meant you could not put your clothes in them! not a good start, next morning told the desk i was unhappy with the mould, the smell and the fact that the room was adjacent to the main service entrance which meant constant activity of staff and trucks at all hours of the day, i reminded the man on the desk it was our 2nd visit and a nice favour or reward for our loyalty would have been a swift room change, but no luck a maid was to be sent i was told { which would have happened daily anyway ! } and the problem sorted, well the musty smell was neutralised with some air freshener, black mould remained and we had a small bottle of rum and a thank you card for returning again off the management to soften the blow of no wardrobe! but no room change!, We are adamant that the standard of food has dropped since last year my son who is six was just about to eat a chicken kebab when my wife luckily cut the piece in half to discover it was red raw! this was serious this could have killed him, i was furious and discreetly saw the restaraunt manager who then proceeded to send the grill chef to our table to appolagise like a naughty schoolboy, i thought that was disgraceful to humiliate a grown man like that and also the mistake only happened as they did not have enough chefs on the grill station to cope! i told the chef this and told him it was not his fault, What really angered me was that the manager did not have the [--] to come down and appolagise afterwards, and explain, this was a massive letdown by iberostar for me, A few nights later i found a six inch hair in my piece of roast pork! and with the standard of food much lower than last year anyway i was not having a good time!BAR SERVICE, sorry iberostar but you have let me down again! 5 times on different days you had no bottles of bohemia in the lobby bar of the punta cana! and we had to go to the dominicana that is 5 times too many! especially to an englishman who loves his beer, we were forced to go to another bar in the sister hotel to drink, we were not staying in the dominicana, we were staying at the punta cana, this is not good enough iberostar. What you should have done was send someone over to the dominicana and got a case of beers from there as we were not the only ones let down by this incompetance, Matilda is by far and away the best waitress and even if you dont tip (we always do) she will look after you like gold dust, as for the others they have come round to the american method of little and often, in other words if you dont give them a couple of dollars after two rounds of drinks they wont come back to your table again! we prefer to tip big 20 dollars at the end the day if they have looked after us! waitresses take note you blew 20 bucks by single dollar hunting and not coming back to our table!THE GOOD BITS! the hotel grounds and beach are on a par anywhere in the world beautiffully kept, the ocean and sand are awesome better than riviera maya!you can go off the complex and it is safe! safer than usa uk canada etc, dont let hotel tell you different as they want you to blow your money in the rip off shop!FUN BUGGY this is the best trip on the island, we have been on numerous monster trucks outbacks, marinarium etc believe me this is the best of them all, book with the lovely belgian lady down by the towel collection point she does the tour bookings under the parasol and they are cheaper than reception, FINALLY please dont think i am a moaning git who cant be pleased, we gave this hotel max marks last year and i say it how it is like it or lump it, its no good me lying as this review site is read by all the hotels and if negative comments arent made they can not iron the problems out, In summary this is a lovely hotel and resort i just feel complaicancy has cut in and it needs to be eradicated before it slips down the slide too fast to do anything about it! COME ON IBEROSTAR YOU ARE BETTER THAN THIS.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	4	3	5	3	4	

<Author>pittsburghbeachlover
<Content>Iberostar Punta Cana, Wonderful time!! Grounds are beautiful, we stayed in room 6308.It was a Jr. suite in the newest bldg at the resort.If your looking for a nicer room go to Bravero, but wewere satisfied as we were only in room to sleep.We were there from Jan. 29 to Feb. 5thWeather was terrific!! The people that workthere are very friendly. Same people that workservice in daytime, also star in shows at night.Some were actually very good. The Broadway showwas the best that we saw, but we didn't see every one.We were able to reserve 3 dinners, we went to, Beef Steak,Tropical, and LaSibila. The best by far was Lasibila which isa 5 course meal with lobster being the main couse!!The others were average, just like the buffets, but thenagain, we didn't go there for the food we went for someRest, Relaxation, and fun in the sun and that's what we got!!We also did 1/2 day tour Outback Safari, I would highly recommend this as we had a wonderful guide and terrific time!!Hope this helps, you can not go wrong staying at this resort!Have Fun and don't forget the sunscreen!!PS I heard if you give person at front desk $20 cash you can get an upgrade to your room  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>painterman52
<Content>very relaxing My wife and I stayed at the end of Jan. for 7 days. This was our 5th time to D.R. We go to relax. I know what to expect when I get there because I`ve done some research. The hotel is very well kept. We love to walk the beach. This beach is perfect for that. The food was very good and very plentiful. We could only get one ala carte at a reasonable time. So book right away. There were a couple of things that needed fixing and they were taken care of in a reasonable amount of time. The lanquage was no problem. I don`t go on vacation to make friends with the maids and gardeners.The hotel was very full but there were plenty of loungers. If you want a specific spot, get out by 7. Thats the way its been everywhere I`ve been. If you treat people with respect you get it right back. I had a great time here and would love to go back.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>mandy-68
<Content>people are very different! 1st class in my opinion               
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amberm1
<Content>Not recommended The Background: I travel quite a lot, 17 weeks last year. I've been to places like China, Australia, Mexico, Cuba, Turkey, Greece, Indonesia, Samoa, etc. I've done a couple of all-inclusives, some youth hostels, but mostly $100-$120 per night chain hotels. For this trip, I was with a group of 26 people for my brother-in-law's wedding. We had to book 6 months in advance and had to pay full price, so this was probably the most expensive trip I've ever taken (for 1 week). This resort is advertised as 4.5 star, but it's more like a 3 star. It's clean, the food is decent and that's about all it has going for it. The beds were horribly uncomfortable, on par with what I have experienced at youth hostels. There are over 2000 people between the IB Punta Cana and the IB Dominica. These are actually the same resort. If your room number starts with a 5, you're at the Punta Cana. If your room number starts with 4, you're at the Dominica. All the facilities are shared. Not that you can go over to the other and use their facilities, all the facilities are in the middle and there's no distinction between them. The pool area and beach front is about the same size as places I've stayed which only hold 500 people. The pictures posted were obviously taken early in the morning, because this place is extremely overcrowded. You have to line up for everything: the bar, the bathroom, towels, the buffet, the desk to reserve restaurants... They do have plenty of lounge chairs, but you may not get one exactly where you want (in the shade on the beach, or in the sun on the shallow side of the pool, etc). They did have palapas on the beach for shade, which most of the other resorts on the beach did not. And the disco was pretty good because A) Too many people is a good thing when it comes to nightlife, and B) Nobody could sleep anyway because of the beds.Service:Terrible. Generally, hotels either have a guy take you to your room, or they have a map and you find it yourself. I'm okay either way, I got my luggage this far, I can handle it myself for the last 100 yards! At this hotel, they have a guy to take you to your room, but you are told to wait until he has a group to take. After 13 hours of travelling, the last thing I want to do is wait until they're ready to show me where my room is. Then I went to the buffet, and I couldn't find anywhere to get a drink. So I asked one of the employees where to get a drink. He said he brings them. So I asked for a rum  coke. He told me he doesn't bring rum  coke, I can only have beer or wine. I don't drink either beer or wine, so I ask him where there is a bar (just arrived, I don't know where the bar is). He refused to tell me! We started the week with 3 bath towels, 3 hand towels and 3 face cloths. The maid reduced this everyday, until the last night we had 2 bath towels and 1 face cloth. A few people in our group could not use their room safe because the hotel didn't have enough keys. They try to attract business conferences, but then don't allow you to use your own laptop for internet access so you can do any work. (I know, not an issue for most people on vacation, but I couldn't even send some pictures of the wedding home to family who couldn't make it, simply because it's against their policy).The Food: The buffet was as good as could be expected when they are cooking for 2000 people. The have some fabulous items, but those don't last long. Then they have stuff that they made lots of by cutting corners. We tried the steak house, the Mexican and the Tropical Caribbean (seafood) place. I loved the Mexican, but it's authentic Mexican, not Taco Bell or Chili's, and a lot of people were disappointed. The other 2 were not as good. We had a hard time getting reservations. Some people in our group were told the restaurant was full when they tried to book for 6 people, but we got in for a table for 2 and then the restaurant was half empty. The Wedding:Every picture you see of a wedding here has been editted by Photoshop. There are so many people around that there is a different speedo clad man in every photo. The beach gazebo is squeezed in between the fence and the watersports building. It was one of the least attracive spots of the whole resort, but it was as private as they could get. I have learned never to trust a bride who tells you she had the most beautiful wedding. All she saw were the groom and her flowers. She didn't see the topless woman standing behind her, or the fact that none of her guests saw a thing because the hotel staff was in the way. And who's going to tell the bride that her wedding was tacky when that wasn't her intention?Excursion:We did the Caribbean Festival snorkelling excursion. Snorkelling with the sharks and sting rays was amazing. But the reef was mostly dead, and you spend more time getting on the boat than you do snorkelling anyway. It would be nice if you could find a way to get to the shark enclosure without the 90 other people. Or if you're not brave enough or interested in the sharks, skip it altogether. And when the tour seller tells you you'll be back at the resort by 5:30, she's lying. The boat gets back to shore at 5:30, and they hold you there for half an hour to ensure everyone has lots to drink and leaves them plenty of tips. Then you have to wait until everyone has made it back to shore in the dinghy and the buses are full before you can leave for the resort. We got back at 7:10 and would have missed our dinner reservation if it wasn't for the fact the restaurant was half empty anyway!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Saskie_Bride
<Content>A Perfect Wedding We we鈥檙e married January 8, 2007 on the beach at the Iberostar Punta Cana. It was easy, stress free and most importantly beautiful.29 of our closest friends and family joined us for a week in paradise 鈥?we stayed for two. We鈥檝e both traveled a lot and are big fans of the Iberostar鈥檚 consistency from country to country. Keep in mind a resort holiday provides the opportunity to do just about everything you don鈥檛 normally do during the harsh Canadian winter; this includes a different sun, water, drinks and food. It鈥檚 only normal that your body is going to respond differently. We lost a few form our group to the dreaded DR 24 hour flu, while several others mentioned a livable 鈥渞umble down under鈥?from time to time (ourselves included).The first two weeks of January had good weather. A few rainy spells would often blow over quickly in the morning, allowing the sun to prevail for the remainder of the day. Judging from the tans we brought home, it was certainly hot enough.The grounds were immaculate, the pools refreshing and the beach was absolutely gorgeous. There was always something the fill the void at the buffet or specialty restaurants. Our group consensus was the appetizers at the restaurants were usually better than the entrees; meanwhile the buffet was most often pleasing. The fresh fish was a group favorite (mussels, salmon, tuna, snapper, grouper). If you don鈥檛 like fish there were always meat and potatoes to stock up on.We had a few but quickly solved problems with checking in, setting up our room safe, as well as our AC. Note we never called to complain, we always walked over to the desk to report a problem and tipped the clerk. Others in our group who phoned with problems received a different and delayed response. As for tipping, our maid was great, we left her a few US$ per day; and in return she left us lots of towels and more water than I could drink daily (this is A LOT).There were many activities at the resort, as well as the organized group tours to choose from. The guys did a deep sea fishing trip and snorkeling, while others went on the outback tour and over the aqua park (Manati?) But honestly, if you鈥檙e looking for the true 鈥淒ominican experience鈥?what are you doing at 4+ star resort in the first place?Although the Iberostar PC is a great for families and weddings; the more social part of our group had no problems staying out all night and finding trouble to get into. We would most definitely return to another Iberostar.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KenMich
<Content>Depends On What You Like If you like a beautiful tropical setting, albeit a mass market setting, want to veg out by the pool or on the beach, can take advantage of unlimited booze, are not very particular about the food or the condition of your room, and do not require entertainment or other night time diversion, do not require sight seeing, shopping or other off site activity, then you will like this resort.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>ARGENTINEAN-DRUMMER
<Content>An Unforgettable week Buenos Aires,Republica ArgentinaNovember 4th,2006ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!My girlfriend and I have just returned from an unforgettable week at the Iberostar Punta Cana Hotel in Punta Cana. beach.What else can I say. Not only the hotel was more than I had expected in my wildest dreams, but the personal attention given to each guest was paramount.Needless to say, we engaged in any activity available. Just to mention a few they were bachata, merengue and salsa dancing lessons, archery contests, shooting contests, fitness, jacuzzi,aerobics, gym, etc.Perhaps the most unforgettable occasion was when we took a ride on a motor operated boat and headed right into the ocean.The speed was such that we could hear the sound of the wind in our ears!As I am an amateur drummer,(had been since the age of ten, theyear that The Beatles first visited the U:S:A:), I was asked to join the permanent band and play with them the whole evening.When the show was over, a gentleman from Spain requested a solo. After twent eight minutes of listening to the sounf of perfeclytuned drums, he was pleased. I had polished that solo for the lastforty three years.To summarize. friends and future friends, give up thoughts of go-ing anywhere else, and go the Iberostar in Punta Cana. You willnever regret it.Martin Tomas Alarcon  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chrissn&harry
<Content>Great Place Eight of us from Pennsylvania visited the Iberostar Nov. 17 to Nov. 24 for my parents anniversery. This was the best resort we have been to in the Caribbean, and I have been to 6 other islands. It was very clean every where you went. The people were very friendly. The beach and water were the best we have been to. No rocks, shells, little seaweed, flat beach and gentle waves. There were no hustlers approaching you on the beach. The hotel has plenty of chairs and shade huts which some of the other hotels in the area did not have.There was plenty of food but the selection was a little strange by American standards. The quality of the food was the same as on the other Caribbean islands, except Atlantis which has great food but is not all inclusive. The drinks were not watered down. The place is a favorite of Europeans which were the majority of guests. It is a topless beach (optional).The only thing that might be a problem for older guests is the fact the you can not drink the water or use it to brush your teeth etc. The hotel provides bottled water in the room and filtered drinking water at the beach, pool, dining room etc.We all decided that we would definately go back to this resort and we did not feel that way about any of the other 6 islands.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelgirlUK
<Content>Fantastic......Simply the best!!!!!! I stayed at the Iberostar Punta Cana for one week from 20th-27 Nov. After a 9 hour flight from the UK, I arrived at the airport and it was surreal. It was an outdoor airport with thatched roofs and you get your pic taken with two dominican girls (you can buy the pic when you departure from the airport). The journey to the hotel was under 30 mins. The roomI stayed in a standard room in block (5000). The room was above average, large and very clean. The maids always cleaned the room and stocked the refrigerator daily. There's a tv, twin beds (or double bed if you ask for one), sofa bed, balcony (if you do not want to be on the ground floor), safe deposit box (there's a charge - $2 per day), lovely bathroom and the air conditioning was excellent. When I checked in, I was greeted with a friendly smile, fruit punch drink and then personally taken to my room (in a buggy car) by a member of staff - a beauitful gesture.The poolWow! What can I say the pool is beauitful. The beach and pool have tree umbrellas where you can sunbathe under the shade (there is some topless sunbathing but it is no big deal). Load of stuff and activities going on by the pool and beach all day. You can take part or watch (i.e water aerobics, volley ball, waterpolo etc) both ways were entertaining. There is a paddling pool, separate children's pool and a large freshwater swimming pool. The pools are so clean. There's a gym, sauna, stream room and jazzaui by the beach. The staff always walked around collecting emtpy plastic cups/plates, and always saying 'hola' and 'how are you?'. The pool and the beach are always kept cleaned and tidy. It's not hard to find sunbeds under the shade if you get down to the pool/beach at a decent time.The foodIn all of the week I stayed I never got sick!!! They have speciality la carte restuarants, there's Mexican, Tropicial. Oriental, gourmet and grill/streak house restuaranst. My favourite was, 'La Sibila' they serves lobsters. There are snack bars, 3 beach bars by the pool and beach so you don't have to walk all the way back to the hotel to the main buffet restuarant for lunch. There's also an ice cream parlour by the beach. The food was good, you can get fries, fried chicken, fish, rice and pea, crab/lobster, just about anything. Having breakfast, lunch or dinner at the main buffet restuarant, is a little walk from the beach and your room. (unless you book a room in block 6000 - very close to the lobby/ buffet restuarant and I heard the rooms are very beauitful). Hey, think of all the food you've eaten, you need to burn off all those calories, so the walk will do you good, also but the grounds' are so well cared for, beauitful plants look out for those amazing flamingoes!! My favourite is the buffet breakfast, there's a wide selection of cooked breakfast, fruits, breads etc, the staff could not be more helpful and they keep refilling your cup with tea/coffee. with a smile. I never had the lunch buffet lunch because I was sunbathing all day by the beach/pool. Dinner buffet at the main restuarant, again a wide selection, however as a whole food left a lot to be desired. But you can go next door to their sister hotel Dominicana (Iberostar Punta Cana and Dominicana are joined together!) and try their buffet or use their facilities including their casino and it's not much of a walk.Overall I thought DR was beauitful, and I would definiety return to the island and the hotel. I met so many people from different part of the world, and believe me, the Europeans were so friendly, no matter if you cannot speak their language! My American relative flew from Florida and joined me on my 2nd day. It was hot and humid and rained only twice but we both had so much fun and truly enjoyed ourselves so much..Five months ago, I went to Cuba and it was the best holiday I've ever taken. I didn't think Dominican Republic could match that , but wow, I was blown away by the Dominicans and their friendly personality and hospitality. DR was simply the best!.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>viktor_sv
<Content>Good value for the money Can't say this was something I have not expected, since this was my second trip to the Punta Cana. Room was nice, no major complains. Food was OK, not great though. I was able to figure how to communicate with Spanish-speaking stuff without any knowledge of Spanish(you have to smile and ... tip. Trust me, 1 dollar can make a huge difference). Night life does not exist in this place, basically, after 9 in the evening you have nothing to do, except make up with your loved one. Overall, this was good value for the money. Me and my finance had lot of fun and great memories. I would recommend this hotel to couples (if you single, do not go here - you will be bored to the death ) or friends/families, who want to have easy and relaxed vacation without ripping of the bank account.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	1	

<Author>Christine40
<Content>Iberostar - Disappointed! We stayed at the Iberostar, Punta Cana. My husband and I traveled with our 3 1/2 year old and I was really disappointed by the accommodations and the food. I've done a lot of traveling but this was my husbands first trip to the Carribbean, I felt sorry for him.The hotel itself is beautiful - the grounds and beach were immaculate - that's about all the good things I can say. Room:The room was large enough but had multiple problems. The T.V.'s color was all RED, the tub wouldn't drain, the refridgerator broke after the third day. We had someone from the front desk walk into the room with us initially (he spoke broken english) and asked it if was o.k. at that time, we didn't know of the problems, so we said yes, it's o.k.. My suggestion, if you are at ALL disappointed immediately go to the front desk and demand a different room. We didn't (we were there for only 4 days) and I regret it now. Grounds:Beautiful. The beaches and restrooms were cleaner than anywhere I have ever been. It made Disney look dirty! Absolutely spotless. Great grounds and beachesFood:This was probably the worst part of the vacation. At times, I'd say close to inedible. We tried to make dinner reservations the moment we arrived but were told we couldn't because we didn't have a room number (see travel below). We waited until we got a room and by that time all the reservations were booked except for one night. We ate at the Mexican restaurant -- the air conditioning was broken and they required the men to wear pants. Horribly hot, and the food was nothing different than what they served at the buffets. The buffets were the same food everyday. I will have to say, I'm not a huge fan of buffet food but this was even below my low expectations!We could not get bottled water anywhere on the grounds except for our room. Huge issue for us since I was pregnant and traveling with a 3 year old - I wasn't willing to take the risk of drinking anything except bottled water - which I was glad because my husband did and he got ill (my daughter and I were fine but only used bottled water). When we complained to our travel representative and the hotel they told us we could buy it at the gift shop. Note, we did have bottled water in our room and it was cold but when you went to the beach, of course it got warm.They wouldn't give us bottled water - but we could have any alcohol we wanted - crazy!Travel:We arrived earlier than 3:00 pm and they didn't have a room ready. This was an issue since we had been up at 3:00 am and was traveling with a little one. Just be prepared (swim suit, suntain lotion) in your carry-on. I have to say that we had a direct flight and the airport transportation was good. Travel was much easier than I was prepared for!Overall - beautiful beach, very clean - but I wouldn't recommend it or go back to this resort. Hope you all have a better experience!Christine  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	5	2	1	-1	

<Author>DavidandGina
<Content>Whats not to love? Good afternoon to all. Let me start by saying, BEAUTIFUL. We just got back home, we were there from the 20th thru the 27th of October, 2006. This was the second time that my wife and I had visited Punta Cana. It was the first time at this resort. After reading some of the reviews on this site, I was a little concerned about what we were in for. When we arrived we were pleasently surprised. We asked for a room in the 6000 series, this is the newest section of the resort. We were able to get into room # 6020 and it was perfect. Comfy bed, full mini-bar, nice patio off of the back to just sit out side and relax.The beach and the pool was only a very short walk away, and the buffets were just as close. We stayed for seven days which entitled us to 3 alacarte visits. We ate at the steak house, the mexican place, and the oriental place. I think that the best food was at the oriental place. The buffets were great, plenty of variety, and a different type of food each night. The staff was more than helpful. The lady that made up the room for us was great, she took very good care of us and we took good care of her in return. For just a couple of extra dollars, you could be treated as a king or queen. Even if you did not tip, the service was good. The shows were entertaining, but if you go don't expect any Oscar winning performances, fun to watch after a few RUM  Cokes. Getting back to the food; after reading some of the reviews regarding the food, I am wondering what exactly some poeple are expecting. My wife is a very picky eater and she had no problems finding plenty to eat the entire time that we were there. Some of the food may not be something that you are used to eating, but if you give it a try, it may surprise you and you actually like it. They do have french fries, hamburgers and hotdogs on every buffet just in case you can not find something that you like, but I can not see that happening. I guess that is why they call it a buffet, a little bit of something for everyone.The beaches were not that crouded, I guess because it is the end of October, plenty of cabannas, plenty of chairs, and plenty of sunshine to go around. The same went for the pools as well.The only negitive that I can think of was there was no swim up bar. The bars were at the buffets and some times there would be a bit of a line for drinks. I came up with a solution to the problem; I would order 2 or 3 at a time and a large glass of ice. That seemed to work pretty well.All-in-all it was a very good trip. It rained a couple of minutes on a couple of days, but other than that it was very nice.You should have a wonderful time.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>SJB&JLT
<Content>A really Lovely Place! As I read nearly every review on here before I visted the resort I thought that I must put my comments on here to help other people get another angle on the place.I stayed here from 7-21st September with my fiance and 6 other friends and family and had a brilliant time.We travelled with First Choice and had a really comfortable flight and were taken back to the resort in an air-condtioned coach which took about 30 minutes. There was no queue to check -in, our rooms were ready right away and our bags were brought up within 10mins of our arrival.Our room was good, very large, clean and cool. We were in the 5000's and had a view of the sea and the pools. The mini-bar came in handy and was stocked every other day. We found that the maid did the same good job on the days when we left tips and the days that we didn't.We found the food to be very good, the breakfast buffet had everything that you would normally expect and more, from fresh smoothies to pancakes with syrup. The lunch buffet had pizza and salad and plenty of fruit and the dinner buffet had some different dishes on offer each night and had plenty of variety- I don't know how some poeple couldn't find different things to eat. There was also a BBQ running all day which we often took advantage of. We ate at 3 of the speaciality restaurants, the gourmet was my favourite but remember to book early on in your stay as they get booked up. We also really liked the star cafe which was never very busy (you don't need to book) and the food was delicious. The pool was clean and the sea was warm and we never had trouble finding a sunbed in the shade. The beach was beautiful, in fact this is where my fiance proposed to me during our stay.The outback Safari trip was good fun and a nice change to be out of the resort. My fiance went on the speedboat trip and enjoyed it and I went on the horseriding trip. We rode along a secluded beach which was gorgeous but I would recommend only the hour trip as the 2 hour trip proved a little painful in the days after! We also had massages in the garden which were lovely.There was plenty to do, I played bingo a couple of times but mainly chilled out with a book and wasn't bothered too much to join in, however my fiance had a great time joining in the sports. Everyone was really friendly and we had some great times with new friends over there.I would highly recommend this place.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ashleigh-Paul
<Content>Paradise! I stayed at the Punta Cana with my boyfriend for 2 weeks from 6th September and we had the most fabulous time! The airport was efficient and quick and it was a hair raising 40minute journey to the hotel. We were greated by a very friendly dominican who spoke good english and gave us a well needed drink (which may I add was gorgeous)! We were personally shown to the room by a member of staff which I thought was a nice touch! The rooms were above average. You don't get tea or coffee making facilities which didn't bother us but you may want to take your own kettle with you. Nice large balcony. Massive queen size bed which was nice as normally we get 2 single beds pushed together. The beach and the pool were outstanding. The beach was white sand and clear blue sea. Watch out for some of the monster waves. I got knocked down more than a few times! The 'Star Friends' do aerobics on the beach every day at 12 and I loved it. Not too hard to find sunbeds under the shade if you get down there at a decent time. The food was lovely. The buffet had a wide variety of food, we even had lobster one night. They also have a few a la carte resteraunts which were ok. Mexican was my favourite. Brekkie, lunch and dinner were all brill. Night time entertainment was hit and miss. Some nights we stayed up and other nights the entertainment actually sent us to sleep. The club was great. Its built with planes inside and plane wings are the bar. It was really good fun. Not so fun getting up in the morning for brekkie! Made some really good friends out there and the 'Star Friends' were a laugh. Mac was my favourite although all of them were very friendly and did everything they could to make your holiday and enjoyable as possible. They had activities going on all day and then did the entertainment at night and then had to mingle with guests in the club. They worked 11 days on 3 days off from 9am - 1am. I certainly wouldn't have the energy they have but they all seem to love their jobs. Went to Cuba last year and I never thought I'd say it but I honestly preferred the Dominican. Would definatly go back to an Iberstar but not back to the same hotel because there are so many other places I want to go to. I would definatly recommend it to anyone. Oh and go horse riding. Its such great fun. I can ride but my boyfriend can't and we went together and got taken to a secluded beach and galloped in the sea together. Didn't feel the need to do any other trips as the hotel had everything we needed. Heard that the outback safari was good though. Hi to Jamie and Sarah and James and Liz, hope you had a safe trip back. Go to Iberostar! Its the best!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GMNJ
<Content>Beautiful beach, food not so good My husband, daughter (6yr) and son (8yr) stayed at the Iberostar Punta Cana the week of 8/21. BeachThe beach was beautiful. The water was warm and it had gentle waves that were perfect for my kids to jump. There was no undertow to speak of. The sand was white and soft. There is a small rocky section where you can snorkel and see tropical fish. Bring some bread and they will come to you. If you want a grass umbrella I suggest you put towels on them by 8am. I suggest you bring some thin beach towels from home to stake out your territory at the beach and pool each day, particularly if you want shade. There is plenty of topless bathing but it is no big deal.RoomsOur room was always clean and the refrigerator was stocked. There was no smell at all and I never saw a garbage truck. The room was large and had extra beds for the kids. The TV had the Disney channel and enough other american channels.FoodThe paella served by the beach was quite good. However, as a whole the food left a lot to be desired. Except for some specialty restaurants, there is no air conditioning. A lot of the food was not very appetizing after it was out in the heat. The food was mediocre to poor in general. Additionally the alcholic drinks were overly sweet and rather warm. Ice was not liberally used. Make your specialty reservations right away when you arrive. Stomach upset was mild. It was to be expected with the different climate and foods. Definitely bring immodium. It will be the diffrence between a good trip and a wasted trip.EntertainmentThe shows started at 9:45 at night. That was rather late for my family after a day in the sun and water. Additionally, the productions were very amateurish. There was also a diverse audience. A lot of patrons were from all over Europe so a lot of stuff needed to be translated into several different languages.Overall I thought the DR was absolutely beautiful, a great bargain and would definitely return to the island. I would choose a different resort. Also, I cna't say for certain if it was the airport x-ray or bad film but my non-digital photos were all ruined. I would put my film in my carry-on.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>domrepcrazy
<Content>Wana go back NOW!!!!! england baby!!! woop woop!! I stayed at the hotel in late August early Sept with my family. The hotel was beautiful, and the staff were amazing. I met some really good friends whilst staying at the hotel, every day was wkd, there was loads of stuff going on by the pool and on the beach all day, which you could either take part in or just watch both ways were entertaining!! The shows in the evening were ok, but seeing as i have been to an iberostar hotel in the DomRep two times before i had already seen most of them! They are really funny if you havent seen them before! Me and my friends usually went to the hotel disco which was really good, and when that finished we went to a club down the road called Pacha which was wkd and i would advise going to, it costs about $4 to get there in a taxi and is free entrance! We also went to two other clubs which were brilliant, you MUST go to MANGU and ARIEETO!! The entertainment staff at the hotel were so funny, especially Juan, Mac, and Henry!!! They made the holiday!! the staff are so attentive and go out of there way to make your stay amazing!! The chef even cooked us hotdogs at 6.00 in the morning most nights after going out clubbing!! lol!! This hotel is really good as is the Iberostar Costa Dorada on the other side of the island!! I do Warn if you want to visit other countries DO NOT come to the Dominican Republic because once you have been it is very hard to go anywhere else!!!!! email me if you wana know anything else Maddisondsouza@yahoo.co.uk  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JERZYGEORGE
<Content>was i on vacation ? We stayed aug 19 -29,06 at this resort.Things went from bad to worst. We had no coffee pots in the room!!. There was no room service!!!. The resort had resturants but you had to make reservations,well we did and only fri,sat,sun,we avalible.We had to eat at the buffet,the food was substandard,the smell of grease would turn your stomach.We had to try to eat there all week. Relaxing at the pool was great unless you got thirsty,you had to walk to the bar and wait in line to get your drink.they had no one walking around with any type of drinks. So disappointed in the lack of services at this resort...  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ggdgula
<Content>Loved the Iberostar Punta cana       wild life iberostar punta cana  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RAB4um
<Content>You can't go wrong! One of the best trips we were ever on! My wife and I celebrated our 20th and we had a blast. I was a little nervous because it was our first time there, and I read some negative comments. I truely believe that those people are never happy. The worst part of the trip was the ride from the airport. It is about a 40 minute ride through the poor sections of the DR. Once you get there you are greeted by the staff. They explain everything to you, and in english, not the best, but good enough. We arrived around 10:45 and our room was not ready until 1:30, so we made sure we packed our suits in our carry-on. They give you an id braclet as soon as you arrive, so you can eat and drink right away. Trust me, you do not want to go right to your room, because you really want to take a walk around and see the grounds. They do a great job keeping the grounds clean. You can eat off the sidewalks. Our room was very clean everyday. If you need anything all you have to do is ask. Take one's because they go a long way. The best advice I can give you about the food is if you have a weak stomach, only eat the food that is cooked. The food was good, not great, but good. You will have enough to choose from. The buffets are very clean, and the chiefs cook to your likeing. We ate at the steak house and the Japanese house. The Japanese house is beautiful. The food was ok. I liked the steak house but did not like sitting outside in the sand to eat. The breakfast was great, and when they grill by the beach for lunch, make sure you eat there. There are bars all over the place. On the beach, by the pool in the lobby, in the casino, everywhere. The drinks are good, and you can get stronger or weaker, it is up to you.The pool and beach are the best part of the resort. There were plenty of seats and both places. There seems to be more room as you walk towards the market on the beach. Everyone likes to get a place right in front of the hotel, so if you walk 25 yards down, you will find plenty of room. Weather was the same everyday, sunny and 90's!The market was fun, but can become a pain after awhile. If you cannot negoiate your price, don't go there. The vendors will try and take advantage of you, hold your ground, they will give into your price.We will go back to this resort. The people are friendly, but brush up on your spanish. You can get by, we did not speak any spanish, and we understood everything. You will only have a bad time if you want a bad time. This is a great resort and recommend it highly!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>soccaref
<Content>IBEROSTAR IS FANTASTIC We just returned from our first trip to the Dominican Republic, Punta Cana. It was one the best vacations that we have been on.The staff at Iberostar are always willing to help their guests. They are always smiling and helpful. The servers and activities staff were very helpful.When we arrived we were not happy with our room. It had a damp, musty smell. It also did not have a view at all. The hotel gave us another upgraded room the next day which we thoroughly enjoyed.The food was fantastic, a very high quality and a huge menu selection. You never got bored with the food. There was always something different for lunch and dinner buffets. Breakfast buffet was the same every day, but with huge selection it was not a problem at all.The A LA CARTE restaurants were fantastic. We went to four of them, Rock Cafe, Pagoda, Marimba and Sibila. Sibila was the best.The management also gave us a fruit plate and a complimentary bottle of champagne for my birthday while I was there.The grounds and swimming pools we in top class condition. The hotel was so busy that we always had to look for a good shady spot on the poolside and beach. I guess to find a good beach spot, you had to go early.All the non-motorized water sports were free, but I found the sail boats always booked out.There was always something going on. The activities staff knew our names by the second day. They were always smiling considering that they work 16 hour days and have two jobs at the Iberostar. I got the impression that the staff were very well trained in treating tourists well. I also figured out for the staff to have such a great attitude, Iberostar probably takes good care of them.I will go back to another Iberostar resort after going to this one.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	1	

<Author>Bronx4
<Content>Just got back- 1st time stay at iberostar for this new yorker just came back from a week stay at iberostar. upon arriving, greeted with a drink at check-in. I went with my parents, my husband and two kids. We had requested two rooms in the 6000 section based on other reviews read here. We were shown adjoining rooms with garden views. I asked if we could get ocean view at which point we were upgraded for a fee off the books . My parents stayed in a single room in the 6000 section which are newer and closer to the lobby, main buffets, and the entertainment. The rest of us went to the 5000 section which was closer to the pool, and beach. These rooms are not as nice and the AC was much stronger in my parents room than ours but was fine for me. Good thing about our room was that every morning I would get up and grab a spot on the beach and pool area for all of us. Too far for my parents to do this from their room.Do this before 9am to get a nice spot. We ate everyday at the main buffets which was a walk for us in the 5000 section. The food was pretty decent and the fruits were awesome. Every night we ordered steak but the cuts they have are not great (lots of fat) some cold cuts did not look appetizing but use your own judgement. Entertainment was a bit corny but enjoyable. I was not expecting Broadway shows. Staff is pleasant. One major letdown is that the hotel rooms do not have irons so we were wrinkled throughout our stay. You can have someone iron your clothes from the laundry dept. but we never did. The pool is wonderful and the beach is very nice. A short walk down the beach and there are stands that sell souvenirs. Whatever prices you are given, offer half or slightly less than half. You become a pro at haggling. We went on a tour to Saona island which was nice but I have seen better. This place does have nice shells along the beach and at the end of the trip we were taken to a spot way offshore where the water is waist deep. This was the highlight for me but it was only 30 minutes out of a whole day trip. My husband and oldest child (13 years old) went snorkeling at Marinarium with nurse sharks and loved it. He said our 4 year old could have gone as he saw a 2 year old on the trip. Overall, the hotel is very nice and clean and offer lots of activities for free as well as water activities (some free and some with a charge). Would recommend it but if I go back to Punta Cana I might try another place just to see what else is available. If going somewhere else, I would still go to another iberostar chain  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>misery
<Content>Best Vacation Ever! We stayed at The Iberostar Punta Cana and in all if my 40 years of traveling, this was by far the best. It was raining the first day but soon cleared. Check in was very quick, the main manager was biased, but Julio was there to the rescue for the the rest of the trip. We never got ill, we drank the water at the restaurants, bars but brushed our teeth with the bottled water and drank bottled water on the beach. The food was good and the restaurants may look empty,, but they book every hour and leave empty tables for the next group so it appears to be empty. But the buffet was good for us. We tipped our Camarista (maid) and left her small gifts of soaps and lotions (samples from bath and body etc.) and we had our mini bar stocked to the hilt every day, fresh towels, clean sheets and flowers in our room every day as well. The beach BBQ, bar and restaurant is great and they keep it very clean. The soda at a couple restaurants is flat but some are ok so it may just be the mix. The Saona island tour was a bust..the island is beautiful but the two hour catamaran ride and long bus ride was a down side, and actual time on the island was only about 2 1/2 hours. snorkling was no good as the speed boats were in and out of the area and it was not safe to venture to far out so the sand was pretty kicked up. We did take the $20 shopping trip to Bavaro which was nice. Yes it did take you to their special place to shop but we were able to get some great deals, you also were taken to the rum factory with free samples and the Vivaldi cigar factory where you could sample the smokes. Good trip for the price and 4 1/2 hours, which also showed how thrid world these folks are.The staff was very friendly and helpful, and yes there are those in speedos and topless women..so what!! look the other way if you do no like it, I am sure they could say some things about other people they saw as well. We never had trouble getting a Palapa or any trouble with anything except check out. We called to have our luggage picked up 45 minutes before we had to be downstairs and they showed up as we were taking them ourselves with 15 minutes to spare...he did apologise...alot. Ceasar and the other Apple reps were very helpful. The sand is nice not bright white but not dirty, the resort cleans the seaweed every morning and grooms the beach. The steak house is the best restaurant in our opinion, the chairs just sink a little low in the sand, but who cares it is a beach side open air restaurant. The buffett had ants running around the bread and after notifying the head waiter they began abating the problem. The staff are always smiling and singing and put up with my limited spanish but they are willing to help teach you new words. These people work long hours and get paid very little, you are not expected to tip, but they really go beyond when they get a dollar for good service. If your drink is light on alcohol just ask them to rum it up and you will get what you want...no problem.We will go back without a doubt, we were in the 5000 building on the third floor with a view of the pool and the ocean, and we could not hear the people at the pool. It was nice to not hear people swearing or see people being rude like on cruise ships and the children were well mannered....very nice. There are many different countries represented but it was nice to meet them...after all...this was vacation!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>david1234
<Content>Wedding Ring hidden and no help fom Manager I will start by saying I love Punta Cana and the Iberostar was a wonderful hotel... except for one small detail. Within the first 2 days of a 10 day stay I went to breakfast and let my wedding ring on nite stand, yes I did this. Upon return the room had been cleaned and we changed and went down to beach. It dawned on me what I had done so I returned to the room promtly with intensions of given the maid $20 for her honesty but..... not the way this story unfolds. Prior to enterring the room I saw maid in next room and asked her to wait for me as I was gonna look for something. I went in and took a quick look and saw it was gone. Shocked? maybe a little but it was still my own fault so I went and ask her if she saw my wedding ring, pointless because she didn't know her own name as stated on card in bathroom. She managed to say, did you look everywhere? I did go back and look closer but saw nothing so I went to the Hotel manager. Manager was of no help even though we know who had it. It was then when the Manager said did you look everywhere? Again with that and it was the way she said it that concerned me. I went back to my room and tried to think like a criminal. If I wanted to steal and not be held accountable would I really take the ring or hide it? So within 2 minutes I pulled out nite stand and looked behind it. You would of died if you saw what I saw. Nite stand had a shelf under it and about 2 feet deep. Up in the deepest corner sat the ring. I was in awe of the cleverness of this and 4 days later I saw that same mananger and asked her why she never contacted me? She said nothing and I knew it was pointless to discuss any further other tah explaining how I found it based on the clue did you look everywhere. Think about this now, you are in a room with someone cleaning it daily that is not trust worthy. My wife was putting toothbrushes in the safe, laughing. Live and learn is my thing. Be aware of this they won't remove items left out they hide them and retrieve after you depart the property. If Iberostar wants to contact me and apologise here is my email faith_destiny@sbcglobal.net David  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	2	5	

<Author>CPTMOM
<Content>Iberostar Punta Cana was Wonderful! My sister in law and I stayed for an extended week-end without the husbands and kids. This was the first vacation for me in several years and it was terrific! Check in was easily done and very informational. The staff during the entire visit was helpful and more then willing to do what ever you needed. There was always someone there for every need. The only issues we had were a black out after dinner for about an hour and loss of water for a very short period of time in the morning one day. Both times everyone tried to make us as comfortable as possible and resolve the problem as quickly as they could and they did. The food was very good and neither of us had any gastro issues at all. I can not wait to go back and this time with my husband. I will stay at the Iberostar, no question about that.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>sramlp
<Content>Hotel Great---Food..so-so As we were planning our trip I read reviews on tripadvisor. I didnt know what to make of some of them. I understand that you can not please everyone. That is why I decided to write this review I have been to alot of places and I am also in the restaurant business. So here is my honest and truthful opinion.The hotel is very nicely kept. landscaping is beautiful, there was always somebody cleaning something.The rooms were very clean and in nice condition. We tipped the cleaning lady on the first day to make sure she took care of our requests.( extra towels, lots of extra water) the water part is important the only place top get bottles of water is in your minibar or buy them for 50 cents in the hotel store. the minibar is free! Our cleaning lady left us a case at a time. we gave her $10 US on the first day and $10 US the last day. their pay is $135 US a MONTH. I said the water was key because we traveled with me, my wife, my 2 kids 4  3 and my mother in law. nobody got sick at all. Do not drink any water that is not in a bottle . Thats what we did and nobody got sick at all. Ice was ok, frozen drinks ok, we also brushed our teeth with bottled water. no one got sick the few people that we spoke to who got sick, all at some point drank the water.The food was our only issue which was importsnt to us before we left . If you are looking for great food forget it..Dont get me wrong everything was edible but not like WOw That was delicious. the buffet is probably your best bet, They allow you 3 resevations per week in the sit down restaurants. which are 75% empty anyway even though they tell you there is no more reservations available. there is more variety at the buffet. I had them grill me a steak every night at the buffet. again we all tried alot of different thing and no one got sick. Lunchtime is your best bet By the beach they have a big bbq everyday. Grilled chiickens, seafood paiella, pasta w seafood, all very good.Great entertainment all week lots of things to do with the Starfriends as their called. morning till night their singing, dancing, playing games, lots of fun. My kids had a great time made alot of friends. Really nice people. Workers are also very friendly there's always a , HOLA coming from someone. some speak more english then others.Like I said I wrote this because when I was reading these reviews before I left I didn,t know what to make of alot of them, (Is this place good? Is it gonna suck?) well this is my honest and open minded opinion. Hotel, staff, cleanliness, beach-great Food- OK I hope this helps someone.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sue1958
<Content>Just back from the IB Punta Cana This review is based on the fact we have been to three iberostars in 3 years, the other two being the IB Tucan and IB Costa Dorada.We were one of the unfortunate families to get a musty smelling room with a toilet not working, we went straight back to Reception who were reluctant to change 2 rooms (my daughters in the other), however after speaking to Franklin who greeted us he sorted it for us.The rooms were standard IB rooms, very very clean, fairly spacious and adequate for our stay as we spend very little time in them. This was the biggest of the developments we have stayed on and probably a little too big for us but that is our preference. We had silly little niggles, no water in either room one day and when we rang for some it never came, the maid had also removed all bottles so we were unable to fill them. Another day the room was missed and another towels were not left. But other than that the service from the maid was the best we have experienced, friendly, helpful and always smiling.There were plenty of sun beds we overslept till 9.20 one day and still got a prime position by the pool. Was a lovely change not to have to rush down. The buffets were adequate in my opinion not as good as the others but again that is my opinion. The speciality restaurants were lovely, my favourite the oriental, my families was the steak house. The beach bar is lovely situated right by the beach and open till 11pm absolute heaven. The bbq at lunch is amazing and with dancing most lunches it is a brilliant atmosphere. The star friends are friendly, and not overpowering. There were however a lot less than at other hotels we have been to. Our major problem was sickness, all four of us were ill and my daughter was very sick for over a week. WE cannot say what it was we cut out certain foods and drinks but to no avail. We met quite a few other people who had mild similar symptoms, usually lasting 2 days. We have reported this to the Rep and Hotel and are awaiting tests from our doctor back home. We also met lots of people who were not ill so it seems like luck of the draw. A few we met had had injections and the doctor was very good. My observations regarding possible reasons was flies on cold food on the buffet especially in the morning and birds flying around the buffet and landing on the tables. They actually picked at food as soon as people left. I will say this is still a lovely hotel and the beach is one of the best. If we had been well we would have probably have recommended this as much as the other ones we had been in but obviously illness does put you off. In my opinion the Costa Dorada was the best then the Tucan, if you keep well you will love this one as well.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bambi66
<Content>great time at iberostar We have just got back from iberostar punta cana /dominicana.We were a party of three; myself partner and our 16 year old son.I e-mailed the resort just before we arrived and asked for two rooms in the 6000 block as our son was to have his own room, all requests were met by the efficient front desk.The rooms were very large with coffee makers and a kingsized bed.The food at all the restaurants we tried was very good, our fav restaurant was the steak house.The beach was lovely with white sand and green sea but it was sometimes a bit rough, although my son liked it rough. Its the most time we have ever spent on a beach.All the staff were friendly and helpful, the star friends had lot of activities to do, which was fun to join in or watch.In the evening the star friends put on a show, or you could go to the star rock cafe and watch or join in the kareoke, there was also a casino and a disco which our son went to.We had a brillant holiday made better by the great people we met from England and Belgium, we would go back tomorrow.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cariocagirl1brasilia
<Content>Excellent Love Iberostar Chain Repeat Customer The previous post mentioned poor beverage service? Are you nuts? If you would have given your maid a few bucks you would have fully stocked fridge. Furthermore they store the beverages in their carts and place then in a back room on every floor overnight. You can always get more. As for the bars. Almost all of the bars have bottle beer President and another name I forgot. The bar by the stage has extremely cold beer. The coldest beer I ever had. I鈥檓 not a drinking and I found my self every night drinking three bottles because it was soo cold. They have premium liquor so what was the problem?Email @ cariocagirll@netzero.netMy review consists of two hotels the Caribe Club Princess and the other Iberostar. This will be a long review I would like to do a comparison of the two hotels. I changed hotels mid way through my vacation. I booked my vacation through TNT Vacations (recommended). I traveled with my husband and two toddlers (2  3) from May 18th until June 6th. Off to the airport all goes smooth. We took a chance on a standby and there were plenty of seats available left at 8:00 a.m. arrived PC at 11:30. After all goes smooth to the Airport TSA security decides to pick my husband for a random hand check. I had to continue through check in with two kids in a double stroller, two bags and two portable car seats. I was pissed! I also had to fold my carriage. So just picture me it was awful. I went straight to the gate and advised the AA agent I was present and was given tickets right away. When AA began boarding they have three levels 1, 2 and 3. 1 includes priority boarding. I asked if I can go since I had kids and I was row 34 the agent had an attitude and said no! The agent said this is for passenger rows xyz to xyz. Later I found out that I should have been included in the priority boarding. To me the AA agents were miserable. The flight was smooth kids fell asleep after take off so I had time to rest. The airport at PC was smooth not crowded. I purchased my tourist card ahead of time and beat the crowd at the booth trying to purchase them. I did encounter a very rude man who was ahead of me on line with his pregnant wife and daughter. He was stupid enough to stand on line without a tourist card. The lady told him and his family to stand aside and he took care of me. While in the midst of this the man ran, purchased a card and thought it was okay to push his way in between my carriage and the desk. How rude was that! It鈥檚 easier to be the last passenger to de-board this way you will avoid jerk (---) like him!I proceeded to the baggage area and the bags were already on the belt. I traveled for 2 陆 weeks so I had a lot of luggage (diaper, etc.) and because the max weight for luggage is 50 pounds per piece. I had seven in all. I must have stuck out like a sore thumb because the 鈥淓l Capitan鈥?came out and asked how long we were staying and where we came from. My Spanish kicked in and said we were from NY and if he can he can get me 鈥淥NE GUY ONLY鈥?to carry the bags. It drives me nut when multiple bag handlers grab the bag. That happened last year (my request was ignored). I paid one guy and told him to divi it up. I gave $1 per bag. The taxi to the hotel was $3 more than last year. I guess inflation. It seems the roads were repaved it was a smooth ride. (CCP) CARIBE CLUB PRINCESS (checkin)Boy was I scared when we approached this hotel. It鈥檚 situated on a very off road. The lobby of the CCP was open air and very pretty. The lobby is nice to hand out in during the day to get out of the sun. There was a breeze. The hotel was replacing the roof at the time so part of it was blocked off. I saw a lot of people waiting for check in and thought oh know here we go. But I gave the guy a couple of bucks and he gave us a room right away. Promised us a better room the next day. Since I know how they operated I agreed. There were only three front desk people who were nice. The rest were snobs.We were placed in the Liro building. The room was a dump we had the view of the beach bar. The air conditioner had black mold clearly visible on the grates and I began choking after only a few minutes. The room d茅cor was very basic. Had no fear patience is a virtue so and we were eventually given a room in the Carallio buildings w/ a sunken living area. Much cleaner and much better w/ the exception of the bed linens. Talk about poor quality. They need new linens.IBEROSTAR (checkin)Wow what can I said having been here last year (and should have gone this year) makes all the difference in the world. You can clearly see the difference between the Caribe Clue and Iberostar upon arrival. I was so happy to be here for the next nine days. It was nice to see that one year later the same people at the front desk were still there. Senor Ruiz, Marcos and many more. Last year we gave $ for an upgrade this year we did not have to. We booked a rack rate standard room and were given a room with sea view by the steak house. I gave the guy money anyway $25 as it was the right thing to do. It was 12:30 a.m. and checkin was not until 3:00 p.m. We told him we would grab something to eat no problem came back in 陆 and it was ready. We were in our rooms by 2:00 p.m. Caribe Club (Buffet  Restaurants)The buffet was basic. You had one choice of carved meat (if you were lucky). There was pasta with different sauces (not bad). There were also stations with various types of food that were replenished. One night I found arroz con gaundules. I was in my glory. The white rice was dry and taste awful. Breakfast seemed to be the best part of the day. Bacon, pancakes, sausage, ham, omlets. One thing that drove me nuts was that you had to depend on the waitresses to get you your drinks. I always tip a dollar for the drink lady and a dollar for the clean up person since my kids do make a mess. But sometimes you are in a rush and it would be faster just to get in yourself. Also take a whiff in between the food stations (by the milk) it smells horrible.Well I did not like the buffet so much and spent much of my eating at the Brazilian restaurant. Why? Because I love rodizio. You can鈥檛 screw up chicken, sausage, steak or fish on the barbie. One downfall was the rice and black beans. Beans were hard as a rock. They could have cooked it more. I鈥檓 thinking they used fresh beans instead of canned. I tried the Italian once (wish I could have gone more but the kids drove me nuts) and it was very good. I come from a large Italian neighborhood and grew up making sauce and there sauce was pretty good, even the Alfredo. The staff at the restaurants were wonderful because we always gave then a few $. It goes a long way. As soon as we arrive they have a seat for us, drinks and baby chairs no need to ask.Iberostar (Buffet)The previous post mentioned poor beverage service?Did not try any of the restaurants because I鈥檝e been to them before and the buffet has such variety its just not worth trying to get a reservation. For some reason they were booked days in advance. Must have been crowded at this hotel that week. The buffet was awesome. For breakfast I had pancakes everyday. They were the best pancakes, better then mine! They had the usual breakfast items to include breads and spreads (diet and regular), nutella (my favorite) fresh juice, cereal, etc. And if they run out just ask they will run and get it for you. Lunch was awesome I ate at the beach bar on the PC side. They had roasted chicken, one kind of carved meat, hot dogs (daughter loved those because they are soft not rubbery), hamburgers, salads and the coldest ice cream you every had. You can get your own soft drinks. The fruit punch was great. They also had lunch on the other side with more select items like hot food, pizza, fries with cheese, pasta, fish and much more. You can also have lunch at the main buffet. They had all of the same items but included grilled chicken breast and rice and beans. My favorite. I was in my glory because I lost weight at Caribe Club. Dinner was great they had themed nights. Steak made to order, etc. Large selection. The steak is not like ours in North American but its decent when you throw it on a grill. If you want black beans or anything out of the ordinary, ask the head chef. He will make it for you. Give him a buck or two for his kindness. They are all very hard working and friendly people. Like I said been to the restaurant before but all the dishes they make there most can be found at the buffet.Caribe Club Pool/ BeachVery large size pool, clean with the exception of the entry point could have done a better job cleaning it. If you were thirsty you had to walk to the bar pool to get a drink. Loved the beach. It was flat, large and not a long walk to the water. This was the best part of the hotel. They had a party on the beach at night that was nice. The animation staff did a good job keeping everyone involved. The animation is not as friendly as the animation at Iberostar. My opinion they don鈥檛 like Americans. Iberstar Pool/BeachNice size they have two. Standard decent size pool. The Dominicana side is cleaner than the PC side. I鈥檓 thinking because the PC side is more closer to the beach and there is more traffic in and out of the pool. They can do a better job cleaning this pool throughout the day. There was poop floating from a parent not using a swimmer on there kid. How gross! The domincana pool is the activities pool. The star friends do an excellent job in this area and the aerobics is pretty fun. The middle of the pool is where you get your towels, books, board games etc. Also there is a guy who spray paints tee shirts for about $20 bucks. I bought quite a few. Dominicana side is more cleaner. People reserve chairs but who cares you are on vacation. Most times I would park my stuff in the shade jump in the pool then head back to the beach. What鈥檚 good about Iberstar is that there are plenty of Palpas. A short walk to your right there is a kids pirate ship in the sand. That proved useful toward the end of the afternoon to take a break from the activities with the kids. My opinion they cater to Europeans. They mingled w/ us because we are friendly but animation staff was hanging mostly w/ Europeans. I think because English is not there strong language but German, French, Portuguese I would think probably comes easier to them. They have a pretty decent airconditioned gym. The spa is right below. You can rent the jacuzzi for a few bucks an hour and it has hot water. I got a pedicure and it sucked but hey better then nothing. Star Rock Caf茅This was my favorite hand out spot. It was very cold. It鈥檚 a restaurant, which has open reservations between 7-11p.m. You can also walk in and get a drink at the bar or sit in a seating area and be served. It has a giant screen TV which plays various sports. Also has a pool table, pinball, football game, etc. Nice to hand out in until the DC club opens. It serves American food, which includes a very good chocolate brownie. The Star Rock is located over by the commercial shopping center. I would recommend being careful walking on that path with small children. The employees ride by with the golf carts and scooters on this path. Its not too lit at night and during the day they drive too fast (should post speed limits; yeh right we are in DR). One day we were invited to a return guest ceremony to meet the manager, have drinks (they gave us a gift bag w/ tshirts) and a man on a scooter (chef) fell off his motorcycle (loss control) and nearly missed my son in his double stroller. When he was making a turn he was being careful not to hit anyone and his eye wandered and he loss control of the scooter. I almost had a heart attack. I felt bad for him because he looked nervous (had no helmet) and hit the floor pretty hard. The assistant manager ran over quickly and asked if he was okay and mentioned if he hit any of us and to watch for the children. The SuperMercado at IberostarVery expensive. I would suggest to stop at the supermarket or bring from home if traveling with kids various snacks. I noticed upon my return to the airport there is a large supermarket on the right. It鈥檚 cheaper then the store in the hotel (much cheaper). I brought from home chips, cookies, peanut butter crackers (all came in little packets), fruit chews, etc. Great for the beach or pool. I also brought juice boxes because in the room they only have soda and beer. Oh and let me say a freedom of speech words. I met a lot of really nice people from the UK, Holland, Switzerland and Germany. I am Hispanic and the most Spaniards (Puerto Rico and Espana in particular) in the hotel were very stuck up. Its just common curiosity when you see someone every day and pass people on the hotel grounds to smile and give a nod or hello. Oh and as for children. I try very hard to show my two very young toddlers right from wrong. There are days when they just don鈥檛 want to cooperate and yes there are many. For some reason a lot of people thought it was okay to stare when a child is having a melt down. Now don鈥檛 you think its hard enough for a parent to deal w/ a melt down child let along deal w/ nosy people who stare? How rude! Get a life.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jer5t
<Content>Poor beverage service Stayed at the Iberostar Punta Cana For 5 days in July. Transportation to and form airport very efficient. Hotel check-in and check-out was very smooth. Hotel grounds, pool area, and beach area were immaculate. Very clean, gorgeous beach and pool, plenty of shade. Always a nice breeze on beach. Could swim and snorkel from beach. Snorkeling is better down the beach in front of the Iberostar Bravaro. Could stay on beach all day, every day! Hotel room okay/adequate. Air conditioner was an electric wall unit, very loud, we had it on high the whole time, and was barely cool enough. Otherwise, room was very clean. Food was adequate, I,m not a picky eater, just be careful of what you eat. BIG, BIG PROBLEM---BEVERAGES---You get 2 bottles of water  2 bottles of soda in your mini-fridge every other day. This is the only time you can get any beverage in a sealed bottle. All bars, resturants, etc., SERVED WATER FROM PITCHERS, SODA AND BEER CAME FROM TAPS/SPICKETS.  At a place that is rated so high,  not exactly cheap--I expected beverages, especially water, to be in individual sealed bottles. I had to buy bottled water in gift shop. I can't believe no one has complained about the beverage service. Woul not stay there again, for this reason.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was the best didnt have any problems whats so ever the people are lovely the beaches are beautiful and the hotel is very nicee and food was very tasty. i would definetely go back  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Put on your blinders for the topless women! My father won this 4 day trip from a local radio station...so the only cost was taxes and an extra room. If we paid the full price, I would be really disappointed. I am a very easy going person, so please do not think that I am the type of person to complain about everything.The hotel grounds and beach were beautiful. There are always people trimming the hedges and mowing the lawn. The beach was just as beautiful. I am an early riser, hitting the gym every morning, so I had no problem staking out 4 lounges under a tiki umbrella on the beach. I will say the most pleasant employee is the lady in charge of the pool towels!One thing about the beach....I have seen just about every variety of women's breasts by just sitting in my lounge chair. The hotel is largely European, and a lot of the women on the beach went topless. Being an American, it was unsual to see, and even more frightening were the men wearing thongs!The food...very disappointing. The food you see at lunch, is on the buffet at dinner, maybe slightly modified. Since we were only there for 4 days, we were only allowed to make reservations for 1 night in the a la carte restarant. Booking early is a good idea, but we tried and could only get a reservation for our last night. FYI...there is no difference between the 'european style' and 'american style' buffets for breakfast!The water issue in the Dominican Republic....they say don't drink it, so the hotel supplies 4 bottles in your mini bar. The only thing is, they only restock the minibar every other day...so the other days you are stuck drinking it from the soda fountain. It has a slight pineapple taste!Punta Cana is a beautiful place. There was a constant breeze so you were never hot on the beach. The water is the perfect Caribean blue, and just the right temperature. I would definitely go back to Punta Cana, just not stay at this resort.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good, especially the staff Overall very good. Some specific comments are as follows and relate to a 10-day stay in June 2006.STAFF: Waiters, cleaners, gardeners, maids and animators were all *extremely* pleasant and helpful (shop and reception staff were less so however). In general the hotel employees work very hard, for very long hours and very small wages. In my opinion the best money you can spend while there is on tips for these people. Apart from simply deserving it due to the great service they provide anyway, this way you know that your money goes direct to them (rather than the hotel's Spanish shareholders). If you get to see anything of the true state of the DR you will see that these people really need it. In return you can be sure that many of the little details of your stay will be taken care of.ROOM: Not 5* luxury but neither is this really appropriate in this type of location. Clean, simple, up-to-date and comfortable.BEACH: Great sand. Sea not particularly calm and gets deep quite quickly. Unfortunately lots of early-morning reserving of hotel loungers with towels. There are signs prohibiting this but the hotel appears to do nothing to enforce its own rules. Vendors of excursions, beach sports and restaurants ply their trade proactively, but are generally very friendly. They could be seen as a bit pushy but were always polite and at the end of the day they are working to support families from the commissions they make.ACTIVITIES: Lots of organised activities, and some pressure from animators to join in (light-hearted but not always welcome). At certain points in the day some activities involve loud music right beside pool and beach bathing areas which tends to disturb otherwise peaceful areas for an hour or so.BUFFET: Excellent food and selection, with enough variation day-to-day to maintain interest. Restaurant areas are not air-conditioned however and mealtimes were therefore hot and sweaty affairs. We had no bouts of sickness at all, and ate a wide variety of the fare offered.ENTERTAINMENT: Rather basic and aimed at a 'lowest common denominator' audience, but then again I'm not sure you can expect much more. In many cases the presenters/performers are the same animators who have been working so hard throughout the day. Their efforts are therefore very impressive, all things considered, especially given their abilities with multiple languages. The show and lobby bar areas have no air-conditioning and so were often uncomfortable.SPECIALTY RESTAURANTS: Not overly impressed but this was probably because the buffet was generally so good (and the restaurants seemed to be just an extension of the buffet in some ways). The occasional barbeques, paellas and other outdoor lunches set up in the bar beside the beach, with live music, were excellent: very pleasant, informal affairs.SHOPS: High prices for fairly simple stuff. Also, as usual profits here go to Spain rather than the DR though.MEDICAL CLINIC: Note that consultations here are not free. It may have been our imagination but we felt that the doctors and pharmacists were trying to push services/treatments that were not always absolutely necessary, with an eye on the money to be made. For example, on one occasion, two separate lotions plus a course of pills ($30 in total) for a simple heat rash.I would reiterate that the profits at this hotel go to Spain, not the DR. The DR is a poor country and the hotel employees work extremely hard, often depending on these jobs to maintain families they get to see only occasionally as they are based in other parts of the country. They are often subject to a punishing work schedule and a fairly harsh evaluation process on a regular basis. Be generous to these people, both in terms of tips and in forgiving any occasional slips.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful, relaxing resort My husband and I stayed at this resort from June 3 through June 9, 2006. We had a wonderful, enjoyable stay. The staff goes above and beyond the call of duty; they are pleasant, helpful and accomodating. The beach at this resort is amazing; the sand is soft and unbelievablly comfortable to walk on, even in 90 degree temperatures. I got up at 7 am every day to save a place in the shade, and you probably have until 8 am to get a good spot. Bring an old small beach tote and maybe one of your own towels to leave on the chairs, because it really makes the place you save personalized. We ended the day at the pool, which was never crowded and had lots of shade in the pool itself. Be careful--you can get burned easily here. Check-in was a breeze and we didn't like our first room, so we requested to be moved since the first room was hot and the view was horrible. That room was changed as quickly as possible and we were very happy with the new one. Check-out is very easy as well.The food is good at the buffet--kind of bland but lots of selection. It does get tiring after a few days, but it's okay. The best meal for us was breakfast--so much to choose from and the coffee was so good. Neither one of us got sick and we used ice, etc. We did use bottled water in the room. In addition to filling your mini refrigerator in the room, they will bring you a gallon jug of water for the bathroom. We tipped the maid in the room $3 per day and she was so nice and helpful. We left a tip at meals and the staff is very appreciative. We ate at the Steak House and at the Oriental restaurants for our specialty reservations. We liked the Steak House a lot, but the other was just okay. Lunch at the outside grill was wonderful--steak, seafood, pork, chicken--every day something else, with music, dancing and fun. It was wonderful to sit there on the beach and enjoy the festivities and finish the meal with an ice cream.The entertainment was fine, and the casino is nice if you gamble. The bars were never crowded and people are extremely friendly. We made many friends while we were there. There are not many Americans here--more Europeans and South Americans (especially on the beach, which has about 10% topless women). We met some great and interesting people. The negatives are few--one is that the food does get repititious. Also we stayed in the 5000 series of rooms, overlooking the beautiful pool with a view of the ocean and our room was great, air conditioning worked well, and water pressure was wonderful. But it was a very long walk to breakfast and dinner, since we were right at the beach. Senior citizens should be warned that it is about a 2 to 3 block walk back to the restaurants and, if it's raining, you do need an umbrella. The perimeter of the pool is very slippery. My husband fell and on the same day, two other people fell, one of whom broke his leg. So be careful of wet spots around the pool area. There is not much to do in the evening, so if you are early to bed, you will have no problem with that. The bars are almost always open,so you can sit and meet others. TV, of course, is limited but there are one or two American stations. The buffet restaurants are not air conditioned, so be prepared to be hot during your meals. Some of the specialty restaurants do have air, but your normal breakfast and buffet dinners are in an open sided restaurant so be forewarned about the clothing you take for dinner--it should be light. But these are minor things that don't really matter in such a great week.We hope to go back to the Iberostar Punta Cana. The resort is so beautiful, the grounds are immaculately kept, the flamingos and the pheasants are tame, the water and the beach are great, the pool is unbelievably inviting and uncrowded, the staff is absolutely wonderful, and the food was definitely good. All in all, a very relaxing and enjoyable place. You will love being here and we definitely recommend it.Jeannette  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ddwaz
<Content>IB Punta Cana - Great       More Public Beach  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place We stayed a week and had a blast. The grounds were immaculate and georgeousThe beach was beautiful, with fine white sand and went on forever.The room was nice, but not opulent.The bars were always open and not crowded.The pools were very large, meandering, and shaded in spots.Watch for the topless Europeans and South Americans. May surprise you!The food was good, not great. But this is an all-inclusive, right?Specialty restaurants were nice, but not great.The Health Bar by the pools serves fresh juice and was nice.Unfortunately, really not much to do on the rest of the island.Easy check-in and check-out.Very helpful front desk. Very friendly staff thru the entire resort.What more could you ask?  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it, would definately stay here again! Stayed at the Iberostar Punta Cana form the 24th May 06 till the 7th June 06. Loved every single minute of it. How anyone can give this hotel a bad review is beyond me. The staff are extremely helpfull and if there is anythink you want or need the staff will help you out more or less straight away. The food in the buffet restaurant was lovely and there was a huge choice too. The al a carte restaurants were fab too. My favourite was the oriental. Definatly make a visit to this one. You get a choice of chinese, thai, indonesian, japanese etc. Entertainment wise the animators were lovely. They always want you included in on the fun. Got to say a big hi to Mac. One the nicest blokes i've met. A diamond geezer. The reason behind the trip was for a wedding. A huge thank you is needed to Alexis who was the wedding planner and a huge help in making my uncle  aunties day very special. Everythink ran so smooth thanks to Alexis. Rooms where spacious  very clean. If i sat here and reeled off everything i had to say i'd be here forever. If you have any questions hopefully i can help, so just e-mail me.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>glorialagos
<Content>Wonderful - better than expected Stayed at Iberostar Punta Cana from May 27 - June 3. I can't believe anyone could ever write a negative review about this resort. The staff is incredible!! They were working constantely - cleaning, mopping, serving, etc. and every one had a huge smile and were usually dancing and singing. The grounds were gorgeous - flamingos and peacocks roam freely. It felt like we were in a zoo and/or rain forest.Pool was wonderful - cleam, warm water, lots of different areas, lots of shade, steps in different places if you wanted to sit.Beach was great - could snorkel right off the beach and see all kinds of fish - bring bread from the buffet to feed them and they'll eat out of your hand!Food was very good. Unfortunately a couple in a our party did get sick and that puts a damper on any vacation. I didn't have a bit of problems and ate everything and drank water with ice at every meal. The steakhouse was the best a la carte, Mexican was good, seafood OK and Star Cafe pretty bad (good appetizers though).Evening entertainment wasn't great but they tried hard and some nights were better than others. The animation team does a great job all day long - activities by the pool were always entertaining.Overall - perfect. There was something for everyone. We did all the activities possible at the resort - catamaran, snorkeling, kayaking, jacuzzi, gym, etc. We never left for any exursions - just took long walks on the beach. I walked alone a lot and always felt safe. The Dominican people are wonderful - always smiling, always helpful.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>radar20
<Content>More 2 star than 5 The hotel is billed as 5 star, but it's not. Spent 6 days there and from the start it was terrible. Our guarenteed ocean room became a second floor balcony that you couldn't over to see the plants in an enclosed terrarium. Went to three of the specialty  restaurants, and they were all horrible, with bland food, and the same stuff you got at the regular buffet. As for the buffets, I would bet that looking at the condition and appearance of the food, it was the same from day 1 through 6 if not eaten. Flies were landing on everything and birds did their business freely. No room service was available and the sheets were changed once during our stay. The air in the room was cold, colder, and frigid. If you called for service, it was hit or miss if you received any. They have a knack for passing the problems off. Drinks were either too strong or horribly weak and tasteless.The activities are non existent, and outside tours are a total rip-off for the money. Americans are a minority and it shows in the staff attitudes. Prices in the shops are outrageuosly marked up and the venders are not much better. I have vacationed around the world and this is the first time I could not wait to leave.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>rs9
<Content>Good Experience Stayed at the resort for 5 days/4 nights. Here is a brief opinion of the area and the resort:Hotel: The grounds are clean and well kept.Rooms: I want to thank a previous reviewer that said you should request a room in the newer area (6000 series of rooms) as they were updated. All other rooms were somewhat substandard. Although we requested the 6000 room before going, we had to raise the issue after receiving one of the other rooms. Other than some minor issues -- the new room was more than acceptable (the older room would have been less than acceptable).Food: The buffet was better than average. The specialty restaurants were good, however, the reservation system they use is a mystery (particularly if you are there for less than a week). Make reservations as soon as possible if you want the specialty restaurants.Pool: Extremely well kept and did not have a problem finding a chair in the area of our choosing.Beach: As good as it gets. No problem finding a seat of your choice.Other: I don't believe that tipping will get you any better service -- but that is not what tipping is about. The staff (housekeeping, bartenders, waitresses...) was extremely attentive and was well deserving of the tips.Overall a very good experience and would do it all over again. Hope this helps.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful! Wonderful! Wonderful!       pool  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible place!!!! We stayed at the Iberostar Punta Cana from May 5th thru May 12th, 2006, for our five year anniversary. This was the best and most beautiful vacation we have ever taken! The DR is a very beautiful country and this resort is exactly the same. The grounds at the resort are incredible! There are plenty of activities for all ages. I don't understand why anyone on this site would complain about the food, we found it delicious. Some of the food tasted different than here in the U.S., but what do you expect, you are in another country! The Mexican restaurant was DELICIOUS !!! We did not care for the tropical restaurant, though. There are bars everywhere. The beach is unbelievably beautiful, and the pool is HUGE. We have stayed at a lot of different places in the Carribean, but this was the best by far!! Don't listen to the negative r eviews. Some people will just never be happy with anything. There are a lot of Europeans. Beware of the Germans, they are very rude and ignorant. They think they rule the world !! Also, you have to go on the Outback Safari. It is the best tour we have ever taken. You get to go all over the mountains and see the Dominican people and how beautiful the country really is. You get free drinks all day and free lunch(which is very good). At the end of the day you end up at a beach that looks like a postcard picture to go boogie boarding. Definitely take this trip! Feel free to email me with any questions.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Place...Watch the food THE GREAT POINTS:Beach:The beach is beautiful. It has silky sand  warm water. A little bit of seaweed, but nothing that prevented me from enjoying the water. You can also walk to a flea market on the beach and haggle with the vendors. Most things you could offer 30% of what they were asking and they would sell you the item. It was alot of fun and the people are really nice. Resort Grounds:Beautiful resort grounds. I couldn't believe how amazing this place is and how maticulously maintained. Flamingos roam the grounds and even come up to you during dinner. People fed them out of their hands. Pool:Amazing as well. We mostly went for a dip after being at the beach all day. Later in the day, there is hardly anyone there and the pool is enormous. Diversity:There was many, many differnt cultures there at once...German, Italian, French, English, Australian, Spanish speaking, and American. We found that it was more rare to sit next to an English speaking person, than German or French. It was neat to experience that kind of diversity. Staff:They were great, nice,  go out of their way. It seemed that the waitstaff, barstaff and maid service speak very little English. It helps to know some common phrases. We tipped the maids $3 a day and always asked for more water. They were more than accomodating. The Apple Rep spoke perfect English and was really helpful. I would recommend going to the orientation meeting when you get there. THE VERY BAD POINTS:Food:My husband and I are not picky eaters, so even with the reviews, we didn't think we would have any problems. The food is ok. It is alot more bland than food in the US. The food in the buffet gets a little boring. However, the real problem came half way through our vacation. My husband and I both came down with severe food poisoning and spent most of the remaining 3 days in our hotel room. We got it at the European buffet. We don't know what we ate, but it really turned a great vacation into a horrible one. I am 18 weeks pregnant and was extremely cautious of what I ate during the week. I didn't eat any fresh fruits or vegetables in case they washed them in tap water. I also did not eat any cold cuts during the week. We also brushed our teeth with bottled water. We have no idea what we ate that got us sick, but it made us miss out on the a la carte restaurants and most of the vacation. We would not go there again, because we don't know how to avoid the same thing from happening.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rf523
<Content>Absolutely Pefect!! What a great time at the Iberostar Punta Cana. We, me, wife, and son 12, stayed April 17-24 and had about as great a time as you can legally have!!We arrived late due to flight delays, but were checked in very quickly, given a short orientation, shown to our rooms, and made it for dinner.The grounds are impeccable. We described it as a Disney Resort without the hectic times. There are always people cleaning, cutting grass and shrubs. Great views from the balcony and also of the courtyards inside the buildings.The room was more than adequate. A/C works great, comfy beds, well cleaned. We tipped the maid 2 or 3 dollars a days and always had a full fridge. Sink water pressure low, but lived with it.The pools were very nice. They vaccum and scrub them daily. Also, they pressure wash the pool areas every couple of days. The pools were huge and very refreshing.The beach was unbelievable!! The softest sand I ever felt. Spectacular views, sunrises and sunsets. Lounges were super comfy, great for the afternoon beach naps!! You do have to get out pretty early to get a palapa, but that was a minor inconvienience. Again, every couple of minutes you saw someone cleaning, picking up garbage, leaves, and even empty glasses and plates. Super relaxing. The water is warm and not very wavy, but one or two days the waves were slightly bigger. Great for walks on the beach. There are pockets of seaweed that seem to travel along the beach, but the move along daily. Even if they are right where you are, they are harmless and once you get past them, you are in clear water.The beach does have some women going topless. I didn't mind, and my son didn't seem to mind either. My wife was more offended by the men wearing speedos that had no business wearing them. If you are hung up on other people being topless, It really is not that bad. Maybe 5 to 10 a day.The large ship that is wrecked down the beach out to sea a bit is very neat looking and adds to the mystique of the beach.The small shops down the beach are about a 10-15 minute slow walk. They doo put pressure to buy, but the prices are ridiculously lower here. I bought a great bottle of 40 year old rum for $20. Much cheaper that the resort stores, but be careful what you buy.The entertainment was good. The beach activities were not for me, but my son loved them. Volleyball, soccer, bingo, areobics, archery, and even more. The shows at night were pretty good. Don't expect broadway, but they are better than I could be.The bars were everywhere and I never had to walk far. They do go light on the alcohol sometimes, so just ask for extra and they top it off. The beers, Presidente and Bohemia were ok, but they had an awkward taste after a while. I did see people with Heineken and Miller Lite, but I never asked for any. The food was great!! The buffets were almost identical every night. there were just small differences in the foods available. Almost everything I ate was great. Very tasty and a great selection. We ate at the Mexican, Gourmet, and Steakhouse restaurants. The Gourmet was simple. Set menu and you eat what they give you. It was very good, although small portions. The lobster was especially good. The steakhouse was average, but still good. The mexican was very good. Never had a bad meal. Never went hungry. If you can't find something to eat, it's your own fault.Checkout was easy, although sad (Tears from my son). Be prepared for the airport when you depart. We waited in the American Airlines line for over 1 hour 45 minutes to get our bags checked and then had to muddle through the customs and security. Just be patient and everything will work out. We had the best time and will be visiting this and other Iberostars in the future. They really lived up to their reputation.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Value I stayed at the Iberostar from April 23-30th. There were four of us women and we had a great time. Keep in mind, you get what you pay for. Considering we only paid $1200 per person for air, hotel and food/drinks, we felt it was a great value. No fine dining but certainly plenty of food to choose from. Make your reservations for dinner early and keep checking back to see if there are any available. They try to limit you so you only eat in the buffet. The grounds of the hotel are very nice and the beach is one of the best I've seen. My only complaint was the drinks....way to sweet for me. If I go back I will try to stay at the bavaro suites - from what people told us, they are nicer and you get more choices of restaurants. For a good value, I would definately recommend it.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>blondi21
<Content>Best Vacation I've been on!       Room  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stayed April 21 - 28 - Fabulous time We just got back and had a fabulous time. If you can't find something to do at this resort, something is very wrong with you. You can just relax on the beach or be active with all the activities. This was our 3rd time there and will return again. We stayed at the Iberostar Bavaro the last two times and the Punta Cana was just as good or even better. We found it to be more updated. The food was excellent. The place is spotless. The people are so friendly and will do anything for you. Our favorite restaurant was the Gourmet. The lobster was to die for. I also enjoyed the Oriental. I had the salmon and it was excellent. I do suggest you bring large mugs for drinks. It really kept them cold and you don't have to refill so often. Our favorite meal was the paiyee (pie e ay) on the beach. It is rice with lots of seafood and vegetables. Makes me hungry now just thinking about it. The weather was in the mid 80's the whole time we were there. You could not ask for anything better. Beach, sun and fun what more could you ask for. We wore a 50 sunscreen the whole time we were there. You could burn easily if you are not careful. The only complaint that I have is that it just didn't last long enough. Can't wait to go back again. And we will return.Jackie  Jim  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LESLIE1968
<Content>Great vacation Just returned from a weeks vacation at the Iberostar Punta Cana. Traveled with a group of five. This was our sixth trip to an all incusive and our second stay at an ibeostar resort. Last year we stayed at the Iberostar Paraiso Del Mar in Mexico. Overall we had a wonderful trip and we would go back to this hotel again but I thought that the Iberostar in Mexico was much better than this one as far as service and entertainment. Although Americans are in the minority here compared to europeans we did see alot of other americans here.Check in/front desk: Check in was a nightmare. We should have had our rooms by 3pm but did not get them until after 5pm. Very unorganized no one seemed to know what they were doing. We kept getting passed from clerk to another. We get our rooms and we were supposed to have ajoining rooms but they were on opposite ends of the hotel. They did upgrade us to a family suite though. Check out was a breeze.Food: We ate everything and did not get sick. Good variety of food and we never had a problem finding something to eat. We ate at the Mexican which was great, the steakhouse which was good and the Star rock cafe which was really bad we got up in the middle of our meal and went to the buffet to eat. We did have to wait in line for eggs and omlettes in the morning and we seemed to have a hard time getting refills on coffee and beer.Rooms: Rooms were clean and the beds were comfy. Hair dryers in the bathroom were terriable. Bring your own they sell adapters for 75 cents in the gift shop. No alarm clocks or irons in the room.Entertainment: The star friends work really hard. We did water aerobics played bingo and pool games and took dance lessons by the pool. The show at night were really bad. The only show that was good was latin night and they brought in professional dancers. They did have a really good band in the bar lobby every night.Service: Service was good and we didnt seem to have trouble understanding them. We did tip when we felt like we got good service. Never had a prolbem waiting in line for drinks at the bars.Grounds and beach: The best beach we have ever been on. Water was very warm. The hotels grounds are very pretty and well landscaped. We saw plenty of turtles, flamingos and peacockes. Got woken up every morning by the rooster.Pools: Two pools that are shared with the Dominicana side. You have to get up early to reserve loungers. The pool on the Punta Cana side was quiet and the dominicana side was where all the activities took place.Overall it was a great trip. Weather was great. We definatley plan on going back again but overall we thought that the Iberostar we stayed at last year was much better as far as service and entertainment. Feel free to email me with any questions  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>nfsharp
<Content>dominicans are super!! we (11 people) just got back from the d.r. last week and had a marvelous time. the place was spotless and the workers became our extended  family . we ate like kings and enjoyed our food and drinks very much.the coffee was an added attraction as were the breakfast. lunch and dinners. the dominicans are grateful for the little tips that we gave them. they love to get american dollars and most of them know many other languages-german, russian and english.we went on their outback safari to view their countryside and find out how quaint they live with very little money, but the proudest people that we have ever seen. it all ended with a swim on their beach that reminded one of the garden of eden. spectacular !!!!we met so many teriffic native people and they showed us how to live life to the fullest. it was one momentous time---by all means----go!!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>seagirl21
<Content>Wonderful Vacation Just returned from Iberostar Punta Cana yesterday 4/24After reading some reviews we were a bit nervous but we always say its just someones opinion and here is ours. We would definitely stay there again. Grounds are beautiful and spotless, beach is picked up all day from lazy people who dont know how to find a garbage can, and they are around. Beaches are pristine, some of the best we have seen and they go on forever, love the palm trees growing on the beaches. People are kind and helpful, most speak english. We asked for bottled water, beer and soda every day and got a full refrigerator. (did tip $2.00 daily, it helps) Rooms are spacious and clean, we had no problems with bugs at all. Room was basic but we were only in it to sleep and clean up, too beautiful of a place to spend too much time in the room. Food was plentiful, buffet had alot to choose from, try the beach cafe for lunch. Its all you can eat and right on the beach. Had chicken, pork, hamburgers, hot dogs, french fries, fruits, rice with seafood (wonderful). We ate at the tropical restaurant and it was just ok, mexican was a better choice. We did not get sick. Drinks were strong if you didnt order from one of the drinks premade in the machines, the slushy kind. We had brought a container and had it filled half with Brugal Anejo Rum and half with Cola Light!! Great!!! Filled as often as we wanted. Shop down the beach for art, tshirts, handcrafted items, it is very reasonable. Bought Brugal on the beach cheapest prices and barter with them, coffee too buy on the beach. We will definitely be back!!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ladyssecret
<Content>Great - if you are prepared We have travelled to the D.R. before and were prepared. We are a family of four - two kids, ages 4 and 7.Pros and cons:The hotel was very clean - the staff worked hard to keep it that way. Make sure your airport transportation takes you to the correct check in - there are three hotels all sharing a property.Upon check in we requested an upgrade and got a great set of rooms in Building 5, a king bed with an adjoining room with two twins - two tvs and two balconies, plenty of storage - perfect for parents with little kids. The drying racks on the balconies were an excellent feature - no wet suits in the shower or over balcony rail. We tipped the maid right away and gave her a list, in Spanish, of what we did and didn't want in the refrig, and asked for extra towels. She was great about that.The pool is great fun for the kids, as is the beach. Bring pool toys and sand toys for the kids - buckets and shovels, inflatable balls, etc. You can leave them there at the end. I also brought bubble stuff and coloring books, playing cards for poolside entertainment.Bring 3-4 bathing suits per person. You won't need alot of clothes! Men do need long trousers for the reservation type dining. Make those reservations on day one as soon as you can for the rest of the trip.The food was just like it seems to always be in the DR - weird!I followed the Tripadvisor reviews - don't eat anything not cooked. The desserts were good. Lunch at La Cana by the beach was good - grilled chicken and pork loin, french fries, soft serve ice cream, popcorn for snacks. For dinner the La Cana steak place was ok - order the top sirloin. Frankly we bring food and drink in with us. I brought chocolate milk, juice boxes, soda in bottles, lemonade and lemonade mix. I will bring water next time - there is no bottled water at the bars. I brought food too - yogurt, cheese, pretzels, cereal,pringles ,snacks for the kids, nuts, candy. I was glad of it. The food was presented in a clean and organized way, but just wasn't good. We expected the food issue, and just love the guaranteed good weather and clean facilities. We would definitely go back.Bring bug spray - there were some mosquitos. Three bottles of sunscreen suited us fine - you can get burned very fast if you aren't careful. Rashguard swimsuits for kids are great.The entertainment was fun, always something to do if you want to, and they leave you alone if you don't. Other guests were fun to meet and the atmosphere was congenial and friendly.One final recommendation - DO NOT fly into Santo Domingo! Very bumpy, traffic filled three hour ride to hotel! We won't do that again.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SteveAugusta_Maine
<Content>Wonderful Trip We spent the last week in the DR and it was wonderful. The staff was super and worked very hard to please. The beach was too die for. You can't go wrong with Iberostar  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great vacation just returned from punta cana iberostar. very nice resort. staff very accommodating and helpful. grounds well kept. food your average resort food. beach was great. water sports good. i would return to this resort. Manati park swimming with the dolphins very enjoyable. learn a few words in spanish for the staff it goes a long way. although they all spoke english. we had no communication problems. room was a very nice size and always clean.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BlueWater58
<Content>Iberostar Punta Cana-Best Vacation Ever!!!! Arrived at airport-luggage was a small problem but worked out well-Hotel was fabulous but we initally had room on the first floor (VERY DAMP)so we asked to be transferred to the 2nd floor and that was fine. The beach was perfect, NO coral in the water; Palapas had to be reserved by 7:00 AM but well worth the early wake up! Buffets were clean, Well presented, and staff was soooooo accommodating; had breakfast each day in one of the 3 buffets; don't miss the lucheon at 1:00 at the beach grill--- This brought out the chefs, music, dancing, specialty drinks and a fabulous luncheon meal that we felt was excellent because each day was different!!! (lobster, shrimp, mussels, clams, shiskebob-beef, pork, chicken, etc. great food, really clean rooms, enterainment was okay but who cares when you can go to the casino. We felt this was one of the best vacations ever and we when we travel to Riviera Maya next year we will certainly consider staying at the Iberostar chain. P.S. about 95% of the people at this resort were not american; countries like England, Belgium, Canada, etc. We just loved it and would and would return.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid at all costs!!! Very very very dissapointing trip. For the amount of money paid, this resort was just awful. As noted, the food was horrible, not only bad tasting, but our family of 5 had 3 people become ill from the food. Grounds were not kept very clean or sanitary and theft is a major issue. We had housekeepers go through our bags and steal money, gifts, and cell phones. When we went to report the incident, there were several others reporting thefts as well.I will never go back to another Iberostar resort, and I urge anyone who reads this to look elsewhere for a vacation. I guarantee dissapointment.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed at Iberostar Punta Cana Stayed at Iberostar Punta Cana (Punta Cana and Dominicana are same for all practical purposes) from late March to early April. We were very disappointed. Iberostar has a great reputation but this did not live up to it in any way. Food at buffet was huge disappointment. Other resorts reportedly have lavish buffets with a large variety of foods. This was not the case at Iberostar. Just chicken, burgers, meat leathery tough...same food day in day out. Rooms were also disappointing. Maids don't change sheets for entire stay. With all the beach activity, your sheets are mighty moist and sandy by the end of your trip. Also, our room (and many others of guests we talked to) had ants. Little sugar ants all over bathroom  sink. With respect to mini-bar, if you look closely at bottled water, you will see that all but one or two of the little seals on the caps are broken and the bottles have clearly been refilled. Not good. Front desk was a joke. Every complaint met with sure, no problem then never fixed. Grounds were very pretty, drinks were good, beach is wonderful. But, as a resort, and as an Iberostar, the Iberostar Punta Cana and Dominicana have a lot of problems (most notably basic cleanliness of rooms  food) that such a level of resort should not experience. I would not stay here again and would not recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>flterrell
<Content>Dream Vacation       kids show  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JackieJoy
<Content>A long, honest review.... We stayed at the resort March 31- April 7, 2006. We had an amazing time. ARRIVAL- We used USA 3000 out of Milwaukee and had NO problems leaving the country. Staff on flight was nice and served breakfast with drinks. They also showed a movie which made the 4.5 hour flight go by faster. The weather was not the best while in the air, and it was very bumpy(I HATE flying to begin with, so I pretty much white knuckled it the whole way there), but you can't blame the weather on them!. Arrival at the Punta Cana airport was dissapointing because it was raining(think downpour). Other than that it was a breeze getting thru customs, ect... My only advice is to hold on to your bags due to the fact that workers will grab them and wisk them to your bus 50 feet away and then expect a tip. We just politely said no thanks and carried our own luggage. There was an Apple rep that was right there and directed us to our bus- no problem. The 45 min. bus ride was fine and we were at the resort in no time. CHECK-IN- We got to the resort about 1pm and our room was not ready so we sat around and had drinks/ate. The lobby is beautiful. Very clean and tropical. We couldnt use the beach because it was raining(again, think downpour) but that didnt bother us. We spent all afternoon checking out the resort. Finally... by 5pm our room was ready. I had e-mailed them a week before and asked for an upgrade, and we got it. The reason it took so long to get our room ready was because they upgraded us to an ocean view room and the people before us were late checking out. Believe me, it was worth the wait. ROOMS- I can't speak for anyone else, but our room was great. The view was wonderful(They only have a few ocean view room on the resort), it was clean, mini-bar was stocked and the air worked great. It does shut off automatically when you open the sliding glass door, but definitely not a big deal. We slept with our sliding glass door open every night to hear the waves from the ocean! One of the negatives was our sheets were not changed the whole time we were there. I didnt notice it until the end, but I had spilled soda on the bed the first night we were there and the last night I noticed the stain was still there. They also were shaky on cleaning the bathrooms, but what do you expect when there is only 5-6 maids for 300 rooms! Our minibar was always stocked and our room was cleaned by 2pm every day.BEACH- The best. Word of caution, you DO have to save a chair in the morning, no later than 9am. If you don't, you will not get one. We were up by 7 am every morning and we could get chairs, but even at that time all the ones under the huts were taken. It was a pain and your not supposed to do it, but when EVERYONE was doing it, you had no choice if you wanted a chair. I can't speak what it was like by the pool because we spent all our time at the beach.\SERVICE/FOOD- Service was fantastic!! Always smiling, friendly, personable. Food in the buffet was average at best, but I always had something to eat. We did not have any problems getting in the specialty restaurants. Steak house- wonderful, Gourmet restaurant- wonderful(we ate there twice). I was very careful on what I ate. I didn't eat anything raw except friut. I didnt drink the water or milk. Didnt eat the eggs or cold salad/meats. Basically if it was not cooked, I did not eat it. I did not get sick. My hubby ate everything and was sick for 2 days. Go figure..All in all it was the best. Only minor problems. LOTS of europeans. We actually enjoyed this because we made friends from Canada, Germany, Swiss and UK. I would say 70% europ. and 30% Americans.(Europeans sure love the speedo!)Weather was hot and sunny 6 out of 7 days. Grounds were immaculate. I feel bad for the people who had a tough experience. I would definitely stay at another Iberostar. After we visit a few other destinations, we will be back to this resort. Any questions feel free to e-mail me. kaufmanrn@hotmail.com  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>krisjen
<Content>PARADISE We stayed at this resort and loved every minute of it.The resort is absolutely beautiful. The rooms were very clean.No matter where your roomis you get a great view. The food at the buffet was good. Lots to choose from. Ate breakfast at the main buffet. Ate lunch at the 2 by the beach. Again much to choose from. Ate dinner at the mexican restaurant which was ok and at the steak house which we lived very much. Liked the atmosphere at the steak house. Also at the star rock cafe twice. No reservations needed there. Can have anything from fish, steak to burgers and fries. Loved the staff all over the resort.  They are all so friendly and happy. Make sure to tip them because they all do such a great job. They are always singing and dancing. I have great respect for the dominican people from seeing them work. I really cannot say enough about this place. We are definately going back. I read some negative reports on here and was a little nervous to go but found out they were not true. I think some resorts like to trash each other. I am picky about a clean room and ours was very clean.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fun Family Vacation I've used Tripadvisor for advice on trips and wanted to contribute my experience. Just came back from a week at the Iberostar Punta Cana with my wife and 2 boys (9 and 10 yo). It was a fun filled vacation. The grounds are well kept and beautiful. Upon check in, our room was located near the lobby, very far from the beach. I requested a room closer to the beach but with no results. I then gave the front desk representative a $20 to move us closer to the beach. Since it was after 4pm on a Saturday and the place was full there was nothing he could do until the next day. The next morning I was moved to a ocean front room with a beautiful view of the ocean. I tipped the maid $2 and requested in Spanish (rudimentary) extra towels and bottle waters daily. To my surprise, the maid also had a double mattress moved to our room. So now we had 4 beds (3 doubles and 1 small couch bed in our 1 room. It was such a luxuary.) I tipped the maid $1 per day and received great service. We made reservations at the a la carte restaurants the second day. But be forewarn that the reservations go fast even though the restaurants are always 2/3 empty. I can't figure out why they are so difficult to obtained. We ate at the steak restaurant, oriental restaurant, and the gourmet restaurant which were all very good. I tried to tip the restaurant host at the oriental for a table but he would not do it. The wide beach is gorgeous with very fine sand and warm water. We spent all our days at the beach. The ample hay umbrellas on the beach were great. But you must save the seats before 8AM to obtain a umbrella. We ate lunch at the La Cana and at the grill and buffet at the beach on the Domicana side and it was decent and very convenient. Activities were plentiful. The buffets were plentiful. I had the grilled fish, rice, and fruits everyday and were very tasty. We drank bottle water every day and brought it with us to the beach every day as it was only availabe in the room minibar. None of us got sick. It rained 1 day and showered 1 night but umbrellas are only necessary to go the beach restuarants as a covered walkway connects the lobby and the rooms. The vendors at the hotel are very aggressive which we tried to avoid. We really had a great time. The airport processing really took almost 2 hours so schedule accordingly. The airport bag handlers are very aggressive so guard your bags if you do not need help with transporting your bags 50 to 100 feet. I would definitely go back to the resort with hesitation.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We Love Dom Rep..!! Me and my boyfriend arrived at Iberostar Punta Cana on 8th March. After a 6 hour delay we couldn't wait to relax in the hotel.! Because it was late when we arrived we vacated straight to our room.. wow, it was gorgeous! we had a view of the pool and the lovely gardens! Obviously we didn't appreciate this properly until the next morning!We couldn't believe our eyes.. the hotel was beautiful. The gardens are always kept in top condition. The rooms are lovely and clean.. they get cleaned everyday, and your mini bar gets topped up everyday too! yes!! The staff are lovely! Watch out for Marcelo in the lobby bar.. he's so much fun!!The beach was pure paradise. it is very busy but don't let that put you off!! The pool is lovely, although there are alot of sunbed hoggers!! You have to get down early for a decent seat!The food at the hotel was just perfect. We couldn't believe how much variety there was. You could choose where you wanted to eat.. you wasn't stuck to specific restaurants! Which is always nice! We fell in love with the steak bar (buffet at lunch time on the beach!) the food there was to die for!!Whilst in the Dominican we did two trips.. the Outback Safari, this was showing you around some of the island! We visited a typical Dominican house, had lunch in a mountain ranch and had a sing song with the local school children.. a real eye opener and great fun!The second was the Carribean Festival, a snorkelling trip! What great fun.. the guys on the boat are a barrel of laughs and the snorkelling is excellent! You also have the chance to swim with nurse sharks and stingrays too! -this was a scary experience but i am so gald i did it!! We also went parasailing.. this was on the beach and it was awesome! It was something that we have always wanted to do and doing it over Punta Cana beach was so special. You can see for miles. A real bargain at 75$ too!!The casino was a real treat.. having not been to one before me and my boyfriend was quite confused but soon got the hang of it! Cant say that the Dominican brought us any luck though!! After leaving the casino at about 2 o clock we'd head for a slice of pizza from the buffet.. it was just like been at home!!Something to definetly look out for is the flamingos.. they are the coolest! They are so cute!! Watch out for George though.. the hotel cockeral! He's huge!! -Just minds his own business though!All in all our stay at Iberostar Punta Cana was thoroughly enjoyed. We would recommened this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>casino6n8
<Content>Great place !!       View from room  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible Eight of us went for 5 days. We should have suspected something wrong when they told us to check out our rooms before they brought in our luggage. We went to our rooms to find them having a terrible odor of mildew and sewage. The mattresses were very thin and the pillows looked thin enough to not be much use. We went back to the desk and told them our complaints, they seemed to almost expect our complaints. They then moved us to the newer building. The mattresses were better, pillows the same. Again, that same mildew odor with sewage. The toilet in our room did not flush properly, and the bathtub did not drain properly. The water was calf deep as you showered. ICK!!! Our complaints were met with, we know we have a plumbing problem. The APPLE rep was nice, but seemed over whelmed, and could do nothing. The food was BAD. We ate a lot of peanut butter. We attempted to make reservations in the restaurants, but in 5 days could only get in to two. We tried this as soon as we checked in. The two that we did go to, was a little better than the buffets. Grounds were pretty and kept up. I came home with some upper respiratory thing, and 3 of the rest of my group have diarrhea. We only ate on the grounds and were told it was safe to drink that water. We would NEVER go back and never take another APPLE vacation.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>amiller121780
<Content>Paradise-will return! My mom and I stayed for 5 days at this resort and it was a perfect relaxation destination! We are 25yr and 59yrs and had a fab time! The hotel room and grounds were impeccable. We saw staff cleaning all day long-no complaints! The room was very and had soap/shampoo/lotion/hair dryer, but I brought my own hairdryer (high power!). Bring outlet adapters! Hotel shop sells them for $1 too. 1 beach towel is given so dont bring one with you!! You have 2 buffets and 5 restaurants to choose from. You eat at the buffet daily and can make reservations for restaurants depending on the number of days you stay. We stayed 5 days and were given 2 dinner reservations. The steak house wasn't great, but we loved the Japanese restaurant. Quick run down on the food..breakfast: full cooked Am(eggs, bacon, omlets, pancakes, Fr toast, European Brkf: meats, cheeses, yogurts, croissants (yum!) and FRESH made juice every day! Lunch-hot dogs, chicken, beef, hamburgers, fruit, salad, fries, bread. Dinner-thin steak, fish, chicken, pork, pizza, potatoes, veggies, fruits, salads, desserts etc. If you dont find something you like, it's your own fault! Get to the beach by 9 to claim your chair and then go to breakfast. Beach is full of people but I enjoyed people watching. The beach is pristine..no shells/rocks...smooth sand and perfect blue water. The hotel runs activities all day: spanish lessons, aerobics, bingo, archery, salsa lessons etc...again if you're bored...you're fault. My mom did aerobics/bingo, I laid on the beach listening to my iPod..no complaints! Evening entertainment is ok. I enjoyed listening to local musicians and learning to dance, but the skits they have are corny. The only downside to the whole thing is the evening entertainment. They dont have professionals, but we are Americans have come to expect it. We watched the shows some nights, others we went to bed early to catch rays early! Drinks were always pouring but rather weak. That was great for me bc I drank all day long. If you want top shelf liquor you can ask for it and maybe ask for stronger drinks...but I wasnt interested in stronger drinks. Pina coladas come from a slushi machine (but i still liked it)! Shopping-there are a few shops with the same stuff but barter before you buy! On the beach start at 1/3 of what they offer ($30 say $10). On carribean St. its a little more expensive. Make sure you Bring SUNSCREEN/aloe bc it's $15 american there. No need to change money to pesos, the Am $1 is perfect. Enjoy your stay and if you have any questions or want to see photos email me at amiller121780@yahoo.com  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful grounds - poolside drink selection terrible! Stay - 1/01/06 - 1/04/06 - I have used this site many times in determining where to stay and wanted to write this in an effort to help others in deciding where to stay. Iberostar had very nice rooms and immaculate grounds. The workers were constantly cutting the hedges and manicuring the grounds - absolutely beautiful! The only downside is that we really enjoy our cocktails on vacation - there is no swim up bar - no waiter service on the beach and no actual bar to sit at the on the beach (it is a walk up service bar). The drinks at the beach are beyond drinkable - screwdrivers are vodka and an orange type of Fanta mix - margaritas are tequila and some kind of lime mix, and wine - (I was not expecting to be good anyway )- but was somewhat like what you would expect fermaldyhyde to taste like. However - they had excellent Spanish champagne if you are a wine drinker that I highly recommend - BUT - you can only get it at the lobby bar (also can get real juices at the lobby also). They had a great 50's sports bar that we watched the Bowl games which was FANTASTIC! Liquor is 2nd tier (no Jack Daniel's available!). The other issue that we ran into was reservations for the restaurants. They would not allow you to make reservations after 12:00 for the same evening - which you cannot usually check in until after anyway. We were only there for a three night vacation - they could only get us into a restaurant at 9:30 our second night - however - we missed it due to the GA Sugar Bowl. Our 3rd night, we ended up showing up at the steakhouse on the beach unannounced and were able to get in with a little pleading -(I gave him a tip - but I think that he would have let us in anyway! ) The food was really great and I am glad that we made the atempt! Not sure that we would go back - but would to Punta Cana again.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Vegin-out               More photos  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I don't wanna Punta Cana!!! My husband, myself and our 3 children traveled to Punta Cana for Spring Break. Our stay was for 7 dys. I will agree that the location of the Bavaro and all its scenery was beautiful!! The color of the ocean, the sand on the beach, the Palm trees, was like nothing I have seen before..truely breathtaking...Now on to the experience...The accomadations were O.K. If you are traveling with children I would suggest staying in the villas numbered in the 1300's. Our room was 1305 and it was right next to the beach and the pool. As far as maid service went, sheets were not changed frequently, on one set of the sheets was what looked like a rust stain and I called to get fresh sheets. Also we found under one of the beds an ashtray with cigarette buds in it..we do not smoke, so apparently the room was not thouroghly cleaned before our arrrival. Things like this made me uncomforable, wondering how clean this place was and how often it was really cleaned!!! Also KEEP YOUR BELONGINGS IN THE SAFE!!! My youngest son had his Gameboy stolen out of the room!! The staff could care less about our inquiry as to where they think it went. Carlos, our Apple Rep. was absolutly NO HELP, and was only concerned about whether we had made our dinner reservations for that evening!! He was a jerk!! So this experience has left me with a bad taste for the Bavaro! The food was aweful..always cold at the buffet, strange tasting burgers, overall, not to our liking..This was OUR expereince, others I am sure will rave about it..everyone will have their own take..We look foward to going back to Mexico next year where we had a great time.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>2	4	-1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>briliant My family have just returned home from the punta cana for the third time, we love it. The children are looked after, my son who is seven spent two weeks in one of the four pools, coming home with webbed feet.!! My daughter (2 1/2) felt so independent and quite happy to get her own ice-cream. We all felt safe that she could do this. The staff were great as usual ans it was lovley that some of them remembered us from our previous visit even though that was a year before. Thank you all for a wonderful time, so wonderful in fact that we have already decided we will be back next year..  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dx2
<Content>Great place I'm just now writing this review beacause we are getting ready for another vacation and am thinking about what a great time we had in Punta Cana. First of all let me say that Punta Cana has THE MOST BEAUTIFUL BEACHES I've ever seen. (And we've been to Hawaii, Cancun, Cozumel, Playa del Carmen)The water is turquoise blue and white soft sand. At the Iberostar Punta Cana you can walk forever and there is a market to shop at not far down the beach. (Great for bargining and souveniers,etc.) Without going on forever, I am just going to list our experiences at the Iberostar Punta Cana.Hotel- Very nice, clean and good size rooms. Check in was easy and staff was pleasant. Our view was of the staff accomadations so that was dissappointing but we were not on the balcony too much anyway. The grounds were very clean. Pool very clean. The resort is very large. Plenty to do. Acitvities around the pool, ping-pong, archery competions, air rifle shooting competitions, dancing, games, beach volleyball. (My teens particularly liked these types of activities.) We are happy to sit on the beach all day. Beach_AWESOME There are many activities on the beach. Volleyball, soccer, windsurfing, kayaking. All included. Again teens liked this. There is banana boat rides (and parasailing I think) available for a fee. We are a family of four and this was great fun. You can walk forever and enjoy. Very calm waters. Restaurants- OK but food is not the most important to us. Buffets were the usual salads, pastas, fruit, lots of hot dogs and french fries at the pool areas.Ala carte restaurants were good. Its been about a year since we've been there and I don't really remember the food being really good or bad. Drinks at the bars are OK. Nothing special.Excursions were GREAT! We went through Apple Vacations and that is the only way I book trips to Mexico to assure that everything is handled with efficiency. We did the Outback Safari day trip. IT was the best!!!!About 20 people in the back of a open air truck, you visit a native family in their home, go through towns, visit a sugar cane plantation, and boogie board at the most beautiful beach EVER! Lunch and drinks are included and Geraldo our guide was excellent. This is by far the best excursion we've ever been on. Very interesting to see how the locals live and view the beautiful countryside.We also did an excursion where you take a boat out to swim with the sharks. That was fun also.I could go on and on but I think you get the idea. This is a great place to visit as couples or with family. We would definitely go back,(however this year we are trying Puerta Vallarta, we like to try different places. But I think we're going to have a hard time bettering Punta Cana)  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>looby62000
<Content>Fabulous!       Inside the puna cana building  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tecknik
<Content>Like bathrooms? Bad food? No chair by the pool?       typical food spread of lunch meats  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>1	4	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise for a while.... I stayed at the Iberstar Punta Cana from February 22 to March 1, 2006. My husband and I vacationed there with 21 other people. It was incredible at first. Kudos to Apple Vacations and their employees - especially Emmanuel, Big Papa, and John. Also, sexy Hector at the check-in will do anything to make sure your stay is comfortable. The flight, check-in and hotel are marvelous. The hotel is very clean - no bug or smell problems at all. The catamaran trip is absolutely wonderful. The bus ride to the trip deport is a little long, but you get to see the real people, their homes, their lives along the way....really interesting and humbling. The Dominicans are very friendly. Bargaining down the beach was fun....they are so friendly! FOOD however is a whole different issue. The buffet allows you to choose whatever you want. There are a lot of choices...I don't know what I did, but I became very ill after 4 days....I only drank bottled water...so it had to come from the food...I eventually went to doctor upon coming home and had to take mega antibiotics to cure. The food although plentiful and a variety....became very boring...to me it all smelled the same. The restaurants were not difficult to reserve. Out of the 23 of us, only 3 became ill toward the end. Bring suntan lotion...see you next year!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelwilz99
<Content>Loved it!       Pic of the Hotel  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Laureymidwest
<Content>Very nice but won't go back! We traveled to Punta Cana on February 19th through the 26th. This resort is beautiful, but to big to really get to know other guest. I will say that we thought it was one of the most beautiful beaches we have ever been on. There was ten of us on this trip, and I think everyone enjoyed themselves. A few had problems with things in their rooms. Like some had phone problems,others electricity problems. Our rooms were in different parts of complex, which really wasn't any problem. But you do a lot of walking to get anywhere. We all thought the nightly shows were terriable. We have been to a lot of resorts and this was the worse in that department. Also no jacuzzi around pool, you have to make a reservation in the health club to you use them. They only hold four people each and I believe there was only four jacuzzi's. We were kinda bumbed about that after a long day in the sun we like to hit that before dinner. All the restaurants were very good! Even if you are a picky eater you can find something to eat. Just check on the times when you get there of the ones on the beach. They have different times when serving food, which I thought was a little odd. Service at these places was pretty good, maybe a little slow in a few. Do check them all out, our favorite was the steak house. After reading many reviews in this site, I did take some wash clothes of color to have and I am glad I did. Also I did buy a adaptor for my blow dryer, I think I paid around 50 cents in the gift shop.  We also walked down the beach to the venders and purchased many beautiful pictures. Be in the mood to bargain with them and you can get it pretty cheap! I love doing this but my husband stands outside the huts and watches and just shakes his head. Well enough from me, I wouldn't tell you not to go here but it was just to big for us. But again the best beach we ever saw! P.S. You do get to see a lot of bare chested women, young and old!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>zoeg
<Content>Viva Iberostar! Just returned to winter after a fine week at the Iberostart Punta Cana February 18-25,2006. What a wonderful place. As we stepped off the transfer bus into the lobby 3 smiling people greeted us with a Bienvenidos, open arms, and a tray full cool drinks. What a pleasant beginning. Even though our rooms were not quite ready, the beach called to us. And when we got there, it could be walked for miles. The ocean was wet enough to rinse your body of the sand and warm enough to just barely lower your core temperature. There are palapas for the shade lovers and lots of sand for the people yearning for sun. The pool area is protected from the wind making the air and water a little warmer. In the pool area you can find a massage hut, a towel hut, palapas, a healthy fruit juice bar, and an arts and craft area. On the Dominicana side there was a rather large outside grill and restaurant. In addition to 2 bars there is an ice cream bar. The activities centered in this area. The Punta Cana side of the pools hosted a smaller bar and restaurant right on the beach. It was nice refueling with my toes in the sand.  Service is the name of the game at Iberostar. The staff members were all very fun, friendly and attentive to our needs. I felt like, Norm, on CHEERS, we were greeted by name. The chef at the Iberostar complex does his best to include foods from many parts of the world. Two buffets sit on either side of a little walkway of pink flamingos. One buffet has a north american cuisine and the other buffet has an european cuisine, no reservations necessary. There are 5 other restaurants available for dinner with a dinner reservation. Ismayli is the very kind dinner reservation lady. When you make your reservations, please greet Ismayli as the Dominicans do with a , que lo que.(How's it going?)We happily recommend the Iberostar Bavaro Beach Complex.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>D&D2-16-07
<Content>Packing and returning immediately!!               More photos  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great vacation, great hotel, can't wait to go back we were originally scheduled to get to punta cana on feb 13, but the storm on the east coast forced us to arrive on the 14th. we had reservations at the riu bambu, but were informed that those reservations were no longer valid, since they had apparently oversold the hotel. our travel agent and apple vacations were able to move our reservation to the resort next door to the riu, the iberostar punta cana, and we could not have been happier. from check-in to check-out our experience was absolutely positive. o.k., so the food is not so great, but it was plentiful and we could always find something satisfying and filling.the beach is spectacular, and the thatched umbrellas were very much appreciated for two very pale new englanders. there was never a problem finding an unoccupied umbrella or lounge chairs, either on the beach or at the pool.we were there to enjoy the beach, pool, and sun, so did not take advantage of any of the trips that were available, or any of the resort activites, but they were plentiful, and we observed other guests having a great time. we did get a kick out of the activities staff, whom it seemed never got any time off. we especially enjoyed the anctics of diaper boy and soopah manthe staff was terrific, and despite our very limited spanish, there was almost no problem communicating. a smile goes a long, long way.our room was very comfortable (we did not find the bed all that hard, as other reviewers have), the grounds are simply gorgeous, the weather was fantastic, and despite the not so great food, and the evening shows that were uninspiring, we look forward to returning to the iberostar. for the size of the resort and the large number of guests, we did not feel like we were just a number, but were made to feel very comfortable  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cancun_Bill
<Content>Honest review with pictures ...       the courtyard of our building  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxing Vacation! We were at the Iberostar Punta Cana from 2.3 - 2.10. Hope our posting helps you prepare for your trip!Staff: We had very little problem communicating with the staff. We learned some Spanish before we left and most of the staff speaks at least a little English 鈥?we met other people on our flight who had major communication problems, we always got what we needed/wanted across. We tipped our maid every day with trinkets we brought with us or a few $$US 鈥?at the end of the week we tipped those people that really served us well during the week, talk to them though because they head home for their 3-4 days off in weird shifts so make sure you don鈥檛 miss one of them! Grounds: Gorgeous and immaculate 鈥?you will love the walk from the beach/pool up to the main lobby鈥檚. Room: We had room 5161 it was near the Pool, very pretty view of the immaculate grounds 鈥?king bed. The bed and pillows are horrible, very uncomfortable lucky for us we had a few cocktails every evening and a few of those fruity drinks after a day in the sun you could fall asleep anywhere! Ladies, bring your own hairdryer, the one in the room is very weak and ours smelled funny. We weren鈥檛 in our room a lot but it was comfortable and always clean when we got back from the pool/beach in the afternoon.Pool/Beach: The beach and the pools were amazing. 2 identical pools, plenty of space to lounge and be left alone or if you want to be over with the activities you can do that as well. The Beach is huge and gorgeous, white sand, and plenty of room to spread out and they have 2 volleyball courts and a soccer court on the beach. My boyfriend did most of the activities every day where I just sunned myself, we had an amazing time and we were not harassed if we said no they went on to the next group asking them if they wanted to participate. We did reserve chairs everyday before we went to breakfast, we saw that 鈥渆veryone鈥?was doing it and even though it鈥檚 a pain it saved us from having to walk around later in the morning asking 鈥渋s that chair taken鈥?and dragging seats all over the place. If you don鈥檛 reserve a chair there are plenty around you just might have to do a little manual labor to get to them!Food: Let me start with this, I am a picky eater and I did not have a problem with the food at the hotel. If you are extremely picky you might get a bit bored but you will NOT starve. We did the buffet for breakfast every morning 鈥?the beach grill for lunch and we moved all over the place for our dinners. The ala carte鈥檚 are great 鈥?make your reservations early (like the day you arrive) as some of them fill up quickly. We actually went out 4 times, they don鈥檛 keep track very well so make 2-3 reservations the first day, then go back a day or 2 later and make another 1-2 reservations, it works! I recommend the Oriental and the Steakhouse (Americans avoid the ribs, they aren鈥檛 like home鈥? 鈥?the Mexican was only so-so and they have a Mexican station at one of the buffets that was better than the taco鈥檚 I ordered there. Tips: We did the Bavaro Runners day trip 鈥?it was a very educational trip but it was all day, our truck was overcrowded and most of the roads in the DR are not paved. I would not recommend this trip to anyone with a child under the age of 15, physically it鈥檚 a long day. If you are into seeing the culture of a place up close then this is a great trip 鈥?we prepared by going to a Dollar Store and buying things for children (crayons, markers, chalk, pencils, candy, etc) and we divided them up into individual baggies which we were then able to give to the children, they were a HUGE hit!We got a massage on the beach at the hotel, book early as if you get a little bit of a sunburn the massage won鈥檛 feel as good as it should! We got ours on Day 2 they were amazing only $50 for 1 hour massages and we loved being in the covered hut hearing the waves crashing around us, we did it in the morning so the beach was so quiet and relaxing.If you are looking for a resort where you can lie in the sun, drink, eat and just do a lot of relaxing then I highly recommend the Iberostar 鈥?if you need more out of your resort I suggest you keep looking, there are a lot in the Punta Cana area and some of them have everything but a zoo included鈥ither way I recommend Punta Cana and just make sure to bring a lot of suntan lotion, the sun is HOT down there!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dtb925
<Content>Great Value - Excellent Resort -Highly Recommended We just got back from this resort on Feb. 3rd. This resort is an excellent value and we would highly recommend choosing this place for your next vacation. You can use both the Punta Cana and Dominicana facilities. They are really the same hotel, but with different check-ins - that's the only difference.Staff - The staff is very friendly and accomodating. Most of them hardly speak any English which I felt was part of the uniqueness of the resort, but they do whatever they can to make your vacation an enjoyable experience. All of them make very little money, so if you go, please do what you can to give a couple tips here and there. Tipping is not required though.Food - The food was good. Don't listen to any of the reviews on this resort where they talk about getting sick due to eating the food. That is a complete load of crap!!! We DID NOT get sick at all. They have many ala carte restaurants to choose from. The Mexican and Tropical restaurants are OK, nothing outstanding, but still good. The excellent restaurants are the steakhouse, gourmet, and the oriental. The beef was excellent there. I was surprised to be honest. They have a bar and grill restaurant called Star Rock Cafe (Hard Rock Cafe wannabe!!!)that was good too. The 2 buffets are good, but not fantastic. Always plenty of food to choose from. OH, the best is the lunch grill on the Dominicana side. They have this huge charcoal grill down by the beach and about 12:30 or so they bring out about 4 chefs that cook excellent food. They cook something different each day - Ribs, Shrimp, Crayfish, etc. Outstanding.BEACH - AWESOME!!!!! One of the best (and largest) beaches on Bavaro Beach - no question about it. We walked up and down Bavaro Beach a long way, and this beach is one if not the best there. Sand is off-white, and so fine and powdered - it truly was amazing. We have been to Jamaica, Cancun, and Los Cobos, and this beach was the best. You are on the Atlantic, so the waves can be strong at times though. No big deal trust me. I would NOT recommend the snorkeling. We took the boat tour from the resort out to a reef. It was nice, but the waves were too choppy - we felt a little woozy from that. Took us a couple days to fully recover. Grounds - The grounds were immaculate. The grounds crew pays close attention to make sure all the bushes are trimmed, leaves are picked up, etc. Very impressed with the grounds.Rooms - Nice accomodations. Clean. The mini-bar was a great touch - stocked with beer, water, and soda. I don't care much about rooms when I travel because I am only in them to sleep anyway.Tips - #1 - You are guaranteed 3 ala carte restaurants, but if you go to Guest Services and are willing to do a same day late night reservation (9:30PM), you should be able to get in. We got into the steakhouse and Mexican ala cartes this way. #2 - The tourist card at the airport - Its $10 per person to buy it. You WILL need it when you leave Punta Cana. We bought it and then turned it in right away - Don't do this - hold onto it!!! Fortunately, we complained and they didn't make us buy two more. #3 - The casino is nice but small however no one wins there, so don't go there expecting to. #4 - Best alcohol is a rum called Brugal. Ask for Brugal Extra Viego (Viego is pronounced N YEA-HO). I am a Canadian Whiskey and not a rum drinker, but this stuff is the smoothest, most fantastic stuff. You can bring back 4 - 1 liter bottles - I did. They have some premium brand liquors there, but not many. I heard from a couple people that if you offer a couple dollar tip, they have more top shelf bottles behind the bar hiding!!!!! Nightlife / Excursions - Please keep in mind that if you are the big excursion type or like to do a LOT of things outside of the resort, OR looking for a lot of nightlife then this place is NOT for you. They have a disco there which is OK, but not great. Overall - Great Resort - I would highly recommend this place. We went there to relax and almost do nothing but eat, sleep, drink, and lay in the sun. If that is your idea of a great vacation, this is a PERFECT PLACE for doing this. Please feel free to email me at dougandtammym@yahoo.com with questions.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BuckeyeJohn
<Content>One of our Best Vacations To start off -- There were thirty two of us in a group that went. We stayed at the Punta Cana but used BOTH sides to drink and eat. Our ages ranged from forty-five to sixty-five. We are from north central Ohio. We have traveled together for the past five years to a different resort each year. My wife and I have been to nine different resorts. We usually stay one week but next year we are looking to extend our vacation to ten days to two weeks. Just for information purposes we have been on six cruises also. Sometimes we cruise to see where we may want to stay for our next vacation.......We have done many APPLE bookings and have only had problems a couple of times.... We are content to continue using APPLE.. This may be long... Our vacation at the Punta Cana was excellent. We totally enjoyed ourselves. The hotel staff was excellent and friendly and took care of our every need and problem. What else can I say. The food was good to excellent depending on where and what you ate. I have read numerous reviews where people complained of the same things on the buffets. This is true to some extent. However, if you search out the whole buffet area, we found good food items where we did not expect them to be. Pizza back in the corner. Pasta back in another corner etc. We ate at two specialty restaurants and had grouper one night that I thought was a little strong. It also appeared to me the grouper must have been LARGE which could lend itself to that??... We had Caribbean lobster one night at another specialty restaurant (No charge) on site and it was delicious!! When did you last have lobster at an all inclusive?!! The breakfasts were very good with a large variety and eggs cooked any way you wanted them as you waited. For any foreigners -- There is a European Buffet on the Dominican side and an American Buffet on the Punta Cana side. Both sides were Great! They serve ice cream at the buffets and there is an ice cream machine at the beach Steak House and ice cream by the beach bar. All good.... Desserts were as good as any we have had.  The bars ---- The drinks were great and the bar tenders did a great job of mixing them in a reasonable manner. Not too strong or weak. They would add more or less if you asked. They were served in glass and were not small as at some resorts. They served in plastic at the beach for obvious reasons. You could also take a mug and they would gladly fill it for you... Our room was on the second floor and we had no problems whatsoever. Our housekeeper was Raida and she did a fine job. We left her two dollars each day on our bed pillow and she took good care of us. There is supposed to be an iron and washclothes in every room. CAUTION - They are taken as fast as they put them in the rooms by vacationers when they leave so do not be surprised if the iron is missing. This was explained to us by our APPLE representative, not the Iberostar people... Personally, we did not go there to iron clothes and would not have used it anyhow. The wash cloth situation is the same. Sometimes we had two and sometimes only one. I have a solution!! Take a couple of wash clothes from home just in case... You are on Vacation!! No need to get upset.... The A/C only operates if the patio door to the balcony is closed in case you need that info.. The hair dryer worked fine for what we needed and it is mounted and can not be taken... By the way -- when you get out of the shower it is handy to use to dry the mirror after you first wipe the mirror off. The shower is great with plenty of hot water...  The grounds are beautiful and well kept. There are parakeets in a cage as you go to the buffets and George the Chicken is always around. He sleeps in one of the chairs over in the STAR entertainment area at night by the bar so look for him. He is very patient with people and kids alike. There are numerous flamingos in the area also. I was surprised that there were not more tropical birds in the area though. The entertainment would be rated by me from lame to excellent. A couple of nights we just left and went to the bars and hung out. Do not miss the Broadway Revue which is all in english. Another night there was a European Revue in the european languages and both are not to be missed!! They were fantastic!!They have some music around 9:00 P.M. and then hand out awards and then have the entertainment. I would highly recommend that everyone go to see the entertainment and see what the show consists of before giving up on it. If it does not meet your expectations you can move to something else. There is a Sports Bar (Rock Cafe) also across from the Dominican lobby and at the entrance to the Bavaro area. If you ask at the desk they can point you in the right direction to it and the shopping area. There is also the DC-6 Disco in the same area -open from 11:00 P - 3:00 A.M. Both are in the Commercial Center area. You will also find a gentleman rolling handmade cigars in the center if you are interested.  And then there is the beach..... It is either the best or second best beach we have been on!! We never thought that Eagle Beach in Aruba could be beat but this is real competition!! It goes for miles in either direction. We can say that because we walked it. The sand is a fine grain and cool - even in the hot sun. There are always enough beach chairs and usually palapas if you get there at a reasonable hour. To address the problem of reserving chairs and whatever by guests early in the morning --- Is it right or fair?? Probably not. Is it going to end or quit?? NO!!! I dont have any answers to this but people complain about it on the boards all the time. I think that until someone actually does something about it or the problem gets solved, I would recommend reserving your spot because if you do not -- everyone else will and you will be left out... I hope you understand my view on this. It is not to be selfish but if you do not do it, you will be left out in the sun or whatever while those people get the good spots. Enough said!!! There are members of the staff on the beach every day attending to the people's needs and then there were a few that were there to entertain. Watch out for Louis the Cop as he is always anxious to harass you on the beach!!! LOL!!  The pools..... They are great also. The same goes for reserving places as I stated above. The pools have padded lounge chairs and are very nice and comfortable. There are beach towels available at the towel hut between the two pools. You will need towel cards from your check-in package or contact the desk.  We found there was not a lot of things outside of the resort to do. We did the Outback Safari tour and enjoyed learning the area culture and would recommend it. There is not much shopping but some did go on a shopping type tour and said it was okay. Some played golf and said the course was great and to expect it to cost $100. U.S. for nine holes if you rent clubs. We walked down the beach to the beach vendors and we did buy some things. Remember to negotiate for the best deal... Usually one half of what they ask for. Make a game out of it!! It can be fun. For instance, I started out for two cartons of Marlboro and a pack of cigars equal to oppus fuente it was $110. ---- I ended up paying $50. --- I asked for the cigars First so he could not pawn something cheap off on me later because I would not know the difference!! Then I asked about the cigarettes and then started bargaining. If YOU are happy with the price you pay in the end, that is all that matters.... I also heard that the dominican cigars are very good and equal to the cubans. Hearsay only...  Also a note on that other tobacco.... It was my understanding that if they catch you with it in the Dominican Republic, you are in BIG trouble. I did not research it but that is what we were told... If you tend to want it, I would urge you to check yourself and avoid a ruined vacation or possibly a ruined life.....  Remember to tip for good service. These people work hard for their money and giving good service deserves a tip!! I tried to cover everything that might be of interest to most people. Any questions?? Email me and I will try to answer them.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Aroundtheworld7
<Content>AWESOME Resort is in excellent condioton, well kept and clean.There are exotic birds walking around the grounds. The grass is cut and smells amazing! The pool is clean and comfortable. Relative big!The food in the buffet can get repetitive, but I wouldnt say thats a bad thing, since most of it is tasty.The a la carte restaurants are very quiet and romantic. The service is really good and fast. The French restaurant has lobster tails- for all you lobster lovers- it was soooooooo good. The portion was very generous. The Japanse restaurant is so-so. I would have to say the French one is the best! The casino is not very big- but who really cares- The beach is very clean and the sand is soft and warm. I've been to Puerto Plata and the beach here is 100 times nicer. The water in the ocean is clean and warmm- no sea weed, no rocks. The vendors try to make a buck- but who can blame them. Its all part of the experience. Dont be afraid to bargain- they are used to it and I think some vene enjoy it.The massages were great, so good the time was quickly over. The jacuzzi is nothing special- cold walter and pressure was weak. The rooms were comfortable- absolutely no problems. The maid cleaned our rooms every day. Just tip her every day and not all at once. The Star frieds were the best- Very energetic and very friendly. Try to participate as much as you can, and dont worry about looking stupid. The night club was really good. But it really starts to get crowded closer to midnight. Good music and great dancing competitions.The activities wre definitley worth doing. We did a lot of them--Parasailing- nice view of the surrounding hotels-Catamaran cruise- breezy and relaxing. Got to swim in the middle of the ocean with starfish - called a natural pool Visited the Saona island and had some really good cocunut there.-ATV cars- adrenaline rush- very nice. Beautiful views-Horseback riding- dont do this your first day or you will be in pain for the entire trip. Also beautiful views-Manati Park- Swimming with the dolphins. A little over priced- i would say to stick with the other Ativities. Actual swimming time: app. time 12 minutes. Rest of the time we spent in the park, looking at exotic birds, alligators, ext.Speed boat- nice and breezyWe really took advantage of all of the excusriosn, and we were happy we did so. Better than over-eating and burning on the beachDef wish we could go back, but this year Iberostar was a pit pricey- so we are going to stay at Riu Bambu- right next to it. Hopefully it will be just as good. Feel free to email me- I'll be more than happy to address all of ur questionsHave fun, and enjoyFinal note: Definitely dont hesistate to come here!!!!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gogoglen
<Content>WE WILL GO BACK HERE We spent a week over Christmas at the Iberostar, Punta Cana. We could not have had a nicer room, grounds, and staff. We were happy with the activities and the dive staff. Every employee we met greeted us. The food was fine. We were not expecting 5 star meals in an up and coming country. Santa even flew in in a helicopter on Christmas Eve. Children were involved in the activities too. Our 11 year son had a good time. We would stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Holiday We've Had! Me and my husband have just returned from the IPC having stayed there from 11-1-06 to 25-1-06, and we have had our best holiday ever! Nearly everything about here gets our thumbs up, although we do have a few misgivings. I'll get these out of the way and finsh on the many positives!The worst thing about this holiday was the fact that the hotel allows local photographers to come onto the complex with various animals for guests to have their photographs taken with. Although lots of the guests seemed to find it amusing and 'cute' to do this, we didn't. Our friends who were with us agreed that this shouldn't have been allowed. We think it's extremely cruel, and it upset us to see it happen daily. In particular the snake that was paraded about appeared very dry and couldn't even lift it's head up. I only saw it once in the two weeks, whilst the other animals were taken out much more. I wonder why? The photographers had to hold the poor thing's head up. We also heard that the lizard they had had been swung by it's tail upside down. Disgusting. Why the hotel allows this is beyond me. I will be complaining about this to Iberostar direct. Our other main gripe is that a lot (not all!) American guests thought that the only means of communicating with each other was to yell, scream and howl. We tended to hear this a lot in the pool area. I know a lot of it is just people having a good time, but when you hear this kind of din day in and day out, it puts a bit of a downer on YOUR holiday. We didn't think the wine was nice at all in the bars and buffet, but it did improve in the restaurants.Despite these things the holiday was FANTASTIC.Room - excellent. No musty smell. Very clean and mini bar stocked every day if needed.Bar - staff very friendly and quick to serve. No queues.Pool - people seemed to get up VERY early to reserve despite the signs telling people not to. Quite a few people also put towels on beds and then didn't come back all day.Gardens/grounds - fantastic; always well maintained and cared for.Beach - beautiful white, powdery sand. Sea is lovely and warm but a little bit too choppy.Food - delicious. We loved the Oriental and the Steak House. The sirloin in there is divine!! Not as keen on the buffet but it did have a wide choice. La Miramba does fantastic fish, in particular Red Snapper and Tuna Steaks. On the last day my husband had the paella which was served near the beach and he loved it!Shows - On the whole they were great, especially the Broadway and Festival Caribe. The staff were very professional. We had heard quite a few negative comments about the shows but we loved them.Overall, we would definately return and would recommend it to anyone in two minds about going. Brilliant holiday!! Just keep the photographers out!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Iberostar Punta Cana is alright               More photos  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Chain for wonderful vacations! We vacationed at the Iberostar Punta Cana from January 17-24. We have also stayed at an Iberostar resort in Mexico and the Punta Cana is right up there at the same level. This is a great chain of resorts to stay at. The facilities and grounds are just marvelous. In my opinion, when you stay at an Iberostar resort, you will definitely have a wonderful time. The Punta Cana and the Iberostar Dominicana are on the same grounds and share the same beach and pool, but have separate lobbies. Keeping in mind that we traveled on Tuesdays, the airport was a cinch. No lines really and no delays with customs. You have to pay $10 (US)per person for tourist cards (which you need to give them back when you leave). You also fill out immigration cards when you get there in order to get your tourist card. We spent everyday relaxing on the beach with a cocktail (or more). It was wonderful to just do nothing except relax and bask in the sunshine.The weather was great overall -- we had some rain during the day, but it never lasted more than 10 minutes. There were a few evenings that it rained heavily, but you can make it to your room or lobby without getting wet because everything's connected. No day was a wash out. The beach has the softest white sand I've ever seen; it was like powder. However, it can get quite windy and the sand blows everywhere. It can be harsh at times -- but it was worth it to have a breeze. Tops are optional on the beach and as usual, the ones that go without are usually the ones who shouldn't! Not a biggee for me -- but I know it is for some so I figure I would mention it. I went down every morning around 8AM to save a few chairs under a palapa, but there were few others down there at that time. You can probably find chairs at any time. There's also a beach bar conveniently located by the beach. I thought the food was fantastic. There was a large variety that I thought catered to the many cultures of those visiting the resort. The buffet was great --my only minor complaint is that they don't always label things clearly. The signs are in 4 different languages for each dish, but in terms of the fish you don't always know what type of fish you're eating. Everything I tried was tasty and great. Breakfast at the buffet offers a wide variety of choices as well. If you can't find something to eat, you are way too picky. We also ate at the Steakhouse and the Asian Restaurant -- both were excellent. The steakhouse is right near the beach with sand floors - be prepared to get sand in your sandals, but the food was great.The lunch restaurants by the beach were good -- not as great as the main restaurants, but I had no trouble finding things to eat. They also have a huge grill out by the beach that offers different selections daily. To eat in the speciality restaurants, book your reservations the day you arrive if possible -- they book fast. When we arrived, we were given a room with 2 double beds. I called the front desk to tell them we had specified a King size bed and our room was switched within 15 minutes with no problems. The room was basic, but very nice (it was not a suite). We don't spend much time in there anyway, so we don't need anything fancy. There are no flatirons in the rooms and none are available -- bring a travel iron. Also, you need a special adaptor for US appliances (ie Hairdryers, irons, etc). They're available in the gift shop and are less than $1. We did have one day on the weekend when our room wasn't cleaned until very late in the day, but that was it and you could tell it was weekend help. The lobby bar was busy every night, but the waitresses always make sure you have what you want for a drink. The lobby is an open building so you can get the breeze coming in and there's usually musicians and dancing (ladies -- you may want to pack a light sweater for the evenings). The entertainment shows are fair - not really my thing. The casino's nice, but small (Slots, Blackjack, roulette and poker). There are excursions available, but we didn't venture off the resort. We watched the Steelers playoff game in the Rock Cafe and that was a blast. We met alot of other Americans there -- 99.5% steeler fans that day. We only had nachos and didn't see the menu -- but the bartenders were great.There are gift shops on this side of the resort as well as the Dominicana side. There's a row of shops on the back of the Dominicana side and a few small shops located by the Rock cafe. Down the beach there are some vendor tents as well where you can barter for better prices. They really want US dollars. The bartenders and restaurant staff had a decent understanding of English and usually got what I needed without much issue. The maids don't speak much English at all, so that was much tougher but we managed. We left the maid a $2 tip everyday and our minibar was always filled. The staff is very friendly.Overall, I don't think you can go wrong with this or any Iberostar hotel. We would definitely go back -- it was a wonderful vacation.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible punta cana yahooooooooo! We travelled to the Iberostar punta cana from January 8th to the 15th and I must say that that this chain of hotels has out done themselves. This hotel offers so much and you share all the facialites with the iberstar punta cana thats adds even more value. read our review and hopefully it helps.Our flight was shceduled to land in punta cana at 10:00pm on Sunday and return departing at 10pm on the 15th and arriveing home at 2am. I would strongly reccomend traveling in the night b/c you end up having 7 full days in the sun and avoid all the chaos of traveling through the day ,waiting to check in you room , line ups etc.The Ibertostar Punta Cana : great resort with amazing value.definitely underrated. The resort has so much to offer that if you choose to be active you can and if you also want to just relax you can too. Food: fantastic buffet with plenty to choose from.A la carte: all good , must try the oriental-great!Pool: huge pool and cleaned daily . never a problem finding a place to sit. towls always warm.Beach: incredible..white sand beach with plenty of huts to sit in the shade-just in case.Rooms: very clean and spacious. the pillows are flat but we asked for a couple more and the cleaning lady was happy to leave extra.Entertainment: plenty of things goign on all ofer the resort. shows-good,casino-great, nightclub-great, animation crew around all the time entertaining you and getting everyone involved in the activites.Overall I would stongly reccoment to visit the iberostar punta cana. the resort offers great value for your dollar with so much available. did i mention that they have a spa too!Have fun and dont worry just book your trip and go!Cheers!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best vacation ever I stayed at the Iberostar Punta Cana for four days. The resort was beautiful. The grounds and beach were well maintained and clean. The food was average with lots of variety. You'll find something to enjoy at all of the meals. The room was more than I expected. The staff understood basic english and were very pleasant and helpful. The vacation was relaxing and will highly recommend the resort to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Vacation, but we won't return We were at this resort from 1/1-08/06 for our honeymoon. We chose this destination due to the hurricane damage in Cancun.This resort was VERY crowded. The beach was beautiful as were the pools; however, we were disappointed in the fact that it was so hard to find a chair near the pool or on the beach. I think people go out early in the morning and reserve a chair, but don't actually use them for most of the day. We found a couple of chairs one day and stayed in them for quite some time - we noticed that nobody returned to the reserved chairs all around us for the entire time we were there. Also, we had to wait in line very often for a drink at the beach. The bartenders seemed somewhat put out the whole time we were there. The only draft beer available was Presidente, which is their local beer. Being loyal Budweiser drinkers, we found the beer rather bitter. It was drinkable with a lime in it, but the bartenders acted like it was really a chore to put a lime in it. The only friendly bartender we encountered was in the lobby bar, but it's located far from the pool and beach. Also, there is no bottled water available in the resort except in your room. You have to get water from the soda fountain. On more than one occasion, we found no cups available to get a drink from the soda fountains.The food was OK. We weren't hungry at any time, but they have the same food every day. We did eat at the sit down restaurants on 3 evenings. The Oriental restaurant was fantastic, as was the Steak place and the gourmet restaurant. The service was friendly and the food was great. The Star Rock Cafe had a good menu too. It's a Hard Rock Cafe knock off...you can go there to hear American music - it would be nice if they had some American beer too, but it's an ok place to go.The rooms were very nice - I didn't notice a musty smell at all and the air conditioning worked well. We left a tip for the housekeeping staff every day, and they made swans and hearts out of our towels and left flowers in our room for the first 3 days - after that, they stopped. The mini bar contained water, and I had read in a previous review that the caps weren't sealed. I also found this to be the case quite often in our room too; however, I don't think they did it deliberately. I think it's just a production problem with the bottles. The seals were very inconsistent and sometimes the whole ring would come off with the cap. We didn't take any chances and didn't drink any the bottles that didn't have a good seal.We went to the casino a couple of nights. We played black jack, and had a pretty good time; however, you need to pay close attention. I don't think ANY of the dealers spoke English, and there were many occasions where the dealer would screw up and take chips from someone who tied them. They play from a 6 deck shoe, and we counted 23 fives in a half deck. Of course, I suppose it's possible, but it's also quite unlikely that all but 1 five would show up, but I'm pretty sure they were cheating. We were gambling for fun more than trying to win money, so it wasn't a big deal - just something to watch out for!I think Americans were definitely in the minority. Seemed to be very few people speaking English.It was a relaxing vacation, but I won't return. I'll return to Mexico for our next vacation.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>GROntario
<Content>Only Average Just returned this afternoon from Iberostar Punta Cana and overall for the money we payed for 7 nights all inclusive I would say there are better locations and resorts to choose from. We have travelled a fair amount and enjoy the Mayan Riviera better. Nothing to do in Punta as it is far from everything. The food at the resort was relatively bland, repetitive and average. The resort rooms had a horrible musty smell that wanted to make me gag, this fact alone would cause me to not go back, nor recommend the resort to anyone else. The evening shows were not very good. The good points were the beach and pools, both beautiful and well cared for. I would rate this resort a 3 1/2 star - maybe a 4 star at the most.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Beach My wife and I just got back from our 5-night stay (1/1 - 1/6) at the Iberostar Punta Cana. Having read the reviews before our trip, there were no surprises. And as a young couple (29  30 years old), it was a perfect spot for a quiet and relaxing vacation. Fantastic beach. Some of the softest sand I've ever walked upon. Mark your spot early, however - it got crowded while we were there, and the chairs are all taken by late morning. Only one complaint, and there's nothing that can be done: since the beach doesn't face due east, the sun moves at an awkward angle throughout the day. In order to face the sun, you'll be facing opposite the water for most of the day.The rooms were a bit musty-smelling - although very clean and more than adequate. Only one negative for the rooms: no clock in the room - not critical, just a little strange. ALSO - make sure to request a room closer to the pool/beach, rather than closer to the lobby/restaurants. Easy access to the room from the beach was a big plus.The grounds were very nice - although the walking paths can get pretty slippery, especially after some rain. Be careful. Not sure why there's a distinction between the Punta Cana and Dominicana sides of the resort. Shared pool, shared spa/gym, shared restaurants, shared casino, etc. - but different lobbies. Don't get it - but I guess it didn't matter.The food was adequate and plentiful - on-par for an all-inclusive. Since we were there for 5 nights, we were able to make sit-down reservations for two nights. We liked both of our choices, the Mexican and the Steak (La Cana) restaurants, and would have liked the opportunity to try another. The buffet options were OK - breakfast was our least favorite - but we always seemed to find something. Disappointed with the fruit options - maybe a seasonal thing. Also, the wine that was served with dinner was pretty bad.The bars were decent. Nice frozen drink options. Local beers were good too. And as a scotch drinker, I was also able to find some Johnny Red and Dewars at the lobby and casino bars (but not at the beach/pool area).We weren't impressed by the entertainment. We didn't watch any of the Star Friends stuff - although seemed like people were having fun. Very small casino on the Dominicana side of the resort. No craps, but Three Card Poker which we like. We never got to the disco, so can't comment on that.The staff was very, very friendly. Not everyone spoke the best English, but we used a little Spanish here and there, and we always managed to get what we wanted.Other than walking on the beach, we didn't leave the property during our stay, so I can't comment on any of the excursions or trips. But it didn't seem like there were any must do activities in the Punta Cana area. Down the beach there is a little open market with some tourist trap-type shops. Nothing worthwhile. I was hoping to find some nice local cigars and maybe even some Habanos, but was disappointed. A few of these beach shops/stands sold cigars, but beware - I am pretty sure that most were counterfeit. They may have been decent smokes, but they were certainly NOT genuine. They had familiar labels - A.Fuente, Cohiba, Romeo Y Julietta, Davidoff - but if you look at the packaging, especially if you are familiar with these brands, you will know that these are likely fakes. I always buy cigars when we travel, but not this time. Overall, the resort had a more European feel than we are used to, but we had a very nice time. If you are looking for a quiet place with a beautiful beach, you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Iberostar Punta Cana was a hit! We celebrated Christmas with 18 members of our family at this beautiful hotel. The beach is really incredible. There are plenty of hut style umbrellas so you can get out of the sun when necessary. ( We did put towels on the chairs early in the morning to mark our spot), There are not people on the beach trying to sell you things which is really a pleasure. There was a little bit of snorkeling right off the beach and there were plenty of activites at the pool and beach to keep everyone happy.The rooms were adequate. By this I mean we had what we needed and nothing else. No clock and the hair dryer is very weak. Bring an adapter for anything electrical. The TV had some US channels and ESPN.There was water in the mini bar to drink and brush your teeth. The room was very clean as is the whole hotel, The floors sparkle. The rooms were a bit musty and the pillows were flat.The staff is so friendly! They really like it when you try to use even a little Spanish. They also appreciate a tip but definitely do not have their hands out expecting one.The food is good not great. The special Christmas eve buffet was fantastic. Every meal you could find something to eat. Stick with the fish and chicken and you'll be find. There are areas for non smokers which was great. We drank all of our drinks with ice and drank frozen drinks without a problem. The wait staff is the best! They really want to make you happy. For the specialty restaurants we went to the Chinese(good aps,entrees not great). Caribbean (good shrimp), Steak(excellent flank and rib eye, the best one with a great staff) and the Mexican(horrible and the staff was rude).The evenings are slow! The Star Friends shows are really boring so there is no night life. Bring board games for the kids so they can keep busy while the adults socialize. Taste the kids virgin pina coladas before they drink them because on more than one occassion they were give rum by accident.As far as the comments about topless women by other reviewers, we had 4 young teen age boys with us and by the 5th woman they saw they couldn't care less!All in all it was a great week and we would definitly go back. The hotel is sooooooo beautiful and the beach is top notch. It looks like something out of a magazine.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great vacation my second time staying at a iberostar hotel my sixth time to the dominican, and so far my best experiance the beach a+ the grounds a+ the food b- the entertainment was great the singers were better than some of the finalist on the american idol.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ruthy1
<Content>Average all inclusive We visited the Iberostar Punta Cana in Dec.05. The flight was good, the airport fine, the bus to the Resort good, the check in fine, the room average, the food good, but you really had to hunt it down. We have been to many all inclusives and found this one to be a 4 star as advertised, no more, no less. The topless bathing on the beach was quite open, those that could did not, and those that did should NOT HAVE! let's leave it at that... Will we ever return to that area? NO!!!!! We'll spend the extra and go back to to a 5 or 6 star resort in Mexico. P.S. Beware of doorman in the Casino, he will sneak up behind some of the women and ask for favors, if you know what I mean. Creepy huh.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>snowking212000
<Content>Fantastic, Great ,Can't wait to go back my wife and I got in late ,around 10:30 pm after almost waiting an hour and a half at that zoo they call the Punta Cana Airport , customs was a cross between a horror show and a 3 ring circus. But once we arrived at the Iberostar Punta Cana ,we arrived in paradise , the staff was fantastic servicewas outstanding , they were prompt,very polite and efficent. Our toilet didn't work ,they upgraded usimmediately to a Jr. suite. They kept a section of the buffet restaurant open for the late arrivals ,we were treated like VIP'sthe resort is beautiful , the landscaping is awesome,you never want for anything ,food is great .we ate steak ,shrimp, lobster ,beef, it goes on and on ,all their drinks are brand alchols, I believe this resort has the best customer service I have ever experiencedBeach is the best I have ever been on, it goes on for miles ,white sand ,marine blue water and very warmCan't wait to get back  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bajabex
<Content>Just Returned from the Iberostar Punta Cana We just returned this evening. My husband, myself, our 8 yr. son and my parents all went together. This hotel had all of the basics needed for a wonderful vacation. Travel from the airport to the hotel was very nice. We had a big air conditioned bus and met lots of nice people. Upon arrival to the hotel our room was ready (we were one of the few) my parents room was not ready yet, but it did not take but 15 minutes. The staff work very hard to make everybody happy. The rooms are very basic, but as I stated above you have basically what you need. You can get adapters in the lobby for the outlets. (our electronics did not plug into their outlets) The beds are very very small. We had two doubles which seemed like two twins. We just moved them together and we were fine. The grounds are amazing. We were lucky enough to be there while the xmas lights were put on the palm trees. What a gorgeous sight at night. The pools were very pretty, we found the water to be chilly. There were a lot more pool activities going on over in the Dominicana side. We played football and volleyball on our side. My dad really enjoyed that. He had every kid in the pool playing whether they spoke english or not. It was great. The food was hard to get used to at first. You really have to be patient. The first day we got there we were so hungry and hated the food. ( we get cranky when we are hungry) The next day we started to find plenty of great food. The chicken at La Cana was awesome. We ate there alot. They are open from 10:00 to 5:00 everyday. It is outside by the beach, so you can go casual (swim suit) My son loved the french fries and the ice cream. There are plenty of food choices!!The beach was the best!! When you are walking from the resort to the beach you will think you are looking at a postcard!! We walked down to the shopping at the local stores. Their favorite word is cheapo!! So make sure you bargain. I have to add in here that the weather is perfect in Punta Cana. You will be pleasantly surprised if you are used to the Mexican heat.We would probally try another hotel next time. There are a few things that we would have liked to have had. More facilities, more bars, top shelf liquor, coffee makers in the rooms  irons to mention a few. This hotel is very basic, but very nice.Please feel free to e-mail me with any questions.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never would reurn The hotel was suppose to a 5 star golden apple hotel and you could only get washclothes by special request, and waited forever for everything! We asked for an iron and finally had to get it ourselves at the front desk two days later and could only use for a couple hours and had to walk back to return it. The room was nothing exceptional. Topless bathing was not supposed to be allowed at the pool, BUT it was. THERE WAS ABOLUTELY NO WHERE TO WALK EXCEPT A SMALL STETCH OF BEACH. It was suggested not to leave the motel grounds, and there was no where to go if you did except for pot hole filled streets. The whole experienc was horrible and I would have left the first day if I could have.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pochtara
<Content>First time in DR - great experience My family of 4, my wife and I daughter (17) and son (21), were visiting DR for the first time. I did go through tons of reviews on Iberostar Punta Cana, Dominicana, and Bavaro before we go and all I can say they helped a lot and were mostly true. Of cause, everyone can have their own opinion on a subject and everybody is different, but it seams the only differences in the reviews are about the food. I think you might have a problem with NOT the food QUALITY, but QUANTITY!!! It so much to choose from and it is great in my opinion. You can find something for everybody. 5 restaurants each of which offers LaCorte. All LaCortes are different and you just try all of them if you can. We tried 4 and between 4 of us we had a different opinion which is better, so it all depends鈥?br/>We had Apple package and we liked the service that Apple provides. The charter flight was great, direct from Milwaukee, WI, USA to Punta Cana DR. Movie, food, and service on the place were very nice. By arrival to DR airport (no AC, but it was not tool hot) Apple reps walk you through the custom and into the buses (big Greyhound like). You fill up the entry form (do not loose it or you will pay fee), pay $10 at the custom, pick up your luggage and walk to the outside where Apple rep will show you the bus. About 20min ride to the hotel and you are at the front desk. Here is the trick that other reviewers talked about, if you get the room fare away from the beach and you think you would like to move closer, offer the guy $20 for help to relocate. It probably won鈥檛 happen until next morning though, but the guy will call you in the morning and will ask if you still want to move and I bet you he will find something for you. Do not expect to change your room right away though it probably won鈥檛 happened, but if you be a bit patient and polite you will get what you are looking for with relatively small payment. I did give the guy $20 and he did call me back next morning asking if I want to move, but by that time we鈥檝e decided stay where we were (5183 and 5184 by the left entrance to hotel complex) and primarily because it was so quite and so close to the evening attractions, stores, and biggest buffet restaurants (2 of them at the front desk). The hotel complex has squared letter O shape starched from the reception area to the beach. Two such structures are in parallel to each other with two pools and walking paths between them. Each building has 4 levels. The rooms located such that the entrance faces inside the complex and the balcony is outside. Our rooms鈥?balconies were facing toward the pools, though we could not see them, they were more to the left. During the day pools are with people and if you room is close to them you might hear some noise from the room (but who in a world would stay in the room during the day on vacation by the beach?!). The pools are working until 7 or 8PM I think and nobody (except some few too excited kids) would be there swimming at night. One pool is close to Punta Cana site and another to Dominicana. They are exact copy of one another, but more day activities on the Dominicana site (water polo, dance classes, etc鈥? so it more noisy there. The beach right next to the pools and it is gorgeous!!! It starches along the great barrier reefs, which are about 500鈥?away with number of hotels along: Bavaro to the right, Riu and others to the left. The ocean is very nice, but a little ruff since the Atlantic is pounding on the reefs. The sand is white and very small like a dust, which make the water by the shore white-murky at the time when most people in the water. There is a small coral reef right by our beech with all kind of fish on it, but it all sprinkled with white send. The better snorkeling spot is by the Bavaro beach to re right at the very left farther corner of their swimming area. It is clear and more corals in there and all kinds of fish and sea animal there.Rooms in the hotel are very clean and have TV with cable and minibar with beer, soda, and water. The beer in minibar I think is much better then Presidente. If you like stronger beer, ask beer in the bottles at the bar. The rooms are not very big but spacious enough. No kitcheners, but with all inclusive, who cares. Nice bathroom with tub shower. We, as being adviced via reviews, were leaving mates $1 each day with note (always write a note otherwise they won鈥檛 touch your money) with our wishes for the minibar and the room was always clean and the minibar was full of goodies. We did 3 excursions, Marinarium ($65), Seona Island ($80), and Outback Safari ($70). All 3 are very good. Definitely go to Seona at LaRomana. It鈥檚 a full day trip to the paradise. The sea at LaRomana is blocked form Atlantic and so calm and clear like in a pool. Lots of fun and rum on the way there on the catamaran. 3 hour on the secluded beach of the island with lunch on it. Take snorkeling stuff with you since they do not offer it on the trip. There are lots to see in the water: stars, lobsters, all sort of fish and shells. You leave from hotel early before the breakfast, so make sure you take some snack since you are not getting food until the lunch time, only drinks and a lot of it. At the marina in LaRomana there are a lot of local shops, which you can go around after you come back from the island on a speed boat (same boat that will drop you on the catamaran). I found that prices for big shells are probably the cheapest there that at the hotel鈥檚 local market so buy them there. Outback Safari trip is just a lot of fun, rum with soda (they cal it half-and-half since the guide will mix rum and soda for you in the soda bottle in abut 陆 proportion飦?So be aware it get to you after few bottles. We had one old guy from London who fall a sleep so to say after few bottles of 陆 . The trip will stop at different places of the DR country side and also, it鈥檚 great, at secluded beach on the Atlantic side of the island where the waves are so high, you won鈥檛 believe it. You will swim there for an hour having more 陆 in you飦? Be cautious with your video equipment there since it is like a constant mist of salt water in the air form the waves all the time and I fried my video camera there shooting video along the beach due to the water damage. Night life in the hotel is very nice. Small casino for people who like to gamble, every evening from 8PM StarFriends do some shows where you can be a participant if you want to. Later from 11:30PM there is a disco bar. My son was hanging there every night, then my daughter and wife got into it in the last few days too飦?It is a good place to meet new friends, though music according to my son is out of date. Local shops inside the hotel are very expensive. The beach market to the right passing Bavaro is more entertaining and has much more variety. Pay at most 1/3 of the asking price. Overpricing of their product it鈥檚 the way the do their business there. Gests are from Europe (England, French, Russia, and US). Topless women? 鈥?Yes on the beach, but you will get use to it after a while. Okay I think it鈥檚 more than enough. Will I go back 鈥?in a heart bit!!! Iberostar chain in general is very good. From talking with people from other hotels (not Iberostar) on the excursions, our hotel chain is no comparison, the best in the area. I think beside the great service, food, location, entertainment, and rooms, the local people that serve and entertain you are the biggest treasure of this island. They are so friendly, open, and hard working you won鈥檛 believe 鈥?though they always smile to you and want to make you vacation smoothest ever. Shoot me e-mail if you have more questions/doubt: pochtara@hotmail.com  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't wait to go back!!! There's not much else that I can add in regards to this resort. Absolutely wonderful!!!!!! We were there from November 26 to December 3. Winter was starting.... 28 to 30 degrees everyday, what a winter. Mosquitos were not a problem at all. I got one mosquito bite all week.A group of us were there for a wedding which took place on the beach. It was all very beatiful, just perfect like a scene out of a movie. All the wedding deatils were taking care by the wedding planner such us cocktails, music, dinner, cake, flowers, photos, video, and whatever else the bride and groom needed was made available to them. I believe all of this was included in the wedding package they purchased. I was only a guest so I'm not sure of the overall cost of this.Everything at Iberostar Punta Cana was above and beyone all of our expectations. We also had children and teenagers in our group. They enjoyed their stay and activities so much that they asked for hotel jobs so that they could stay longer! The food was amazing, we must of ate seafood everyday [salmon, fish, shrimp, squid, mussels, etc.]. I'm not a drinker, but the people in our group had no complaints, nor nothing bad to say about the bars/drinks.The gardens were well kept and picture perfect. I enjoyed walking from the buffet areas to the beach, and to the hotel room. With all the food we were eating, these short little walks were very helpful. I was impressed with the sevice and the friendliness of the staff. Marcelo, Arinis, Nelson, Santos, Javier, Pilar, Roberto, Miguel, Eudin, Alexis, Elke, John, Robin, all the Guiselles, Cisa, Domingo, Rique, Milagros, Hector, and so many other great staff people we met there. It seemed like there were more staff personnel than guests!! I did find things expensive at the resort like in any other tourist area. However, we took a cab to Higuey which is a little town about 40 minutes from the hotel. The cab ride for 7 people cost us $100US. In Higuey, we purchase a lot of our rum, coffe, and other souveniers. For instance, 1 pound of Ground coffe- Santo Domingo brand cost about $8US at the hotel. In Higuey, we purchased the same coffee and size for $3US. A small bottle of Brugal Rum [Extra Viejo] cost us about $3US in Higuey. The same bottle at the hotel was about $6. Different stores seemed to have different prices for things as well. Anther group of us went to Captain Cook restaurant. For $50US you travelled via boat to the restaurant to eat all kinds of seafood. I'm not sure if it was an all you can eat type of restaurant but 4 huge doggie [bag] containers with lobters were brought back.Bottom line, you'll need some cash if you want out of the hotel or to purchase gifts to bring back home.It's all about one's individual expectations and tastes. What may be a glorious vacation to one person might just be mediocre to antoher. All I know is that all of us had the best vacation ever and we can't wait to go back next year!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good, Bad, and the Ugly I hope to share some greater insight above all else mentioned here...We travelled with 2 young kids... 2.5 year old and 7 month old. I was excited... my wife being a pediatrician was a hesitant from the beginning. We had to switch to Punta Cana after the hurricane hit Cancun.The hotel is a very nice, clean, UNDERSTATED place. It is elegant as a much as a tropical location will allow. When checking in put down a $20USD bill and ask for there very best room. Only try this trick if you get to the hotel before 4pm. Otherwise it's a waste. We were moved from the back... where the buffet is... to near the pool entrance. Iberostar Punta Cana and probably all Iberostar hotels were amazing with the kids. So if you think your off to partyland... this may not be the place for you. We were stunned to have our shy 2 year old jump on stage and start dancing with other kids... this was part of their MiniDisco, every night at 8pmFood, great the first 2 days... then gets a little boring but ususally you have found something that you like to you just eat that... so for an all inclusive the food was very good, fresh, much of it made to order.We did go to the Asian resteraunt... steer VERY CLEAR... but no problem cause the buffet was still open.If you get sick while staying here... it's because you were marked to get sick... I highly doubt it was the hotel or their water as all of it is filtered and clean.The pools very clean, the ocean was beautiful and ATLEAST 5 degrees warmer than the pool. You should NOT have any problem finding a Cabana by the pool before noon. On the beach that's a different story. The bad parts are the beds... are very hard, like and old mattress from the 70's. The room service was too a bit spotty... but we didn't care as we didn't pay 5 star rates.The ugly... that is very hard to find... probably none. If we had to do it again... we would NOT book the Bavaro... it is too much walking... due to the villas layout... we would not book Punta Cana either because everything centers at the Dominica!If you can get a good rate at the Dominica... take it. the lay out of the resort from left to right is Punta cana, dominica, bavaro.Everything centered at the dominica for us. The pools had more shade, the outdoor grill, the dancing, the dance lessons, the shopping street (3 or 4 shops) the stage shows the vicinty of the Internet Cafe. Everything is in closer proximity to the Dominica. Hence the better deal.This was our firt time being at an all inclusive and the bar was definitly set very high.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AvrilLeech
<Content>Lovely location! Great beach! What to expect. Holiday dates: 3rd - 17th November. FLIGHT - Flying with First Choice was definitely a notch above other carriers. The seats are a lot wider and there is more leg room. When booking, remember to book your seats together at an additional cost! If you do not, even if you are a couple, they will not automatically put you together. In fact it seemed that most couples who had not pre-booked their seats , were separated. Extra leg-room actually means the seats by the Emergency Exits, which are also used by some passengers to go from one side of the plane to the other. Not really an advantage! HOTEL - When you book this holiday, be aware that these are two hotels in one, as the Iberostar Dominicana shares the same beach and swimming pool area, together with the five satellite restaurants and the theatre at the Dominicana is also shared by both hotels. Be aware that the number of rooms stated should be put together and this gives you the true size of the complex. The hotels are set in wonderful gardens which are kept beautifully clean. The beach is clean and the water wonderfully clear. This coast, however, is not calm and there are usually fairly large breakers, so not really ideal for children. The free-form pools are magnificent, however, and are very clean and inviting!There is no swim-up bar although there are two bars on the beach. These bars serve drinks all day but the quality of the cocktails left a lot to be desired. The wine at these bars was also pretty undrinkable. The main bars in the two hotel lobbies definitely served the best drinks, whilst wine in the main buffet restaurants was very poor quality Spanish table wine. International wines could be purchased, however, from 20 dollars a bottle! The rooms were very large but not particularly luxurious. They are air-conditioned and the beds are large and the sheets are changed once every two days. Clean towels are available every day, together with beach towels. There is a small mini-bar containing water, beer and soft drinks. There are no coffee or tea making facilities which we found annoying as it was a fair walk to the main bar, which was the only place which served drinks after the pool bars had closed. There was no iron or ironing board either in the room, although we were told you could go to reception and borrow one, not really very convenient!FOOD - The two buffet restaurants, which are linked by a small brige, generally, served good food. There was a wide international range of dishes which were generally well cooked. The cold meats, however, were dreadful and should be avoided. The salad bar was good and there was a wide choice of tropical fruits. We saw little or no seafood served, however, which, for a Caribbean destination was very disappointing. The satellite restaurants were, generally, very poor. These have to be booked in advance, and, were very disappointing. This was not just our opinion, but the opinion of others we talked to. ENTERTAINMENT - The entertainment ranged from very poor to O.K. The general activities around the pool area were, generally very good and the staff work very hard. The evening entertainment, however, was, generally not very good. There were a couple of shows which were rather mediocre for a 5 star rated hotel. Some evenings there were rather juevenile competitions like Mr. and Mrs. and silly games on stage. Not what we expected. EXCURSIONSKeep money aside for some excursions as they are generally well worthwhile. Many of you reading this will think that we did not enjoy our holiday. On the contrary we did! It was thoroughly relaxing and just what we needed. Ours is just an opinion amongst many. We have tried to give you a few pointers and hope that these will be useful. We would also be interested to read your comments!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wovolasa
<Content>Laid Back Travelling to Punta Cana. If you don't enjoy night life, Go. If you do, find another place. Hotel, is above average, beaches were very nice, clean. Personnell were extremely pleasant, enjoyed their jobs, always smiling  helpful. Pools were nice, clean, always activities. Night life:BAD!!!! Shows,rating: 1 - 10, maybe a 3. Bars advertised daily evening activies:Never Happened. Sat for hours, no activities. Casino, very very small. Evenings were absolutely BORING. Hotel: Clean, location I guess Okay,too far of a drive from airport. Restaurants: Good, went to each one, nice option. Buffet: Okay, enough of selection to survive. Alcohol: Okay, level of alcohol was middle shelf.Daytime activities: Okay. If you wanted to play any type of activity, if it was scheduled, you couldn't play iebocce ball, horseshoes, etc. Should make available all day if you want to play but not the case. Everything is SCHEDULED. Not for me. Won't go back. DON'T USE APPLE VACATIONS. MISLED ALL THE WAY!!!!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Thorntwell
<Content>Iberostar Punta Cana--wonderful resort Well, we just got back from staying a week at the Iberostar Punta Cana (11/5-11/12). We had a wonderful week. The vacation started out badly, because when we got to the airport, our charter through Apple Vacations was delayed 2 hours! Their reason #1 was crew scheduling problems and reason #2: The Sky Chef stocked the plane with just potato chips and not real food. They had to go back and find food for us. All they could find was breakfast, which was horrid. I really think the sausage was a sponge--I had to spit it out it was so bad. I will think twice before booking through Apple again.When we finally did get there, the airport is an open air airport. You go down the steps to the tarmack and walk in. They will stop you to take pictures with natively dressed girls. Just like the cruise ships. These pix are available when you leave.As others have stated, you will have to have a state issued birth certificate and photo id or passport. (They did recommend women bringing marriage certificates to prove the change in name from birth certificate to current ID, but I wasn't asked for that.) Have your 10 dollars and pen ready to fill out your paperwork. The porters will over-run each other to get to you to help you with their baggage. Let them help and give them a few bucks-we tipped a buck a bag. We didn't encounter any apple vacation look-a-like people trying to wisk us off to other places as we had heard about. Probably because we got there so late. Our apple rep was waiting right outside for us to direct us to our correct buses. The ride to the hotel was about 35 minutes. When we got there, they wisk you right up to the check in desk. We got mired down with searching for our luggage, so we ended up at the end of the line. Tip: let one person get the luggage and the other get in line. They are within eye-sight of each other. They will give you an envelope with all your information and wrist bands. There will be a person there to explain where your room is--they took us to the general vicinity of our rooms and then pointed us in the right direction. We did not get a drink on arrival. Again, probably because we got in so late. I did email and asked for an upgrade for our friends (and possibly something special 'champagne' maybe?)--it was their 10 year anniversary. This did not happen. They did get a king bed and unfortunately we got the two doubles. We did go down in the morning though and dear Andres said he would take care of us and change us to a king room the next day after some others left. This was done and was seamless. We packed our stuff up and the porter took it all over to our new room (which was overlooking the pool--very nice!) (my husband enjoyed it because there was a topless lady outside our window every morning--men!). There is a lot of toplessness down there. Heck, we even tried it! I think we had more fun rating all the ------- and voting whether they were fake or real. We got to the beach by around 8:00 to get seats. We never really had a problem getting a cabana. It did help to take a couple of our own towels to mark the seats. We never had a problem with someone trying to steal our seats. The spa on the dominicana side is really cool. They have separate saunas for men and women. They even have a Eucalyptus Steam Room, which really clears the head and pores. The women's was not operational, so we used the men's. They have lockers that you can stow your stuff while using the sauna. Then they have showers with shampoo and body soap available. They even give you fresh towels. Jacuzzi's are free, but you do have to reserve them. I do recommend a nice massage for $25.00 right on the beach. We did that and then the jacuzzi and sauna. Then hit the beach to basque in the sun all day. Boy was that nice. We took thermal glasses like suggested, but didn't use them. They had two sizes of glasses that they served their beverages in. If you get the bigger size, unless you're really into slamming them one after the other, you'll be ready for a new one just about the time you need to flip over!The food was absolutely awesome. Those who stated they had trouble finding stuff to eat must be pretty picky eaters. The two buffets are pretty much mirrors of each other. You can have anything from omlets, pancakes, doughnuts, chicken, veggies, sandwiches, yogurt, cereal--you name it--for breakfast. For lunch--eat at the beach. You can either eat on the punta cana or dominicana side. They had the typical hamburgers, hotdogs, chips and cheese, pizza, ham, pork chops, fish, chicken, salads, veggies, dessert, so much, I really can't name them all. One day they did have a huge pan of rice and seafood--it was awesome! When you get there, make sure to stop at guest services, just to the right of the entry to the punta cana buffet, to make reservations for your sit-down meals. They offer five different restaurants: japanese, steak house, tropical, mexican, or gourmet. The food was good. I was disappointed in the steak house--they tell you to dress nice and all, you do that, and then when we got there a family with three kids were just letting the kids play in the sand (the steak house is on the beach). Some people came walking in in jean shorts and tank tops. One family didn't even have a reservation, just slipped the matre de a bill. I think it cheapened the experience for us. The gourmet restaurant was absolutely awesome--you get to order one thing: Lobster. It is like a 7 course meal of absolutely delectible foods. The dessert is to die for. Tip: They say you can only have three sit down meals. After seeing how empty these restaurants were (which we never could figure out why), we decided to go and try to set up another sit down meal. I don't think they keep track of how many you've signed up for because we got a fourth sit down meal with no problems. The rooms were pretty clean. Linens were changed daily. We didn't drink much out of our mini-bar, but they do give you 4 presidente beers, several bottles of water (which I did not notice that they had been previously opened), a diet coke, sprite and orange Fanta. TV Channels are spotty. Sometimes we could get ABC out of NY (which was nice to keep in touch with back home) and other times it wasn't there. We did do the James Bond speed boats out to snorkel and the Outback Safari trips. Three out of four of us did not like the James Bond speed boats. It was an extremely rough ride, you couldn't see because of all of the salt water being thrown in your eyes, and that's with sun glasses on. When you got there, you only got to snorkle for 20 minutes. I was surprised to see the guides standing on the reef. If you've ever snorkeled before, I'm sure you know you're not supposed to touch the reef. It says it's a half day tour, but for substance, I'd say you get less than 1 1/2 hours. The rest of the time is waiting around to get all of the boats up and running or getting to and from the business.On the other hand, the Outback Safari is a must. This trip will take you through the country side, you'll see a typical native home, you will learn about their culture, their livelihoods and the land. You will taste fresh cocoa and coffee (even a cocoa bean straight from the fruit). You will have a nice lunch at a ranch. You will see iguanas, snakes and tarrantulas (all caged thank you very much!) The last stop will have you boogie boarding in the ocean at a private spot. (water was a little stinky. There was a guard there with an M-16. Little scary, but great photo op) It is EXTREMELY bumpy--when you get back from Punta Cana, you will never again complain about the condition of your local roads! It is a very long day. I would suggest booking this early in your vacation. This area is not a place where you would go, rent a car and drive around. When you go to your resort, you will stay there and only venture out for your tours. After the ride in on the bus, you'll probably understand why I say the following...you will not want to rent a car and drive around to site-see. If you want a heart stopping adventure, rent a cab to take you to a nearby resort casino like we did. I thank God for answering prayers and we made it home safely. These cabbies know what they are doing and driving in Punta Cana is not for the faint of heart.If you go to the shopping center down the beach, make sure you dicker on the price. Check from shop to shop--they all carry the same stuff. Their cheap, cheap, almost free isn't always almost free and you can most likely get a better deal.Well, I hope some of this will be useful to you. We did have a blast, it was very relaxing, the temps were in the mid-upper 80s during the day and high 70s at night. It only rained at dinner 2 days for about 10 minutes, and one afternoon for about 2 hours. So, all in all, it was a perfect vacation. The grounds are gorgeous. Take some time to play with the Star Friends. I entered a shooting contest and won--Even though I'm no marksman! Even beat my hubby who is an avid hunter. Told him maybe I should go with him next time.I heard some horror stories from people on the plane who attended other resorts. This resort will not give you a horror story. As far as getting sick. I'd say don't go hog-wild on alcohol and food. All in moderation will lead to a fun, worry free time! If you have any questions, feel free to email me: Thorntwell@aol.com I can send pix.Kathi  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lissanne514
<Content>Gorgeous! My boyfriend and I stayed here from 10/30 to 11/6. We had a great time and it was absolutely beautiful. I will try to make it detailed as possible to answer everyones questions. It is about a 35 minute ride from the airport. We booked through Apple so our transfers were included. I recommned you attend your tour groups meeting at the hotel, it is very informative. The Punta Cana lobby is absolutely gorgeous. Living ponds, marble floors, open air and spacy, room to lounge and a nice bar. I think the PC lobby is much nicer than the Dominicana. For those who dont know, there are 3 seperate resorts (Iberostar Bavaro, Dominicana and Punta Cana) Visitors of PC and Domin. can use all of the facilities between the 2 hotels, bars, restaurants, etc. But you cant use the Bavaro. The Bavaro can use all 3 hotel facilities. Anyway- we were upgraded to a little suite with full size sofa, 2 tables and chairs, king size bed, spcacious bathroom and closet. We had a safe and mini bar included. The room was just absoulutely immaculate. One of the nicest rooms I've ever stayed in. The maids always made designs out of the towels and had fresh flowers on them. They always restocked the mini bar and we had turn down service with mints on our pillows a couple times. We also had a pretty balcony. The TVs there have Discovery Channel, ABC, CNN, TBS, USA,ESPN. The AC worked perfectly. The best part of Punta Cana in general is their beaches. Absolutely breathtaking. Pure white powder sand beaches and crystal clear waters. Warm water too! We always found lounge chairs under the palapas-even in the afternoon. They have a dive center on the property where you can arrange catamarans, kayaks, scuba, snorkeling, banana boat rides and parasailing. We did kayaks and snorkeling. Snorkeling isnt too great here at all. Yeah there are lots of topless women and speedo men- but who cares? if they feel comfortable with that, its their choice. The pools are also very pretty. Always clean and at a nice temperature. Designed nicely, little coves and deep and shallow ends. You can walk in like a beach where it goes from shallow to deep. Very nice. The Dominicana and PC pools were both nice, not different from one another. We also never had problems finding chairs here either. I cant say enough on how beautiful the grounds are. Everything is perfect. Lots of palm trees, etc. Another neat aspect is they have wildlife on the property such as chickens, cockatiels, turtles, flamingos and peacocks. Look out for Mr. Roo! Big white chicken that perches on chairs in the theater area at night. So sweet! We loved him. Both lobby's have gift shops or supermercados. In between the Dominican and Bavaro resort, there is a Caribbean street with little shops and the spa is over there. We used the jacuzzi and got a massage. Very relaxing! As for entertainment, we never really got involved. Star Friends seem good and are very funny. We were always sleeping before the shows or disco opened! heh. As for bars and resturants, between the 2 resorts-I think there are 6 bars. 1 for each lobby, 1 for each beachside restaurant (dominican has 2) there is a bar in the Star Rock Cafe and disco. In between the 2 pools there is also a health bar. You'll always find a bar open from 10am to 1 am, and probably evn later at the disco. For breakfast, there is buffet from 7am-10am in the PC side buffet. Brekfast was good-has every breakfast food you can think of. In between from 10-12, La Cana (beachside PC lunch area and nightime steakhouse) offers cereals, croissants, etc. At 12, you have 3 options for lunch. One of the buffets is open, or La Cana or La Marimba (dominicana side) is open. La Cana has ice cream, rotisserie chicken, burgers, etc. La Marimba has more to offer such as pizza, nachos, pastas, etc. By the way- at La Cana lunch say hi to Arismendi-he is sooo sweet and hardworking! He also does PC side dinner buffet. As for dinner you have some options. If you stay 7 nights, you get 3 a la carte coupons to use. The a la cartes that you need reservations for are La Sibilia (gourmet) Maria Bonita (Mexican) La Marimba (caribbean) La Cana (steakhouse) and Pagoda (oriental) We ate at La Cana steakhouse and the Mexican. Both buffets are also open for dinner, you just go there whenever. They all open at 630. There is also an ice cream stand called La Yola by the spa. Also there is an American a la carte that you dont need reservations for, Star Rock Cafe. They have American style food. It is located in a building in front of Dominicana lobby that also holds some gift shops, the disco and a cigar shop. I will explain the downsides of the food later. We did 3 excursions. The Outback Safari tour, Marinarium and Aquatic Tour. All 3 were absolutely awesome! I would def recommend all 3, but especially the Safair and the Aquatic Tour. For more info on these, type in their names in the search part because I will post reviews for them as well. Ok, now for a couple cons to the resort. Very few premium alcohols, no swim up bar! Another con is it is a decent walk from our room to the beach and pool, it got kind of annoying. And the floors are so slippery!! Im not clumsy and I went down twice so be really careful. I saw a lot of people falling. Ok, the food. There is tons of selection so for the not picky eaters, Im sure you'll like it, but we are picky and not impressed. I think we lost weight on this vacation. Breakfast was always good. for lunch, the rotisserie chicken at La Cana was good as well as ice cream. Their cheeses and beefs are imported from South America or something and taste so strange. Therefore, the burgers weren't good, or pizza, etc. I stuck to pasta with no sauce on it most of the week. Nachos were good too. We ate at Star Rock twice, buffet 3 times and mexican and steakhouse. We didnt even use our 3rd coupon because we didnt like any of the menu choices at the other restuarants. Another thing is at the a la cartes, you need to serve yourself soup and appetizer at a set up buffet, and only get your entree deleivered by a waiter. I thought the whole purpose of an a la carte was to be waited on? Besides those few downers, this resort was beyond my expectations. The staff here is amazingly gracous, hard working and friendly. I loved them. Especially Arismendi at La Cana and Romer and Marcelo at the PC lobby bar at night. Pick this hotel and you wont regret it. We had a blast and you feel like you are in absolute paradise!! Email me with any question! lissanne514@hotmail.com  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bev61
<Content>Fantastic Probably the best holiday we have ever had. The down sides first... The staff work extremely hard to satisfy your every need. A few dollars tip makes a big difference to them...Take small demoninations as $1 bills are very, very rare!! The shows can be a little tedious. Get up early to get a decent poolside bed and shade!That's it.. The food was wonderful, everything you could possibly want. The activities team worked really hard, but do not force you to enter any games etc. They were hilarious.The disco was good although 12-1am is Salsa.The accomodation was first class. We always had fresh little flowers in the bathroom everyday. Towels and bed linen change regularly.All the staff were friendly and helpful. The bar staff were excellent, we were always served within minutes and they kept their bar immaculate. Can't understand if customers complained about the food.. It was excellent. A huge variety to choose from.Having 2 teenagers with us was a worry to start off with as we were not sure if the hotel would suit them, We needn't have worried, after the first day, they were away with the team having great fun. We would thoroughly recommend this hotel to all. We can't wait to go back!!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great maid service,but..... i just returned from my stay at the iberostar punta cana,upon arrival we recieved no welcome drinks and our porter drew us a map for us to find our own room,the hotel itself is beautiful and our room was spacious and clean,we did notice however that the water in the mini fridge had been refilled as the caps on all four bottles had been open and not sealed,we thought it was just from the previous guests but to our surprise it happened that way all week,each time we checked the water bottles they had been previously opened and refilled,the food was great but i did not agree with the dress code for dinner,i checked before i went and the rules stated guys cannot wear t-tops(tank tops)so i brought all sleeveless collared shirts with me and was still told i could not eat with those on even though i showed them the rules that were printed by ibersotar,i had to purchase all new shirts for this reason or not eat,and as i said my shirts had collars on them and were not tank tops,this is supposed to be a beach resort and people should feel comfortable,during the week i did notice other gentleman allowed in and allowed to eat wearing tank tops,they were however european and not american like myself,i also noticed woman dining in bathing suits and a t-shirt,also european,we also noticed in the dining rooms that they used what appeared to be powdered milk and not real milk,but other than that the food was delicious and plentiful,the grounds were extremely clean and well maintained,the overall appearance of the resort was superb,the beach area was cleaned everyday and chairs were plentiful,the only other problems we had was the staff,they were not to friendly toward us,and sometimes when we said hola we got no response,it was almost if they had a problem because we were americans,we have been to the dominican twice before staying at the casa marina reef and beach resort in puerto plata and had wonderful times on each trip,we came away from those trips thinking what a wonderful country and such friendly people here,but we came away from this trip thinking totally differently,i do not think i would stay at an iberostar or go to punta cana again due to this most recent trip.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>3	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>zimbi16
<Content>Iberostar is Fabulous!   showReview(4054699, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise with a smile!   showReview(4047657, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dekicall
<Content>Loved it   showReview(4001304, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>drvisitor
<Content>Topless bathing in beach and pools   showReview(3984666, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Staff/Norf
<Content>Wonderful hotel and people!!!   showReview(3982100, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Giga
<Content>Love Iberostar   showReview(3900295, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Iberostar Punta Cana-2nd trip and time for a change   showReview(3894405, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Lil_Dippa
<Content>Best holiday ever   showReview(3892598, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>IntoIT
<Content>Iberostar Punta Cana - Excellent Choice       The Shower  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>more then great   showReview(1122210, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gwenaelle_C
<Content>Magique       hotel  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DeMontevideo
<Content>Nos encanto   showReview(22581523, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Iberostar Punta Cana   showReview(22958377, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ISABLUGO
<Content>Excelente Iberostar Punta Cana       adorno de la Cocina... Hermoso  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Basket33
<Content>Un hotel con excelentes instalaciones   showReview(20127457, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Paradiesurlaub   showReview(22962789, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alberche
<Content>Magn铆fico   showReview(19383185, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fabelhaft   showReview(22948562, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel   showReview(22947304, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Emejota
<Content>Me decepcion贸 un poco   showReview(18785361, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PacoAlicante
<Content>Magn铆fico complejo   showReview(18634483, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Reisegenie
<Content>Tolles Hotel , aber..   showReview(18491784, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Batman1928
<Content>Tr猫s bel hotel   showReview(18418989, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>conchudo5
<Content>fantastico   showReview(17808867, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Dexter25
<Content>Excelente!!!!   showReview(16780362, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Velca
<Content>Recomendable cien por cien   showReview(15931667, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cule_castefa
<Content>Espero volver!!!   showReview(15911266, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>jaja1964
<Content>hotel de reve a recommander       nous et Estevan  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marceymaxi
<Content>excelente es poco   showReview(14088563, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>laurentn59
<Content>Magique       La plage de l'hotel  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Elixir118
<Content>Super souvenir   showReview(13379646, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Vaguete
<Content>Un buen "todo incluido"   showReview(12187267, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>myfpontevedra
<Content>La luna de miel perfecta       El corte ingles de isla Saona  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>koskea
<Content>Da para volver   showReview(10842036, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>inout
<Content>Tout est parfait   showReview(10684735, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Vaner
<Content>Geniallllll       Jardin  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>oliviersalou
<Content>vacances super relax       piscine  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	3	4	3	

<Author>sartrevski
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel   showReview(10020265, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>curri_7
<Content>Todo perfecto   showReview(8674755, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joseantoco
<Content>Todo muy bueno pero....   showReview(8461083, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Plogonza
<Content>Inmejorable       Team  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EMILIO13
<Content>bienvenidos al paraiso,Ana;Rocio;Cueli;Siles;Flores;Emilio       Lobby Dominicana  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>trasgu
<Content>playa infinita   showReview(5804064, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bien mais peut mieux faire (ce n'est pas un 5*)   showReview(5343433, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

