<Author>Rigafan
<Content>The friendliest staff We stayed at Marriott for just one night in mid-December on our way back from a truly great holiday on St Croix, the US Virgin Islands. After a 10-day holiday on the private quiet beach, San Juan truly seemed vibrant and noisy and we weren't exactly thrilled about the fact that the holiday was over and that we'd soon have to return to all the snow at home.However, the hotel staff was so nice to us, so it made our last day a little more bearable. The rooms were nice and clean, the bathroom was good as well, and there's even a little pool out there by the restaurant, so it was all good and we liked our stay very much.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>maltasr
<Content>Well managed, clean hotel I stayed at the Marriott Courtyard Miramar for two nights in early December. I enjoyed my stay for several reasons: 1) the hotel staff were exceptionally courteous and helpful, 2) the room was exceptionally clean and well cared for; I couldn't find anything to complain about, 3) the restauraunt served an excellent breakfast which was either buffet style or off the menu style, 4) the restaurant converted to a French style restaurant in the evening and was excellent in quality although somewhat pricey. My only minor complaint was the location of the hotel made it a bit difficult to find at night and I did not feel comfortable going out by foot at night. Old San Juan and other points of interest required a taxi to reach. Ratewise I felt the hotel was fairly priced; I paid about $140/night after having booked the reservation through the Marriott website and choosing the Senior Rate (62 years or older). I am returning to San Juan in January and will be staying at the Courtyard Marriott Miramar once again.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MAJ790HAN
<Content>Wonderful Pre/Post Cruise Hotel We stayed at this property before and after a 7-night Royal Caribbean cruise on board Adventure of the Seas. We arrived two days before the cruise because I'd read that flying into San Juan the day of embarkation was not recommended. We got a great price per night due to our travel agent arranging a group rate.The front desk staff was very friendly and accommodating. We arrived for our pre-cruise stay about 3 PM. Check-in was quick and pleasant. The rooms are average size for a Courtyard property. Everything was very clean and well maintained. I learned that Marriott had recently purchased and renovated the hotel. My only complaints about the room were its proximity to the elevator shaft. You could hear the elevator whooshing up and down all-night long! Also, the room was EXTREMELY COLD!!!!!! There was no thermostat to attempt to warm things up a bit! Alas, the price paid for vacationing where it never gets cold!There was a restaurant in the hotel, but it was very expensive. There are numerous places to eat within walking distance of the hotel. One place recommended by the staff was the Los Pinos restaurant, about 3 blocks from the hotel. Frankly, the food or the staff did not impress me. My steak sandwich was so tough; I could have soled my shoes with it! The wait staff pretty much ignored us until I complained to management. There are other places nearby (Papa John's Pizza, a Pueblo supermarket (a huge chain supermarket in Puerto Rico) and more!) So, you need not pay those extravagant prices at the hotel restaurant if you don't want to!There is also a U.S. Post Office across the street. I mailed the cruise souvenirs home, thus avoiding the airport hassle of extra baggage!Public transportation is plentiful and cheap. Several bus lines just outside the hotel get you to Old San Juan for just 50 cents. As far as security was concerned, I felt completely safe walking around the area at night. Like any place else, just use a little common sense and avoid areas that even look like they may be trouble. Our post-cruise stay of one night was great! Our cruise ship arrived in San Juan at 7 AM. We were off the ship by 10 AM. We expected a long wait for our room. But, we were pleasantly surprised when our room was ready so early in the day! During the post-cruise stay, we took advantage of the small laundry room in the basement. We washed up the dirty clothes accumulated during the cruise. So, we had all clean clothing to pack for the final journey home the next afternoon.I would highly recommend this hotel. In fact, if we take a non-cruise trip to San Juan in the future, we may just stay at this Courtyard.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>ru4jr
<Content>Great Hotel....Only One Exception.. Good Location, great staff, rooms are clean. It's what you expect from Marriott. Staff was very professional and helpful. Definitely would stay there again. The only exception was the restaurant. Very over-priced. 17 dollars per person for breakfast. Served as a continential breakfast. Also, ordered seafood dishes for dinner, in both dishes, the seafood was over-cooked, the waiter dropped off the food and disappeared. When I complained to the dining room manager, all he did was bring us a free desert, which tasted like a protein bar. I recommend that you eat outside hotel. Unless you like overcooked and overpriced meals.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>VirginiaHawkeye
<Content>Good hotel to use as a base for taking in San Juan The hotel is centrally located so it is within a few minutes drive to all the San Juan landmarks. However, the closest beach is the Condado public beach, which is a 20-25 minute walk. You will have to drive to the other beaches. If you want a comfortable, updated, well-staffed, well-located hotel that you want to use as a base for planning your days in Puerto Rico, this is a great choice. If you want to have easy access to the beach every day, it is not a good choice.The staff is really polite and acommodating. The room we had was modern, updated, has a small refrigerator, and a complimentary internet connection. The bed and linens were very comfortable. We did not eat at the overpriced hotel restaurants and opted to eat at four different cheap, but good, local puerto rican restaurants within a five block walk of the hotel. There is a grocery store, pharmacy, and gas station within two blocks of the hotel (very handy for getting water, snacks, meds, and gas for rental car). There is a Papa Johns, Subway, Dominos, and Taco Maker also within a couple blocks.The hotel has easy access to the main highways to quickly get to your destination. A couple negatives is that the hotel only has valet parking ($15/day), one elevator for guests, and the gym is small (one treadmill, one eliptical, one bike, and free weights).  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	5	4	3	

<Author>gagak
<Content>Nice Hotel I'd give this a 3.5 rating.If you're looking for a beach resort, this ain't it. A central location for trips around the island-it is. And at a good price. We stayed here for one night pre-cruise and 3 nights post-cruise. A 2-room king suite with refrigerator each time for about $160 per night. The rooms were clean and modern. The first afternoon we had no hot water, but it was hot by that evening. Unlike other reviewers, I found this hotel to be conveniently located if you rent a car and do sightseeing--it's one block from a main highway and is also located on a major street. 15 minutes from the airport, 15 minutes in the other direction from Old San Juan and cruise port. 5 minutes to Condado and Isla Verde and those tourist areas. It's not a resort neighborhood; it is in a regular working neighborhood with a wide array of people. From beggars to schoolchildren to working people, to the office buildings, to the $700,000 condos going up across the street. A bus route also passes the hotel.Across the street or within a couple of blocks of the hotel were several local restaurants (with excellent food!), Walgreens, Marshalls, Rainbow (Ladies' clothing), Subway, Pueblo supermarket (PR chain), a couple of pharmacies that were more like mega convenience stores, a dollar store, the post office, a gas station and more. None of them were charging tourist prices. A block away, next to the highway was also a large lagoon that we and others walked and jogged alongside. On the other side of the lagoon was the Condado area. The hotel staff was wonderful. We had good experiences with the valet, the front desk, the bellman, the housekeeper. We did not use the onsite restaurant, though we heard it was one of the best in San Juan, but out of our price range for this vacation. There is a small jewelry store and mini(no I mean really, really tiny) mart in the lobby. The valet made arrangements for the car rental agency to pick us up to get our rental.I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>3	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RobbleRobble
<Content>Great place - great time. A nice spot to be in San Juan My wife and I stayed here just this weekend and I wanted to share what a positve experience we had. The Courtyard Marriot, Miramar is located in the business center of San Juan I read many reviews commenting that this was a poor location. For our needs we found that far from the case. Is it beachfront? No...but neither is the price. We got a room here on Priceline for under a Ben Franklin considering the price it is VERY tough to beat.By the location, this property caters more to the business set than the tourist type. For us this was a good thing. What it means for you is you get a clean, well aportioned and QUIET place to sleep in a very busy city. Those who want to be out till 4AM drinking will likely not apprecate this hotel as it is not in walking distance to the myriad of bars in Condado or Old San Juan. For this rest of us, this is a fantastic place to be. For those with a car, there is valet parking at the property - $15 a night. We were quite lucky and found parking on the steet each night. For those without a vehicle, there is a bus stop less than a half block away that will take you to Old San Juan, Condado, or wherever else you want to go.We found the neighborhood to be safe and well lit (a mixed residential / business area) As for the property - a recent major renovation has given this property a very sharp appearance both inside and out. Expect the typical Courtyard by Marriot color scheme.The common areas were very clean - with nice marble accents and a free business center with a computer for use by the guests.Check-in was very quick and the staff very pleasant.This property is a bit atypical for a Courtyard Marriot as there is not a true Courtyard per say. There is a small pool at the property and one of the best restaurants in all San Juan (very formal).Our room was a king sized room on the 11th floor. We had a partial view of the lagoon which was a nice touch. As for the room itself it was quite well apportioned - all the usuals you would expect - largre comfortable bed, a business desk and side chair and a standard 25 TV. The TV was only so-so, but how often do you just hang out in the room to watch TV?The carpets and furniture were new and the carpets fresh with no visible wear. The bathroom was apportioned with marble floors and counters and fresh paint and new modern lighting.Water pressue was very good (sometimes a problem in San Juan) and there was ample hot water as well.All in all - We have no complaints with the hotel at all. Frankly I question where some of the folks with negative reviews stayed, as this was well beyond our expecations. AAA gives this property 2 diamonds, and priceline calls this property 2 1/2 stars, I would I would give this property a solid 3 1/2 stars. We have stayed in many AAA 3 diamond hotels that were not half as nice as this property.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>chris.r.copeland
<Content>Nice Rooms, Good Hotel, Bad Location This hotel is hard to rate. The hotel itself is very nice. The rooms are nicely updated and things just look professional. The valet parking works well. I hear the restaurant is very popular, but way too expensive for me to try myself.The problems were these: 1) Didn't have any hot water for my first 5 nights (but its an issue they have now fixed), 2) The regular restarant is closed and undergoing construction, 3) The street on which this hotel is located is very bad. Expect to have to walk through areas crowded with bums and other miscreants on the way to the closest food (Subway).I would say this place is good if you are staying a one or just a few days. I would not stay here long, and I would never suggest this hotel for a single woman travelling alone.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	1	4	4	3	4	

<Author>croapino
<Content>Great Hotel, but not so great location I was in San Juan for my best friend's wedding and found a good deal for Courtyard for $100 on Priceline's blind auction. The hotel was great, comfy room, friendly staff. The location was a bit inconvenient from everything San Juan has to offer. Its a $15 cab ride to the beaches of Isla Verde and $15 to Old San Juan which is only 2 miles away. Oh yeah, cabbies totally take advantage of the tourists. Its $15 minimum anywhere you go. Same with the restaurants in San Juan. All the fancy places seems to be trying too hard - the only good meal I had was at hole in the wall mom and pops type place with an authentic menu.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	2	5	4	5	5	

<Author>miketp
<Content>Good for Pre-Cruise My wife and I stayed here for one night prior to our cruise. We chose it because it was close to the harbor, only 5 minutes by taxi. First the good things about it. The staff was very friendly and helpful. When we inquired about eateries within walking distance the bellman recommended Los Cafe Pinos. We ate there and the food was very good and the prices reasonable. It is a neighborhood restaurant not a tourist place. One warning though, if you don't speak Spanish communicating with the waitress can be a problem. The room at the hotel was clean and comfortable and fine for a night. We had no problems with check-in but checkout was very slow. It was Easter weekend and lots of pre-cruise guests trying to checkout but they only had one clerk on duty.The negatives were few in our experience. The hotel lost power briefly was was corrected . Our room was nonsmoking but every time the air came on it brought the smell of cigarette smoke into the room. The restaurants are very pricey. We attempted to eat breakfast before checkout but walked out without it. The hostess ignored the line and chatted with a group of locals at their table. A couple leaving told us that service was nonexistent and plan to be there at least two hours.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>mjs11505
<Content>O.k for a short stay. My husband and I were there for 5 days/4 nights. Check in was a breeze. Room was very spacious and clean, but still cold even though the thermostat was on warm. After a couple of days there, the maid service showed up, while we were still in the room and we let her come in to do her job. Right before our very eyes, she picked up our glasses and rinsed them out in the bathroom. We were shocked and asked her for clean glasses, but she didn't speak english. No apologies were given. With the price we paid to stay there, we expected better. The valet parking was very good and informative. You will need to rent a car or take a taxi to see tourist areas. There are several places to eat in the area. Next time I will definitely pay a little more for a better hotel close to the beach and in a better area where you can feel safe walking at night. We would have been better off staying in Condado or Isla Verde. Also upon checkout, we ended up being charged for our full stay, even though 1 night was susposed to be free, we used our Marriott Points when booking and the hotel couldn't do anything about it, even though we showed them in writing. They said they never received anything from their home office.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>Peregrinator_7
<Content>Courtyard San Juan Miramar - Expect long check-in process and wait       Hotel Bed  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	5	1	4	-1	

<Author>gvldiva
<Content>Nice, but I think I will stay at the Marriott Next time To begin the staff was very nice and friendly. They allowed us to leave our luggage after check out while we went shopping before our cruise was to leave out that evening, I cannot say enough about the staff. As for the hotel, it was OK. The bed was comfortable and the room itself was pretty clean. I liked the bathroom until I looked up and saw where part of the ceiling looked to have been leaking alot and the tub has some issues with some mold. I think it is because this building was an old building that had been renovated. I could see where when the painters painted, they just painted over the hinges, etc in the room. I noticed this inside and outside the room. As for the area, it was pretty dead. I think that is because iti was more or less a business district and we were there on the weekend. I will say the room was very quiet. If you are looking for a view, there really isn't one. If I had to do it again and considering how expensive this Courtyard was, I would rather pay the extra money and book at the Marriott in the Condado.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	5	5	3	

<Author>voyagerLondon
<Content>Expensive, but great We stayed at the Marriott Courtyard the night before boarding a Caribbean cruise. Our choice was mainly based on the fact that this is one of the hotels by Royal Caribbean to put passengers up before their cruise. Although very expensive for the few hours spent, it was of a very high standard and close to the port. Checkin is at 3pm and checkout at 12 noon. However, were generally accommodating when we requested a 1pm checkout (however, the maid was not made aware and at first insisted we leave at 12 noon). Taxi's cost about US$12 - 14 to the port. The only negative is that the breakfast is extremely expensive. However, not to worry, there's a supermarket, and a couple eating places across the road. In terms of location, while good for the port, appears to be little to do - would therefore need to be prepared to take a taxi to the tourist areas.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>creolegirl
<Content>Good Value Pre-Cruise Booked one night through the Mariott website. I booked a double room, but upon arrival was told that I would only be given a king. I had to fight this at the desk. I will say however, that the desk agent handled this problem well. She maintained a calm demeanor and a smile the entire time.The room itself was a city view and looks exactly like the pictures from the hotel website. The room was clean and the beds were comfortable. I have no complaints in regard to the quality. We paid for a 3 star and received a 3 star. There are several restaurants within walking distance from the hotel. I would suggest this hotel to anyone with a short stay in San Juan.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>ser182
<Content>Nice hotel First i would like to stay we had a great vacation for the eight days that we were there. When we showed up to the hotel it is very nice. there was eight of us(two families w/small kids). we requested to two rooms together but they could not set it up that day(they set us up two days later, even after we forgot). so we headed to our rooms and they were very clean and had the right amount of towels too! We were very pleased. The sliding doors are double walled glass. Staying near the airport was not a problem. You kind of blank it out after a while. once or three times an hour they fly over. the beach was nice and clean. The waiters were very nice and would help you with your chairs and umbrellas. The beach is not sand but small sea shells. but it was still nice. We ended up near the san juan hotel near the jet skies because the beach had very soft sand and the waves were smaller. the waves in front of the courtyard were very rough for my kids. they were nice size waves. So were always walking to the softsand beach near the san juan hotel. Plus they had a store that sold beer and spirts. stock up here and get you a foam cooler and take to the beach. It will save for a fe hundred dollars. the don q spirt was very good. Also don't trip on the beer. They come in 7 oz 10oz 12oz(the rarest of them all).you will rarely be served a 12oz beer. The locals were great. Please come very fit. ; ) You will see that everyone(locals) at the beach is in shape. It must be all those 7oz beers that keeps them thin. You must try the beer called Presidenta. A great Dominican beer. We ate at one restaurant down stairs and it was not worth the $24 charge. Dont eat there go out. the breakfast was very good. dinner no!!! go to Metropol for dinner it was the only place we ate at. there were two others i have forgot but i will edit when i receive my pictures. You need to rent a car before hand or at the hotel. you would get a better deal there. You must got Luquillo. the beaches were calm for small kids. the water is clear and cool. There are two places to get food and drinks. there are also restrooms and showers. it cost about $4 are car to get in. beers are about 2.50 a 10oz can. Food is about 4.00 and up.we also did the bio kayak tour. we paid about 70$ buck a peice. it was kind of high but we have never sen the water glow like that. it was pretty cool but not for 70$. it was nice though kayaking. two places that must been seen is Culebra  and Vieques. these are the most beautiful beaches in puerto rico. one other thing dont worry about the rain. it rains just for a few then it is back to the heat and sun. one time when were out it rained for about 30 min and that was it. not very hard .. i hope thhis helps.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	5	5	3	

<Author>IVernazza
<Content>Nice Hotel               More photos  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>texantasha
<Content>Just OK You don't seem to get a lot of 'hotel' for your money in San Juan, so based on that fact this hotel is OK for a one-night stay. We stayed here the night prior to our cruise - it was just a 5 minute ride to the port - very handy but it still cost $17 based on the taxi fare zones.The room was adequate, not somewhere though that I would wish to spend a long period of time in. Get a room as far away from the elevator if possible, unless you like to hear the sound of it riding up and down all night long! A big plus is the great French restaurant in the hotel - very nice food and superb service, not too rushed and not too slow either - just right. Many people eat late in Puerto Rico, so don't be surprised if you have to wait for a table at 9.30 p.m. if you're travelling during a busy period book a table in advance. I wouldn't opt to stay here again, rather I would go to the Sheraton or one of the hotels in Old San Juan, but overall it did the job of providing a safe, clean hotel room for the night.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>FabioFreitas-Brazil
<Content>Very Nice Hotel We stayed at Coutyard Isla Verde for 2 and a half days (17 to 19/ Feb). We had a great time. Very nice, kind and helpfull staff. We had nice beach bar service and Axel was our barman.The beach is nice, but not as beatifull as other beaches in the Caribbean area. The weather was great, what made our stay very pleasure!The room is very clean and comfortable. The bathroom is ok.Nice breakfast, but it麓s extra.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Michael from Vienna
<Content>Very nice hotel, helpful staff We stayed in the Courtyard Miramamr for one night before we went on a cruise.Taxi shuttle from the airport was about 10 minutes and was 20 Dollars for the 4 of us.Appearance of the lobby was very nice, staff efficient and helpful.We booked non-smoking rooms with two double beds, they were correctly provided. Rooms were completely clean. They skipped minibars, but you can go to a little room next to lobby and get everything you need, they charge it right to your room.Location was very nice, right in a green neighbourhood, we had a little walk the next moning, nothing special to see but in 2 minutes you are at a Jogging patg next to the water.The pool is not big but nice to have a morning swim. Continental breakfast is included in the small, french restaurant, very basis but if you pay extra you get everything you want.Summarizing: This hotek was perfect for a pre-cruise stay. If you take in mind that this is a Courtyard, not a Marriott and this is a city hotel - not a beach resort - designed for short stays - you will be perfectly satisfied.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>rotharch
<Content>Okay - not great, just okay We stayed at hotel for three nights before our cruise. It is in a residential/commercial neighborhood, not at all suitable for walking. Bus to Old San Juan, the art museum and Isla Verde was very close. Cabs were plentiful. Grocery about a half block away. There are 2 restaurants in the hotel, one purported to be among the best in San Juan; based on the prices, it could have been, but we didn't eat there. We did eat breakfast at the french restuarant - it was okay, but menu selections were limited. This hotel was previously known as the Excelsior - two cab drivers didn't know it had changed to a Marriott. The pool is very small and perpetually in the shade - we didn't see anyone use it in the three days we were there. Rooms are quite small, among the smallest we've ever experienced in the Marriott chain. Staff was pleasant, friendly, helpful. Elevator stopped working for a day - stuff happens! Booked it because of moderate cost but we would not stay there again - rooms too small, location too far away from tourist activities.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	1	4	4	4	4	

<Author>CesarRules
<Content>Clean Hotel, Good Location We stayed at the Courtyard Marriott at Miramar in San Juan Jan 19-22 2007. If you are only looking for a place to sleep and shower, I highly recommend this hotel. The rooms were very clean, the beds were surprisingly comfortable, and the hotel was only a short bus ride from Old San Juan. We had no problems with the service. The people at the front desk were always friendly and helpful. We kept busy with excursions and trips to Old San Juan, so we didn't spend much time at the hotel.The first night there, we arrived late and asked where we could have dinner, and they recommend the Los Pinos Cafe, which is just down the street (exit the hotel and turn right), and open 24 hours. The food was very good, but the service was horrible. When they found out we didn't speak Spanish, they were very rude. It took them 45 minutes to bring us our drinks, and an hour to bring us our food. When we asked for the check, the waitress went to the bar and started talking to her co-workers. We finally got up and walked over to her and told her that we are ready to pay. If you are looking to go to Old San Juan, there is a bus stop just down the street. You can either take the A1 ($0.50 per person, quarters only, comes every 5-10 minutes), or the M5 ($0.75 per person, we never took this line) Just take the bus to the end of the line, the bus depot, which is right outside of Old San Juan. When we were there, there was a festival of San Sebastian going on, which was an artists festival during the day, and a drunken revelry at night. Traffic to and from Old San Juan was awful from 10 pm to 11 pm because of the festival. There were police at every corner, though, so we felt safe walking around both during the day and at night. We walked all around Old San Juan, visited the Fort, it was really neat.We also did two excursions while we were there: We kayaked the bioluminescent bay (through shoretrips.com), which was one of the coolest things we had ever seen. We also took an all day snorkeling trip on board a catamaran. The trip was fun, but the snorkeling wasn't that great.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>marlong
<Content>Great Place We stayed 1 night before our cruise. Very clean, affordable and comfortable. Friendly front desk personnel. She recommeded the Cafe Puerto Rico for dinner. The food was excellent. Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveler69
<Content>Courtyard Capers We stayed here on Saturday prior to our cruise on Adventure of the Seas. We are Marriott Rewards members and converted points for a free stay. Although the hotel is not close to either the beach or Old San Juan, it is directly on the A5 busline. The fare is 75 cents in either direction (exact change please). Old San Juan is about a 15 minute trip and the beaches of Isla Verde are about 25 minutes away. The hotel was spotless, the staff was freindly and accomodating, and it is relatively inexpensive compared to other hotels in it's class (3 stars). The rooms are small to average-sized. Marriot's new bedding is ultra luxurious.There is a small outdoor pool and there are two restaurants in the hotel as well. There is a grocery store just down the street with a very good selection of wine. We picked up a few bottles to take on board our cruise ship. There are a few fast-food-type place nearby (Subway, Taco shop) but we prefer to take the bus out to our favorite restaurant in Isla Verde, the Metropol. Just ask the bus driver and he will let you know when to get off. The bus stop is right in front of the restaurant. They serve Cuban, Puerto Rican, and Caribbean cuisine. Prices are very reasonable and it's a family-friendly place. On Sunday morning we took the bus into Old San Juan for breakfast at La Bombonera. They serve the best fresh-squeezed OJ in San Juan and the Mallorcas (light , donut-like pastries) are to die for. After we returned to the hotel and changed we headed down to the lobby. There were plenty of taxis available when we left for the port (11:00 am) so no worrys there. We would definitely stay here again as the price and location on the bus line make this an ideal choice for us.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>drumie711
<Content>Would Not Stay Again   showReview(6348517, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>femavacation
<Content>Nice Get Away!   showReview(6233160, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>SWAUSHORN
<Content>Good Value Near Old San Juan   showReview(5707709, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Such a Mistake   showReview(5469793, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>mydiamondisforever
<Content>Very nice place to stay.   showReview(5457332, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>newbiemn
<Content>Great place to stay   showReview(4967489, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(4964597, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bellesie
<Content>Not quite up to Marriott Standards       Bed  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay in San Juan!!!   showReview(4942015, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>backpakgal
<Content>Not bad for a quick getaway   showReview(4498678, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

