<Author>Willywill
<Content>We felt like Royalty at The Grand We went to the Grand in Amsterdam to escape Christmas domesticity and we were not disappointed. I've been in some cracking hotels through my work but I dont think that I've been to a better one than this. The check in was speedy and the room lovely. Such a central location and we hardly noticed the close proximaty to the red light district. The Hotel just ouzed quality. We ( two adults and a ten year old) sat down for a Christmas Eve Dinner consisting of 6 courses together with wine and a jazz singer. The Hotel has a Michelin star so I was expecting a lot - and we got it! The wine was of such a high standard we were purring! My step son enjoyed the computer room which had 4 PCs and free, 24 hour internet access. Also, the staff deserve a lot of credit as my wife was ill on the morning of our departure. We had a bedroom for a few extra hours which meant she could sleep. A great touch. Yes, the trip was expensive but it was SOOOO good !  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BTSHK
<Content>A great stay at the historic hotel We stayed at Sofitel The Grand Amsterdam for 2 nights in early Dec 2008. We took a Connexxion hotel shuttle from the Schiphol airport, and the trip took about 25-30 minutes (with a few other hotel drop-offs). When we tried to check-in at Sofitel, we were told that our booking was not available. We then figured that we were at the wrong hotel (i.e. Sofitel but not Sofitel The Grand)! Fortunately the Connexxion driver was still outside the hotel, and he gave us a ride to the right place. So make sure you communicate the correct hotel name to your driver if you're going to stay there. The hotel itself was a historic and magnificent site. We stayed in a Sofitel suite with courtyard view. The room was huge with a large bed and lounge area, a separate room with closets and a working desk, and a bathroom. The decor and furniture looked a bit old-fashioned at first (e.g. colorful / patterned draperies, tapestry sofa, oak table, etc.), but we actually quite liked them after a while as the ambience was cozy and very different from other contemporary / modern hotels we had previously stayed in. The most important thing was we felt comfortable in the suite.The courtyard (from our window) was nice - would be relaxing to have a walk around there. However, as the weather was rather cold and rainy, we did not spend time out there during our stay.The hotel offered turn-down service in the early evening. Some people might not like it but we were fine and appreciated it. We also enjoyed a complimentary welcome drink at the restaurant. Hotel staff were friendly and helpful. We bought our tickets to the Van Gogh Museum at the reception / concierge (to avoid line-up at the museum). A hotel staff also recommended a great Indonesian restaurant to us (can't remember the name now...but I did take one of their cards). To sum it up, we were happy with our stay and would certainly go back next time we're in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>LastMinuteDecision
<Content>We had a nice time at Sofitel Amsterdam. We stayed at this hotel through 'a friend of a friend'. As such, I don't have anything bad to say. Our stay was free, and all our needs were met. ...Couldn't ask for more, really.Our room was nice enough, albeit a bit on the small side for my liking. We only stayed one night (which is not uncommon for us, especially since we usually only go to Holland for the weekend), but staff was sure to check that our needs were met at all times.I would definitely stay there again...even if it meant paying. ;-) In fact, I look forward to it!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SixtyDays
<Content>Old-fashioned rooms Stayed here for 2 nights whilst on business. The hotel itself is well located in central Amsterdam though make sure you know how to find it if walking there. The building is impressive and the public space in the lobby is beautiful and what I was hoping the rest of the hotel would look like as well.However, the corridors and rooms were old-fashioned and quite chintzy which was a real disappointed as I was hoping for modern design in an old-fashioned building (similar to the Sofitel Bayerpost in Munich which is a fantastic hotel). I am an A-Club Platinum member so not sure whether I was upgraded, but my room was of a decent size, although the bathroom was not much bigger than a normal hotel room. The room service menu was expensive as expected and the food was ok, but nothing exceptional. Overall, for the price of more than EUR250 per night I was a bit disappointed and had expected more.Don't get me wrong, the hotel is definitely a 5-star hotel with good service, but it is need of a refresh which the renovation program is meant to achieve. Until that is completed I am more likely to stay in another hotel. If you enjoy old-fashioned classic hotel room designs you will enjoy the Grand, but for more contemporary design, I would suggest you look elsewhere.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	5	-1	

<Author>Adelaide408
<Content>There on Business - Great Staff! I just got back from a few days at The Grand and overall it was quite nice... I was there for a conference that my company planned and threw and the on-site staff was excellent. The meeting room was quite nice with a Nespresso machine, a retractable screen and natural light! (most conference rooms are always dark and dreary.) The actual hotel room was average, though. For 315 euro a night, i was hoping for something a little bit nicer. The bed was incredibly comfortable, but it was two twin mattresses pushed together... I was there by myself, so it was fine... I would have been annoyed if my husband and I were there together and we had a crack between us! The floors in the guest rooms are heated - which is a nice perk on a rainy day in Amsterdam. Also, the rooms are slightly larger than many European hotel rooms.The internet was insanely expensive to get in your room, so avoid that if you can. The food at the hotel was delicious - I ate at the restaurant for lunch, had room service for dinner one night and had lunch during the conference. The breakfast was included in the room rate but was essentially limited to fruit and pastries. Overall I would certainly recommend this hotel. The location is fantastic and the staff was excellent.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Becky25canada
<Content>Simply Wonderful I have just returned from Sofitel Grand Amsterdam. The hotel is magnificent , it is also a historic Land mark, just beautiful. Service is excellent and the staff very helpful. Very quite atmosphere, very luxurious, I cannot wait get back to the peace and tranquility of the hotel  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>noj64
<Content>Very good hotel with scharm I stayed here for 3 days with my wife. The hotel is very good and the atmosphere is very nice. Very good service from the staff. Please don't do any rehabilitations in the bar area. That area is very good. I did not like the new rooms. To modern. The bed was VERY good. After a long day walk it was very nice to relax in the garden with one Duvel beer and a glas of wine.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>IanrJones10
<Content>Nice Hotel Stayed for 2 nights. This was our first time at the hotel and we were pleasantly surprised. We hadn't seen the pre-remodel lobby area and rooms so to us the hotel seemed bright and fresh. The bar area is traditional it it would be a great shame if the hotel plans to remodel this. We had a refurbished room on the top floor. Our only comment would be that the designers have dressed the room with one table and short sofa too many. Without those two pieces of furniture at the end of the bed the room would appear almost spacious. With those 2 pieces of furniture the room appeared a little cluttered.We had dinner at the hotel and the food was great. The advantage of a hotel like the Grand is that it is in the centre of Amsterdam but removed from the hustle and bustle. We would certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Simon1944
<Content>Modern Refurb Spoils Classic Hotel + Loyalty Disregarded Until this year, this was my all time favourite hotel. The size, the housekeeping and the concierge service were excellent and remain so - but alas the style is changing. The public areas and the rooms were warm, comfortable, and relaxing in a traditional European style - but all this is going. On entering you can see that the classic lobby desk has been replaced with two internally illuminated marble plinths over which a tacky modern chandelier has been hung. The lobby now looks like the entrance to overpriced Middle Eastern disco. I am a Sofitel Privelege member entitled to an upgrade, if available. On check in I was allocated what I later learned to be one of the worst rooms in the hotel. Not only did a quarter of the room appear to have been taken out to create space for another room but the room has been refurbished in garish clashing colours - not in the least relaxing or comfortable on the eye. I was able to change to an unrefurbished room which was better in every way - but by my next visit to Amsterdam in Sept 2009 these will have all gone. During my visit I asked to see another refurbished room and my initial impressions were confirmed - not a place to stay after a hard day's business.Clearly some Sofitel Paris HQ based brand manager is trying to make their mark irrespective of local tradition. Even the superb Roger  Gallet toiletries have been replaced with the less impressive Hermes brand.On check out - despite being responsible annually for three bookings and about 4,500 euros of business, I was told not even my own booking counted for Sofitel Privelege points because the booking was made through an agency. I spoke to and Assistant Manager who said he would talk to the General Manager and get back to me. Some days later he left an unsatisfactory message with my office but has failed to communicate by email. (This report is copied to him to give Sofitel the opportunity to respond via this site). Finally - salt in the wound! Last week via email I was offered Gold Status membership of the new Accor loyalty programme which replaces the Sofitel programme. Despite following the instructions it was impossible to obtain Gold Status or transfer my Sofitel points - and none of my emails to Accor have been answered.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	2	5	3	

<Author>ArtemisLA
<Content>One rude experience ruined it for me..... I stayed here just this week and had a great time, but a very creepy manager ruined my whole impression of the place on the very last day. Amazing modern-meets-old furniture and fresh flowers in the lobby of this old former convent and state house, beautiful terrace, friendly and efficient staff, butter soft beds, and a REALLY great staff and fabulous breakfast buffet -- but if you're under 40 and wear jeans while you're on vacation, expect to get the pat down by hotel security if you dare to use the business center. I guess he thought I strolled in from the pot cafe next door. In sum, one rude experience ruined it for me. Sometimes people forget they are in the hospitality industry. A shame.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>2	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>reginlagaac
<Content>Amazing Place to stay - Regin Lagaac Cambridge University An excellent place to stay, very tasty buffet breakfast, hospital staff, nearby the Amsterdam Landmark, clean and safe. My overall rating is excellent. Above all, it's 2 minutes walk from the red light district.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>sxa93
<Content>Excellent choice Sofitel is most certainly a royal venue at Amsterdam. My wife and I were booked in a suite, and we were very impressed with the front office staff who welcomed us with a cheerful friendliness that made us feel we were meeting old friends.The suite was excellent. A Bose wave sound system was a part of the furniture, and perhaps that made me fall in love with the hotel all over. The view from the room was one of the canal.The hotel's location lends itself to easy walks downtown. The museums are close by, as are the pubs and the night clubs. The infamous red light district is also a stone's throw fronm this hotel.I would consider this the best place to tour Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>heatherjbelle
<Content>Grand Style       Internal courtyard @ sofitel  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dixie12345
<Content>WORTH EVERY PENNY OF THE $600/NIGHT WE PAID!!!! LOVED IT Large, luxurious rooms in a exellent location. It was worth every penny we paid for it. I highly recommend it to anyone!  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>locarnelo
<Content>The Grand Is a Grand Hotel Stayed at The Grand for two nights, for the third time, and this truely is my favorite hotel. We've enjoyed the welcome, the room, and the beautiful property but above all we loved the polite and polished staff, check in unfortunately took a bit long...There are a few dislikes such as the small fitnessroom, the decor of the room and the lack of treatments available. After a long day out and about in the city it would have been nice if they had a masseur in house....We've also had dinner in the magical inner garden, which wasnt cheap but worth the euros! Great wine waiters and true Star service. The breakfast was included in our roomrate and is priced at 28 euros, quite steep but a very eleborate spread, part buffet and part a la carte but all included in the price.Inside tip: we ordered room service breakfast on the first morning and they dont charge a surcharge for that which we found very elegant.We will certainly return to enjoy another weekend of luxury!  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>traveldutchie
<Content>Great hotel with friendly staff Stayed at The Grand for the second time and the hotel has always surpassed my expectations. Loved the attentive housekeeping who met all the five star standards (turn down/refresh of fruit/water/etc.) Room service was very quick and of good quality....But we loved dinner and breakfast in the hotels restaurant, really upscale! We found the a la carte breakfast a great experience and felt really spoiled with the Italian espressos and pancakes. Room was a bit outdated but nice, well maintained and very clean.Overall a great experience and we will certainly return.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tedandtre
<Content>Great location I was there with my wife for 3 days for a business meeting. Our room was above average. We were on the first floor next to the canal but the noise was acceptable. We ate in the dining room for breakfast and had catered lunches for our meetings, all of which were good. I liked the location which was certrally located. The internal garden next to and serviced by the bar was epically nice.I thought the staff was uniformaly friendly and attentive.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>emiana
<Content>Excellent hotel Admittedly, I only spent one night at the Grand, although I was supposed to be there for three, but I had an excellent experience. The room was very large, comfortable and quiet. The only thing I could hear was the water trickle from the fountain in the courtyard that the room overlooked. The bathroom was spotless and huge. There was also plenty of closet space. The service was very good. When I had to cut short my trip on the second day (and well into the day), the hotel was gracious enough to only charge the day rate rather than the full day. The only draw back is that their gym is very tiny, with one treadmill, two step machines and one universal weights machine. Not terribly impressive. The pool/sauna/spa area looked nice though, but I didn't have time to use it. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mgreene
<Content>Excellent tourist location We stayed at the Grand Amsterdam for a combination of business and leisure travel. My husband was traveling for business (making the cost of the hotel less of an issue), while I went sight-seeing. We were generally very happy with the Grand Amsterdam. The room was adequate in size, and nicely appointed. The bed was very comfortable. The bathrooms are well appointed, with nice toiletries and a good shower. I did wish for a double-sink, but those seem to be less common outside the U.S. (I'm not sure who thought up the rectangular toilet seat - very cute, but doesn't fit the round shape of the object sitting on it). We ate at the restaurant and found it very good, if pricey. We also used the gym - it has only three pieces of cardio equipment and one weight machine, but they were all in good condition. We used the pool and sauna - nice options after a day of touring. The hotel is very well located. We don't mind a little walking and only used a cab to take us to the train station when we left. There of lots of shops, restuarants, and attractions very nearby, and the Anne Frank House and Van Gogh Museum are an easy 20 minute walk. One note if you are traveling soon - ask about the ongoing construction or plan to be up by 8:00 a.m. sharp - the pounding on the building is noticable.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>floober
<Content>good hotel undergoing needed renovations this is a nice hotel which is going through a much needed renovation project. the bar has been closed and an obviously temporary one has been set up, though for a temporary bar it is very nice with good service. the room i was in was a good size and very clean though does need updating as it was a touch 80's esque. all the staff i encountered were very friendly and helpful when called upon.the spa is minimal but the pool is big enough so long as you dont have to share it with anyone else.in summary this is a hotel i have stayed at twice now and i feel i have experienced all that it has to offer, in saying that, i would not stay here again as i feel that twice is enough and i would like to experience other hotels in amsterdam but i would recommend it as it is a good hotel.oh...it is also in a great location just on the edge of the redlight district ,you feel, as indeed you are, bang in the middle of things.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>leemondsamui
<Content>Dreadful experience at the Grand This has to be without doubt the worst experience I have every had at a 4 or 5 star hotel ( I would have been upset at a 3 star rating for this place).On arrival our room was not ready. Once we were introduced to our room it looked tired and dim with 2 twin beds (requested double/ king). The first night I was called by the reception at 2am because of a problem with my credit card (transpires operator error at the reception). Having travelled extensively around the world the 5 star rating is simply a joke! It seems it is some corrupt method of extracting more money from the unsuspecting public. I imagine their return occupancy rates to be me minimal if not non existent.I would wish you luck with this place but you would need more than look to enjoy this place!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>CBR11
<Content>Fantastic hotel Just returned from what was an excellent stay at The Grand.My wife and I and another couple stayed for 2 nights and had a great time.We arrived from a really early flight at about 10 am and didn't really expect to get checked in before 3pm.We got checked in by around 11am but what we really appreciated was that they upgraded us both to a Junior Suite, beautiful high ceilings , fantastically comfortable beds and good bathrooms.I had emailed the conscierge a week earlier to book a restaurant and had 'mentioned' that both parties were there to celebrate a birthday so perhaps that helped in the upgrade.The hotel is a beautiful old building with alot of history and the location is second to none being just around the corner from the RLD, 2 minutes walk from Dam Square and even next door to The Greenhouse Coffee Shop(for those of you who require a herbal pick me up).We used a taxi to get to The Van Gogh Museum and Rijks museum ( both superb) and there seemed to be a Mercedes taxi on tap in the hotel courtyard at all times which was great .. The service in the hotel was top notch and the breakfast buffet was one of the best I have had(champagne and all).Another nice feature of the hotel was being able to go for a sauna and swim after a hard days sightseeing,( I think it is one of the very few hotels in Amsterdam to have these facilities).To sum up The Grand,a Top quality hotel,Great location , Impeccable service and a perfect place to spoil yourself for a few days in what is a beautiful city.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cinnamon66
<Content>Hit n Miss I loved the look of the place so we took the plunge and booked our lovely new year getaway. On arriving at the hotel, we had a lovely welcome and we taken to the most lovely room (108) over looking the canal. It was really high spec and I was blown away. Unfortunately, after about half an hour after settling in we were visited by who I assume was the duty manager. He told us we had to move as things in the room were not working properly and then that there was a mix up with the room. Perplexed but a little tired we were taken to our new room. It reminded me of a travel lodge room but with 12ft high windows and no tea facilities.The room was dated, tatty but clean and well in need of a refurb. After being moved from 108 we felt a little judged.Staff barring those on reception were lovely, friendly and normal. There were some nice touches such as the evening service with little chocolates and turning down of the beds.And oh, the beds, they were the best part of the stay. Really comfy with fresh egyptian cotton bedding (pillows too big though!) The place stunk of fish on the Tuesday and we could constantly hear the clattering in the kitchen.I would stay at this place if you had more money than sense as it may look really grand but is not quite what it makes its self out to be. Rooms definately not high standard. Must try harder.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	4	2	5	4	

<Author>happycamperNewYork
<Content>Mixed feelings In many ways this is a lovely hotel in a great location but they do enough things wrong to mar your stay. Be wary of the front desk staff. They will either treat you with respect or contempt but you never know which it will be. The rooms are dated; the wall paper was peeling in mine and carpet had pulled away from the wall in many places. But the rooms are large (for Europe) and the bathroom was spotless. The pool and locker room were also clean and bright but if you book a massage you must pay in cash. Be prepared to sleep with earplugs. There is no other way to put it. The noise level is bad.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	1	5	4	

<Author>juliansorl
<Content>Dutch treat Our third time at this hotel, and the place is still revealing itself. We were upgraded to a jr suite on the OLD courtyard. The court wasnt very noisy since the windows were double glass, but the courtyard's lights at night could be a problem unless you draw the curtains which the evening maid will do for you. The room was nice size with high ceilings probably equal to a normal hotel room here in the states but with very nice understated old dutch modern furniture and deep ruby carpets, obviously the place needs an update but it was still very posh compared to other amsterdam hotels, and the services are very good. I love the room service kitchen, breakfast, lunch, and dinner were all truly wonderful and their coffee was so good. I love how convenient it is the rest of city; it is literally in the middle of this circular city. I had some clothes cleaned over night since I missed the early morning pickup, and I thought they would be automatically delivered when done, but I had to ask for them, and I had them in ten minutes, so the place isnt' perfect. However, they are thoughtful in other ways, like on thanksgiving they surprised us with a dessert tray of punkin pies, and thinking my friend and I were business travelers, they rearranged our room and divided the king into two twins . I love the amstel too but the grand is special as well in it's own slightly more casual and user friendly way. The dollar does not go far in europe but i still found the hotel an overall fairvalue, but hope that things get better for our dollar so I can soon return to the grand again.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MZ-TarvelGuy
<Content>Nice but NOISE ! Stayed on business Nov 12-15 2007.Overall in a good location, very nice hotel, good service, bar, etc.Room was clean but very dated and a bit worn, but not too bad.The hotel is RIGHT on a canal and there was VERY noisey contruction all day long immediately out the window.Would not stay there again if there were construction.Otherwise ok. Daily rate was between 300  350 euro per night.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lpmch
<Content>Very comfortable Checked in at very short notice for one night via the tourist office - which was originally all that was available. The staff was very helpful in arranging for us to extend to three nights. The rooms are very pleasant ,comfortable and clean with enough of a feeling of luxury to make you feel good about the place. Great location for the town centre but from our room no view at all.Breakfast was good and as plentiful as you want- if a little erratic in the organisation. Hotel and Bar staff very pleasant. A few hiccoughs in that they ended up taking several hundred Euro too much credit card authorisation over and above the room costs even if you accept that they should hold authorisation in case of extras. The receptionist soon found the mistake when it was pointed out, and it was put right after checkout. They were also very good in rectifying the misunderstanding over whether or not breakfast was included for the extended two nights. The building itself is internally beautiful and historic. Unfortunately my wife was put off using the bar facilities after we saw several mice. We were told, with profuse apologies, that this was an ongoing problem during nearby canal restoration works.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	3	4	4	4	5	

<Author>dygoje
<Content>Excellent Excellent hotel, very comfortable, they made a mistake with our booking so we got a free room upgrade and some booze - can't be bad!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rivieramayaguy
<Content>Great Location, Nice Hotel We stayed at The Grand for 3 nights 02-05 August 2007. This hotel is in a terrific location, easy to reach the Dam Square, Central Station, etc. We did not experience any noise problems mentioned by others. Entering via the lovely entrance courtyard we felt somewhat removed from all of the crowds of people. Our room looked out on the canal but we were not affected by people walking by. Room was in good shape, not excellent, but certainly what you would expect from a 4 star hotel. Our only disappointment was the concierge staff. We felt they were indifferent to our rather simple (restaurants, sightseeing) requests. Other than that, we'd certainly return. We have previously stayed at the Amstel but liked the location of The Grand much better.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>DKat
<Content>Great Hotel--loved the history My husband and I decided to stay here after an exhaustive search of the hotels in AMS. I ended up getting a great deal on the hotel website--295 Euros for a junior suite with breakfast included. The room was very large and overlooked the canal. The location in great--centrally located and easy to get to everything (although AMS is really not that big compared to London, etc...) . Location is very near red light district and there are some rather loud bars just down the street from the hotel. However, even with out room facing out toward the street, I really didn't hear them. The courtyard of the hotel was another plus--quiet and beautful. I also loved the historic backgroud of the hotel and enjoyed exploring some of the older meeting rooms. All in all--a great stay at the Grand!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Ski_Luv
<Content>Best Location, Loved the Pool Stayed 4 nights for our 10th anniv. For a first time visit to Amsterdam, we couldn't suggest a better place. Especially if you're still recovering from the flight from the states, I hit the spa twice a day for help with that. Our room was lovely, all the sites are in easy walking distance. Our only mistake was not discovering the Grand's own bar until the last night. We thought it looked expensive, but was actually quite reasonable and just as cozy. If you like red wine, give the house red a try. If you have an early departure, give yourself lots of time for grabbing a taxi downstairs. It gets competitive.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mikelibra
<Content>With a good room it works. This would be my choice for Amsterdam having stayed in most of the major hotels in this city over some 30 years. I must admit that I have yet to find a really good 5 star in this city. But it has a good location close to the Dam and about a 10 minute walk to the Central Station but it is a very, very touristy area. It needs, as of June 2007, some serious renovations in the rooms as they are slightly tired and could use an upgrade given it鈥檚 rating. Many different room type configurations, some better than others,so look at the room first. On the whole housekeeping is good as is room service, the Dutch breakfast in particular. On property restaurant is expensive and so so, nothing special, but there are any number of good eating establishments in the area, with my preference being for Indonesian.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mystar
<Content>Should be better We just returned from a week at the Grand Amsterdam. To be frank, it just was not as nice as I thought it would be after reading so many rave reviews, both at this site and other reputable guide books. The good: The quiet courtyard is very pretty and we found the central location of the hotel to be a real asset. The restaurant, Cafe Roux, was delicious the one dinner we had there. The staff were courteous and helpful, and there's a nice charm in the lobby. The not-so-good: The first room we were given had an awful musty smell, and since I'm allergic to different kinds of scents we immediately asked for another, which they quickly facilitated. We were given 2 choices, one was another story higher but same room, small and old worn wallpaper, curtains and bedspreads, overlooking the canal. Nice big bathroom. We chose the other one, which was 1 story lower but had these huge windows overlooking the lovely courtyard. That was the best thing about the room. I guess my chief complaint was the outdated furnishings--the yellowed seams on the wallpaper were really surprising given what we were charged per night., and the curtains and bedspread were just old. (not charming.)One morning and later in the evening, it smelled so badly in the bathroom. We couldn't find the source, but it was nasty. We did call to have it looked at, then left, and when we returned the smell was gone, so I don't know if they did anything but I was grateful for the neutral odors. There is turn-down service and other niceties that you would expect with a luxury hotel, such as robes and slippers. To wrap it up, the atmosphere is lovely, the old-world charm of the lobby and really the hotel itself is a nice change from modern steel and glass. But to be rated 5 stars, it really has to do a better job of updating its rooms.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lxrytraveler
<Content>Great Experience at the Grand My wife and I just returned from a 3-night stay at the Grand for our one-year wedding anniversary. Our experience was perfect. We checked in at 8:00am and not only did they have a room for us, they upgraded us for free. Both the front desk people and the concierges were very friendly and helpful with reservations, arrangements, etc. I don't think it was a 5-star hotel in the same way some are, maybe very very high 4-star but we did not have any complaints. Also, while we were there, there were several celebrities staying there at the same time and we never felt like they were favored to our detriment.I want to also commend Udo who was an evening concierge for all of his help and great recommendations.We would definitely return.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JOCK65
<Content>The Grand Amsterdam Just back from a weekend at the The Grand with two other couples, the hotel itself is on a great site and very central. The rating is five star but is probably more like a very high four as some of the place is in need of a spruce up (its not in bad nick just not five star) however the staff more than made up for any slight shortfall with great service and lots of handy tips. The Sunday bruch is also a good way to come round after a heavy night with a great varied buffet and hair of the dog included in the price. If you have a Sofitel loyalty card the room upgrades a well worth it. We would go back again.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Msp07
<Content>Average - not worth the Euros Pros: good location, impressive courtyard, courtious reception deskCons: Concierge (both I dealt with) very rude and not at all helpful, rooms very dated in need of updating, Not worth the cost. I would stay around the corner at the Radisson SAS Hotel - much better experience overall.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	4	2	3	

<Author>theresama40
<Content>Comfort with excellent service We spent four nights at the Grand over Easter weekend.Room: Our junior suite was very spacious with large windows overlooking the canal. The room was extremely comfortable: great bed, spacious and well appointed bath. If only the decor was a little less bland: blond wood, glass tables, and print fabrics reminded me more of a suburban chain hotel than of a historic property in a fascinating city. (As an aside, why aren't there more affordable boutique design hotels in Amsterdam?)Public spaces: The public spaces were much more interesting than our room. Make sure to take a peek at the gorgeous conference rooms. The pool was nice to retreat to at the end of a busy day sightseeing, even if it did seem more like an oversized bathtub. The fitness room was much less attractive, located in a tiny hallway on the way to the pool. The restaurant where we had breakfast was lovely, but the staff seemed overwhelmed at breakfast time.Service: Excellent! The staff couldn't have been nicer or more helpful. They made everything easy, from finding a restaurant when we arrived late to renting bicycles.Location: Very centrally located. And the proximity of the red light district really isn't an issue -- we were able to avoid it completely, without any trouble.Overall, a very comfortable hotel in a great location with a wonderful staff. If it only had a little more sense of style. . .  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>itchyfeet54
<Content>Grand Hotel! We stayed in The Grand for 2 nights over Easter. The rooms were lovely, perhaps a little small but it certainly wasn't a problem.We had 2 rooms, one overlooked the lovely garden in the central courtyard, the other looked out to a small side street. As the person who had organised everything I was a bit miffed it was our room that had the non-view!Bed was super-comfortable, Quality toiletries in the bathroom. Lots of towels and 2 big bath robes.Pool was very small, but steam room and sauna were welcome.Cocktails in the bar were great, the chocatini comes highly recommended!We had the Sunday Brunch the day we checked out. Well worth the money, it was an impressive spread.One problem I had was that the Hotel had mistakenly taken 500 euro's from my credit card then paid it back.Of course this resulted in less pounds going back in due to the difference in buy/sell currency rates. I raised this issue with the hotel on check out and asked that the bill be adjusted accordingly. It took quite a while for the matter to be resolved but to give the hotel credit they did refund me the difference.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>dagnyfreckles
<Content>Great stay and very convienent We got this hotel at a last minute bargain, and I am glad we did. The room, although small (but not smaller than normal European hotel rooms), was very comfortable. The king-size bed was fantastic and I always enjoy a place that gives you a robe with the towels. Very convienent, right next to Dam Square and walkable from the Train Station. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>2ndStreet
<Content>Great service, great location          View from my room.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>johngates
<Content>nice place awfull staff!!! The welcom was very nice but the congierge looks like he just came from a funeral.the reception was very helpfull and kind but bit forced smile.Guest relation welcome use by using our name whats gives us a warm welcom. the rooms were oke the bed was great. the bathroom was dirty somebody had use the toilet so we let i clean and that was done by a lady how told us thats is wasnt the first time. she was very great and kind en helpfull.We went out into amsterdam by help of the reception the advised us good.The breakfast next day was afwull the host was very arrogant he ask 3 times our name and room number.the food was good but the service was bad our cofee took very long and the ask us voor 4 times for juice.the buffet was almost emty but the man how was in charge run himself dead because off the staff didnt know what there were doing. this was on a thursday morning its was nog very busy but because of the helpless staf the manager was running like hell.we feld very sorry for him.the check out went very warm and nice this was doing by a dutch guy how was acting normal en smiles when is was needed he's name was something with joost of jose he was very kind and helpfull and we will came an other time but without a breakfast. we can do that better by our selfs.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	5	2	4	1	5	

<Author>molliemoo
<Content>Fabulous Weekend at The Grand This is the second time I have stayed at The Grand, the first being approximately five years ago. I chose it this time because I have tried other hotels since and they have not come close in matching the standards of this hotel.This trip was from Friday till Sunday and was a birthday present to my StepMum for her 50th birthday. They have never been to Amsterdam before and I wanted it to be memorable for her.We arrived at lunchtime and felt special as soon as we entered the extremely elegant courtyard. The doorstaff welcomed us and we entered the beautifully maintained lobby area. My parents were very impressed. I love the fabrics and choices of furniture in this area and how it blends so perfectly through into the lounge bar. The reception staff welcomed us with very friendly faces and manners and told us they had upgraded us to a deluxe room. As only one room was ready we decided to have a quick look at the room and go out exploring this beautiful city.The room was perfect. Huge and square and with very high ceilings it made the room feel even bigger. We had a huge bed with feather pillows and quilt that was a dream to sleep in. The bathroom was spotless with everything you needed and perfect white towels. The shower is one of the most powerful showers I have ever had the pleasure of using. Our room had a view of the canal which was truly beautiful whilst my parents room had a view of the inner courtyard which again was beautiful.The staff in the hotel are obviuosly trained to a high standard and it shows on every single level. They are courteous, helpful, professional and extremely friendly without being intrusive. They are also courteous to each other. Nothing was too much trouble for them and never once did I hear the word 'no', it was always 'of course'.The concierge team that they have are very knowledgeable and helped us hugely with many different things all of which was done with what seemed to be no effort or bother at all.The Hotel itself is steeped in history and is maintained and restored to a very high standard. The public areas are spotless and very tasteful and elegant. The lounge bar is a pleasure to be in. They also have a business room where you can use the computers and the internet if needed.Once you retire to your room it is quiet and very comfortable and after many miles of walking, the bed is a welcome retreat.I can now honestly say after staying in two other hotels I will only ever return to this one, this is truly my favourite place and I can be one really fussy traveller. I recommend this hotel and it is a rareity in that it is truly deserving of it's star rating.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bigbird01
<Content>Good hotel, great location Location: Great!!! You are right in the center of Amsterdam, very close to red light district but set in a very secluded and quiet courtyard.Food: We only had room service while staying but food was very good.Service: The attitute of the staff was very helpful and efficient. The concierge was useful and helped out with museum tickets.Room: Managed to get upgraded from Deluxe room to Appartment. Room was large and clean. The decor was a bit dated but overall ok. The bed was great, very comfortable. Overall: Service was fast and efficient, Food was good and location was great. I would happily stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Tuff
<Content>My Favorite Hotel in Amsterdam : The Grand Sofitel If we are talking about the Grand Sofitel it is my all time favorite European Hotel...Location, service and overall experience top notch. Udo the concierge the best in the business...A MUST stay in Amsterdam. Rooms not cheap (But within reason) but well worth it...Promise  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lamerazure
<Content>Perfectly Pretentious       Room  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>topsmed
<Content>Very dated The location is very central and the building (a former city hall) has a lot of potential. The rooms are terribly dated (the bathroom is just fine, typical Sofitel, but small: no separate shower). The spa is small, dark and very hot. The food at Caf茅 Roux is good but not outstanding. Breakfast is a decent buffet with average service and little attention to detail (e.g. wilted flowers in chipped vases on the tables). Given the rates they charge, the place should be completely renovated (which they plan to do).  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	5	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>tyrellco
<Content>The Grand is Grand! Stayed for 4-days in Feb. The hotel was great. We were quite happy with everything.We would definetly stay again as the service and location were great.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alanreynolds
<Content>Grand hotel which lives upto its name       Hotel entrance  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tarzanldy
<Content>Old World Elegance This is a special property. When you enter the courtyard of the hotel you feel as if you are taken back in time. While we usually prefer new modern hotels, this was a pleasant surprise with its quiet elegance and sophistication. I kept waiting for the Queen to exit and greet us. The staff is attentive and welcoming. The concierge, Udo, was unbelievable in assisting us in absolutely every way possible. He secured a car rental for rates below what I was able to find on Expedia.We stayed in the junior suite facing the canal. We were with in a block of Dam Square and the Red Light District but without the noise. The hotel pool/spa was a welcome respite after a day of walking on cobblestone.Breakfast was pricey given the rate of the dollar to the euro but was magnificent. The ala carte menu was more reasonable for a lighter breakfast. If you check the accor hotels website, there are periodic specials that include breakfast.This was a fabulous experience!  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MazzandDamo
<Content>Absolutely perfect!!!! After reading the reviews on here, I decided to book this hotel for a romantic surprise weekend away for my Fiance and I, for his 30th birthday weekend. I telephoned the hotel direct, and told them it was a surprise for his birthday. They said they would try and upgrade us if there was the facility when we arrived. We took a taxi to hotel from Airport, and arrived late evening, and checked in without issue. When we arrived up at our room, we had been upgraded to the MOST beautiful suite I have ever seen. Beautiful bathroom, fantastic canal view, with HUGE windows. We spent some time in the pool and sauna area, and this was fantastic as on two occasions we were the only people in the fitness complex. Attention to detail was five star, including the towel and linen changes, the refilling of toiletries, and the general demeanour of the staff. The bed was fantastic.. slept for hours, which felt like days!! The location was amazing, just two minutes walk from dam square, and two minutes the other way to RLD. We had a beautiful champagne room service breakfast the morning of his birthday, and the hotel gave us a delft pottery replica of the hotel as a present with our room service filled with sweets! All in all it was the most fantastic stay ever, we totally totally enjoyed ourselves! 5****  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Citybreaker2
<Content>Weekend break with the best bed Booked through airmiles so wasnt sure if would get treated differently. However, having read other reviews on this site, emailed to ask for room overlooking the main street - replied within 1 hour to confirm had done so. And what a room .......... lovely big room, with all mod cons and the bed was to die for. Huge fluffy pillows and duvet and both slept like a log!!!! Great location, nice and central for everything, staff friendly and yes you can ask for more tea and coffee sachets, as mentioned in previous reviews on this forum. Top tips, if flying into schipol - get the 3.60 euro train ticket to centraal station - you can walk from there to hotel v.quickly. Also, although Amsterdam is very small and you can walk to most - the 24 or 48 hour tram tourer tickets are great value - the trams are so easier to pick up and clean and you can see a lot more. I think it was 6 euros ish for 24 hours and 10 euros for 48 hours - you need to get them stamped by conductor on first usage. Thoroughly recommend hotel and would go back  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>maccarma
<Content>The perfect place to stay in Amsterdam! Stayed at The Grand two nights in two connecting rooms (one king size bed for my wife and myself, second twin beds for our two kids).The location is just perfect, in the heart of Amsterdam at walking distance of main attractions.The Hotel itself is beautiful, an ancient historical building well renovated and decorated.The concierges were extremely helpful and caring.Rooms spacious and with VERY comfortable beds.Hotel facilities very good.Evevrything perfect....One negative detail: we expected a much more luxurious breakfast buffet, the one we had was just fine....We would definitely come back! AAA! Highly recommended.PS: the afternoon tea at bar, with scones and sandwiches is a total MUST!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>jhsgooner
<Content>Perfect (for what we wanted) Stayed for a long weekend in Amsterdam. The last time I had been to the town was 15 years ago as a backpacking student, so the local hostel wasn't an option. I tried Amsterdam Escape but no availability so I thought I'd try the Grand's apartment option, which gives you all of the amenities of a hotel but with its own private entrance.The apartment itself was nice - definitely a bit more on the antiquey, English style but no complaints about the decor. The living room overlooked the canal, so we got a bit of noise from revellers but the bedroom was very quiet. Ordered quite a bit from room service - not the cheapest option but not as outrageous as hotels in New York or London. Good location in Central Amsterdam, within easy walking distance to all the major sights.Only a couple of complaints: our room had an Ethernet connection but in a part of the apartment that had no desk or chairs, so not very easy to get any work done or check online for sights. The other was the disappointing water pressure in the shower.All in all, minor inconveniences, especially since I wasn't really there to work. The staff is all very polite and helpful and never put off by the barrage of questions and requests I had. Used the pool, which was refreshing since Amsterdam is pretty humid, even though the air temperature was in the low 70s. Their recommendation for Indonesian was outstanding (Puri Mas).  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>typhoonsurf
<Content>Excellent Choice In Amsterdam Stayed here for business in a deluxe/superior room, which was large. Hotel is in a quiet location nicely situated just outside the chaos of the red light district.Arriving on a 6am flight I was worried that I might not be able to check in but the very friendly front desk staff took care of me.Hotel has easy access to trams and metro (about 2 blocks away).Room was very clean, quiet and comfortable, large clean bathroom. Had both wireless and hard wired high speed internet.Hotel has a very good restaurant on premises and very nice garden courtyard great for drinks and food.Overall, an excellent choice in Amsterdam with no bad suprises.One note, if you are planning on taking a taxi anywhere from the hotel, make sure to call the bell/front desk and have them call for one first. Taxi's don't just hang out at the hotel and you'll have a long wait.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ParisDreamin'
<Content>Very nice hotel but service leaves something to be desired. OK, so the hotel is very nice. The room was elegant and stylish. The view of the small canal from the room was a nice bonus. The common areas of the hotel, particularly the courtyard, were gorgeous. The location is OK, not bad, not great. The air-conditioning was somewhat feeble in our room, bringing the temperature to about 72 degrees or so only when set at about 50 degrees. I wanted badly to think of this as the 5-star hotel that it attempts to be.BUT...The service was spotty. Everyone that we encountered was very pleasant, and the concierge was very useful, especially as they sold tickets to the Anne Frank House, the Van Gogh museum, and the Rijksmuseum, the 3 attractions in Amsterdam most likely to generate a line at the door for tickets. The ability to get the tickets from the concierge was a nice bonus. The front desk staff was pleasant enough as well; that was not the problem. Check-in, when we arrived, was OK, a little slow, but not enough so as to put up a fuss. When I attempted to exchange some currency at the desk, however, it took about 20 minutes to do so (and there was no line at the desk). The desk clerk seemed repeatedly distracted by doing other things, and was not really focusing on making the exchange for us. Even when he did it, for whatever reason, he was repeatedly shuffling papers, as if distracted. Regardless, I didn't think much of it. It was check-out that I found to be a fiasco. I called down to have our bags brought down and to have a taxi called to take us to the train station. I was assured that a taxi would be called and that it would be waiting for us after we checked out. We followed the bags down shortly. There was one person in front of me in line checking out already. I waited for about 10 minutes for this person to check out, as there appeared to be an endless amount of paper shuffling once again, by a different front desk clerk. When I arrived at the desk to check out, it took another 10 minutes or so to check me out as well, with the same paper shuffling routine as well as the desk clerk disappearing to the back for a few minutes for whatever reason. After finally getting checked out, we exited to the front, where no taxi was waiting, despite the fact that about 25 minutes had passed since I was assured on the phone that a cab would be called immediately. I asked the bellboy/doorman about the cab, and he replied that he knew that we were going to the train station and that a taxi had been called and would be there any minute. About 10 more minutes passed, and I asked him again about the taxi. He replied that he had just called for one, implying that he had not called earlier and had not been frank about it initially. We then waited another 10 minutes or so before the taxi arrived. Needless to say, we needed to hustle a little to catch our train when we got to the station.Now, I am not snobby or snooty about hotels, travel, or service. I am simply being frank about this, because I don't think that the process of checking out and getting a taxi for transportation should take the better part of an hour, not at a hotel that fancies itself a five star luxury hotel and not at $500 per night. It's a shame, since I think that Sofitel hotels in general maintain a wonderful level of excellence.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	3	5	1	2	4	

<Author>kimpet
<Content>Fab Hotel Lovely elegant comfortable Hotel, very central, lovely rooms. Only one itsy bit of moans, its very expensive !!!!!Would definitely go back though,  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>snoopyjoe
<Content>pure luxury - excellent Would just like to say that my sister and I visited this wonderful hotel for two nights. Wow Wow Wow - cannot fault a single thing with this hotel, a real gem of a find - If you are lucky enough to be travelling here you will have a wonderful time. Staff extremely attentive and polite. Didn't have breakfast here - thought it a little expensive but plenty of places to eat elsewhere so not a problem. Cannot wait to take my husband here next year for a wonderful romantic break!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tipster2000
<Content>Best in Amsterdam My stay at the Grand Sofitel Demeure for 4 nights in July, 2006 was excellent. I paid 295 euros as a summer rate for a spacious junior suite on the courtyard. Clean and well maintained. Very quiet except for muffled early evening conversations from outdoor diners in the courtyard. Top location on a quiet street only a couple of blocks from the Dam. Secluded feeling. Intimate atmosphere. No smoking rooms. Four computers in business center for free internet access. Superb dinners in wonderful courtyard during the summer--expensive, but worth the price. Very good breakfast buffet. Friendly and efficient staff. I prefer to the Pulitzer and L'Europe. Don't confuse with the other Sofitel in Amsterdam that is closer to the train station. Only defect was thermostat that had to be turned on or off manually--strong and effective air conditioning, but never turned off except by a flip of the switch. Probably a quirk of my room. An elegant and very satisfying hotel.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cqt
<Content>The Grand Completed a Wonderful Experience in Amsterdam       Our room  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>olivia_c
<Content>Excellent Experience We stayed at the Grand Amsterdam for four nights the end of July, en route from the U.S. to Africa. I had done a lot of internet research on hotels and prices, and this looked perfect - and it was. We have three teenage children and so needed two rooms, which really increases the cost of lodging -- but still wanted a four or five star experience. As noted by the other readers, this hotel is lovely, professional and comfortable, and treated our children with as much respect as they did adults. We had one courtyard room (junior suite, with room for a single bed in the small tv/changing room), which was wonderfully quiet, and a canal room which had minimal noise. The deciding factor for us in choosing this hotel was that it is air conditioned, and this proved to be important - it was quite hot the week we were there, and to come back to an air conditioned room after walking for hours, and look out over a beautiful, tree and flower filled courtyard, was lovely. Friends of ours stayed at one of the canal hotels, which they found quite charming but quite hot. We wanted to arrive in Africa well-rested, and air conditioning made sleeping much more comfortable. I found a very good rate on premierhotels.com, which included breakfast - breakfast is very expensive separately, and we would not have done it otherwise, but it turned out to be one of those experiences that really make a travel day. It is a comprehensive buffet with fresh orange juice and incredible hot chocolate, and was a wonderful way to start the day. It also allowed us to eat a light tea/snack in early afternoon, and then a more substantial dinner. We had both tea and lunch in the courtyard restaurant, and both were excellent - although a little pricey. Even though we booked through an internet website and I was anxious about every aspect of the reservation, we had absolutely no problems, including with the price. It's still a good idea to bring written confirmation, though, since it makes it easier for everyone when you're holding an actual document. As for location, the red light district literally began at the end of the block, but there was almost no spill-over of activity, and it was easy to avoid it. We did walk the edges a number of times, and it provided a great opportunity for our small-town kids to see another side of life and a very natural way for us to talk with them more about those kinds of activities. I would definitely stay at the Grand again, and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to a wide range of people.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rcohen936
<Content>Loved the Grand Demeure This hotel is perfect in every way. It's location near Dam square. It's Cafe Roux restaurant ,buffet breakfast, housekeeping staff, front desk, concierge, bartender,etc. Our room was quite large. We were upgraded to a Jr. Suite upon arrival. Our every request was handled without any problems. My wife  I were celebrating our anniversary with the final two days in Amsterdam.I've become a Sofitel customer since staying here. They even arranged a fixed rate for our taxi returning to Schipol airportBob C. Columbus Ohio  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LMontagu
<Content>Beautiful hotel The hotel is beautiful  elegant with great facilities. The room was a brilliant size for Europe  very comfortable with all I needed. Travelled on business  the staff were excellent with all of my needs, very professional, friendly  helpful and always with a smile. I felt very looked after. The hotel is in the red light ditrict so wonderful atmosphere  perfect for exploring. My only small complaint is that it was a little (very slightly) noisy at times (i was overlooking a canal) but overall absolutely wonderful, no hesitation in recommending both business  leisure travellers. Enjoy!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>KGD'sMOM
<Content>Every Minute Was An Excellent Experience My husband, daughter and myself spent three nights at the Grand in August. It rained the entire time we were there but we enjoyed the city and the hotel provided umbrella's. We booked a superior room with two single beds and they put a cot in the room for our daughter. The two single's were together and all three had duvet's and feather beds. It wasn't a large room but nicely decorated, with a view of the canal. We enjoyed the turn down service with Belgian chocolates and slippers. Our daughter loved the pool and spa area. The robes, slippers, and Roger and Gallet toiletries were a nice touch in the change rooms. Every single person we encountered made us feel welcome. It's a beautiful hotel in a very central location. I booked the room on their own website with their hot deals. Around the corner is Renee's Bakery, we ate breakfast there and it was delicious. In fact all the Bakery's we went to had fantastic (and fattening) food. If we ever return that will be the hotel we stay at.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Service stayed for 2 nights this month a fantastic truely 5* experience. Customer service is the focus of all the hotel staff and nothing is too much trouble. The pool, spa and saunas were a good start to the day with robes and towels all provided.didn't have dinner in the Cafe Roux, however did have breakfast at 28 Euros, whilst it was good quality, it really wasn't good VFM.highly recommended, especially if you can get a good deal on the price, excellent central location and the service is fantastic.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Truly deserves the title of "The Grand Hotel"         
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>emaxxmuc
<Content>Nice hotel with improvement potential We stayed 3days in this hotel and enjoyed it a lot. Never the less there are some points they should work on:Pros: +Location (it麓s really in the center of amsterdam)+If you have a room with courtyard view it麓s quiet (I don麓t know the other rooms)+Nice and -for Amsterdam-standard- quite big rooms, furnished in an old fashioned but nice way+good business centerCons:-The quality of service is sometimes not the one of a 5-star hotel (waiting time and some of the guys are a little bit arrogant).-Take your reservation with you - they tried to charge a much higher price at the check out compared to the one I booked at [--] (Of course this could happen anywhere, but I read about the same thing in another review too, so be prepared)-Paying 28鈧?p.P. for a breakfast is redicolous - go elsewhere in Joordan Quarter-The resteraunt-tip from the hotel-staff had two problems: A) It was closed and B) from outside it looked like a tourist-trap I would never walk inEnjoy your trip...  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Figa7
<Content>Beautiful hotel I stayed in this hotel for one night recently and absolutely loved it! We got the train from the airport to the city (just over 鈧?) and then got a taxi for 鈧?1 to the hotel. We arrived early so we couldn't check-in straightaway as the room wasn't ready yet but the receptionist gave us a map of the city and gave us advice on the best restaurants and sites nearby. She couldn't have been more helpful. The room was huge and had a canal view. Large bathroom as well. Location was great. Red-light district is just around the corner from the hotel but the hotel itself is very quiet. Our room looked out over the front of the hotel and we couldn't hear a thing. Plenty of things to see and do nearby and nearly everything is within walking distance. I recommend that you get the I Amsterdam card when you get there - you get free trams and buses and entrance into most of the major museums and sites. You also get 2 free canal boat rides and discounts on a lot of other attractions. We got the 48-hr card for 鈧?3 - well worth it!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Gothicist
<Content>Excellent until checkout We stayed here for three nights. It is as comfortable, indeed as luxurious as any reasonable person could ask. The staff was pleasant and helpful, but unintrusive. Some people might find the location too close to the Red Light district, to the right of the entrance, but to the left is the University area. Amsterdam is a compact and dense city. We walked to the museum neighborhood in about 45 minutes. Trams and taxis are plentiful and reasonable. And English is virutally the second native tongue. The hotel restaurant is very good as is the one in the nearby Hotel Europe, and there are many nearby restaurants in all price (and quality) ranges.Only at the time of checkout was there acrimony. We had found a good rate on the internet, oddly through a hotel site based in Utrecht, averaging 265 euros, and they had already taken it from our credit card. They insisted that the actual rate was 295 euros per day, plus city tax. The first person refused to budge, and her supervisor at first said it was impossible to adjust. We had our confirmation number, and then the supervisor relented. If you are paying less than the full rate, I recommend you keep proof of the agreed price. Except for this, it was a superior hotel.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DeadFrogHillingdon
<Content>Possibly the best hotel in Europe My wife and I stayed at the Grand at the end of April. It was our first visit to Amsterdam (get the train from the airport to Centraal Station - it costs 鈧?.20 each - you can walk to the hotel or pay 鈧?2.00 for a taxi ride - still cheaper than a taxi from the airport)Anyway back to the hotel - from the moment you walk through the revolving doors the staff cannot do enough to make your stay a pleasurable experience. We were told that the hotel was very full, so we were upgraded to ........an apartment!!!!! how mad was that?We had a massive bedroom, separate lounge, two bathrooms and a Kitchen!We ate in The Roux restaurant which is attached to the Grand - I'm sure there are cheaper places to eat in Amsterdam, but none as goodThe Grand is situated about 50 yards from the Red Light District - but the area itself is quiet.We WILL stay in this hotel again - although any other hotel that we are likely to stay in will seem inferior to The Grand  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An absolute no-fault! I have been to Dam during '06 Easter week end and enjoyed a three-night stay at The Grand. From the entrance into the impressive courtyard until the final moment of the check-out, everything has been absolutely perfect. My 5th floor room was awesome with a huge floor-to-ceiling window overlooking the city, an amazing bathroom and all the luxury that one would expect from a five-star hotel. The room service was not cheap but the service and the dishes could not get faulty. Make sure to try out the spa on the groundfloor with its swimming pool, turkish bath, sauna and jacuzzi. This will make your day whole, believe me. All in all, I think I have found THE place where I will stay in Amsterdam whenever I come back. I had already been there five times, staying at the Amstel or the Kras. Don't get me wrong, the Amstel is a perfect hotel in every sense of the term, but The Grand is about three times cheaper (!) and almost as good as the Amstel, so the latter can't stand the comparison!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dreamholiday
<Content>Fantastic location Stayed in this hotel for a long weekend last year and it really was beautiful. Fantastic breakfasts! Had dinner in the restuarant and that was excellent also.Only down side was the bar was really smoky but then most of Amsterdam is!Would recommend the hotel but probably will not go back to Amsterdam as it was nice but i hate smoking!!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Solid four stars I recently spent five nights at the Grand. While it was comfortable and the location very good, I cannot consider this hotel five star. The front desk, while friendly, gave information that was often incorrect. The first instance involved train schedules and payment for train travel, the second directions within the city to a well-known modern design shop on a principle canal (they were off by a twenty-five mintue walk). Also, the main restaurant and room service quit cooking at 10:30, except for very rudimentary room service offerings (not even eggs). I'd rate it four stars with a smile. Not bad, but hardly five stars.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this Hotel Stayed at the Grand for 2 nights last weekend in a Junior Suite and could not fault it in any way. Location is great, on the edge of the red light district but lovely and peaceful. Staff were extremely helpful - nothing was too much trouble. Ate breakfast in the Cafe Roux and found it to be excellent value for money, with extremely attentive wating staff. Would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Rockemsockemrobot
<Content>All Excellent at the Grand My wife and I had a wonderful experience at the Grand. The staff was terrific. They made quality suggestions concerning restaurants, walking tours, and general sights based on our expressed desires. The room was extremely comfortable and we had a difficult time getting out of bed before 11:00 a.m. I would definitely stay at the Grand again!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A.B.GBirmingham
<Content>Art at The Grand For the past five years we have treated ourselves to a 3 night stay at The Grand. We don't have much to add to the previous very positive comments except: If you are interested in C20 Art ask to see the Marriage Chamber, which is absolutely stunning. There is also an original painting in the entrance to the Roux Restaurant (by the CoBrA school)Staff as friendly and helpful as ever, lovely room but we felt that there had been some cost cutting since last time (Summer 2005):1.The changing rooms at the swimming pool used to have slippers for pool side; individual bottles of toiletries etc now there are just dispensers.2. The restaurant used to make a feature of the fixed price menu, now it is almost hidden away on the main menu and only 2 choices per course (3 courses) at 38 euros - not such good value. This may sound petty but it is a 5* hotel charging 5* prices and, unless you get a very good deal on the breakfast - go elsewhere, it's not worth 28euros!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AussieCraig67
<Content>Great Location  A great hotel - lovely building and perfect location. Just two blocks from the Red Light District, it feels a world away if that is not your thing. The staff were extremely helpful and the rooms finished well (the bathroom was especially nice, capped by heated floor tiles - a little luxury in the chill of Amsterdam winter). There is also a very lush restaurant in the hotel which serves excellent food and a good wine list. We will definitely stay here on our next visit to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DavidBelgium
<Content>The story of a great experience               More photos  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Expensive but worth it! I stayed in the Grand at the end of October 2005 and stayed in a standard single room. I agree with most of the previous comments, the hotel was well preseneted with a really nice garden at the back (which my room faced). All the staff were very helpfull, even when Ifound a mouse plus droppings under the table in the lobby. One point worth mentioning is that if you are asked if you would fill out a survey, say yes as they give you a free drinks voucher for the bar. The room was a fair size with a huge bathroom, free slippers and gowns (as you would expect). Tried the room service which was expensive but again well presented and the food was excellent. With regards to beakfast (26 euros) it wasn't the biggest breakfast I have seen but there was smoked salmon, eggs, mushrooms etc.Used the gym a few times but to be honest the gym was a left down, it only had a running machine, cross trainer and bike (but enough for a quick workout if you feel guilty afer all the food).Finally in summary expenisive but by far the smartest hotel in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great Hotel in a great location. Stayed here in July for 3 nights with my wife. We booked a cheaper internet deal directly with the hotel and were slightly disappointed with the size of the room. As it was a quiet weekend, we were given the option to pay extra and upgrade to one of their apartments. We were not disappointed this time. The apartments are enormous with full size kitchens, two bathrooms, separate dining area/seating area and a massive bedroom. The place was spotlessly clean and had a fantastic, three full window view of the canal at the front of the hotel. If you are looking for designer chic, this is not the place for you. It is, as the Hotels on screen hotel information says, an traditional English style. The staff are very friendly and the Cafe Roux restaurant is well recommended. A 3 course set menu is 27 euros and is worth every penny/euro. The food was delicious and the service very attentive without being too stuffy. We stayed for breakfast once and had our own private dining area reserved for guests in the apartments. It was very nice but expensive. I suggest trying any one of the local cafes as they give you more of the flavour of Amsterdam. Do try the afternoon tea, we treated ourselves to it and it was well worth it - 19 euros each. The hotel is in a great location and even though the edge of the red light district is very close, you can easily avoid it if you want to. If you are looking for another great places to dine, try the Cafe Luxembourg on Spui(5 Mins away). The place is always busy and they do great food at very reasonable prices. There are also lots of other restaurants/bars in the area.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cs0025
<Content>Good but overpriced I stayed at The Grand with my wife on a short break. Lovely building with lots of history, friendly personnel and a great breakfast in a trully memorable caf茅 that is very popular.Rooms are not as well decorated as you'd expect for a luxury place that charges you those rates. No complimentary water in the room neither international newspapers available.Carefull about the restaurant recommendations at the concierge, which were disappointing.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel We stayed for three nights in the Grand and couldn't have been more impressed. We had perfect peace and quiet in a lovely room overlooking the central courtyard (away from the front street which does border onto the more 'lively' red light district). The staff were friendly, spoke perfect English, and there was no effort spared to make our stay enjoyable and relaxing. A truly 5-star experience for us.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bertie
<Content>Interesting Hotel! We have just returned from 3 nights at the Sofitel Grand, staying in a Junior Suite. Our welcome was excellent making us feel as though we had definitely made the right choice. All the staff were friendly throughout the stay although we had a few blips with level of service which is a shame as the hotel has a lot of the ingredients to make it excellent.The location is interesting! In a beautiful building with a lot of history. Be warned though, it is VERY close to the red light district. We are certainly not prudes but the location of the hotel meant that, mainly in the evenings, the area was full of large groups of men on what seemed like 'lads nights out'! I also hate to say that a lot of them were English too who seemed to have had a sherry too many!! Hence lots of noise and lager drinking in the bars nearby the hotel!! Not conducive to a romantic night out!!On our last evening the gas in the hotel kitchens went out and therefore the menu in the restaurant was extremely limited. We had to revert to room service (again a restricted menu because of the problem) and no apology was made for this inconvenience. In our mind the hotel should have given notice that there was a problem so that we had time to make alterntiave arrangements (apparently it had been out all day). Not good for a 5 star hotel.We would return with a group of mates for fun weekend. We wouldn't return for a romantic weekend away with a partner!!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Historic, Charming, Central, and Worth the Stars My husband and I were in Amsterdam for several days. We got a good deal at this otherwise pricey hotel (stay 4 nights, 1 night is free). The rooms and service were really 5-star, especially by European standards. The room and bathroom had all the amenities. The staff was courteous and always helpful. The turndown service with hotel slippers and chocolates made us feel very special. They were helpful in confiming our flights and making reservations for us. Try to get breakfast included, as it is a very nice European spread in their upscale French restaurant, inclusive of cappuccinos or whatever you want. The hotel is quite historic and has been around more than 5 centuries, first as a convent, then as Town Hall. The Queen was married at this hotel. If you are looking for a place which is charming, does not feel like a large chain hotel, and is luxurious, stay here. Our friends who stayed at the more modern Dylan found it to be hip, but the rooms were dirtied (the white sofa was no longer white and the walls and furniture there were scuffed) and the staff there was not as helpful. The Grand is very central and we did not need to take a cab or public transportation anywhere. It is very close to the red light district, but is tucked away from that traffic.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SwirlyWhirly
<Content>Fantastic in every respect! We had some problems finding the hotel as we were recommended to take the train to Centraal Station and walk from there instead of catching a taxi from Schipol! We arrived outside the hotel very hot and bothered with our battered suitcases whilst a couple were emerging from a chauffered car.I said to my partner that I bet the other couple get first class treatment whilst they ignored us. HOW WRONG WERE WE!!!The doorman was so polite and welcoming and the receptionist made us feel at home straight away.Our room was on the smallish side and I'd recommend booking a junior-suite for not a lot more. (I've since found out all Amsterdam hotel rooms are on the smaller side.)I would recommend this hotel to anyone. It's right in the middle of the city, but it is so quiet and peaceful. The staff are so very friendly and helpful and the hotel is just stunning. My partner and I relished walking up to our hotel every day as the facade is just so beautiful!Enjoy your stay at The Grand, you won't forget it!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel Just returned from a weekend spent at this excellent hotel. On arrival we were upgraded to a junior suite and also given a complementary token for a glass of champagne as we had to wait all of 15 mins for our room.The location is excellent, but also very peacefull. We had a meal from the Room Service Menu one evening, just a burger and fries but it was excellent value and very tasty. Everything about this hotel is impressive, the service is second to none, this hotel truly deserves its 5* rating.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ziggymbg
<Content>Truly Grand       The Grand at night...breathtaking.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel....Great Location My wife and I just got back from a post cruise 2-night stay at The Grand and could not have been happier. The staff was incredibly friendly and the room was glorious. The location is convenient to everything you would want to see in town and within walking distance of some of the major attractions. We followed the concierge's suggestions for dinner at a casual local restaurant and he was right on. The next time I am in Amsterdam I will be staying at the Grand again.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Smitten
<Content>The best Amsterdam Hotel - full stop My husband, eight year old son and I stayed at the Sofitel Grand Demeure for 4 glorious days in Amsterdam after a Holland America cruise that ended in Rotterdam - after being pampered for 12 days in the Baltic - it was going to be tough for any hotel to compete. The moment we entered the courtyard at the Sofitel (July 14, 2005) we knew that this was heaven - no matter where you turn on the property there is someone to meet your every need - you will be hard pressed to find that kind of hotel staff anywhere, even in North America. We stayed in a junior suite which was way more space then we needed but the bed is to die for. The best European bed you can get with great maid service. There is a pool which children love, (with lots of towels) as well as a dry sauna, steam, and a gym. The room amenities are top notch complete with slippers to wear whilst you make your way to the spa. The gym isn't top notch but if you need a work out it will do. A bonus is free internet access to a computer room what a great idea for a hotel and you meet the nicest people in there. Good way to make your way back to trip advisor! I am told the restuarant is the best - and although we did want to go, our 8 year cannot sit still for that amount of time to let others enjoy their food so we opted out. As books say it is only a block from the red light district and no worries about that - you would never know and security is it's finest in the evening as well as during the day. Amsteram is very much a walking city and we did not take a tram once - so even to get to Vondelpark, the Van Gogh, Anne Frank's House you can walk everywhere - there is a great variety of restaurants in the neighborhood - and I can tell you what a treat it was to come home to the Sofitel for 4 evenings with friendly staff - a fresh basket full of apples each day at reception and the beds to die for. If you are carrying hardly any luggage you can walk it from the train station. Also a good tip is to buy tickets to Anne Frank's House, the museums etc you can do that at the concierge at the Sofitel - will save time lining up somewhere else - and there is no surcharge for this service.You also meet the nicest guests right in the lobby - I am sure that is because of the staff - there is very much a relaxed feeling at the Sofitel. We will go back again and again when we return to Amsterdam - the stay wouldn't be complete without the Grand Demeure. What a fabulous memory we left Europe with.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CMSK
<Content>best hotel in asterdam Just came back from a week long visit. This hotel is the best in Amsterdam for location, history, elegance, and service. Ideally located in the center of town, it is walking distance from everything. The hotel exhudes old world elegance, and has a rich history. The service was fantastic. Negatives were the fitness center which is a joke, and the size of the regular rooms. I upgraded to a mini-suite and it was worth it.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travellover53
<Content>Very Beautiful and Gracious Hotel       inner courtyard  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice atmosphere I enjoyed my stay very much in the Grand Amsterdam. It is located in a central, but quiet quarter. The rooms are small, a bit old, but nice though. Unfortunately you can not open the windows completely and they could be oiled again. The welness area is nice but not good enough for a real 5 star hotel. the bereakfast was excellent in a very nice room, as well as the whole hotel has a very familliar, but international atmosphere. when I would come back to Amsterdam, I would recommend this hotel, but probably test out another 5 star hotel.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Go there, it really lives up to its name My husband and I stayed at the Grand for my birthday in January. They made an excellent first impression by upgrading us to a superior room overlooking the internal courtyard (my husband had e-mailed beforehand to ask if they would allocate us a quiet room with a pleasant view). Service from all staff members was excellent, the room was huge, comfortable and well appointed, and the location was very good. The spa and pool was quiet and pleasant, but beware the jacuzzi - it isn't hot!We enjoyed the buffet breakfast, and treated ourselves to a meal at the restaurant. This was one of the best all-round dining experiences I've had - the restaurant isn't formal, but the food was as excellent as the service, and extremely reasonably priced (from the set menu). If you enjoy wine and can afford the Sommelier Pairing (about 鈧?7 per person), go for it!The Grand lives up to its name! Go there (but do look for internet deals to get the best rates - BB if possible - you really don't want to pay the rack rate!).  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dunno
<Content>Fantastic hotel - 5 star deluxe, but not snooty! Probably our fifth stay at this hotel and still rate it as excellent. Staff are very helpful and friendly.Bedrooms are great and toiletries good quality. Room will be serviced more than once if you put out the 'service my room' card.Breakfast is better than it used to be - but still not as extensive as other comparable hotels. Bit of a faux pas from one of the waiting staff - laid table without changing the dirty cloth - no doubt if we had complained it would have been changed, but really it shouldn't have happened.Location excellent - 20 minutes walk from Centraal Station.Oriental City restaurant two minutes away - try the Indonesian Rice Table. Red Light district 3 minutes away.Dam square 3 minutes away.Try Louis Bar Cafe de Dam on way to Dam Square - Louis is great.Highly recommended. We will be going back!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JetsetTX
<Content>Incredible I just read a terrible review of this hotel and quite honestly believe that person must ahve stayed at another Grand Hotel Sofitel Demeure. I stayed here in January and can not say enough about it. It is most definitely a five star hotel with five star service and ammenities. Beautiful good sized room, nice canal view. Excellent and very attentive service. Great location! You just can't satisfy some people but I was certainly more than satisfied and would definitely recommend the hotel and stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>richardsonsnm
<Content>We keep coming back.... My wife and I flew in and out of Amsterdam on our first trip to Europe in '99, we stayed at Hotel L' Europe. But after traveling around Europe for a couple of weeks, we decided to come back to Amsterdam early, and the L' Europe was booked, we hit the internet and found the Grand. After a dozen visits, we can't wait to get back. The location is excellent for walking, lot's going on, but the hotel is a nice refuge from the city, sort of feels like home. The bedding is the best, duvets and great pillows, and the pool area, sauna, turkish bath are hardly ever used, in all my visits i have rarely seen anybody else. I agree the toiletries are the best, i admit to having a bathroom of them at home that i use between visits. I agree that the furniture could use a upgrading, but I wouldn't stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Much better than expected This was my back up hotel as Amstel and L'Europe were full. I was positively surprised of the quality of the hotel and its services as the hotel was getting bad reviews here. The room had a high ceiling and faced a beatiful canal. Other positives were luxurious bedding, a very grand entrance with a nice lobby, a convinient location - especially if you are tourlist, and a good quality restaurant (has in-house bakery). The staff was extremely helpful, too - the conceierge was eager to help make restaurant recommendations.Negatives are:Upholstry needs to be updated (more than several dirty spots and color was faded), the bathroom is not exactly luxurious (relatively inexpensive tiling - some are craked, tub  shower combination with cheap light plastic shower curtin).  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MaxBaz
<Content>They could not have tried harder at the Sofitel Grand Amsterdam Arriving in thick snow after a 10 hour rail journey from London (and unscheduled visits to Rotterdam and Utrect) we were whisked into the delights of the hotel by attentive staff. It was a family members 80th birthday and they really did their best to make this a great occaison. The ambience and location is excellent. In particular the bedrooms are opulant and quiet. The bad reports I have read on this web-site must be made up by competing hotels. Absolute rubbish.......all of them! This is a top flight hotel in a decent location with a great restaurant.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>deedle
<Content>Mediocre Stayed here for 3 nights in a superior double. Room clean and tidy but furniture and decor looked a bit tired.Great location though and staff very helpful.Pool and sauna area good.Breakfast yet again very average-nothing to rave about .Felt quite disappointed as I was expecting much better from a Sofitel Hotel.Wouldnt return to this hotel as I found the Pulitzer far superior.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bobo1
<Content>Excellent We stayed here last year and found the hotel to be excellent. On a previous visit to Amsterdam we stayed at the Krasnapolsky in Dam Square which although good is not upto the standard of the Grand.  Our room was well appointed and very clean, and was not 'tired' as some other reviewers have stated.  The staff were very efficient and friendly.  If I had a critism it would be the bar prices - but that is only to be expected in a top hotel.  I would not hesitate to stay there again and would recommend it to anyone.   
<Date>Feb 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>colctrav
<Content>Can't understand the bad reviews Stayed here for three nights in November. Upgraded to large deluxe room. Although at the front of the hotel, was very quiet, overlooking canal. Well appointed, well maintained and with no signs of wear and tear, only niggle is why can't hotels provide mineral water on other than the first night of a stay? Excellent quality toiletries. All staff were extremely welcoming and helpful, in particular the concierge and bar staff. Extensive and very good buffet breakfast served by cheerful and professional staff. Would not hesitate to return.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A 5-Star hotel... without Quality of Service I am disappointed with my stay in this hotel. The quality of service is very weak and the client is not taken into consideration. Even if the building is beautiful, I won't go back there again. The rooms need a serious maintenance operation (and some pieces into the pool).The staff seems to be client-oriented (fake!), but he is too arrogant. Avoid this hotel ! The quality of service is absolutely not the one of a 5-star hotel.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gregcmorley
<Content>Dated and Expensive I recently attended a conference held in the Sofitel, Grand Hotel, Amsterdam. The conference facilities were good but the hotel was dated, expensive and past its prime as a business location. The hotel had the feeling of a hotel that had been great 20-30 years ago. The gym was very substandard and the room was dark. While the staff was attentive, the property is in need of a serious update.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>'The Grand'- It lives up to its name Having read comments on trip advisor my wife and I cancelled our original hotel arrangements and stayed five nights at 'The Grand' in mid August. We were not disappointed. The public rooms are stylish and immaculately presented. Our split level room overlooked the inner courtyard and was comfortable and quiet. The staff were extremely professional,courteous,and always happy to help. They could not be faulted. The pool area was small but quiet and relaxing after long days sightseeing. My tip- Should the weather be warm try afternoon tea in the inner courtyard. An old fashioned treat but well worth it. It's so quiet you forget you are in a busy hotel, in a bustling city only yards from Dam Square.If you are looking for 5 star treatment on a short break try the Grand Sofitel. It lives up to its name.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Classy  After many disappointing hotel experiences, some in 'supposed 5 star hotels', I have to say that we loved this hotel! In my opinion, definitely worthy of its 5 star rating and providing a haven of calm in this great city. Classy and understated with traditional furnishings, informal atmosphere and excellent service by extremely professional, yet friendly staff. We had booked a deluxe room, which was very nicely appointed, but were lucky enough to be offered an upgrade to a Junior suite, for a very reasonable supplement, which was just beautiful, with three enormous windows overlooking a leafy canal and the biggest bed I've ever seen. We decided to have afternoon tea in the hotel's lounge bar, which was lovely and definitely worth indulging. We also had breakfast in the hotel's 'Cafe Roux' restaurant, which was excellent, but we didn't get the opportunity to try dinner there. With the menu created by the famous Albert Roux, the restaurant was stylish, but again understated and not too formal, which we liked. The only slight criticism may be that some of the rooms are starting to look a touch worn around the edges as it is probably a few years since the last refurb, but not enough to put me off recommending he hotel. In summary, this hotel is a bit of a hidden gem, tucked away off a leafy canal with it's imposing facade and central courtyard garden, yet only a couple of minutes walk from Dam square. We will definitely stay here again, when visiting Amsterdam next!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ancarbone
<Content>This is the place to stay Definitely the place to stay in Amsterdam. In the oldest channel of the city this fascinating hotel will welcome you in all its charme and quietness. At a stone's throw from the Red Light District and Dam Square, you will be able to enjoy the wonderful Dutch-styled rooms and the cuisine of Caf猫 Roux, the hotel's restaurant named after Albert Roux (watch out: the famous chef is only the supervisor here, he's not the executive chef). I stayed there in August and took a Superior room for 165鈧?including breakfast (which was a very low rate). The hotel's service of Concierge will be there to satisfy all your needs.Astounding!P.S. They have also great toiletries by Roger  Gallet Paris.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>MArvelous hotel, excellent location   showReview(2207771, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Is it bad to look like a Ritz?   showReview(2183502, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Grand Grand - and good for kayakers, too   showReview(1979002, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>msbetze
<Content>Nice Hotel   showReview(1785387, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Grand, not bad   showReview(1774083, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ps12
<Content>Luxury in Amsterdam   showReview(1721267, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best 5-star hotel experience!   showReview(1491033, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>poppy89
<Content>Beautiful hotel   showReview(1435670, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RodenbachRuss
<Content>Top Notch   showReview(1235966, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Treated Like A Thief!   showReview(851338, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>excellent hotel, friendly and elegant atmosphere. far from the noice and mess of dam square.   showReview(20551853, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mirojupi
<Content>un compte de f茅e   showReview(19111388, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>excellent hotel   showReview(18541803, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>davbalfr
<Content>excellent HOTEL , un MUST       fa莽ade de nuit  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>aliceBrianza
<Content>albergo di fascino   showReview(16389324, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel agr茅able en plein centre d'Amsterdam   showReview(15575732, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>znarf
<Content>The Grand ist super   showReview(14928181, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閲嶅帤鎰熴亴銇傘倠璞彲銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仚   showReview(19168985, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Beaucoup de charme, bien plac茅, excellent acceuil et grand confort   showReview(13983583, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Unkas
<Content>caro per quello che offre   showReview(11940214, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	4	2	4	4	

<Author>iaiaMilano
<Content>bell'albergo e in posizione ottima   showReview(10053036, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un service haut de gamme!!! Nous y retournerons d猫s que possible!   showReview(11441808, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bien situ茅   showReview(11441809, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>luiszuazu
<Content>gran situacion   showReview(8184520, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Week-end en amoureux   showReview(11429880, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>orkus
<Content>Preis-Leistung nicht erf眉llt   showReview(7665941, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	2	1	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un veritable plaisir...   showReview(11397203, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>crisniev2002
<Content>Para disfrutar de una buena estancia.               More photos  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉€銉犲簝鍫淬亱銈?0鍒?..   showReview(19919384, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

