<Author>lookme
<Content>DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. The pictures on the website were VERY disceiving. I felt sick to my stomach when we arrived to the hotel itself. When we fianally got to our room (via stairs) I wanted to immediatly go elsewhere. It was horrible inside. We spent as much time as possible AWAY from the place. It was in a bad location and the people working the desk, well that was a whole different matter. If you are afraid of filthy places DO NOT STAY THERE !!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>zeppypearl
<Content>Our clothes were stolen We stayed in the Hotel Royal and got a room in the attic - very oddly designed and quite a walk up. One day we got stuck in a typical New Orleans downpour and we left our clothes to dry in the bathroom. When we got back to our room, not only were those clothes missing , but other accessories had been taken from the bathroom - a belt, tie, bath products. And the front desk staff didn't do a thing about it. I would never stay here ever again.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>1	3	3	4	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>techchik
<Content>Awful, just awful Lemme tell ya - I want to know who their photographer is, because I'm sure he can make me look like Marilyn Monroe. Talk about making a dog look good... The rooms are nothing like what's pictured on the website.There was a hole in the ceiling above the bed, with crumbled plaster on the bedspread. The jacuzzi suite was a jetted tub, not the jacuzzi described. Furniture was not contemporary chic as it appears in the photos - it was just cheap and tacky. Cigarette butts and other trash were in the fountain in the weedy courtyard. Desk clerk was eating her lunch when we came in. She never paused except to take a personal cell call. She never paused either long enough to answer questions, but continued as if we were an afterthought.We canceled our stay and walked up the street to another hotel.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>packmanlex
<Content>New Years in NOLA       room by courtyard  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>davesgirl82
<Content>We had a good experience My husband and I stayed at Hotel Royal for our honeymoon in October, 2007. We had an excellent room on the third floor, balcony overlooking Royal Street. The room had a king size bed, with posts and netting, beautiful lamps on each night stand, two large comfortable chairs, another large table at the end of the bed, large closet, with iron and ironing board, coffee maker, refrigerator, alarm clock, large jacquizi tub, large shower and it was clean. This may be the more expensive suite. It was large. It was room 12, I believe. The only noise we heard was the children playing at the school across the street. I never heard anyone walking up and down the stairs. I know there were people there because several had checked in as we were waiting. Some were groups of people. It was a convenient location for walking to the grocery store; loved the little store downstairs on the corner. The only inconvenience was no parking. We spent three nights and four days. Peter the day clerk was very helpful and polite. .  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>MGinDenver
<Content>DO NOT stay at the Hotel Royal A group of stayed at this hotel for a family get together and it was an AWFUL place. The front desk individuals are for the most part unprofessional and unhelpful. The rooms are FILTHY... unsanitary to say the least! The towels were always stained/dirty and they the sheets did not fit on the bed. There were no bathroom toiletries (except for soap) available and the water never got hot in the shower. The balcony suites consisted of a window going out to a balcony that was about to fall off the side of the building...what a sham! We were never able to sleep in past 7 am, because of the noise on the street and coming from other rooms. This was a huge disappointment. You do not feel safe at the hotel and arrive home unrested and wanting to sanitize everything in your suitcase. Try somewhere else... you will be very unhappy here, no matter what your standards are.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>angelface80
<Content>This place is a total rip-off! I cancelled my reservation to this hotel on October 1st, and asked for my deposit back. They told me I would have to talk to the manager, Susan Smith, because she's the only one who handles refunds. That in itself seemed odd to me. Anyway, I called her office almost every day since the 1st, but she was never there. I left countless messages with my phone number, but she never called me back. It's been over two weeks now, and I've spent lots of money on long distance calls, but the hotel still owes me $223.74 deposit on two rooms. I threatened to complain to the Better Business Bureau, but it did no good. I guess they don't care about customer service. I'm just really glad I didn't actually STAY at this hotel. What horrible service!!! Never stay at a hotel that requires a deposit on the room, as you may never get it back if you cancel.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	-1	

<Author>laidbackindaguy
<Content>Shared similar experience with "junior" suite As an earlier post stated, I too was upgraded to the junior suite. Believe me, there ain't nothing sweet about it!My problems began in room 4 in the rear building; the walls were FILTHY! Handprints,smudges,and God knows what else. The windows were flush with the ceiling so no chance of seeing out. The blinds were ready to fall out of one window, the headboard had an inch of dirt on top, the walls of the bathroom were covered in dust, no closet space to speakof other than a home-made armoire 3x3x3.Then the upgrade. 6 flights of stairs from ground level!!! Carpet on the last two flights was covered in dust than no one bothered to vacum. An earlier post gave an accurate description of the room and its condition. The continental breakfast were pastries straight out of Wal Mart packages. The same stale pastries for 4 days! Why they don't have an arrangemnt with the pastierre around the corner is beyond me. The front desk folks tried the best they could to make it a better stay but to no avail. Peter ,the day clerk was the most helpful,understanding person I have encountered yet.If you do book a room, ask for a courtyard room. The showers are smaller than most broom closets but the rooms are great.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RCRGator
<Content>Noisiest Place Ever!!!! We stayed at Hotel Royal for a wedding. The couple had a block of rooms reserved at other hotels but we decided we wanted a boutique hotel - BIG MISTAKE. Do not stay here if you intend on sleeping. Our room was ok (I can get over the lack of elevator) until the music started. Apparently our room was directly over a bar that had a band that started at 9:00 in the morning (if it wasn't a band it was VERY loud music). This music lasted until about 3 in the morning as well. It was loud to the point that the walls were actually shaking. I called the front desk to ask about this and they said it was a common complaint....so I asked to be moved. I asked the woman if the new room would actually be quieter if we were going to go through the effort of repacking and moving- she said no. So we suffered through the early morning wake up both mornings. It was miserable. Also, there is no water pressure and very minimal furniture in the rooms. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone and would not stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	3	3	1	

<Author>noname7
<Content>hotel royal is so very terrible i gave a two night stay at the royal hotel in the french quarter to my parents and was horrified at the result. because i am staying nearby i was able to go myself to the hotel and look at a room . i believe what took place was a bait and switch. i was promised a room with a balcony on the third floor. what my parents actually stayed in was a fourth floor room (there is no elavator.....and no parking)...at the back of the building with one tiny window. there was no alarm clock, bedside lamps,bathmat, coffee maker, small refrigerator.....nothing to make this room worth 250.00 a night . in addition there was a piece of raw wood in the middle of the floor...the floors themselves were quite dirty....i could go on and on. when i saw the room and complained i was completely ignored...there was never any response. i have called repeatedly ....they could care less. new orleans is such a fantastic place with such amazing people....no one should stay here and let it ruin their trip.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>NOLA14
<Content>I worried for nothing! After reading reviews here, I worried that my friend and I made a terrible mistake booking this hotel. We were very pleasantly surprised. The worst thing about this hotel is that there is no parking. Of course, this is the first time my friend and I had ever needed parking (we usually fly) so I think we'd have parking problems no matter what French Quarter hotel we picked. We managed to find a temporary place to park and get our luggage inside and check in. We were greeted immediately upon entering, everything was right in the computer and a really nice desk clerk (Joanna) helped us get our luggage up the stairs.Yes, there was no elevator. BUT we could use the exercise. Our room was smallish, but big enough for what we needed. It was clean and we were happy. We didn't have a trash can (or enough towels) but when I went to the front desk and asked for towels, pillows and a trash can, all were delivered with a smile.The proximity to Bourbon Street, Jackson Square and all the fun stuff New Orleans has to offer was perfect. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>akwohlg
<Content>Dirty and shabby room I stayed at the Hotel Royal on business for a week at the end of March. At the time, there was a convention of cardiologists in town, so I was lucky to find any rooms downtown. I soon found out why the Hotel Royal had vacancies!I arrived at about 10:30 pm and found the lobby to be clean and welcoming. The woman working behind the desk was very friendly and courteous. She upgraded me to a Junior Suite, so initially I was excited by the prospect of a luxurious room. She took me upstairs to show me my room, which was an arduous climb up 4 flights of narrow stairs with my heavy luggage, and when we finally made it I was quite winded! The suite consisted of a moderately sized bedroom, maybe 10x15 feet, with a desk against one wall and a bed with a small bedside table. Maybe I'm spoiled, but I tend to think of a suite as being large and consisting generally of more than one room. The floors of the room were wood with a pickled stain, and the walls were an off-white color. Mounted above the small desk on the wall was an inexplicably filthy small white television set. The bed was against another all, and had no head board of any kind, so sitting up in bed meant leaning directly against the wall, which wouldn't be so bad, except the walls were filthy! More on that later. The linens on the bed consisted of a fitted sheet directly on the mattress (no mattress pad), a sheet, a white comforter, and another sheet on top. The fitted sheet was torn and fit poorly, so it frequently came loose in the night and I awoke to find my face in direct contact with the mattress...yuck! In addition, there was no bedside lamp of any kind, so reading in bed meant turning on all the overhead lights in the room with the switch next to the door. Obviously not designed for reading. Watching TV from the bed required lying cross-wise since the tiny TV was across the room above the desk, next to the door. The small desk area was not outfitted with any kind of internet access that I could discern. Now I'd like to talk about the noise. This is far and away the noisiest room I've ever stayed in. Since this room was basically in the attic, there was a constant whine of air conditioner units kicking on and off. This was amazinigly loud and annoying. The walls were paper thin; I could hear every footstep and spoken word of my neighbors.Now for the filth: like the television set, the walls of the room were inexplicably filthy, with dirty handprints everywhere and mystery stains of colored sticky liquids on seemingly every wall. The floor wasn't much better; there were stains and obvious dirt and debris throughout the room. In one corner of the room, I found the dessicated remains of a dead cockroach.The bathroom was actually the cleanest part of the room, and it was fairly well appointed with a marble floor and functioning shower. No complaints there.One morning of my stay I left at 7 a.m. and did not return until 10 p.m.; imagine my surprise to find that my room had not been serviced! No excuse for that. Overall I give the hotel a C for service and a D for accomodations and cleanliness (it would have been an F, but for some reason the bathroom was clean.) The only reason to stay at this hotel is for its location, which is in the heart of the Quarter a short walk from Jackson Square. Otherwise, if you value a clean room, try somewhere else. Also, unless you are in good shape, don't stay on the upper floors; the hike can be exhausting.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	4	2	1	

<Author>DE_FrequentTraveler
<Content>Nobody Home - Unable to Check In! Lax Security - beware I called the Hotel Royal a couple of days before my arrival to let them know I would be arriving around midnight. The phone person told me that I had nothing to worry about, the front desk is staffed 24 hours. Upon arrival I found a hotel lobby with two guests, like myself, unable to check in because there was not a single employee on the premises! Calling the hotel on my mobile phone got no response.The other couple gave up and decided to go sleep in their car. I didn't have that option, so I sat in the lobby with my luggage for over an hour until a former employee passed by, noticed me, and based on her previous experience figured out how to log on to the hotel computer to check me in. She was kind enough to even show me to my room, despite the fact that she didn't even work there!This hotel could be nice - the rooms are fairly decent - but unfortunately it is very poorly managed, as evidenced by how the lobby can be completely unstaffed and open to the street in the middle of the night. I live in a big US city and I know about New Orleans' crime problem, so I was always worried about entering the lonely room-access stairwell of the hotel at night while nobody was watching who came into the place. Anybody could easily walk in from the street, unobserved, and be waiting outside the door of your room. This is a small hotel - maybe 20 rooms - so there is not much traffic of guests in the corridors at night. Take this into consideration before you book a room here. People who have posted pleasant reviews probably never thought about the extremely lax security at this hotel, and what could happen if they are unlucky.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jene4c
<Content>Dont expect any smiles No one once smiled, said thank you or helped us in any way shape or form.At 8pm, the night before we were due to check in, my boyfriend who lives in New Orleans, personally went in and asked if we could check in earlier than 4pm the next day. The woman at the front desk checked her availability and said it would be no problem and to just come on in whenever we were ready.I was flying in from San Francisco and I made the appropriate travel arrangements and arrived at the hotel at 10am. I did the checking in while my boyfriend was dealing with our luggage outside. She told me nothing was available for me and that check in was at 4pm. I told her my boyfriend came in the night before and everything was said to be good to go. She said again, We don't have anything until 4pm. Well that ruined our day because we had planned our entire day around checking in early, napping after my really long flight, showering, etc. Now, I don't normally play the race card but she was African-American and I am Caucasian and she gave me the worst attitude for something she was so willing to help my African-American boyfriend with. The situation seemed a little too ironic.We checked in at 4pm. One of the reasons I booked this hotel was because they said it was a completely non-smoking hotel. Not true. The entire place wreaked of cigarette smoke. I opted to purchase the middle grade room just to be a step up from a standard and to be more comfortable. Well, I'd hate to see what the standard room was because the deluxe queen room was literally 8x8 and the 3x5 bathroom was so small I stubbed my toe on the wall each time I went in and out. The water was luke warm and there were absolutely no toiletries; not even soap to wash my hands at the sink with. We didn't sleep a wink because our room was situated over a bar that blasted their music all the way till 6am. We set the alarm clock to catch an early morning flight and it never went off. Luckily I set my cell phone alarm!Upon check out, I complained as politely as possible about my less than satisfactory stay and the front desk replied, Well thats what you get when you stay in the French Quarters!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	3	1	1	1	

<Author>disgustedwithtravel
<Content>Hotel Royal--A Disappointment I have stayed at many moderately priced hotels in the French Quarter, New Orleans. I have never complained about any of them. This is a first, for me. Hotel Royal is a small hotel that is a few blocks back from the action on Bourbon Street, so I thought it would be sort of quiet. Now, I know it was Mardi Gras, and I was prepared for noise and late-night comings and goings. That said, there are wood floors in this place and you can hear EVERYTHING that goes on above you, and beside you. I could hear the man next door pass gas. Okay? I was awakened by the sounds of people breathing hard after having to WALK UP that long flight of stairs from ground floor to second floor--no elevator, which is not uncommon in New Orleans. The courtyard was pretty, but not when guests put their boom box in their doorway and proceed to wake the dead--because we ALL faced the courtyard. The mattress was from HELL. Why? because there were NO CHAIRS in the room, so everyone must sit on the bed. If I needed light, I had to get up and go to the light switch by the entry door because THERE WERE NO LAMPS in the room. And to top it off, when I went to the front desk one evening to ask for a wake up call, the ghetto-fabulous female at the desk was too busy talking to her homegirl to put her on hold to talk to a pesky CUSTOMER. So I waited. And waited. And waited. I asked if the wake up service is reliable and she spat out: I don't know, I don't work morning shift! How encouraging! Managment: How can you afford to hire these females with the corn-chip fingernails who really could not be bothered with their jobs or YOUR GUESTS? And, if you're over 100 lbs, forget about fitting into the bathroom--the toilet stall is as wide as the average person's hips. DON'T STAY HERE! Try Hotel St Marie, Bourbon Orleans, French Market Inn. Sorry, Management, but this place was TERRIBLE.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>travelcricket
<Content>Definitely Well Worth It! I am puzzled as to why the other reviews are so harsh. A lot of the hotels in New Orleans are antebellum style. Exposed brick, wooden floors and high cathedral ceilings. I have stayed at this hotel and family that I have in New Orleans say that from the outside of the hotel it looks basic. Looks are deceiving when you go inside the rooms there are flat screen tvs, jacuzzis, you name it. It is not a chain hotel, however, it is a nice place to stay. The only setback is that there is no elevator, but most of the rooms are on the 2nd floor. This hotel is very ecclectic, trendy and modern. I like that about it. It is centrally located to EVERYTHING you want to do in the French Quarter. Definitely worth a look-see!  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Cubzter
<Content>Reservation Refund Problem I am a very frequent traveler and have never had to work so hard to get a deposit returned. After booking a stay at this property I was charged a one night deposit (typical for a New Years stay in NOLA) but ultimately I had to cancel my reservation (and this was done several weeks before the deposit forfeit deadline). The deposit was keyed in manually (not through an automated process) within 48 hours of making the reservation. The problem arose when I tried to get the hotel to refund my deposit. It took almost SIX WEEKS and FOUR PHONE CALLS (the fourth call being to my credit card company) to get the deposit returned to my credit card, which is totally unprofessional and unacceptable. And who can say whether I would've ever gotten the refund if I hadn't called. The staff members I spoke with each time were pleasant about the situation--no complaints there--but they were completely ineffectual. Ultimately after being told three different times that it would be taken care of (...we'll take care of that immediately sir...I'm sending this to accounting again sir...I'll bring this matter to the GM's attention myself sir) I finally filed a dispute with my credit card company to force them to return my money...which seems to have done the trick. This clearly shows how interested they are in customer service and it's a shame because I visit NOLA often and would've considered staying there in the future, but I would never stay there now, not at any price.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2006
<Rating>1	3	-1	-1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>ChicagoPair
<Content>Don't bother We recently stayed at the Hotel Royal. We will never stay at this hotel again. We were given a room that, believe it or not, had no windows that were low enough to see out of. The hotel advertises high ceilings, they are probably around 15 feet or so, and the windows in our room were up near the ceiling. Making matters worse, we couldn't reach the blind adjusters on either window even when we stood on the bed (the adjuster was missing on one window even if we had been able to reach it) resulting in bright sunlight streaming on the bed in the morning. The room also had no sound proofing. We literally could hear the guy next to us snoring and could hear conversations and understand what was being said in either the room next to us or above us. We asked to be moved to another room, but that request was denied. We then asked to check out and they refused to give us our money back because we had paid in advance. As if the lack of a window and sound proofing weren't bad enough, the room had no trash bin when we arrived, the room had no clock, the room didn't even have a closet or a full-size armoire, we were given a single hotel-size bar of soap that we had to keep moving between the sink and the shower, and the room had no hairdryer (and it took 2 attempts to get one that worked). The light switch cover in the bathroom looked like it had originally been a 4 switch cover, and the hotel simply cut it in half to fit the two switches. The room also was not business friendly. There was no desk and not even a chair. In fact, the room was so small that the only thing that fit in it was the bed, two nightstands, and the mini-armoire. We have travelled extensively (including to notoriously small hotel room cities like Tokyo, New York, Paris and Rome) and have never stayed in a room this small. Finally, and perhaps most importantly for some, I would not feel safe there as a single woman. The hotel has a courtyard and, unlike many hotels in New Orleans, the courtyard is not locked at night. Anyone can walk in off the street, lurk in dark corners, and have access to the front door of the rooms. The only good things I can say about this hotel are (1) the night clerk was very nice; and (2) Flanagan's is right around the corner.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	2	1	

<Author>Travelin'_For_Kicks
<Content>Could be better There is no valet/parking at the hotel, so you have to park in a lot or on the street (if you are really lucky). Plan on adding $20 extra for that a night. I don't mind climbing stairs, but these are some serious stairs on a building that seems slanted on its foundation, and hand rails are not all secured very well. On the way out that night, to get outside we went down some unlit stairs to the street. Getting to our room was like finding our way in a labyrinth. Like some other reviewers stated, the room numbering didn't seem to make much sense. We ended up in a room that made us feel like Flowers in the AtticThe courtyard was kind of small and sad, not a real impressive New Orleans courtyard. When we got to our room I was surprised at the tiny size (think NYC). Things seemed pretty clean, and that was a feat given that everything in the room was white. There was only one glass in the room, and the shower was a mere trickle. The best part about this hotel was its location, but I would definitely check out other hotels in the area before staying at this one again.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>DannyYvonne
<Content>Great Hotel! But dont park on the street! The service at the front desk was great, we checked into our room with no trouble. The numbering on the rooms was very confusing and the front desk attendant had to come out and rescue us. I had read very discouraging comments about this hotel, so I had my fingers crossed. When we stepped inside the room, it was wonderful! We had an Upgraded King room with a balcony. The only negatives about our room was that there was moldy coffee in the coffee maker and there was no water pressure in the shower (thank goodness for the tub). There was no room in the hotel parking lot, so the girl told us to park on the street. Oops, will never do that again! The next morning our car was gone. After a trip through the scary part of town, we found our car in the impound lot that was closed until Monday morning. So our one day trip turned into a two day trip. The front desk lady again was extremely nice calling cabs, looking up phone numbers, and giving us a discount on our room that night. After talking to many locals about our car disappearing, it seems you haven鈥檛 really experienced New Orleans, until you have had your car towed. I will definitely stay at this hotel again, but next time we will park in the lot across town!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	5	5	

<Author>Dawn6
<Content>Great Bargain I just returned from a wonderful stay at the Hotel Royal and felt the need to inform travelers of my experience. I chose a standard room since that was in my budget at the time and was more than satisfied. The room had what looked to be new carpet and furniture with a beautiful view of the courtyard. The location was also superb and I will definitely stay at the Hotel Royal again on my next visit to New Orleans.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Corey-SF
<Content>DO NOT stay at this hotel - or any Melrose hotel This hotel (and the Melrose group as a whole) took my security deposit pre-Katrina when I made my reservation ... due to Katrina, the hotel was closed and I was informed that I would receive a full refund. This has not happened, they have not returned calls or any of my emails. I will be logging a complaint with the Better Business Bureau and warning everyone I know not to go near any of the Melrose Group hotels!  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>toplessz
<Content>what a relief let me tell ya. I was so relieved when I finally checked into Hotel Royal. I read all these reviews that people wrote, and I thought oh God what did I do this time. When I checked in, the girl at the counter was nice enough. She tried to help me with the luggage, I have alot, thank God the grounds keeper came along. I was up on the second floor. Which reminds me, there are four floors here, and no elevators. so if you have health problems like bad knees, or if your getting up there in age, keep that in mind.the room was nice, for my budget anyway, I stayed in rufino 15. nice room. its wasnt the biggest room. But it was clean and it had the basic amenties that i need. I was there for 3 nights, and my room was serviced everyday. the down side, there are always down sides. first my room location. the third floor, kinda up there for me, remember I said no elevators, I guess I could have requested a room on a lower level. the staff was sparse, dont fiqure since everybody left for the storm. But the staff that i dealt with was very helpful.Hotel royal is in a great location. right in the middle of the french quarter. which makes walking to any location really easy. If I come back to new orleans again I would stay here, and I would recommend this place to anybody.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tosajohnsons
<Content>What a charming place. We WILL stay there again!       In the courtyard of the Hotel Royal  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>To stay or not to stay...... I looked at the reviews prior to making the reservations, but decided to take my chances. And boy was I relieved when I got there. I was greeted by the nice girl at the desk. She was very helpful in assisting me to my room and making sure my stay was comfortable. Even though the hotel is still recovering from the hurricane, it was a pleasant place to stay. I look forward to another stay here.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kansas59
<Content>Not as Terrible as Anticipated - Would Return After booking this hotel (for March 24-27th) and then seeing the reviews (mostly bad) I must admit I was a bit nervous. But upon returning home, I think it's only fair to give some additional feed-back for anyone else who is considering staying at the Hotel Royal.First of all, I was told in advance by the front desk staff that they had limited support staff and that there wouldn't be anyone at the desk from Midnight to 7:00 am (possibly due to post-Katrina effects, I noticed a lot of hotels and restaurants were short-staffed). Hopefully this will change as situations improve throughout the city.The pluses: Great location and price and I was able to check in immediately upon arrival (10:30 am). Even though the room wasn't ready they had it cleaned asap. Room #16 was an attic room so many stairs...but again, knew that in advance and I live in a 5 flight walk-up in NYC so it wasn't that daunting. My room was quite large (Queen/Deluxe), as was the marble bathroom with Frette towels - quite nice. The TV and phone worked fine as well. Did I mention that everything was white...makes for difficult constant cleaning but it wasn't a problem. When my alarm broke the night before departing (they didn't have wake-up service) they seemed surprised that there wasn't one in the room. However, they brought one up to me immediately even though it was quite late and even set it and tested it to make sure it worked correctly.Some minuses: It was odd that there were no lamps by the bed (or any other lighting in the room). If you were reading at night you had to go to the end of the room to turn the light out. The doors to the bathroom were strangely tiny considering it was a well-sized bathroom and there was no shelving to put toiletries on. Without anyone at the front desk during the early morning hours there was no one to leave my card key with or call a cab as we had discussed the night before. Fortunately, I had a travel book on me and was able to dig up a cab company phone # and managed just fine.As a previous poster mentioned, the numbering of the rooms is a bit odd but I lucked out with having someone help me carry my bag and show me to my room. All in all, if I were on a budget I would consider this place again and I found the staff to always be extremely helpful and gracious - when they were around. However, if you're used to having a lot of amenities then this might not be the place for you.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not so hot Stayed at the Hotel Royal on March 22, 2006 after seeing the pics on Expedia. It looked lovely. Booked a room with a jacuzzi tub for $115/night. Got to the hotel and found it was nothing like what I expected. The lobby was very small and dingy - it's only used for checking in and out. I was told my room number and was given cryptic directions to the room (turn right, go past 2 flights of stairs, go up those stairs, turn right, go to the next set of stairs.......). Needless to say, I couldn't find the room (plus room numbering is not logical - room 21 is not near room 22 or 20). Had to go back for directions. I was on the 3rd floor. There is no elevator, so it was quite a hike in high heels with a 50 pound bag to get to my room. There are lots of noisy guests. There are poison baits in the hallways. When I got to the room, I immediately started looking for roaches. Never did find one fortunately. The room was quite spacious, but the room amenities were very limited. The chair and ottoman were both stained. The bathroom did not include the jacuzzi tub. There is no high speed internet if you're traveling on business. I wouldn't stay there again for business. But if I were on a strict budget and needed to be in the F. Quarter, I could stay here if needed.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a dump! Do not stay at the Hotel Royal. We certainly won't be going back there! When we arrived, our room had not been cleaned and we were told that they weren't expecting a check-in that day. Our reservations had been made months earlier. The sheets on the beds did not fit, so we ultimately woke up sleeping on the dirty mattresses. Yuk!! None of us walked on the floors without shoes the entire week. The bathroom was disgusting. The sink had broken loose from the wall, we had no shower curtain, and the floors were incredibly dirty. A stench came from the kitchen, and we supposed it was from the water that backed up into the sink, when we showered or flushed the toilet. We had to call for towels everyday.How many times did we ask to speak to Buddy, the hotel manager? We finally concluded that Buddy is a phantom, for he never got back to us about our complaints. Many of the employees are incredibly rude. Our complaints were met with eye-rolling and grunting. I can't believe this place is still in business.We love New Orleans and we will return, but we've already booked accomodations at another establishment.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again! We were in New Orleans for Mardi Gras. This was the only hotel with a balcony room available that I could find for that particular time period. We rented one of their best suites. In spite of the terrible reviews it received, a five day minimum stay for Mardi Gras, and $300 per night, we took our chances. Mistake! The jaccuzi tub was unusable because there was no water pressure, the floor was so dirty I would not step on it without shoes, no mattress pad on the bed - only a loose sheet, one motel size bar of soap and one shampoo for the five days, we had to beg for towels, and the desk clerks were detached from all of this. We discussed leaving two days early, even though it meant loosing our money. Believe me, don't stay here. Why would a corp. with other fine hotels present something like this to the public? Another company could possibly do something with this property.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Delightful and Romantic!! We stayed at this hotel with friends. We decided to spend about $50 more per night, but our room was spectacular, while theirs was average or below. Still, even they were satisfied with the stay because they saved money and the location was ideal for our tastes. Really a wonderful hotel, but don't spare the expense. It's worth every penny!!!!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Management is rude and you better not plan on any rest, day or night This hotel was recommended by my daughter, who had a wonderful stay. What we experienced was very different. Every footstep, every voice echoed throughout our room, day and night (we asked for something quiet when we booked). Even in New Orleans you have to recharge sometime; forget it at the Hotel Royal. My wife was so exhausted after three days we could not wait to leave. On top of that, we tried to contact the hotel manager to change rooms or leave the hotel. Forget it! Buddy will not talk to you. He will only communicate through the front desk clerk. The hotel was apparently too full for us to change rooms but he would not let us escape his grips. On top of this, they charged our entire stay to our credit card before we arrived and did not give us a receipt when we left. Finally, when we arrived, the desk clerk was asked to call a tour company to let them know we arrived. This did not happen and we lost a morning waiting for a tour that did not happen. You will notice many of the reviews complain about poor customer service; it is true.There are many wonderful places to stay without subjecting yourself to Buddy's form of Southern hospitality!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Scamming People The hotel has stolen $5,000 from us. My fiance and I made a verbal reservation for our November 2005 wedding. The hotel staff said we had until 30 days before the wedding to cancel our reservations. When I attempted to cancel our reservations, with more then 7 months notice, the hotel manager said too bad and refused to reimburse our money. The hotel manager was rude, insulting, and disrespectful and the desk staff said that this is not the first time she has seen this from her manager. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dirty, unsafe, and overpriced Our group of 7 had stayed at the hotel 3 years ago, when it had a shabby-chic charm about it. It's under new management now, which was unbeknownst to us when we booked (a non-refundable full deposit was required). What a shock to see what it had become! Here are some of the particulars: dirty bathrooms, almost non existent daily cleaning, rental of an apartment that looked more like a crack den than a hotel; walls that are so thin that you can hear everything in the room next door, and more. There was a theft from one of the rooms during our time there; management was not very responsive. Please spare yourself the disappointing experience and book somewhere else in New Orleans. This hotel is the worst, and they won't refund your money, so you're literally stuck there. Buyer Beware!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>sprinter11s
<Content>Guh-Nasty!!!! This was my third visit to New Orleans and we thought we would get a little more of a local flair staying at the Hotel Royal. The location was fine, but the rooms have to be the nastiest I've ever seen...We requested a refurbished room and were told they were sold out. The room we received was room 19 (this is a warning). First impression: The room number was written in pencil on the side of the door. It was on the second floor and we had a balcony, but it overlooked a large air conditioner that blows hot air up at you and it's next to where they put the trash - Nice...The room itself was small and incredibly run-down. The floors were old wood that had been painted, but I don't think they've seen a mop in a long time. My feet literally got dirty walking on the floor. The shower barely trickled out - My wife was saying come on baby to the shower, and she wasn't talking to me!!! TV was 13 and it is mounted near the ceiling - Don't plan to watch tv here.I guess this place would be a good Mardi Gras hotel, if you can't get into any where else, but there's a lot of better hotels in the French Quarter and you don't have to spend that much more. We'll go back to New Orleans next year, but we are definitely not staying at the Hotel Royal.We went with the couple in the preceeding article, and I swear their story is true. We didn't want to change rooms, because we thought it could get worse!Different things to things to do in NOLA: Take the ferry over to Algiers, cool bar there and you get a nice view of the Quarter. Go to Krazy Korner on Saturday afternoon. They have 3 for 1 drinks (not a huge deal since bottle beers are $6), but a band plays and on our weekend it was a Zydeco band - Different music, but really cool. Go to Mothers after 2:00 - Food is great, but lines are long before 2:00. Order a small Ferdi or split a regular - It's way too big for one person. AND of course, go to Tropical Isle for the strongest drink in New Orleans - The Hand Grenade!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>YUK!!!! Please don't stay here! My husband and I just got back from New Orleans today and actually this is the first review I've ever written. I felt so strongly about this place - I was compelled to warn other potential travelers. If you are lucky enough to get a 'rehabbed' room - it is not bad. We asked for a redone room when we checked in and were told all had been reserved. Unfortunately, the overwhelming majority of the rooms have not been updated and they are dirty, and gross. We stayed three nights at this hotel and we had three different rooms. Night one - we stayed in a tiny, tiny, disgusting room. Stained carpet, bath tub didn't drain, sagging mattress, sloped floor. This room was on the 1st floor and upon returning from Bourbon St. we discovered a pool of water in the bathroom - the ceiling was leaking from the room above. We requested to be moved to another room. They moved us to a rehabbed room and it was nice - then they broke the news that we were only allowed to stay one night there and that our third night at the hotel would be in yet another room. The third room was in the attic, no towels, no hair dryer, bathroom was scary and I wore my shower shoes at all times in this room. The carpet was stained and also had cigarette burns, a window air conditioner made a lot of noise all night. The night before we checked out I called for a 4:15 wake up call and was assured that the front desk is staffed 24 hours a day. I told the front desk clerk I was counting on someone calling me because there was no alarm clock in the room, he said, no problem. Well there was a 'problem' because no one called @ 4:15 and when my husband and I raced downstairs from the attic with all of our luggage to meet the airport shuttle I asked the clerk why he hadn't called us @ 4:15 - I saw our names on the wake up call list. He didn't even really respond but instead grunted at me. I do not go to the French Quarter to sit in my room and I consider myself a seasoned traveler - but this place absolutely did not meet the bare minimum in accomodations. Don't do it.  
<Date>May 22, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>atineb3
<Content>it's really too bad... we just stayed at the hotel royal in the french quarter in New Orleans...the location is great, and the renovated rooms are nice (although missing some amenities). But the hotel is not well run. The front desk clerk, Thomas was incredibly rude to us coming and going, and everything in between -- he seemed completely overwhelmed by the hotel being full and was not helpful in any way. It took the staff until 4:30 in the afternoon to make up the room -- and the chambermaid speculated that our duvet cover had not been changed in awhile, which is exactly what you want to hear. All in all, next time I'm in the city, I would try to find another hotel.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What do you people know My friends and I stayed there this past March. Before leaving we had all read the remarks on this link and thought oh jesh what did we do knowing we were leaving in a few days we all panicked thinking of us being in a place we had never been, and thought the worst. Well upon our arrival, check in was a breeze, we had help carrring our luggage up the 2 flights of stairs. All 3 of us girls had just gotten off of chemo, so the help was welcomed. We then slowly opened the door thinking the worse. But to much of all our surprise, the place was spotless, tons of towels, it was great. What are you people complaining of??? The clippity clop of horses as they go by your room????? The next day fresh towels arrived at our door, same thing happened for the rest of our stay, when we would go out, we'd come back to find everything cleaned up. The room was close to everything and at night there was NO noise to be heard,(only us laughing at the fun we all had) No, we werent drinking at all, remember, we were all recovering from chemo. I'd stay there again in a heart beat.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel! We stayed three nights at this hotel and were very pleased. We had a ground floor room, so we heard little noises throughout the night (high heels clicking, etc) but otherwise had no problems. The staff were consistently friendly, the towels cleaner than my own at home! My sister stayed on the fourth floor, however, and there is not an elevator at the hotel, so it was a bit of a hike up the stairs to her room after a night out on Bourbon Street. Great location, wonderful service, highly recommended when you are in the New Orleans area.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time We had a fine experience at Hotel Royal over New Year's eve weekend. Super trendy and cool interior design and a great private balcony over St. Phillip street easily make up for the smallness of the room that we stayed in for 3 nights.They have a charming courtyard, excellent location, and my girlfriend had a very romantic time at this Hotel. Plus, there's a great breakfast spot (Sun Cafe) right under the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very pleased - I think it's about your style I made my reservations for Hotel Royal before discovering the highly critical reviews here. I became so concerned that I considered cancelling my reservations. I am SO glad that I did not. We stayed in a King Suite and could not have been more pleased with the accomodations. The Royal is not a chain hotel, to be sure. But it is everything I would expect accomodations in the Quarter to be - old, revised, and slightly rustic. It's a vintage building with modernized face. The decor is basic but very stylish. The bed was absolutely heavenly.As for location, Royal and Phillip is a great corner to be on. It's far enough away from the crowds to have a peaceful night's sleep, but not so far to feel wary on the late night trek home. Right across the corner is a great coffee shop with breakfast items as well. I would be remiss if I didn't mention that Royal Street Grocery is just a few blocks down the street from the hotel, serving great crawdads for under $4 a pound - the best in the quarter, in my experience. I can't account for all the negative feedback I have read here. I would guess that tastes and expectations have a lot to do with it. I'm also thinking that the sanitation issues have more to do with WHEN you're staying there than anything. We found the housekeeping to be very responsive. Bottom Line: If you prefer upscale rooms and pampering, I would shy away from this location. But if you like painted floors, high ceilings, big airy rooms in a vintage location, I'd definitely go for Hotel Royal. I know I will go back.Cheers!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't wait to go back! What kind of fools think they're going to stay in a French Quarter Hotel and get a good night's sleep? Give me a break! When you're one block from Bourbon and just a few from EVERYTHING else, don't plan on resting. If you want to rest, don't go to New Orleans! You don't go to the beach to snow ski! We loved our rooms - #11  #12 - the Master Suites with Jacuzzi Tub. We got a great deal through Kathleen and had great service from her as well as the other staff. Great coffee in the lobby to get the day started. The balcony overlooked Royal and had a small parking lot across the street which gave us plenty of privacy. There wasn't another balcony staring us in the face. Hotel Royal is all about location. Our rooms were remodeled and nice. The bed, sheets, and all of the pillows were great! The rooms could have been a little cleaner, but the building is about 180 years old, so you have to expect a few imperfections. Another couple changed at the last minute to a smaller room for half the price. It was really small, but still had a marble bathroom, king bed, and flat screen TV. They'll get the master suite next time, but only because of the size of the room and balcony. The only thing I'd change ... I'd go during Mardi Gras!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Please Do Not Stay - Most Atrocious Hotel in New Orleans Please do not stay at the Hotel Royal in New Orleans if you wish to have a pleasant stay!!!! The hotel's Web site is misleading about the accommodations and customer service you will encounter, and you may not be able to cancel your reservation once you have made it. There is no customer service at this hotel. Please do not trust the hotel staff as they will not provide you with the correct information in making your reservation, will tell you that your room has amenities that it does not, and will not tell you if there are problems with your room or address problems as they arise. We arrived at the Hotel Royal to accommodations that were not what we had reserved. We were told that there were no additional rooms that we could be moved into and that we could not cancel our reservation or obtain a refund. We were told that if we wanted to be moved to another room, that we would have to pay $325 per night to have these accommodations - but then we were told that these accommodations were not available. We had been assigned the handicap room on the ground floor (Room 18). It is a cramped room with stained carpet and walls and looks nothing like any of the rooms on the Web site. In addition, the air conditioner leaked onto the carpet so the carpet was wet. The hotel staff did not address this problem and we were provided with no other accommodations. Also, the thermostat for the air conditioner is actually in another customer's room so we could not adjust the temperature for our room - which is problematic when you are trying to get a good night's sleep and have no air. I have never, ever stayed in a hotel that has as much lack of customer service, absolute negligence, or lack of management as the Hotel Royal. If you want to spoil a good trip to New Orleans, you know where to stay...  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Royal Treatment I have read all of the things about this hotel and I was scared to make a reservation. My friend swares on this place, I called and booked. The room I booked was a junior suite, the room was amazing it had a balcony over looking St Phillip St. This room was 1 year old and the price was very cheap compared to the bigger hotels with nothing great about them. I will now tell everyone about this hotel. Ask for a renovated room and you will be very happy. Great staff and location.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware After reading reviews about this hotel I canceled my reservation....less than 24 hours after I had made it. They WILL NOT I repeat WILL NOT refund your credit card. Their insane cancelation policy is buried somewhere on their website. I have never heard of such an unfair policy in my life. They charge the entire amount to your card and NO refund.I checked on other hotels in N.O. and none of them have such an unfair policy regarding refunds for cancelation. They have ruined my vacation and I haven't even gotten there yet!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extremely dirty My husband and I stayed in this Hotel from the 17th-19th of february. When we saw our room for the first time I thought there had been a mistake. Clearly housekeeping had not yet had a chance to clean the room, as it looked as though someone had just crawled out of bed and thrown the dirty, very very stained sheets back on the bed. The carpet had clearly not been vacuumed and the bathroom was absolutely terrifying. There was something floating in the toilet, the sink looked as though it would fall off the wall and the tub/shower looked like if you used it you would come out dirtier than when you went in. I opened the dresser drawer to find someones old shorts. There was also an awful ordor which we couldnt identify at first but quickly realized it smelled of urine. We luckily had a plug in w/ us. We complained to the front desk and were told the room had already been cleaned but they would send someone up. My husband and I went out for a few hrs, only to return and find the room not much better, but at least nothing was floating in the toilet. I would not have been so upset but we were assured to have a remodeled room when we called prior to our arrival and this was clearly not remodeled. I went to make a pot of coffee in our room only to discover the coffee pot had been left on for who knows how long, Also the second day the housekeeping staff removed our towels from our room and didnt give us new ones, when I asked for new ones I was met with a harsh response of our laundry guy didnt get the laundry done and these are my last two towels. I told him I would have reused my other towels, thats why I didnt throw them on the floor but his attitude was such that he really did not care. We stayed in the Holiday Inn French Quarter for two nights on our trip and it was much much much better than this hotel, granted its a chain hotel,but at least it was clean, I would never recommend the Hotel Royal to anyone, not even someone I didnt like.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Re-booked for 2006 My husband  I have stayed at Hotel Royal for the past 2 years for Mardi Gras! The first year we had a courtyard room which we thought was too small, but adequate. This year we stayed in a Junior Suite which was very clean. The room had a new bathroom and the bed was extremely comfortable. Our only complaint was that there was no chair in the room, although there was a couch/bench at the foot of the bed. We have already reserved our room for Mardi Gras 2006 along with a room for friends who will be going to thier first Mardi Gras.  Being on Royal Street in heart of the French Quarter is great and convenient for a clean bathroom. It is understandable that there will be street noise, but we didnt' find that to be a problem at all.  We look forward to returning in 2006   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel, shmotel Royal? Are you kidding? We notified the desk we wouldn't be arriving until 2am b/c of the drive. Upon arrival, our reservation no longer existed. Granted, the weary, kind woman at the desk made sure we did have a room. The room was huge, but seriously unclean. Saggy beds, dirty couches, dirty floors, scary bathroom... They DID give us our last night for free and moved us to a nicer room. Again, promising a 3 person jacuzzi hot tub, as they did before. Note to hotel writers... a garden tub is not a 3 person jacuzzi hot tub. I just want to understand how hard it is to loose reservations or book a decent, clean room. We didn't even have to pay the full rate... if we did, well, it wouldn't have been pretty. At least Community Coffee was right across the street, and we were pleasantly woken each morning by the clippity-clop of the horse-drawn carriage tours. Wonderful area, dubious hotel.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>French Quarter treat! We just stayed at the Hotel Royal and had a wonderful experience. Our original room had a slight problem and we were immediately upgraded. The rooms were clean and had a wonderful French Quarter feel that may not have been appreciated if they were located in any other city. The staff was very friendly and very helpful. If you are expecting a run of the mill type room that could come from any major chain, then you might be disappointed. But if you want to feel apart of the French Quarter, then I highly recommend Hotel Royal.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>False Advertising Just stayed here for the Sugar Bowl, and what a disappointment. The place was NOTHING like the website suggests. The room was a disaster. It was in the attic, which would have been tolerable, except that it had not been cleaned from the previous occupants. Trash, dirt, drinks, you name it, and it was all over the room. I should have checked out of this hotel immediately. The only positives were the location, and the fact that I got a refund on my money for the first night since I had to bunk in a trashed room. Maybe I would have a better opinion if I had not had such high expectations from the website.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Should be called royal dump This hotel is a complete dump. The owners of this location should be forced to stay there for the night. Then when they get scabbies they may clean the place up. I was definately victim of the old bait and switch. There are only TWO rooms in the entire hotel that look like the photos on the website. The rest look like a bum just moved out. I would not stay there under any circumstances. We left and went to a real hotel. I feel very sorry for those people who are forced to stay there. DO NOT stay here. Sleep in Jackson Square. It has the same ammenities and it's free!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Warning about the Hotels Website I just returned from a 4 -day trip to NOLA and stayed at the Hotel Royal. We searched online and from the hotels website booked the hotel. Great price and location.When we arrived at the hotel, the room we were given was a total dump. After complaining to the front desk, we were moved to a different room and were told the room we booked was the one which have not been remodeled. The website was totally misleading. Do not book at this hotel until you have confirmed with the hotel your room is one of the remodeled rooms. The room we moved to was decent, but small. I would stay here again, but not in the first room we were given.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Change for the better I stayed at this hotel before due to the low internet rate and I returned because of the location. The last time I stayed here I had a very bad experience with the manager. At this time I would like to thank upper level management for acknowledging my complaint because she wasn鈥檛 there. Secondly, there was a great improvement with the towel situation. I鈥檓 so happy that these corrections were made, because the rooms and the hotel is so beautiful.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It Was Great! I took my fiance to New Orleans for his birthday and the hotel we usually stay at was booked so I got a room at Hotel Royal. The price was great and the location even better. I will say that the room was SMALL, but very clean. It was charming and quaint though. I personally liked the atmosphere it had, like the courtyard and the brick wall in the room. It was a little noisy, but nothing you wouldn't expect to get anywhere else in the quarter. I have stayed in a few other hotels in New Orleans, and will go back here from now on. The staff was courteus and helpful, but a little slow. My only negative remark about this hotel is the parking! The lot is small and rather expensive. I complained about it and they comped by parking. Other than that, I would recommend staying there. Just keep in mind that most places in the quarter have really small rooms and inadequate, expensive parking. But who cares... Your in New Orleans... Go have a drink!!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the royal treatment at the royal Needed a weekend getaway, and the staff was there to see to our every needs. It made our weekend.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the new Royal Hotel My wife and I were in town recently for a small convention. We found the website for this hotel and others at www.melrosegroup.com and booked a room at this property because of its location to all the french quater fun. We were not disapointed at all. The room was large with a modern european look. The location was fabulous just outside all the action to be quiet but close enough walk to anywhere. Check-in/out were fast and the services that the front desk set up for us in making dinner and swamp tour reservations was a great bonus since were were pressed for time. After looking at this site we were a little aprehensive but our fears we calmed by the new staff and great newly completed rooms. We will definitely be back!!!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Negative reviews on this site is true! Beware of this hotel!!!!!!! Yes they seem to be renovating but there is only like two rooms done. The regular rooms are like disqusting and sad. Small bed , small tv, small room no extras terrible. Staff rude as hell and that is probably because every person that checks in has a complaint and is ticked off because of the way the rooms are and No elevators so be ready to walk up about 5 flights of zig zag stairs. Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else dont make the mistake of booking a room at this place .TRUST ME!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than expected! I must say that prior to my arrival I was extremely nervous about my stay at Hotel Royal. I made and paid for my reservation before reading the reviews and after reading earlier reviews I tried to cancel my reservation. I kept a postive outlook and decided that I would deal with the room if there was no alternative. Upon our arrival at Hotel Royal we were greeted by an empty reception desk. It was after 11PM so I wasnt terribly angry about this. We waited about 15 minutes before someone showed up. When someone did show she was very apologetic about not being there. That was comforting because so many reviews spoke about horrible service. The check-in was painless. We were given our room and escorted to it. My first complaint.....no elevetor. We did have to walk 2 flights of steps with very heavy bags. However the front desk attendant was kind enough to help us with our bags. We made it the room and I breathed a sigh of relief......it was really nice. I will agree it was tiny, no closet (theres a tiny armoire to hang things in), no drawers, but it was definitely remodeled and clean. The bathroom was very clean we were given clean towels everyday and housekeeping came everyday. I've stayed in a lot of hotels and I won't say it's one of my favorites but it wasnt bad at all and definitely not like the reviews in here make it sound. Especially considering that you're not in New Orleans to stay in your room. Bourbon St is 2 blocks away....Canal St is a 10 minute walk. There are tons of places to eat in the area and just in general too much to do! The location is excellent! As far as the rooms are concerned....we stayed in a remodeled room. I've learned from previous experience that you always want to go for remodeled, ALWAYS. We didnt stay in a suite...it was just a regular room with a queen size bed, it would be ideal for 1 person or a couple. The rates are definitely reasonable and in general if you're not expecting 5 star quality and you're in New Orleans to enjoy the city you will not be disappointed at all. I would definitely stay at the Hotel Royal again.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid this Hotel Where do I begin. First, they claim to have remodeled the rooms which also includes a plasma t.v. well they should have spent the money on cleaning the place. The T.V. is about 13 inches which is about the same size as the stains on the sheets. The staff is extremely rude in fact, they tried to charge my credit card for a day in which I wasnt in town..Well the bottom line is that my wife and I left the hotel within 5 minutes and stayed at a much better place...do yourself a favor avoid this trap it is a DUMP  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>djackson1908
<Content>Great Location and Room/Horrible Service I stayed in his hotel for 3 days. The room was nice but extremely small. They named it a junior suite, but it was a standard room (hence, don't pay for the suite - it's not worth the extra money). The service was extremely poor from the time I made the reservation until the time I checked out. After speaking with the hotel manager I quickly understood why the rest of the staff was rude. I guess it's a trickle down effect. I will never stay there again because of the service, but if bad attitudes don't bother you and you want a good location in the Quarter, it's worth a try.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>daveandcarrie
<Content>a NOLA / FQ heads up! If you want a big room and 5 star service, go pay $200 - $300 at one of those high class joints in the quarter. If you want a place to store your luggage, take a shower and a nap during the day while you party your @$$ off all night... get a great rate here on a great location, safe place, and good staff. THIS IS THE FRENCH QUARTER PEOPLE! It's not a resort area. If you have misconceptions about what you think a room is in this town, don't go. You people will be disappointed with anything.If you spend enough time in your room to complain like the people on this board, you're not enjoying NOLA the way you should.The Hotel Royal is a great quarter hotel!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cross it out of your list Don't stay here. Horribly expensive; rude, inattentive personnel; quaint remodelling of an old French Quarter house that lacks the minimum you would expect for the price they charge you a night: no elevator (climb 3 stories up), no porter help (now climb those 3 stories with all your luggage), and narrow balconies to top it off. True it makes for great pictures for the web or Cond茅 Nast, but when you go down to it, our room, one of their best, had electrical outlets only in one of the walls, broken curtain guides, NO water pressure, tiny area for the commode, small hanging closet, no drawers, only one tiny table (ice bucket diameter size), and, of course, no service for anything. It is so close to Bourbon Street that the noise is with you until 3 or 4 in the morning. Unfortunately I had prepaid it because of complete booking of all the hotels of the city for the ASCO convention. If not, I would have been out of there in a blink  
<Date>Jun 11, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RobinsDawg
<Content>Good Service, Great Location I was scared after reading the reviews on this site but decided to go ahead anyway. We stayed in a queen regular room ($95/ night), room #15, and was pleasantly surprised. Room was small but very clean. Staff was very courteous and the room was cleaned every morning. (No problems with a lack of towels). The big draw for this property is definately the location which is as good as it gets. We plan on returning next Memorial day and requesting the same room. One negative was the lack of storage space but that is the least of my concerns when going to New Orleans.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a hole in the wall Stayed here April 2004. What a hole in the wall. Room was filthy, no pillowcases (just shams that I'm sure were drooled on many-a-time), TV cord didn't reach outlet (well the wall outlet was black with soot so maybe that was for the better). Took 2 days to get an extension cord to plug it in another outlet. Finally got pillow cases. By then, I had had enough! The last straw was a roach nearly the size of a chihuahua in the bathtub (ok, that is a SLIGHT exaggeration, but it was a good 3 inches long.) I went right to the front desk to get directions to the nearest internet cafe so I could find a deal on Priceline and get the heck out of there! Staff is slow to react. Hotel owner doesn't return phone calls. Service is definitely lacking. I paid for 3 nights but checked out after 2 and went elsewhere (and the extra cost I incurred was well worth it!) Website pictures are VERY mis-leading - perhaps there is one room renovated but I sure didn't see it (nor did 4 other friends in other rooms of the hotel). Inexpensive lodging is one thing - a roast infested hell hole is another. The only thing positive I could say about this place was the location. Of course what good is that if it's a hell hole! I'd stay away if I were you...  
<Date>May 13, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definitely will return  These reviews can't be of the hotel my husband and I just left. This was our 5th anniversy we stayed at the Hotel Royal and LOVED IT! From begining to end. A big change from you've seen one hotel you've seen them all chain hotels. The decor of the hotel lobby was unique  beautiful our room was gorgeous, hardwood floors, jacuzzi tub and a balcony over looking the French Quarter which was only 1 block from BOURBON ST. We always had towels and the staff was pretty nice. We Definitely will return to Hotel Royal.   
<Date>Apr 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Could have been better for the price Most of the reviews about this hotel are correct. However, we never were without towels. The room was small but relatively clean, no dresser for clothes. Bathroom was also small on the surface its was clean however upon further inspection was in need of a good cleaning.I think the maids just did a once over with Lysol wipes. Scary thing is we did not notice any smoke detectors. There was not one in our room or one we noticed on our floor or the floor below us. We never interacted with the staff except to check in and check out. Considering that I paid almost $600.00 for a three nite stay here, I think I expected a little bit more. Loved the location. The experience did not ruin our stay just gave us more reason to see New Orleans and only come back to the hotel when absolutely necessary.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2004
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you book the Royal, have a back-up plan! We were not given the room that they described to us when the reservation was made telephonically. Our room, number 19, had a gay porn DVD in one of the few drawers that was not painted shut. There was a scorch mark going up the wall from the electrical outlet and the tiny TV's extension cord was stretched across the room at eye level. The balcony was a little ledge over the oily exhaust from the restaurant below. There were no hangers. The bedspread and bathtub were dirty and the floor was sticky where it wasn't splintery. There are other rooms that appeared nice. However, I would advise you to be wary of them as well, especially if rain is forecast. We told the front desk that our room was unacceptable and the response was incredibly rude and NOT helpful. We were eventually moved to a sister hotel, the St. Helene. Again, this hotel seems somewhat inconsistent in its offerings, but the staff was more willing to make our stay as pleasant as they could. The word on the street in New Orleans is beware of the Melrose Group of hotels. You can't be guaranteed a bad experience, but then again, you can't be guaranteed a good one, either.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zoesmom
<Content>Absoluetly disgusting We were told by the reservationist at the hotel that there was a two bedroom suite that would be perfect for my husand, my two children and myself. I have never seen a room more filthy and disgusting. My children are 7 months and 2 1/2 and I wouldn't let them walk in the room without shoes on. I called management to complain without anything really being rectified. There was gunk hanging from the fans in every room and one of the beds had a huge sink hole in it. I would put my dog in this room which we were paying $375/ night! The suite has a balcony overlooking the French Quarter, but a complete hazard with small children as they could have easily fallen through the rails.The kitchen and bathroom were horrible with stuff growing in the refrigerator and the bath wasn't much better. Our bathroom had 1 towel and 1 washcloth. Perfect for a family of 4. I was horrified to have to bath my children in this tub.I would not recommend this place to ANYONE and still can't believe that they would rent this room to anyone especially people with children. Gross, gross, gross.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, solid hotel I had some hesitation when I made this reservation, but hotels were scarce for the weekend we went.We arrived in the evening and it took a while to get checked in, etc. The lobby is very avant-modern but the front desk clerk was fairly efficient. We had to go up a couple of flights of stairs to get to our room, which is in the remodeled part of the building (the hotel is made up of multiple building all encircling a common open-air courtyard).I have to say we were pleasantly surprised by our room! We had a two room suite with a balcony that opened out to St. Phillipe st - you couldn't ask for a more romantic set-up! Each of the rooms had a flat screen tv, and we had a very well-appointed marble bath. In addition, we had a great bed and central air, which was key since it was fairly warm.Our complaints are fairly minor - the 'continental breakfast' is non-existent and I wouldn't count on it to replace breakfast. However, you are in New Orleans, so you should be eating out anyway! There is a very good coffeehouse literally across the street from the hotel so you can easily dash out and grab a cafe-au-lait when you need it. The room isn't terribly well sound-insulated, but the street the hotel is on is quiet (especially compared to Bourbon St!), so the occasional car noise or horse carriage wasn't bad. In our room the closet was very small, so I wish they gave you more storage. Finally, you do get tired of the stairs, but it's not a huge deal.Overall, this was a good experience. The hotel met our needs - the location is great, it has a lot of the New Orleans charm (balconies, courtyard with fountain), and the suites have a lot of room to just lounge in. I think a lot depends on the room you get - our friends got a room also in the same hotel, and theirs was much smaller (however they had a whirlpool in the bathroom).  
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Location, servicable, but Stayed at the Hotel Royal for Mardi Gras, 2004. Had some reservations staying here after reading the reviews, but decided to try it anyway, since I had already paid for the stay. A great location in the French Quarter, but I have some problems with the place. Nothin near as bad as some of these reviews make it sound, but note-worthy.Here's the low-down: The hotel is a converted set of houses bunched around a central courtyard. Nice fountain. The room I stayed in was a Junior Suite and appeared recently rennovated. No carpet on the floor, but otherwise clean. The bathroom was nice but there was little water pressure. Furniture was sparse. Just a bed, 3 tables, and bench at the foot of the bed. No dresser, but there were some shelves in the closet. I poked my head in some of the other rooms nearby as they were being cleand and they all looked similar. I was in a third floor room in the front part of the hotel, so I don't know what the rooms in the back were like. Also, there was no elevator so the walk up got a little old after a while. I know it was Mardi Gras, but it seemed the rooms weren't well sound proofed to other interior room. I frequently could here entire conversations.Housekeeping was typical hotel staff, not very social, but they did their job, if a little too loudly early in the morning. We did get new towels every day but one and when I called to get more, was told that the maids had given out the correct number of towels. Didn't know what that meant and had to make do with the old towles, which isn't a problem, but a little unusual.Be leary of relying on the Hotel for a wake-up call. I think its a manual system, and I didn't get 1 of 2 calls I asked for.All in all, the place was servicable. Wasn't there to spend a lot of time in the Hotel, so what I got was accpetable and it was very convenient to Bourbon street. I don't know if I would stay there again, but I could if I had to.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A complete Turnaround Absolutley wonderful!!!! The renovations made at this Hotel have made a world of difference from the Rue Royale. They now have 16' Plasma tvs  hardwood floors throughout the hotel. I do not even have this at my home. These old reviews about the Hotel Royal, should all be voided. This hotel is absolutley fanastic.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware, the worst Inn Ever! The room was disgusting. The floor was caving in and bodily fluids where all over the bathroom! It was the most depressing place I had ever been. I cried the whole time I was there.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2003
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't stay here! When we checked in, there were 6 other groups waiting... no clerk in sight. After about 20 minutes, someone show up. The rooms are dirty and unkept. We had no towels in the room. After asking several times, finally at 11:30pm we got 1 towel for the whole room. We were going to stay two night, but decided not to go through that again, so checked out the next morning. Of course no refund, even though the reason we were not staying was because of the service. $240 down the drain. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't make my mistake! I have read the reviews of this property albeit too late. I have just returned from a stay at the Royal Inn. Unfortunately, I must agree with the majority of trip advisor users. This was the worst hotel experience of my life. That includes an overnight emergency stay at the TravelLodge in downtown Chicago, where some of the rooms MUST have rented by the hour. This property is filthy. The staff is uncaring and/or inept. I'm not sure if they even have an on-site cleaning staff. I certainly never saw any while I was there, and my room was never cleaned. The shower was dreadful. The trickle of water was unbelievable. I kept waiting for the pressure to build, but it never did. I'm suspicious that the review about the upgrade to a master suite is a planted posting. Unless they didn't post for a long time after their trip, I was just there (late-Nov) and saw no evidence of any improvements being made. MANY are needed !  
<Date>Dec 4, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Welcome To My Nightmare! Management cancelled our two rooms less than 24 hours before we were scheduled. They put us in their sister hotel St. Helene but not with the same accomodations (balcony, two beds, kitchen) that we paid dearly for. I fought over the phone and after we got there, our rooms had at least a balcony and a kitchen but they were in separate buildings - we weren't all together. And the kitchen was useless - there was nothing in it... pots, plates silverware - nothing. We were there five days and our room was cleaned ONE time and that we had to ask for. And then, she made the bed over the dirty sheets. DO NOT STAY HERE - IT WAS OUR WORST HOTEL EXPERIENCE EVER!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xsdv8
<Content>unbelievable We have been staying at the Rue Royale for years. It used to be a quaint Inn with an acceptably shabby ambiance that you come to expect and even desire in New Orleans. With new management, it has become a NIGHTMARE!!! We decided to brave the unspeakably tacky lobby renovation due to the fantastic location of the property and visit as a group to celebrate a friend's birthday. We booked in July. On Wednesday NIGHT before we were to arrive on Friday morning, we got a call informing us that our rooms had suffered a water leak and our reservations had been cancelled. They refused to help find other rooms, basically telling us that they were sorry, but managements decision was final. NOLA was booked for the timeframe (1 day in advance) so we had to cancell our trip. The nicest thing I can say about the management at this point is I hope someone catches them in a crosswalk, so their new nickname can be Speed Bump  
<Date>Nov 7, 2003
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>BAD MANAGEMENT! AVOID! Twice I have booked rooms here and had them cancel on me at the last minute...once 24 hours before arrival with a party of eight! Refused to assist with finding another room...gave numbers of their other hotels which were all booked. Manager would not return call. VERY RUDE!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BillsMaryland
<Content>Check out the Bus Station or Park Bench This place is the PITS!!! Avoid it at all costs, even to the point of checking out space in the Bus Station. Totally disorganized- expect to change rooms daily. Rooms are dirty, no trash cans, leaky showers, stained rugs, dirty bed covers, etc., etc. The pictures in the ad don't resemble reality. AAA really slipped on this property. A real damper to a beautiful city. STAY AWAY!!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Week of My Life!!! Avoid this hotel at all costs! Travelers expect a few niceties when on the road. This is what you should NOT expect at the Hotel Royal: working air conditioner, clean floor, working lights, fresh towels, shower curtain(!), working clock, trash can, working appliances, quiet surroundings, etc. While we booked our room six months in advance, we had to shift rooms at the hotel three times in as many days because they're not capable of managing a hotel. Beware that the owners of the Hotel Royal (The Melrose Group) also manage the Melrose Mansion, the Hotel Ste. Helene, and the Rivers Inn in New Orleans!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

