<Author>Cliff0rd
<Content>Nice Property, But Falls Short of Perfection My gf and I spent a Saturday night here courtesy of Hotwire. On the whole, we thought it was a pretty nice property. The guest rooms and public areas are in excellent condition, as one would expect for such a new hotel. Desk, bell, and valet staff were courteous and efficient. Room was large enough, with a very nice bathroom. It's not the most convenient location for the tourist centers like Quincy Market, but the setting right along the waterfront made for a marvelous sunset walk.Just a few quibbles: I have to agree with Riverspot's comments about the sliding window between the bathroom and bedroom. Every sound does indeed travel. This was a truly unfortunate design decision. The digital phones have an online directory that is tortuous to navigate. It must have taken me at least 5 minutes to find a way to call down for another robe (there was only one in the room). And when I finally did find the right menu item, no one answered the call after I let it ring for two minutes. I tried again later and someone picked right up, and the robe was there when we returned to the room several hours later.Finally, although the TV was high-def, none of the channels were even digital, much less high-def. The picture quality on some of the channels was pretty bad.Overall, this was a very pleasant stay and I would recommend the hotel. However, couples should be aware of the sliding bathroom window issue.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>JCMass
<Content>Beautiful Hotel in a great location Decided to go into Boston overnight to enjoy the First Night fun. We only live an hour away. The hotel was running a special rate during the holidays. We enjoyed a water view room, that was new and beautiful. Lots of high tech features with the lighting and, flat screen TV and our name and a welcome on the phone screen. The pictures of the room and incredible bathroom on the internet site do not do it justice. We visited the Institute of Contempory Art, ICA, which is within walking distance. You can see the Children's Museum also a close walk. We ate a Legal Seafood's a 10 minute walk away. A heavy snow storm started in the morning, which cut our stay in Boston short, but it was enjoyable. We stayed at the hotel for breakfast, the weather convinced us not to go out. It was good but very pricy. This is a beautiful hotel in a great location, and a special get away.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>BufIreland
<Content>Did not live up to expectations Booked this hotel as it was new and looked lovely, however on checking in, the hotel had no record of our booking even though we had confirmation email and had pre paid, staff were very much under pressure and we were not the only guests that this happened to. Left us waiting for 1 hour and when they eventually found our booking we were told our room was not ready and to go off and that they would phone us when room ready. Returned 2 hours later (no phone call) to find room was ready and had been for some time!Rooms were large and modern but nothing out of the ordinary. Phoned reception the next morning to see if we could get a later check out time only to be told by a v rude lady there was no available even though she didnt even check.Got water taxi to Logan airport just outside the hotel which is a fantastic idea takes about 10mins.Overall v diaappointed with this hotel, has the potential to be better if they ironed out a few problems.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	5	1	2	-1	

<Author>Riverspots
<Content>Beautiful decor marred by design flaws       Infamous sliding bathroom window over tub.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Essie16
<Content>Nice rooms, but you pay for everything Pros - This hotel is beautiful - from the lobby to the rooms, everything is chic and modern. The bathrooms are spacious with huge shower stalls and soaking tubs. Nice flat screen TVs and comfortable beds. The location is also good. Although there isn鈥檛 much in the immediate vicinity, it鈥檚 a couple of blocks from South Station and a short walk from Fanueil Hall, Downtown Crossing and other shopping and restaurants.The front desk staff, bell staff and generally everyone who works there seemed to go out of their way to be friendly and helpful. The only exception was that service at the bar tended to be slow; it seems like it鈥檚 a very popular after-work spot for locals and gets very crowded. Cons - The food and drink at the restaurants and bar were ok, but very expensive. It鈥檚 annoying to have to leave the hotel and walk a few blocks every time you want a snack and don鈥檛 want to end up paying $20 minimum. It鈥檚 also a little irritating when you ask the front desk or concierge for a place to grab breakfast and the only place they can think of is the very expensive hotel restaurant, when there are a number of Starbucks, Dunkin Donuts, and delis in the area. Given the room rates we were paying, I couldn鈥檛 justify paying even more money to eat meals in the hotel.Also it is not a good hotel for business. The 鈥渂usiness center鈥?is just two computers tucked into a corner of the tiny gift shop/mini-mart, with printer, fax, etc. behind a counter staffed by a somewhat surly staffer. If you have your own laptop, wired and wifi internet is available but is not free, even in the public areas ($15 for 24 hours). And they charged me more than $17 (aka 鈥減ackage processing鈥?fee) to receive one Fed Ex package that was shipped to me. All of this left a somewhat bad taste, for a five-star hotel that touts its business services. It appears that the operations of the business services is contracted out to Penfields, but still, at $400 / night for some rooms, it seems petty to nickel and dime guests for this type of stuff.It is a very nice hotel with nice rooms, but overall, a bit overpriced for what you get.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	4	4	3	4	1	

<Author>hotelducap
<Content>Beautiful and peaceful The lobby is striking and modern. The rooms are beautiful and peaceful with a large lcd tv. The bathroom was a dream with a shutter that opened to the bedroom so you could see the light from the window. The decor is so clever that the light curtain matches the look of the office buildings you can see from across the street. The french bistro served a fantastic breakfast although it was expensive. The room has a great desk with plug ins for all of your computer equipment.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>risottoqueen
<Content>Intercontinental Boston lovely but improvements possible The Intercontinental is a striking hotel both inside and out. The lobby is lovely with Murano glass scattered throughout. Comfy sitting areas and a fire place make it inviting. The rooms are decent sized and comfortable but the bathroom is extraordinary. There is a huge bathtub plus a glass shower stall and lots of marble. There was noise that could be heard from adjoining rooms. You may find that the view from your room is of an adjacent construction sight. The spa area was disappointingly small with very little in the way of amenities but I enjoyed a wonderful massage by Iris. The location is within walking distance of the World Trade Center, South Station, the Blue Line Aquarium subway stop, the ICA, Fanueil Hall area and the North End. Valet parking is pricey at $40 for 24 hours and you should call ahead 10 or 15 minutes before you need your car. There seemed to be a shortage of personnel at the hotel when I arrived on a busy Saturday. There was only one person at the front desk checking in a line of guests. There was no one manning the bell station, and when I arrived at the spa, I waited several minutes for someone to appear at the desk. I enjoyed my stay at the Intercontinental but improvements need to be made in order to justify their room rates.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>wee_burd
<Content>Nice notel. Great location We really liked this hotel. We got a great deal direct from the hotel website. The room we had was massive and the bathroom was amazing. Although I really did not like the sliding window between the bathroom and bedroom ..... but that was just me.The location was great. South station is only a few mins walk away from the hotel. In the other direction, you have a 10 min walk to the restaurants down at the aquarium.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>fergo
<Content>lovely hotel but.... The Intercontinental is a lovely hotel.The restaurant  bar are exceptional.Just problem while i was there in Oct.There is a building site to the right of the hotel,where many of the rooms face!So noise can be a problem.Also the front of the hotel faces the Boston fire Dept.That was very noisyon 1 of the nights i stayed there.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>LMMM
<Content>Impressive Decor - Terrible Service At check-in I was greatly impressed with the hotel. Of course with a $400 price, the hotel should be top notch. The room was lovely, spacious and comfortable looking. As soon as I arrived in the room, I called guest services to request that the down pillows and down comforter be removed from my room due to allergies. In addition, I requested hypoallergenic pillows, blankets and asked that my bed linens be completely changed due to down contamination. The hotel responded immediately and sent someone to bring the pillows, blankets, take away the comforter and linens. I asked when the new linens would arrive and the person said soon. I needed to leave for a meeting and then a late evening. Upon my late return to my room, I found my bed WITHOUT linens but the blankets were made up over the mattress pad. No sheets! I was appalled. Surely any budget hotel could do better than that. I phoned guest services immediately and they just couldn't understand what happened but apologized and sent someone to make up the unmade bed. I asked to speak to the manager on duty but only got a front desk clerk. I asked that the hotel manager contact me the following morning. I received a voice mail the following day from a housekeeping manager assistant who apologized. The excuse was that due to language, somebody misunderstood. What hotel staff person who speaks any other language thinks that a guest wants an unmade bed without linens? For $400 a night for 4 nights, I really expected something more than an excuse. It is apparent that they don't expect guests to return.As it turned out the bed after all that commotion was quite uncomfortable.It was a very disappointing stay. If you have any problems, don't expect anything more than a simple apology from the front desk. They won't let you talk to a manager. Perhaps there is a language problem with the managers as well. :)The LIP service did not match the hefty price. They offer lip serice but no genuine service.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	4	1	3	

<Author>gojanicego
<Content>Nice, clean hotel, great location Nice, clean hotel. Great location. Took a water taxi from Logan, a quick 5 minute ride for $10. Clean rooms, nice tub and seperate shower. Great restaurants and bar in hotel too.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tengohambre2
<Content>Good, not great We recently stayed for a long weekend at the Intercontinental Boston. It is a good, very modern business hotel. However, it is not up to the standard of other five star hotels in Boston and other major cities.The hotel's design is well done, open, modern and bright. The lobby is a bit stark. Rooms are well done. Bathrooms very nice. Beds not that comfortable, surprisingly. We were upgraded to a suite and it was huge, with windows that went on forever. Very nicely done, but not ultra luxe, frankly. Good views to the canal and the airport in the distance. We could have lived in there for a week, easily.Yet, it isn't a warm and friendly kind of property. The service is somewhat distant. I guess that is fine for a business traveler, perhaps, but, I think if you wanted to you could check in, spend a couple of days, and check out, and have no contact with any hotel employee, except maybe for the on the ball bellmen. The check in desk was crowded and the concierges seemed a bit inexperienced. And, at the rates they charge there was no turn down service at night. While you might think that is no big deal, it should be. When we asked about it on check out we were told, it is available on request. In a five star city hotel such service is standard, not on request. All in all it is a solid choice, with a good location for touring and modern bright rooms. Yet it is not super luxe if that is what you are looking for. Of course, Boston was great.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>schmevelyan
<Content>Perfect base for visiting Boston       cityview room  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>JFHOUSTON
<Content>Questionable Experience Arrived around midnight after a 4 hour flight. Was told the hotel had a maintenance issue and they would have to find another hotel for me. Another gentleman had been waiting 20 minutes when I arrived. Did they have to wait until I showed up to find a room?Finally, they found a room at the Holiday Inn Express - Woburn, Mass. 1 hour commute back into town in the morning. Paid for the taxi out but not the taxi back. (my meeting was accross the street. from the Intercontinenal.) My compensation - Free drink coupon for the bar. (Honest)Expected Premium Service from the hotel. Very DisapointedYou take your chances with this one. Not recomended for out of town travellers arriving late at night.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	5	5	2	3	3	

<Author>jkelly86
<Content>Fantastic Experience, Great Location The hotel is beautiful, and in a great location (close to the South Station T) and a short walk to Government Center. Our king room was 400 square feet, and had a wonderful soaking tub. We found it very relaxing, and spa-like, with a comfortable bed and great service. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KatieinBoston
<Content>Great atmosphere, low on business service on weekends The Intercontinental in Boston is at a suburb location -- close to train systems and the center of town. Lovely views and well-appointed rooms. Service on the weekend we stayed was spotty. On September 20 (a Saturday night) late night room service was punctual and the food excellent. Retrieval of the mess took a while. When we made a toiletry request at 11:00 PM, we were told that there was a 7-11 down the block. On September 21, the Business Center, which was supposed to open, was closed, and remained closed even after we went to breakfast at Miel and returned at 9:00. The concierge tried to accomodate us, but was clearly frustrated that no one was available to help us. As business travellers, it was important that we be able to use the business center in light of the financial happenings of the week, even on a Sunday.Overall, the experience was very nice. It would have been nicer if it were not a working stay.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	3	2	

<Author>sassii
<Content>Superb hotel The InterContinental is a great hotel - I love the modern decor and the lobby is spacious and welcoming. The location is also great - walking distance to South Station as well as restaurants and bars. We probably could have walked to the North End, but it being December it was freezing!!! I loved the bar in the middle of the lobby (named Champagne something). Our room as excellent - well appointed and the bathroom was amazing! It had a huge jacuzzi tub and had that spa-like quality to it. I would definitely stay here again next time I am in Boston.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>UkMuse
<Content>great location Booked as part of the virgin fly drive and what a great start to the holiday. Great location, on the waterfront. Boston's shopping centre, park, aquarium etc are all within walking distance. room was stunning. Food great and service excellent. It's not cheap, but then this is Boston! Just a shame the rest of the hotels virgin picked for us (superior package) weren't up to this standard.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lola209
<Content>Nice location; poor value Booked this hotel for a family 60th anniversary celebration. Very comfortable place for the parents, but then - they didn't need to pull out their wallets. (Restaurant offers two eggs over easy for $22, for example, and $14.95 internet access)Although I like the location (easy to drive to, easy walks to sites of interest, water taxi to Logan Airport off the back dock), I was surprised at the lack of small conveniences like no place to buy bottled water if you arrive after 10 p.m., and the complimentary coffee service in the lobby always had empty carafes, with no one about to fill them. There is coffee two blocks away, but still - a place that books itself as 5-star joint really should attend details that the humblest Marriott Courtyard provides as a matter of course.For future special occasions, I'll look instead to places like the Boston Harbor Hotel, where premium rates and location mean that no guest detail is left unattended.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	5	4	2	3	2	

<Author>mbsparkle6
<Content>Nice Hotel I booked this room through hotwire for Labor Day weekend. I got an exceptional price and this hotel turned out to be just fine. It was in a great location (relatively close to the airport, walking distance to all of boston ... night-life, south train station, north-side, China town ,etc). I didn't have the nicest view from my room (construction), but for what I paid, I didn't care. The gym was really nice with the latest equipment. The bar downstairs was always happening. Overall, a good experience.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Arielle71
<Content>Loved the intercontinental       Outside view from the riverside walkway  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>sloopiek
<Content>The Intercontinental; Great home base for visit to Boston Another great deal from Hotwire got us this room for about $210 per night (incl. tax). We knew going in that the parking would be stiff, so I posted a query here on Tripadvisor and was given some great advice. Parked the rental car a few stops down the subway line in Quincy and took the train back to the station just two blocks from the hotel. Saved $35/night and parking was in a secure, monitored structure in a nice area.The hotel was spectacular. As this was our first stop in a 2 week vacation driving around Massachusetts and New York, it made for a very hard act to follow. The lobby area is simple but very elegant, the valet attendants and bellmen were very courteous. The front desk clerk made arrangements to place us in a quiet corner of the 8th floor when I mentioned that we had a couple of very light sleepers in our group.The room was clean, beautifully furnished, and huge. The beds were incredibly comfortable and the sheets, pillows, linens, and towels were all of superior quality. Over the four days we were at the Intercontinental we called down for extra towels a few times and the housekeeping staff responded immediately. The room service charges were standard for a premium hotel in the city, so we passed on room service. We did avail ourselves of the exercise room/pool area and spa a few times during our stay, and found these to be first rate. The mens spa included a large steam room, and the locker room was very upscale. The indoor pool (and the room in which it resided) were beautiful. Very relaxing. The location was on the south edge of the hub, right against a canal just off the harbor. We were only a short walk from Fanueil Hall and downtown shopping, a little farther walk from the Commons. We caught the subway for longer trips, and that worked out very well.All in all, we were very pleased with this hotel and it proved to be a great value for the money.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CharlotteTravelDuo
<Content>Great Room, Close to T station, Walk to North End and Downtown We had a great experience at the Intercontinental during our recent staty in boston 8/23-8/23. I've traveled to Boston several times on business - and i ususally stay in some really old Hotel - and while the rooms are nice - they feel really really old.The Intercontinental is different - new(er) hotel - rooms are very modern, bathrooms are large and I'm guessing some rooms have a great few of the water - though ours had a view of construction next door - yet the room itself was great. Location is great - you can walk out the back of the hotel and be right on the water. Out the front you are on the greenspace created by the Big Dig - such an improvement - so easy to walk around now. Go left a couple blocks and the South Station is there - easy trips to MIT or Harvard. Go right and you can cross over to the North End. Straight across puts you into the city - quick walks to Fanueil Hall, etc and not that far to get to Boston Commons - which is very beautiful. We walked all the way to Back Bay for dinner one night - was wonderful.Service: Our service was wonderful - from the friendly doorman to quick and professional checking - our room was clean on arrival and maid service the next day was well done. Our only complaint was the pay-per-view movie system rebooted 2-3 times during our movie - we decided to give up on the movie and had a some difficulty explaining to the front-desk that we weren't going to pay for the movie. But this was resolved to our satisfaction.Overall - a great stay - I will definetely stay here the next time i travel to Boston.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>sreg46
<Content>Certainly not a home away from home... Sterile feel. No doorman, but impeccably tailored employees with fine European accents. Very business-like attitude, but no sense of any real human connection to the customer. Will nickel and dime [more like dollar] you to death. $5 for a bottle of water. No coffee or tea in room for those who might be looking for it. Understand, however, if you're an early riser, that there was free coffee in the lobby from 5 until 7 a.m. If you crave a burger, you can get one through room service, but be prepared to pay a $5 delivery fee plus 15 or 18 percent gratuity, causing one 10 dollarish burger to go for around 17 bucks! Hopefully, you don't have too many hungry children tagging along. Business office was down a narrow hallway. No room: just two chairs in the corridor, one in front of a pay phone, and the other where you could sit in front at a computer, where a minimum of 15 minutes of use could be had for $5. If the price was right, or you were desperate, had to then proceed to front desk to buy a card to use computer. However, believe there is in room wifi, if you remembered to bring along your laptop.Beautiful solid wood doors in room; marble baths with deep tub and separate shower; very comfortable bed. The view i had was of a demolition site; altho, other rooms did have a much more picturesque view.Lacked that personal, welcoming touch that i had mistakenly expected at such a high-end accommodation.Think i'll try the Ritz-Carlton next time i'm in Boston.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	5	3	2	1	

<Author>vacationqueen33
<Content>Really Nice  Nice Hotel stayed here when it first opened a few years ago. The room is very nice. Great bathroom with separate shower and deep soaking tub. Bed very comfortable, large flat screen tv, long desk with all the ports you need for your computer etc. The room has all the amenities you will need but you will pay for everything, so do not stay here if you're not willing to spend on the extras, internet, parking, etc. The hotel bar was hopping. The only grip I have and it is a big one, was that the hotel check in was awful. The room was booked by my boyfriend with his credit card but under my name, and even though he had all the confirmations, and showed his credit card info they would not let him check in until a manager spoke to me. Well the manager was very helpful and checked him in after I confirmed everything but if they had called me 10 minutes later I would have been a plane and well he would have had to wait a few hours for me. We are busy business people and travel all the time. This has never happened before and well quite frankly for such a highly rated hotel I am surprised the front desk gave him a hard time in the first place. So I think it's important someone at the Intercontinental figures out a solution to this issue.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	1	2	5	

<Author>Iroxa
<Content>Love the hotel location I stayed at this hotel in August 08. It is a great hotel; it is very clean, and it is at a great location. Located about a block from the South Station, a 10 minute walk to Fanueil Hall and china town. The only complaint I have is that the service is just ok for a luxory hotel. The staff are a bit surly, I asked for all of the surrounding attractions brochure at the concierge desk and the woman wouldn't give it me! She state that I need to give her the specific attractions or tell her what I like to do. I mean, come on, its a luxory hotel, and you couldn't just take a brochure from each of the attraction that is on the shelf and hand it to me? Plus, the room service people did not replenish everyday things, like the Q tips, and never changed out the broken phone or the broken hair dryer that I requested. They did bring a great coffee maker for the room. Overall it was a good experience and I would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>Scobio
<Content>Had a great time.... I stayed for five nights and can't fault the hotel. Fantastic rooms and friendly/helpful staff. In a great location for the financial district and within walking distance to all the main sights. I actually felt sad when I left!!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>79Rome
<Content>absolutely AWESOME This Hotel is absolutely AMAZING. A great deluxe Hotel. Room was amazing, comfortable and big. Bathroom with both tub and shower. Conveniently located close to South station and the Financial district of Boston (close to the main attractions).loved the Rumbar and the sushi restaurant!! Staff was nice and service excellent.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ccahill
<Content>Luxury on the waterfront I loved this hotel. We stayed two nights for half the standard price by booking through Hotwire, and it was worth every penny. The room was huge with floor to ceiling windows on one wall. The bathroom was also huge--with a large shower stall and a tub. They have a pool and a spa on premesis, as well as two restaurants and a bar.This hotel is located right on the water, and has lounge chairs and tables surrounded by plants and flowers that is perfect for reading the morning paper, or just sitting outside and enjoying the day. It's extremely close to South Station, and an easy walk to both Quincy Market and the Freedom Trail.The only thing I would NOT recommend is drinking at the hotel bar. We didn't try the restaurants, but the bar was ridiculously expensive and even the bartender commented on that. Unless you really want to drop a lot of money, I would plan on getting food and drinks elsewhere during your stay.I would definitely recommend this hotel, but sometimes I felt like it was just like any other big city hotel. If you're looking for something unique, this is not it.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>ELL
<Content>Perfect Boston location We stayed for 2 nights and it was a great experience. The hotel is a short walk to many tourist attractions (Freedom Trail, Aquarium, North End) and also close to South Station. The hotel and staff were excellent.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>occasionaltravels
<Content>Great deal but some dissapointments We ended up getting a great promotional deal for the weekend which was half the normal rate. Despite the savings, it lacked hospitality and warmth. I feel like you couldn't blink without being charged for it. There was no coffee maker so we had to order coffee as room service which cost $20, parking cost $39/night, expensive internet rates. The pool was only open until 8 and was only 4ft at its deepest. On the positive side though, they upgraded our room to harbor view for our special occasion which was priceless, and the location next to south station and walking distance to all the major touristy areas like the aquarium, north end, and quincy market were all key. I would recommend parking around the corner over the bridge though, plenty of meters and cheaper lots. Also, make sure to eat at Barking Crab next door to get the full Boston seafood experience, since the food at the hotel restaurants are overrated and overpriced. In the end, it's the kind of place catering to the all-expenses-paid business crowd rather than families and tourists, so it normally wouldn't be worth it at their average rates.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	2	2	4	

<Author>Hardscrabble34
<Content>Wonderful Stay We had a great stay at the Intercontinental at a great rate, booked through the hotel's website. Room was elegant, clean, and comfortable, with a nice chaise longue at the foot of our King bed. The whole room was set up to look out across the canal (harbor view) including sliding partition windows from bathroom. And yes the bathroom definitely got big points for the large soaker tub and separate glassed in shower. The service was nice and attentive. At check in there was only once terry cloth robe hanging in the bathroom. With a simple mention to concierge on our way out the door there was a much plusher second one waiting for us on our bed when we returned. The waterfront terrace seating was great for breakfast, and the bar was hopping on Saturday night.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Thundergirl990
<Content>Gorgeous hotel!       The beautiful patio with flowers on the harbor side of the hotel  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Roadtrip66
<Content>Beware the construction       Room with a view  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	2	2	3	

<Author>LuxuryPreferred
<Content>Nice with a few oddities This hotel is exactly what I would expect for a higher end chain in terms of cleanliness, service, decor, etc. A few negatives and positives stood out though.POSTITIVESThe conierge was great. I really liked the email ahead option to help us plan our trip. They found us tix for a Yankees vs Red Sox game at Fenway. They booked us a car for a day. They provided us with tickets for sightseeing tours.The Rumba bar was a hip and happening place, unusual for a hotel bar. Lots of locals as well as hotel guests. A fun place to start of end a night.The food in Miel was great, especially the Sunday brunch. Being open 24hrs was a bonus too.Bed was comfortable. Linens awere nice enough.COULD HAVE BEEN NEGATIVE, BUT HAD HAPPY ENDINGWe were unhappy with our first room and a request to move was accommodated. We started in a room that was facing a wall of plastic covering a construction project. We were worried about the noise in the early morning and asked to be moved. We got some push back from the front desk initially, but they relented and moved us in the end. We ended up in a room on the 11th floor facing the city (the fire hall). This was fine. It was a corner room so lots of windows and natural light and neighbours only on one side. We were able to check in at 10am. Although, I would not have expected anything less because we had actually paid for the previous night and were unable to use it due to a missed flight connection. When we asked to move rooms we were told we would not be able to check in until 3pm and that there would be no guarantee. It took some time to explain that we should be able to stay in our current room and move later because we had technically already paid for the night, even if we didn't arrive until the morning. All I wanted was to freshen up after more than 24hrs of travel then head out sightseeing. In the end this was accommodated. However, the process to get there was a bit painful.NEGATIVESThe service in Miel, the restaurant, was TERRIBLE. At brunch we were greeted by a waiter who explained the brunch menu to us and then actually said he wasn't our waiter and walked away. As he did this I was in the middle of asking for a drink and he turned and said he supposed he could do that for us even though he wasn't our waiter. Then somehow he became our waiter, but basically ignored us. I eventually got up and asked the hostess to either get us a waiter who wished to wait on us or to move us to another waiter's section. We got the same waiter, but he was obviously told to smarten up. The service improved, but still wasn't great. However, it should be noted that the crepes (both sweet and savoury) were fantastic.We ate at Miel late at night (just past midnight) one evening. Again, the food was fantastic. The service was slow and frankly painful to watch. The restuarant had about 5 occupied tables and two servers. Between then they couldn't determine who was doing what and as a result we waited for bread, for drinks, for everything really. The food preparation was slow for such an empty restuarant. Surely they would realize that what people want at that time of night is a quick bite, not a lingering meal.During both instances in Miel we noted that the wait staff dragged their feet (literally shuffled around), spoke at a barely audible level, and seemed annoyed to be asked to do anything for you.The business centre is a corner of the convenience store and the hours are not clearly marked. The computers face out so all the customers can see what you are doing.The room didn't have a hotel information book so it was hard to determine what the amenities were and what the various hours and costs for certain amenities were. When I asked the front desk told me that they don't put these books in rooms. This was frustrating as I had to look everything up on the TV and it was slow.The bell hops and door staff were great until check out day when we actually had to step onto the road and hail our own cab.The sliding frosted glass windows that link the bathroom to the bedroom were a terrible design flaw. Fine if you are in the room alone, but with a partner to meant that all activity in the bathroom was easily heard by the person in the bedroom. There is a gaping hole at the bottom of the sliding windows so any bathroom odour leaks into the bedroom. Also, when you get up in the night (or are the first to wake in the morning) and turn the bathroom light on it completely illuminates the bedroom and disturbs your partner.FINAL THOUGHTSAll in all we enjoyed our stay. There were a few elements that could have been imporved.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>daisydreamer
<Content>Fantastic Place We stayed at the Boston InterContinental last August/September and all that we can say is WOW! It was a wonderful place. The staff were so attentive, the rooms clean and tidy with the most fabulous bathroom and view. This place really made our stay and is probably the BEST hotel that we have ever stayed in.We would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JAC22
<Content>InterContinental Boston - Great stay I was travelling on my own so concerned to have a comfortable and safe hotel and didn't want to be in a busy downtown area.The Boston Intercontinental exceeded my expectations, the room was one of the best I have stayed in, very comfortable, the bathroom was superb and the room was always very clean.I was expecting the hotel to be away from the centre as it was one of the reasons for booking this particular hotel, but was pleasantly surprised how well located the hotel is - just a couple of minutes walk to a main station (for transport all over the city) five minutes walk to the main harbour area (for boat trips etc) and a short walk to the main tourist attractions.The food in the restaurant was excellent quality.If I had to make a criticism it would be the reception staff who did not appear to be very friendly, but as I only encountered them on check-in  check-out wasn't really a problem, other staff around the hotel were friendly, ie housekeeping, room service  restaurant staff.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>CobraKai
<Content>Fine The rooms are well done...they are nice and well appointed without being silly and overly stylized. The bathroom was a very good size and my wife was impressed with the large tub. The room was cleaned every day without issue. We could not be more pleased with the room. I was also surprised at how good the location was. I haven't been to Boston in a couple of years, so I didn't realize how walkable that area is now. South Station is just a couple blocks away and Fannuel Hall is just a short hike in the opposite direction. Haymarket, North Station, the North End are all easily accessable on foot. The bar was sort of a strange scene...kind of a forced-faux-trendy thing that honestly looked like it belonged in Orlando more than Boston. We ordered food off of the late-night menu and were genuinely impressed. The service, however, was adequate, but not actually good. (Our server clearly had somewhere else to be.)Reception was definitely just ok...as was the Bellman. We also had a weird exchange with the Doorman who told us he could get a cab to take us to the Airport for $25...I flagged my own cab and it cost $17...weird.The hotel itself was pretty perfect. We got a great price, and were pretty pleased all around. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>afrutoz
<Content>Hipster Intercontinental We stayed at the Boston Intercontinental on a Monday night in July. We have stayed at the IC in Atlanta and I like the IC properties. The IC in Boston is just gorgeous! Gleaming modern d茅cor, two incredibly hip hotel bars (RUMBA and SUSHI TEC) and rooms that are really gorgeous. If you want young, hip, and modern this is your place. I enjoyed the bar scene there so much I ended up going back with a friend the next night even though we had moved to a different hotel for a business conference. The rooms are spacious and have some very nice amenities such as small reading lights on the bed and a door that slides open to the tub. We paid extra for the club level. Note if you stay at any IC property they always offer you an upgrade club level at check in for just a bit more money. Sometimes, as in our case, the front desk folks forget to offer the upgrade. We reminded them as we checked in and got the upgrade for only $50 more. I feel the club level is worth a bit extra as it entitles you to drinks, hot appetizers at night, bottled water, juice etc and a fairly large breakfast. In fact, at both the IC鈥檚 we have stayed in the breakfast buffet included in the club lounge is exactly the same as the one in their main restaurant.I do have some minor gripes about the Boston IC. When we arrived no doorman was there to help us with our baggage. We found that the service across the board was friendly but young, slow and inexperienced. For example, I ordered an expensive bottle of champagne while I sat in the outdoor patio area which is clearly set up as part of their bar. The waiter was very nice but young. He didn鈥檛 know the price when I asked, he took at least 40 minutes to bring out my champagne and complained that he was the only waiter working this large area. The concierge in the evening at the club level couldn鈥檛 even recommend a good Italian restaurant when asked鈥ello? What exactly does a concierge at the club level do if they can鈥檛 even answer a basic question like that?!? If you are trying for a world class hotel that caters to top executives and business travelers, they are going to expect veteran service by well informed and trained staff. The Boston IC is really lagging in that department. We did not get nightly turn down service as we normally do in the Atlanta property, our room had some minor issues (lights burned out, phone not working) that further made me feel service was not what it needs to be. If the IC Boston gets their service up to par they will have a really great hotel on their hands鈥f you are someone who likes a lively lobby bar screw the service issues this place is a blast!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>4	2	5	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>rlbintegrity
<Content>Great Rooms The rooms at the Intercontinental Boston Hotel are on a par with the best luxury class hotel rooms, such as Four Seasons and Ritz Carlton. The only thing this hotel lacks is the level/quality of service and attention to the little things. The rooms are fantastic. Spacious, well designed and very comfortable. The bathrooms are even better. Great tub and a separate shower; both with great fixtures. The sliding window between the bath and room is an innovative design that we enjoyed. But here is an example of a little thing that separates the great hotels from the very good. The IC linens are a 60/40 cotton/poly blend. Why not spend a few extra bucks on fine quality 100% cotton sheets? Other reviewers have made points about there not being a coffee maker in the room. I can live with that....Ritz Carlton and Four Seasons don't have coffee makers in their rooms either. I was glad to find complimentary coffee available in the lobby on Saturday (between 5:00 am and 7:00 am). However, when I went down on Sunday morning, I was told we don't put the coffee out on Sunday. Why not? Another little thing that separates the great from the very good.Some other pros and cons.Pro: Nice outdoor area on Boston Harbor with an outdoor restaurant and benches for relaxing. Con: Music from outdoor restaurant was annoyingly loud.Pro: Great Location: Close to South Station MBTA, easy walk to North End.Con: $39 overnight parking. Tip: If you are there on a weekend and don't need your car, skip parking at the hotel. Drive cater-corner to the hotel to International Place. $9.00/day covered parking on the weekend and after 4:30 on Friday.Con: Most (not all) of the front desk and just about everyone else we encountered were not overly friendly. Not rude, but certainly not warm. Just sort of disinterested.Bottom Line: We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at our Priceline rate. Had I paid rack rate, I might not feel the same way.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>familytraveller32
<Content>certainly not 5 star! We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in June, my husband and I and 2 children and experienced some hiccups. Although We got a good rate through their own website for a harbour view room and had pre paid. I expected it to be the highlight of our holiday not the bad experience it turned out to be.On arrival we were told a harbour view was not available as they had all gone and we could have a deluxe room ( all rooms are classed as deluxe ! so they were hardly offering an apology) and complimentary breakfast for 2 the following morning so two of us missed!! After complaining strongly and refusing to budge, miraculously a room became available even though it was after 7.00pm.We encountered problems with the internet connection it disconnected several times each time resulting in a long telephone conversation with the IT people to be reconnected. We were re-imbursed 1 days internet use but it was very annoying. As I had paid the rediculous price I at least expected to be able to use it.On the first full day on return to the room after sightseeing all day ,it had not been serviced. As we arrived the turn down maid was entering the room she seemed surprised but did not speak enough english to offer an explanation, she changed the towels and gave me 3 chocolates ( there were 4 of us!!!) but it was the best she could do.When I rang the front desk they said I must have had the do not disturb sign on , which I didn't.We were consistantly only towels for 2 and we only had 1 robe and although they were supplied on request how hard can it be to see that there are 4 people in the room.One the last day they sent up a basket of fruit and a bottle of water, by way of apology. they needn't have bothered as I could have finished off the half eaten apple I found under the bed assumably from the apology fruit for the previous guests.we did use the pool and it was nice but odd there were no showers or proper changing facilities, only a communal toilet( another demand on the scant bedroom towels!!) You had to walk through the hotel wet or share the one bath robe!!We ate in the restaurant on the first night it was OK but quite pricey and barely anyone in it, sadly lacking in atmosphere.There were the other niggles others have mentioned around the valet parking thats not ,dealing with your own luggage on arrival and the coffee facilities. A couple more - I thought the beds were small 4ft 6ins at best and our curtains didn't meet by about 8 inches so at about 5.00am our room was bathed in sunlight.We asked the Concierge to book a table at a restaurant one night but when we turned up they had no record, which by now ,was part of the course.I have extensively travelled in the States and this hotel was one of 5 this particular trip and I have never had reason to complain. I know you get what you pay for but I Ihave paid a lot less and got a whole lot more!!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	3	2	

<Author>mm17nov
<Content>Outstanding hotel if you get a discounted rate... 鈥owever, if you pay the full price it does come up a little short.I spent 4 nights here over the 4th of July weekend and overall, I was very pleased with this hotel. I got a great rate of $203 on the hotel鈥檚 Web site (compared to earlier rate postings of $415 a night). For $203 a night, this hotel is a five-star gem and an excellent value. The room and bathroom were quite spacious, with tasteful, contemporary design. The gym, pool and spa are excellent. The staff 鈥?from the front desk, to the spa, to housekeeping, to the bar - was professional, pleasant and accommodating. No complaints. Previous postings mention criticisms about the lobby design being too cold and stark. I found the lobby warm, elegant and inviting. I had cocktails at Rumba (the hotel bar) with friends and it was quite crowded with young, hip people. The cocktails were great and the atmosphere fun. Also, some reviewers mention that the hotel is noisy with paper thin walls. My experience was entirely different 鈥?my room was extremely quiet, not hearing hardly anything outside or inside the hotel. It was very peaceful and relaxing. And there were people in the room next door. So, for $203 a night, I would highly recommend this hotel. However, if I paid the original going rate of $415, I would have been a little disappointed. There were a couple of minor hiccups that I was willing to overlook given the rate I paid. First of all, our room was on the harbor side as opposed to the city side. When I reserved it, it was marketed as a harbor view room. When I checked in, the front desk person indicated this was a room with a nice view of the harbor. Well鈥?not exactly. The hotel has a sort-of U-shape design. My room was on the harbor side of the hotel but my view was of the rooms on the other side of the 鈥淯鈥? Only if you were standing right at the window and peering to the side did you see the 鈥渉arbor鈥? And the view was not of the harbor but rather a canal and the buildings on the other side. So, it was misleading to say the room had a harbor view. Again 鈥?for $203, the room and view were fine. However, if I paid $415, I would have been annoyed. One other misstep was that I called the hotel prior to arriving to ask if the rooms had IPod docking stations. I was told yes. I arrived to discover that no rooms have IPod docking stations. When I mentioned this to the concierge, Marc Simoneau, he apologized profusely for the miscommunication and thanked me for bringing it to his attention.Lastly, a couple of reviewers mentioned that the lack of a coffee maker in the room was a mark against the hotel. I agree. At the very least, the hotel should have coffee in the lobby, preferably complimentary. It would have been nice to just be able to go downstairs and either have coffee there or bring it back to the room. Instead I had to walk 5-7 minutes outside the hotel in the Financial District to locate a place (which I did 鈥?a Dunkin Donuts). Otherwise, you have to go to Miel, a rather fancy hotel restaurant 鈥?too fancy if you just want to have coffee. Or, order coffee through room service, which would have cost $20 for a pot of coffee (cost plus delivery charge and gratuity included). These issues were minor because of the very reasonable rate that I paid. All-in-all, my experience at the Intercontinental was very positive. Given that I would obtain around the same rate in the future, I would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WearyTraveler-7
<Content>not bad for the price We stayed here over the 4th of July weekend after booking it on Hotwire. Good news: We saved over $100 a night. The hotel is new and has spacious rooms and bathrooms. The front desk and concierge were friendly and helpful.The pool was warm and perfect for the kids. The workout room is well equipped and user friendly.Bad news: The only problem during our stay was when we found no toiletries replenished in our room. When we called for the same and for some towels, it took over 25 minutes to get to our room. I think if you are calling yourself a luxury 4/5 star hotel, you need to be up to speed on little things like these.Breakfast: Do not eat the buffet, it is not worth the price; you are better off ordering a la carte or going outside.lastly, why do hotels insist on charging for internet access? If they made if free, people would appreciate it. Why nickel and dime over $10 a day?  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Maine1088
<Content>Great hotel My husband and I just returned from a 3 night stay at the InterContinental Boston. We booked on priceline.com, and couldn't have been more pleased at the hotel we ended up with. We decided to get away for a romantic weekend and enjoy Boston's sights and take part in the 4th of July celebration. We had a fantastic time, and the hotel just helped that experience all the more. The hotel is new and upscale. The room was great -- very large, comfy beds, flat screen tv, and I just loved the bathroom. All of it was very clean also. We were thinking that since we didn't pay top dollar, we might get one of the rooms with no view on a lower level. Nope -- we got a corner room overlooking the city on the 10th floor. It was great, with 2 walls of windows. The concierge was terrific, along with the doorman. Both were very helpful and friendly.The only small negative I would have to say is the internet cost and a problem we had with the safe. The safe was locked when we got there, and it took 2 security men over an hour to get it reset and unlocked for us. Meantime they sent us to the lobby to use one of their safes and they only had a tiny one not big enough for the purse we wanted to leave there. We ended up waiting almost 1 1/2 hours extra to go to dinner after all this, which was rather annoying when we were all ready to head out.We also didn't try out the pool, which was just a lap pool. Great for working out, but not for someone who just likes to have fun swimming in a pool. Definitely not for couples with little kids.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>traveler4k
<Content>Great place and location This hotel has a decent staff, a good concierge and is located where the Boston Tea Party happened. The rooms are spacious (I had a Jr Suite). The bathroom was pleasant and they have good amenities and toiletries.They supply you with plush robes, there is a tub and separate shower (which I like). Elevators move fast.Great gym, if you are into that. The gym is free for hotel guests and has great equipment. It is open 24 hours a day and located on the second floor. They also supply the gym with apples and oranges, which is a nice and healthy touch. You just help yourself from a basket. There is a steam sauna which I also enjoyed. Overall, the hotel is extremely nice and well worth staying at. I would definitely stay here again, but rather than a resort it is more of a business hotel (as I am sure most are in the downtown area of Boston). The harbor view is also a nice touch, but it is not out of this world to pay extra for. If you get an upgrade, it is a nice touch, but again, not really too spectacular of a view to splurge, unless it is your thing.Lastly, the hotel is the closest to Logan airport out of all the downtown hotels. You can take a taxi ($21) or the silver line public transportation ($2.00). The hotel is a couple of blocks away from the metro station though, so you may want to keep that in mind if traveling with luggage.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	1	

<Author>ovlov246
<Content>HUGE Plush rooms - you can't go wrong! Stayed here for 2 nites in June 2008 for business. Have to say it is one of the largest, plush-est hotel rooms I've ever stayed, and I've been to some pretty luxe hotels thanks to my job. Rooms were huge, well appointed. Comfy bed, nice chaise lounge at foot of bed, LARGE flat screen TV, huge desk with nice touches like 4 electrical outlets right on top. Bathroom also immaculate (I'm a stickler for mold and grime - this was spotless), with elegant separate shower and soaking tub. Most also note that the catered food (6 meals over the course of 2 days of business meetings) was definitely way above average for hotel food. Only downsides, but this is a stretch: Location is more business-district and not very near the center (eg. boston common/newbury street) but it wasn't more than a 10-15 min walk to Faneuil Hall/Quincy Market; T-stop was 7-10 mins away.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>battgirl3
<Content>If paying discounted rate~great hotel if not, stay somewhere else The Intercontinental Hotel is a new fancy hotel right on the site of the Boston Tea Party. Rooms are well decorated, clean and have a high end feel, as does the lobby, hallways, restuarants and lounges. Fancy spa area, small indoor pool, locker rooms with sauna. New fancy cardio equiptment. Your welcome to the hotel is cordial at best. They take your car for valet (about $40/day) and they will send a bellman to help you (or at least they offered one to me because I am female AND I gave the man at the curb a tip.) We were able to roll our ownbags into the hotel. There is no doorman. Just the guy at the curb and a bellhop inside the door. You just go through a large revolving door yourself. The staff at the desk was business like and didn't make you feel like most higher end hotels. Perhaps it was that we booked through Hotwire and paid a really great rate. Perhaps they just aren't warm and fuzzy. We were well dressed and certainly looked like we belonged there, but they did confirm that I had booked through Hotwire, so they knew I didn't pay top dollar. Just a note: they didn't seem to be gushing over anybody else either, so perhaps it was just there way. Arrived at the room through a fancy lobby with Anthony Quinn's artwork on display (interesting) and found the room very nice. All the things a high end hotel should have. There was no need to take pictures. They all look the same and the hotel is only 2 years old, so you know what you are getting. Bathroom was clean and nice, but we had to ask for extra towels and they must have figured that we only need ed them once because we had the same small number of towels the next day. The bath products were a strange brand, but on the last day they must have gotten their regular fancy french brand back, because we had nicer shampoo. As for linen count, I have stayed in 5 star hotels all over the world and the linens here were just fine. They were appropriate (and I am really particular) and certainly not 100 thread count as stated in an earlier review. The only bedding issue I had was that the pillows were really hard. They do have little reading lights by the side of the bed that were really great because they allow others in the room to sleep in the dark while you read!There is no turndown service (which I thought was weird) and at times when you press the button on the phone for any service they can help you with, they do not answer. USA Today delivered during the week but none on Saturday.Internet is about $14/DAY and if you have more than one laptop, you are charged per IP address. Also, if you want to use your laptop in the lobby you are charged about $5/hour. Drinks in the lobby or out on the rear patio start at about $10 each. The lobby bar gets very loud at night. There is a Sushi-teq restaurant that is tiny, but also serves drinks and sushi on the beautiful back patio overlooking the water. The area is small and if you don't get there early you just won't get seated. They take a waiting list, but people just don't seem to get up. My daughter and I tried to get seated around 7pm. They told us to come back in a half hour, so we went back up to the room. At 7:30...Still no table. We then sat in the lounge had a snack and waited. Around 9 they DID US A FAVOR and got us a seat. You really need to just stand around and hover or they will seat somebody else. It was expensive, the sushi was very American, not very good if you actually eat sushi (non sushi eaters thought it was great ~ they always like potato chips and cream cheese in their sushi :)The desserts, which came from the French Bistro in the hotel were not great. I decided the high cost was paid for a really nice outdoor dining experience on a beautiful summer night. If you want breakfast or a sandwich, room service, as anywhere, is very expensive and only OK. You can walk out the back of the hotel to the right. Walk over a tiny bridge and on the right is Finagle a Bagel and if you walk a couple blocks up on the left (I believe it was Farnsworth Street) is Flour Bakery  Cafe. They have daily specials, gorgeouscakes and the most delicious Raspberry seltzer. They make their own raspberry syrup and it is really good! Also an awesome Grilled BLT with applewood smoked bacon that is lush. You can also walk out the front of the hotel turn right and walk about 3 blocks till you see the giant American Flag hanging down at Rowes Wharf. Just past that is a little cafe (I think it was called Rudi's, but I don't remember) where you can get coffee and pastries or eggs and eat inside or out. Reviews have noted that the staff is rude, which we were expecting, but did not experience. We found the location of the hotel was upscale and safe feeling, but not a lot right there. You could walk about 10 minutes to Faniuel Hall where there were lots of expensive outdoor dining options, that were packed (again, you are paying for being outside in the middle of the action, which is fun sometimes)and a food court that I assume would be less costly. Food court and stores close between 8 and 9 on Friday nights.Other than that, we took cabs, which seemed to eat up the Hotwire savings. We could have stayed in the Copely Square area near Newburry Street and walked everywhere or taken the green line T. This hotel was not on that train line and it would have meant switching trains which we just didn't have time to figure out. If you need to be in the Cambrige are for schools such as Harvard, Mit, etc. You could get a direct train from where we were.Anyway, a cab to BU ran about $15 in each direction. We figured out if we wandered around and headed up toward Newbury it was cheaper to get a cab back to the hotel from there.All and all it was a fabulous hotel for under $200/night in Boston, but if I was paying regular prices I would pick either a better area or a hotel with more gracious service. We will be back in August and October and we will be staying someplace else, regardless of price. It just wasn't convenient enough for us.And don't think the service was subpar because it was Boston... None of the people working at the front representing the hotel were even from Boston.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	2	5	3	3	2	

<Author>Warriorjan
<Content>Enjoyed the stay Booked the hotel through AA vacations using miles. Hotel in great location for our purposes, used Red Line extensively. Travelled with 13-year-old niece. Near Silver Line, concierge called Water Taxi for return to airport. Hotel was clean, bathroom is amazing. Never had time for fitness center. Concierges and hotel desk staff were pleasant and helpful. Fire station across street kept niece up the first night. Could use better bedside lighting for reading in bed, a bit dark for me.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KBMicrobio
<Content>Cleaning Services Cost Extra??? I was in town for a large conference. This was one of the closest hotels to the convention center and I was excited that I'd be able to walk over.I didn't have the same problems with check in as some other people however the doorman did let me stuggle with the door while juggling my purse and two suitcases. Thankfully some of my coworkers and I figured out a system to get all of us through the door.The rooms are nicely decorated and the bathrooms are great looking. However when I took one of the white towels and wiped up the water that I'd dripped on the tile floor so that I wouldn't slip and fall later the towel turned BLACK, so they had obviously not washed the floor in a while which was pretty off putting. I also didn't get a newspaper for 3/5 nights that I stayed. (I would have complained but I didn't notice that it was advertized when I booked the reservation.) The sheets were so poor that I felt like I got a free exfoliation...I'd estimate 100 thread count if they make them that low. Not having a coffee maker does make the place look cheap, I was just as shocked as the other reviewers about this. I also had the issue with the minibar charges (they AUTOMATICALLY charge you if you just BUMP the stuff in there)--however they weren't so nice about taking them off. I had to argue with them to get them taken off.This was the kicker for me though. Since I wasn't footing the bill I wasn't too irritated with all of the other problems that I had...However on my second day there I returned to my room at 6pm that I had left at 7:15am only to find it NOT CLEANED. When I called down to tell them at the front desk that my room wasn't cleaned they didn't even aplogize. They insinuated that I was mistaken. As if I wouldn't know!! I thought that was rude. Once I convinced them that I wasn't mistaken I waited 30 min for someone to show up to clean the room. I was asked to wait outside in the hall...so there I stood looking like an idiot. The last straw for me was the next night I was left with 0 washcloths and had to call 2 times to get someone to come up with one...and then the guy showed up with a bath towel and no wash cloth. When I pointed out that I wanted a wash cloth he actually said, What do you want me to do about it? He did eventually come back with the wash cloth but this was now 1 hour after I first called for it. Remember this was not a call for an EXTRA wash cloth...this was to fix their mistake in the first place.Also Miel is WAY over priced--you're better off walking to Finagle a Bagel!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	1	3	1	1	

<Author>mollyanne
<Content>Great Stay at the Intercontinental       Our Room  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>uluru4
<Content>High end mediocrity Great lobby, wonderful bar, lovely room. However, the room lacked the small amenities that make a hotel stay comfortable, like a simple coffee maker, and free internet access. With places like Homewood Suites and Raddisson offering free access, why do the high end chains cheap out?The restaurant was nice for breakfast, but not worth the cost. Don't expect friendly service. Go to the Harbour Hotel next door to feel special, and spend about the same amount. Location is great for exploring the waterfront and the North End. Don't expect to borrow an umbrella if it's raining. None to be had all day long. Another small disappointment.Overall, the high end price is not worth the mediocre experience.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>CALove2Travel
<Content>Nice, comfortable stay at the IC. We got a great price for the IC Boston through Hotwire and it was well worth the value! The hotel lobby, bar and restaurant are very nice. Our room was very modern and stylish with beautiful wood accents throughout. The bed was very comfy, the soaking tub was wonderful and the flat screen TV was great. And thank you to the IC Boston for NOT charging for access to the gym! We were very happy and comfortable in our accommodations.The only negatives were charging an arm and a leg for internet access. I couldn鈥檛 believe it when I was told that after paying a large fee for internet access in my room, I would have to pay an additional and separate fee to use the wireless connection in the lobby!!! Also, something to be aware of - the hotel is in the heart of the business district. To eat at a local, neighborhood restaurant, you鈥檒l have to take a good walk, taxi or subway. There is nothing really right outside the front door. It was not a problem for us at all, it is just something to be aware of if you have never been to Boston.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Hendersongal
<Content>Beautiful hotel, but service needs a bit of fine tuning       Entry into room  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>ewrpex87
<Content>Great location for business meetings Really good location for those coming in from South Station. A short three block walk. The hotel is relatively new and it shows in the rooms. I thought my room on the city side was a bit dark, but I wasn't in it except to sleep and change.Front desk was pretty attentive. Line started forming and they slid a couple of extra employees over to help out. Typical business hotel in terms of breakfast. I ordered the Quatro Sampler which was at least a decent amount of food for the $24 price. I've paid more for less at other business hotels. They do need add some kind of express coffee service area as on way day I just wanted a quick cup before heading out. I needed to walk a few blocks out of my way to get a cup to go.I used a corporate discount which was a great deal for my company.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>khal88
<Content>Great for business The Intercontinental provides modern rooms in a great location. If you can stay here at a corporate/reduced rate, I highly recommend you try it. The rooms are very large with huge bathrooms. My suite had a large whirlpool tub, flat screen TV, and a great view of the water. I also recommend the restaurant - it's a bit pricey but the fresh seafood dishes are worth every dollar on your corporate card. It is also easy to get to from the train station.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>visi2r1234
<Content>Loved this hotel! This place is great! Extremely clean and a great deal for the price!!! I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rushrider
<Content>Luxurious bathrooms The hotel is absolutely beautiful and the rooms were luxurious. The bathrooms were amazing. I've never seen a hotel room like this before! The biggest drawback was the noise. I thought maybe I was just a bit unlucky but in speaking with my colleagues, it seems they all had rooms like mine where there is a connecting room next door. The problem is that the rooms connect in the tile hallway. You can hear everything going on in the next room (and I do mean *everything*). If I had a room without the 'adult activities' going on next door, the stay would have been perfect. I would have been horrified if my child was with me.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>stattlich
<Content>Excellent Property - Icy Service My wife and I spent four nights at the Intercontinental as part of a week long stay in Boston. This was our first stay at the IC. The facilities are fantastic. Tasteful, modern decor, artfully decorated lobby and public spaces, as well as a nice patio on the harbour. We had a harbour view corner-room, which was worth the upgrade. The room was very spacious, well decorated, had a 37 flat screen and gorgeous views.The service on the other hand was comically Icy at the front desk [maybe that's why it's called the I.C. :) ]. In fact ,overall, the service does not match the class of the facilities. This could be Boston's #1 Hotel if they could offer Ritz level service. I would not hold out for that ! Although, I was happy that when I had a pizza delivered, the IC had security escort the delivery person to my door.The hotel is a few blocks from the Silver Line which is a quick bus-ride from the airport. Unless you have a significant amount of luggage, this is a far more efficient way to get to the hotel than a limo, car or taxi. The Silver Line has a dedicated 'subway' that is free from the normal, heavy Boston city traffic.If you secure a discounted rate, I would recommend this hotel enthusiastically, especially for a family vacation or if your only priority is the real-estate. If you desire the 'full' experience, or seek a get-away holiday for two, skip the Intercontinental.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>3	5	5	5	5	1	3	-1	

<Author>200NitesAYear
<Content>Horrible...I should file a lawsuit!! I was extremely disappointed with my hotel room. The lobby and location were good. The hotel has 2 on-site restaurants. One of the restaurants is a sushi bar (if you like sushi). I love sushi. The food was good but the service was poor. The front desk host talked to me like I was there to clean the floors. I was dressed down and maybe I just looked simple minded. I finally had to end the conversation before he dumbed it down any further. That was the beginning of a horrible stay. A rude experience with the front desk can ruin any trip. In this case, that's what happened. I also wasn't impressed with my room. Let me preface these comments by saying that I'm a member of this hotel's frequent quest program. I stay at their sister properties all the time. However, this property was just not up to par. The hotel itself (being clean, spacious, excellent location, concierge etc) are all there. However, I called the front desk and asked if long distance calls were free. I was told they were $1/min. I later discovered that I'd been given the wrong info regarding the long distance rates. The rude service and misinformation given by the front desk absolutely made me hate this place. I was glad to leave and will not return. I should have left a complaint with the manager. I should invest in a PR campaign to embarass them and bring attention to their crass attitudes!! I may post a video on youtube that re-creates my bad experience with them. If you're a minority, you may not enjoy this good 'ol boy establishment.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>3	1	2	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>KeepItLight
<Content>Intercontinental Boston for the Weekend       Intercontinental Boston  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gnrd
<Content>Very Clean Hotel. A Bit expensive for what you get.       Glass Shower and Toilet  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lilzeppelin
<Content>Modern and upscale but lacking in some areas Room was large, with a modern design, spacious layout, great lighting, and flat-panel TV. The bathroom had a tub and a separate shower. There was no view, our window faced another building, we could hear delivery trucks in the morning, and loud bangs of the doors by the service people. On the first night there was no turn-down service (it was Sunday), on the second day room service did not leave enough toiletries (they said they ran out of them). The biggest disadvantage was the lack of in-room tea/coffee maker. Front-desk informed us that they are available to rent for 30$ per stay, and the reason for their absence was that the hotel was trying to position itself as a luxury brand on par with Ritz-Carlton and Four Seasons. A note about the gym - it is pretty spacious and has good equipment. There is also a small pool. Location is good with a short walking distance to South Water station, and 15 min walk to Tremont Street. A number of coffee shops, including Peet's and Starbucks are in the adjacent business district, and there is a good seafood restaurant across the bridge from the hotel.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>Globe24/7
<Content>Good value hotel We booked via Hotwire ($150/night) for a long weekend which was great value given what that the hotel requested when contacted directly.The rooms are a good size, clean and have a large and well equipped bathrooms. The service is generally good and the hotel has a spa area with pool and gym. The whole design is very corporate and lacks any warmth but the hotel does make for a good base from which to explore.The location is not quite city centre but Boston is small and it is only a short cab ride anywhere or the T station is a 3 minute walk from the hotel.The only complaint would be the awful bar area. The decoration is more TGI Fridays than that of a 5 star hotel and the ambience is almost non-existant. We only had one drink here and that was enough for the whole trip.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TheBeholder
<Content>Good property - poor service The property is new and nice - rooms are large and well decorated, bathroom design is excellent. Beds and linen are sub-par. The service is, in my opinion, poor. The ability to deal with customers' requests with finesse leaving the customer satisfied distinguishes a high-class property from a run-of-the-mill tourist hotel. I felt that Intercontinental lacked the finesse whatsoever. Judge yourself - the front desk wasn't able to fulfill our (advance) request for a queen or king bed room; the front desk manager told us that if we booked the room directly (I booked the room through Expedia) then they would honour the requested room preference. Regardless the relationship between the hotel and Expedia (I'll follow up with Expedia if I have time), we arrived at 9am, get into the room at 3pm, and the front desk made no effort to accommodate our preferences. I called the room service and asked if they could lend me scissors - they said that they didn't have any scissors. I was speechless. The morning newspaper advertised on the hotel website never arrived. My conclusion - if you're lucky and don't need any assistance, Intercontinental is an OK place to stay (provided that you can get a good deal). Don't expect 4-5 star service and if you pay, for one reason or another, full price for the room then you'll be better off elsewhere.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	1	3	4	

<Author>dowr
<Content>careful with room you book MY huband and myself and 2 children stayed her for 4 nights, unfortunately our roomj was diredtly facing intgo an office at the side of the building,; there was very little daylight getting through even if the curtains were pulled. We had to be careful gettiing dressed etc as the office staff were directly liiking into our room and us at them vica versa. it was a most uncomfortable situation, make sure to book a harbour view room in this hotel.I thought our 4 night stay would never end, we asked on a few occassions for another room, but were told there was nothing available as the hotel was heavily booked with conferences. We would have gladly paid extra money for another room. The side of the building we were staying in was directly facing office staff who I must assume are very uncomfortable with the situation also.if the curtains are partially opened watching people getting dressed, lying in bed, what a ridiculous situation and pay hundreds of dollars per night, certainly not in my opinion 4/5 star accommodation standard. My children would forget and keep opening the curtains, an awkard situation really.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	4	3	3	5	

<Author>tkay_pbay
<Content>Great place Great new hotel. The rooms were a nice size with comfortable bedding. They offer an upgrade for priority one holders ($25-$35 per day per person) to access the intercontinental club room. They serve a nice breakfast, lunch (week days) afternoon snack and a nice happy hour with some great food and drinks. Worth the extra money. The only downside was they didn't have airport shuttle service but it was in a nice location.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Capezio7
<Content>What a Lovely Hotel The rooms at the Intercontinental are nothing short of luxurious. We stayed on the 12th floor in a corner king deluxe suite and the room was amazing. The soaking tub and tiled shower were beautiful. The plasma TV and comfortable bedding was also very nice. We were very impressed with the room service. The food was great, and they actually brought a small table into our room so that we had our own private dining table right there in our room. There were only a few drawbacks for us. The hotel does not include a continental breakfast with the price of the room and there were no coffee makers in the rooms. Also, the hotel is directly across the street from the fire department and one of the nights that we stayed it seemed like there were emergencies (i.e. sirens) at least 4 times throughout the night. FYI: The cost of wireless internet when we stayed was $6.95 for an hour, $14.95 for 24 hours, and $40 per week. We would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jess_T
<Content>Beautiful Place but Lacks Top-Notch Service My fiance and I went to stay a couple of nights to check things out because we were looking at their function room to get married. The hotel was just built in 2006, and it's a great location - right on the harbor, next to South Station and the New England Aquarium, and close to the North End and Fanueil Hall/Quincy Market.We were upgraded to the suite for one night, which was beautiful. Views of the water and the city - floor to ceiling windows in the bedroom and the living room. Nice, new plasma t.v.'s in the bedroom and living room. The main bathroom was great with tub, nice shower, L'Occitane products, bathrobes for both, etc. The second night we stayed in a regular room, and that was a scaled-down version of the suite. Vey nice with tub in the bathroom, nice plasma, etc.BUT...What I have to say about this hotel is that they are MAJORLY LACKING in customer service! Our waiter at the restaurant was very strange, he barely knew how to deal with vegetarians. He was all confused becuase the menu was set that night because we were part of teh Valentine's day package. He didn't know how to get around it, and was a little flustered by the whole thing.The people answering the phones there are not very professional. They don't do the Hi Mr./Mrs. so and so, this is so in so, how may I help you? It was just basically a hello. And, it was evident that most of the people did not take pride in their job or even care. There was a kind of attitude and unprofessionalism that we got from several different people that answered the phone.2 out of the 3 times we called to get coffee, they forgot to bring both milk adn cream, which we explicitly asked for. The room service food was pretty good quality, but a bit expensive (though standard and comperable to a Marriott).I had two treatments at the spa - a 1 hr massage and a wrap/hydrotherapy treatment. The massage was average (I'm a regular to massages, and I usually get them when I stay at hotels with spas). But, it was nothing to write home about. The wrap/hydroptherapy was done but an extremely nice  very good at what she did. She was great in applying the treatment cream that went under the wrap. However, I was not warned that the cream was going to make my body feel like I was in a ICE BATH!! I was FREEZING while sitting there under the wrap. All I could think about was please, get me outta here. I couldn't relax, and it seemed like it took forever for her to come back, unwrap me, and for me to get in the tub. Even after I sat in the tub for a couple of minutes, I could not get the chill out. I think it was called the deluxe wrap/hydrotherapy treatment, adn I definitely would suggest NOT getting it. This was the first time (I have done at least 5 or 6 wraps) that I was so uncomfortable while in a wrap. The last thing I would say about the spa is that the showers are good, the stream room is pretty nice, but I would have liked to have the waiting area be gender segregated. Although, it was nice to see my fiance in there, but I think you would be more comfortable sitting with all women in your robe. The lighting, music and atmosphere was very nice and peaceful. In short, I would not stay there again (or have my wedding there) becuase I don't think they provide the level of customer service I expect out of a mid to high-end hotel. I feel like they put a lot of money into building a beautiful hotel and getting the atmosphere right, but they have completely abandoned paying for and/or managing quality people to provide the serivce, care and expertise that you deserve when staying in this type of hotel.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	1	3	

<Author>BizTravelDC
<Content>Very Luxe, Just Take The T Stayed at the Intercontinental from March 26 鈥?28, 2008 for business. The directions on the confirmation form for the website left out an important note to continue straight when you get off Interstate 93. Net result, a 15 minute delay in getting to the hotel. The title of my post indicates that I am not a fan of driving in Boston. One wrong turn and you will suffer the consequences of an extremely long delay. Be forewarned, if you do not need a car, take the T. I went to school in Massachusetts, am from New York City, live in DC and am therefore familiar with big city driving. That said, the single direction roadways and lack of street signs in Boston can result in a high degree of frustration. In any event, got to the hotel, left the car for valet service and went into the hotel. Check in was quick and pleasant. The rooms are extremely high end. Big plasma TV, nice business lay out for the desk and comfortable bedding. The bathrooms, as other posts have pointed out, is large and chock full of amenities such as a soaking tub, glassed in shower, and plenty of room around the sink. Good turn down service as well.The bar was high end, and known for its rum selection. Nice touch, but a little pricey. Mojitos were $14. The only negative was the valet parking. I read other reviews that indicated that having to go down to the garage to drive your car out was a pain. I generally did not think it would be that bad. Wrong. You cannot call down to have your car pulled out (at least no one told me you could do that, they indicated you had to come down to get your car) and the first morning, it took a good 15 鈥?20 minutes for them to get my car because they had a conference going on and were getting a lot of cars pulling in. In addition, I had to get on 93 North after pulling out of the lot (far left of the four lane Atlantic Ave), which is hard to do at 8:25 AM in downtown Boston. Then, upon my return, the entire front driveway was packed with valet cars and cabs. In order to get off Atlantic Ave, I had to pull into the valet garage myself and wait in a line for about 15 minutes for them to take my keys and send me to room. In sum, the parking, like the driving in Boston, was a real hassle. Both evenings, I left the car in the garage, and took the T or cabs. Much better. In sum, the hotel is fantastic. Leave your car elsewhere.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Grey-Hat
<Content>Recommended Recently stayed here on business for four nights. Check in was fast and efficient as was the check out. I had an eleventh floor room, the view wasn't anything special but it was quiet. The room was very spacious with two double beds, flat screen, mini-bar, Internet, desk, safe, iron etc. The finish in the room was to a good standard, the hotel was completed end of 2006.The bathroom was also very nice with seperate walk in shower, bath, large sink area, bathrobes etc.The main bar area (Rum-Ba) was always quite busy at night with a good atmosphere. They also have a small sushi bar in a separate location in the hotel but always busy. The main restaurant (only had breakfast) seemed reasonable and I understand it is 24*7.Didn't use the leisure facilities but walked past and it looked good. I had no complaints about the hotel and would certainly stay there again. As always it depends what you want and how much you want to pay!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>speedz2
<Content>Great choice Stayed here 2 nights. It's a fairly new hotel. Location was great, right near attractions, public transportation (about 2 blocks from South Station). Hotel was great -- staff, facilities and amenities. Nice little spa area, pool and workout facilities. Room was great, nicely furnished, well maintained, LCD widescreen TV, comfortable bed, clean, quiet. Staff was informed and friendly. Price was very reasonable for the area. For overall value, I'd take this place over the half dozen other places I've stayed in Boston through the years.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mousy
<Content>Beautiful Property! My teenage daughter and I stayed here while visiting my niece. I got a package deal from Priceline for 3 nights and airfare from DC for $700 - which came out to be about $140 a night. We loved the staff. They were quite friendly. The rooms were very clean and nicely decorated. The bathrooms were very nice and large! The only problem was the shower had no hot water the 2nd two mornings we were there - the first was barely tolerable but I was able to use it - the other two I used the hand held shower in the bath tub and the way it is designed - not to be a shower - the water ran down the back edge onto the floor and luckily didn't make it quite to the carpet in the main part of the room. Other than that one small issue - this place was amazing! They gave us a corner room - plenty of light in the morning - which was nice!We ate dinner one night at the Miel restaurant at the hotel. That was delicious! I had lobster raviolie - was great! Only a couple blocks to a 7-11 for whatever you might need and a really good cafe was a couple blocks down as well - Rudi's - a Panera Bread was across the street from the cafe also - which was a nice Panera - with a fireplace. Quincy Market nearby and the T was only about 2 blocks away. I would defniitely stay here again and recommend it to others!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ktco2002
<Content>One of best hotels I've stayed in Beautiful hotel. Only open a few months when I stayed there. I believe it opened late 2006. Great looking from the outside and in. Comfy beds and nice bathrooms. Lots of extras- stand up shower plus a separate bathtub and a scale in the bathroom. Nice mood lighting on the wall of the room. The only thing that wasn't great was the view from my room. It was on the side of the building and overlooked another building. Other rooms would have better views- either of the city or water. Walking along the water is very nice too. Not far from Fanuiel Hall area either. Check out the giant lobsters at the wholesale store a few blocks away. Biggest lobsters I've ever seen.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DrewKnightWV
<Content>Very nice hotel in a great location I recently had the opportunity to stay at the Intercontinental while in Boston overnight on business. The Intercontinental was one of several high-end hotels on my company's preferred list, but it was the only one I had not previously stayed at, and it was close to the site of my meetings. The Intercontinental is a new property, built (oddly enough) around the ugly Central Artery Tunnel discharge stacks. Its lovely location right on the harbor is hard to beat, and the hotel manages a very pleasant balance between modern chic and real luxury, without going over the top in either direction. The public spaces are spare but attractive, with discrete sitting areas along the main corridor and what looked like a very attractive bar, Rhumba (which is well-reviewed by friends, but I didn't have time to check it out).My room was very nicely appointed, with simply lined dark-wood furnishings, an opulent and very comfortable bathroom, and a wide-screen LCD TV (though the actual cable signal is analog and rather disappointing). As several other reviewers have noted, I was surprised to find two double beds instead of the King I thought I reserved through Orbitz, but since they also dumped my no-smoking preference, I suspect Orbitz, not the hotel might have been to blame. About the bed: I guess I have been spoiled by too many nights in Marriott properties in the last year, but this sucker was on the hard side, and the sheets and pillows were a step down from even your run-of-the-mill Courtyard (where they have really got the plush-bed religion). In spite of the location (by the harbor, on the Central Artery, close to the fire station), the room was hushed and comfortable all night long.Overall, I found the Intercontinental Boston to be an extremely pleasant hotel in a sensational location, for a competitive price. I would recommend it heartily to those traveling on business and wanting to be close to the Financial or Seaport districts, or for leisure travelers willing to spend a little more for a very nice room.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>Pretzellogix
<Content>Great harbor area hotel My wife and I have now stayed at this Intercontinental several times. We really like the classy room decor, the location near long wharf and Quincy Market, and the great bars/restaurants right on the premises.The spa/work out area are amazing, and we make a point of working out at least twice during each stay. The views are neat, and the equipment is top notch. The steam room is an added bonus.We have had drinks/food at RhumBa, Sushi-Teq, and Miel, as well as room service. On all occasions the food was great and the drinks were amazing. An added bonus are the champagne parties they throw in the lobby on the first Saturday night of every month.The rooms are comfy, and well designed. The bathrooms are truly spacious and well made. The only problem we could fathom is the divider between the bathroom and bedroom. Shy types may have an issue with this.I agree with the other reviews that the valet car pick-up is poorly designed, and that going down to the parking lot should not be a part of the experience. The cars should be brought to the front of the hotel like everywhere else. Aside from that, and occasionally surly staff, this hotel is great! We will definitely keep staying here, at least until the Mandarin Oriental opens in July.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>GLPi
<Content>Excellent This is a great hotel - rooms are very comfortable and staff very friendly. We had a great time here. Hotel is situated near South Station - so very easy access to the airport on the Silver Line and other parts of the city. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>newy0rkcitygirl
<Content>Loved it!       TV  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Travel_cush
<Content>Wonderful Rooms As our first time in Boston we just guessed at where to stay, we were extremely happy with the Intercontinental hotel. The room was very large and the bathroom was wonderful, both shower and tub were perfect. Everything was super clean and the stay was more than comfortable. The staff were very helpful with directions and it is only a 5 minute walk to the red line. I would recommend this hotel to pretty much anyone!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Shelbs97
<Content>Loved the InterContinental Eight of us girls stayed here for the night while in Boston for a Bachelorette Party. We booked two rooms on Hotwire and got a great price.Upon arriving, our vehicles were valet parked and we proceeded to the front desk for check in. We requested smoking rooms b/c some of us smoke and the woman at the front desk said there was only one floor of smoking rooms and they would happily put us there. In fact, she said that because we were willing to have both rooms on that floor, that she would upgrade one of the rooms to a suite at no charge! (I think they have a hard time filling the smoking rooms maybe. Regardless, we were happy w/ the free upgrade.) The lobby area was nice and open and very clean.The two rooms weren't as close together as we would have liked, BUT, that was okay, because we all hung out in the suite anyway. The suite was a HUGE living room with nice decor, flat screen TV, which led to a door that opened to a small entry way to the bedroom. To the left was a spectaculor bathroom. I agree with the other reviews when they say how great the bathroom is. To the right was a large walk in closet. Straight ahead was a good size bedroom with a king bed. The only thing that I didn't like about the bedroom was the sliders above the bed that opened into the bathroom and you could hear everything in the bathroom. I wouldn't have cared if I was with my boyfriend, but with a group of girls staying, in the middle of the night every single time the toilet flushed it would wake you up.We did have a few drinks at the Rumba Bar. I thought the atmosphere was nice but also thought the drinks were overpriced. I agree with the previous post that said that getting your car back from valet at the end of your stay isn't set up very well. It's not a classy set up at all, compared to the rest of the hotel.Overall, I'd stay here again if we could get a good price on Hotwire. I didn't think the regular room (not the suite) would be worth over $400 a night. Especially since this location isn't as great as being over in Copley Square.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lovetravel713
<Content>Gorgeous hotel Sushi-teq a hidden gem       our room  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>katybish
<Content>Ok stay at 4.5 star hotel My fiance and I are from the northshore, and we wanted to have a weekend getaway in Boston. I got the room through Hotwire.com for only $129, which was great. Check in was quick, and the lobby of the hotel, while sparse, was clean and nice. When we got to our room, however, we found a room with 2 double beds. Upset, I went back downstairs and asked the woman if we could get a room with a king. She said there was no way to accomadate us. I was very frustrated, however, she wasn't budging, we got nothing. Our room faced the fire department, but it was quiet. Although the room was quite far from the elevators, it was quite a walk. We never went to the Rumba Bar or SushiTeq, however, they were quite busy when we got back at 1AM. It was nice to wake up to the Boston Sunday Globe at your door. The room itself was nice, we ended up pushing the 2 beds together, and the glass shower and separate tub was quite an amenity. However, we only had 2 bath towels, and had to ask for more. The large flat screen TV was nice as well. I don't think we'd stay here again, however, it was nice for the location and for just an overnight stay.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>shawnandlala
<Content>Best Bathroom Ever My husband and I stayed here for our anniversary. The room was tastfully decorated and had one of the best bathrooms I have ever seen. One issue we did not like was the impression of valet parking which it's not, you did have valet parking upon arrival but at checkout you were instructed to proceed through the hotel to an elevator which took you the basement garage were you presented your ticket to an attendent in a parking booth. They were very unorganized and took approx 5 min to retrieve our car while standing with all of our luggage in the parking garage, Not exactly my idea of valet parking. The lounge was nice although trying to get the waitresses attention was difficult and it was not even busy. Overall the hotel was very nice and in close walking distance to the North End and Fanueil Hall.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>danwer930
<Content>Just shy of greatness I got a great rate through Hotwire at this major new hotel during the middle of winter, aka the Low Season, of $129/night. Even the full rate was only $245, which for a hotel in this category in a city as popular as Boston is pretty reasonable. Overall I recommend the hotel, but let me review some of the pros and cons.PROS: 1) ROOM. We were booked into a standard king room. While the actual usable space of the room was a bit smaller and boxier than I expected, it was certainly comfortably sized, and the bathroom is enormous (see number 2). Design-wise, there were a few cheap-feeling fixtures, but overall the Intercontinental has succeeded in creating a room that is distinctly modern but not cold or sterile-feeling like a lot of other newer hotels. Wood furniture and colorful walls help keep it homey. Lighting was both excellent and innovative (all kinds of bright and dim mood-type lighting options around the bed and work areas, plus lots of recessed lighting in the entrance hallway). Workdesk was spacious with easy outlets (although I was expecting something like an aeron chair, and instead it was a more basic deskchair). Flatscreen was like every other flatscreen and worked well, with a massive selection of cable channels. 2) BATHROOM. This is really the best part of the room and maybe the entire hotel. They really went out of their way on these. Absolutely massive, with beautiful lighting and tilework, spacious glass shower and separate bathtub, fixtures, bath amenities, etc. And of course the fun little extra that everyone mentions - two small sliding doors open up between the bathroom and bedroom area. I wish my home bathroom was a fraction as nice as this! If you're someone who relishes your time in the shower in the morning, this is undoubtedly the Boston hotel for you.3)BAR. I'm used to hotel bars being either really bland or overly pompous. The hotel's signature bar, RumBa, is easily accessed right off the lobby, which immediately creates a welcoming, easygoing but classy vibe for one and all. This was reflected in the clientele, which was made up of every kind of person imaginable, young and old, casual and more formal. Also they have genuinely created a cool concept that would be worth visiting all by itself - a bar with an emphasis on dozens of rare rums and champagnes (far more rums than champagnes though). Pricey but not as bad as you might think for such rarities! Service was speedy even on a very busy Saturday night, and despite the crowds, it was easy enough to find a seat, relax and have a conversation without screaming. This is one of the best hotel bars I've ever seen.Also, honorable mentions for the hallways, which are beautifully decorated and inviting, and the elevators, which were huge and always available to us within seconds.CONS:1) LOCATION. Boston is such a small city that there's really no such thing as bad location. However the Intercontinental is located in the new Waterfront district, an area that only really came into existence as a result of the tunneling of I-93 in the big dig which was completed a few years ago. So what you have in this area is a lot of construction and new office buildings. The area is definitely lacking in the cozy New England-type charm that you get in most other areas of the center city. It's also on the edge of the downtown core, so it's a fair 10-15 minute walk to Fanueil Hall, and areas such as Newbury Street and Beacon Hill are really more of a cab or T-ride away. On the plus side, the lovely South Station is really close, so the T, Amtrak, etc. are within very easy reach. Still, you won't feel the real cobblestone-and-colonial charm of Boston in the immediate vicinity of this hotel, nor will you find the hotel to be right next door to anything special. 2) LOBBY. There are a number of good elements to the lobby - cool music, little nooks with bookshelves, the above-mentioned bar - but overall, it just doesn't hang together well and doesn't give a great first impression. It feels overly minimalist, and somewhat like the entrance to an office building (which is exactly what it looks like on the outside). I know this isn't a big deal for most people, but it was still disappointing for a hotel of this stature.3) ROOM NOISE. The large exterior windows of our room were definitely double-glazed and quiet, but we could hear noise from adjacent rooms, even from the room upstairs! This was surprising given how new this hotel is and the insulation options they must've had available during construction. If you're a light sleeper, you should definitely take this into consideration. Overall, if you're looking for a thoroughly contemporary hotel, luxurious and modern rooms, and don't mind walking to, rather than being immersed in, the Boston you've seen and read about, the Intercontinental is an excellent choice.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	2	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Kines
<Content>Classy new Boston landmark       Room to Bathroom  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Calvin_Anna
<Content>WONDERFUL PET FRIENDLY HOTEL My husband and I love Boston so for valentines day we decided to come here for the week end and bring two of our dogs. Well this was an absolutelly wonderful place for all of us. the hotel is pet friendly, and i mean everyone was loving our dogs from front desk agents to room service servers. They even have a place in the back where you can walk the dogs. Upon check in we were upgraded to a junior suit which was great, the room is impecable, huge and comfortable. The bathroom is one of the best ones i have ever seen and you can see straight to the room. We ordered room service when we got in, that was 1am at night and the service was fast and curtious. We had the most delicious foccacia with procutto and brie.... trust me when i say DELICIOUS. all the other times we ordered breakfast and the service again was wonderful. we both work for hotels and thought this place absolutelly exceeded our expectations. the only downside was the parking garage, during check out time it easily takes you at least 30 min to get your car. other then that this place is 10 our of 10.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>blondiegirl1012
<Content>Most Relaxing Room I've Ever Stayed In We stayed only one night but it felt like much longer because it was so relaxing. There was a very long line to check and there seemed to be some credit card confusion on their part which I see other people have experienced. We were given a room on the 12th floor which faced the fire station. (I don't mind the sirens, but if you hate the sound this is definitely not the hotel for you) The first thing I noticed when I walked in the door was the beautiful bathtub and huge glass shower. That made the room as far as I was concerned. Not long after we put our bags down, we ordered room service. I had the lemon chicken and mac and cheese. The service was very fast and they bring you a nice little table that you can pull chairs right up to. It's nice not to have to balance all your food on a little tray. The room is huge and I enjoyed the flat screen tv. The only complaints I have are minor. As I mentioned before the siren noise, the long wait to check in and also I had to call 3 times and waited over an hour for someone to bring extra blankets. Our alarm also rang at 7:15am and I had to unplug the stupid thing because I couldn't figure out how to turn it off. I've never had that happen at a hotel before. Overall, the nicest place I've ever stayed in Boston or elsewhere. Everything is so beautiful and new you can't help but feel pampered.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>familyfebruary08
<Content>Bad first impression We are going to stay at this hotel this weekend with our baby. We've just called the customer service to ask if there is any way to warm our baby food in the hotel (e.g., microwave, etc). The answer was a plain NO and THERE IS NO WAY TO WARM YOUR BABY FOODS HERE, and they don't seem to even care that our baby won't be able to get warm food during our stay, and it's below freezing out.... We are not impressed by this kind of impersonal, indifferent attitudes towards their guests.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tmarcone
<Content>Did not want to leave Being a business traveler it takes a lot to wow me in a hotel - the Intercontinental Boston did just that. It is brand new with all of the bells and whistles you do not see in most aged hotels. Rooms were state of the art with flat screen TV's, large bathroom with galss enclosed shower as well as stand alone tub, headboard reading lights and other state of the art amenities. The Rumba lobby bar had some atmosphere and grat cocktails. There is also a sushi/tequilla bar (strange combo) that I did not visit. The staff was A+ and helpful with the exception of one cocktail waitress (but we all have bad days don't we?). Fitness center was 100% new and very impressive - better than some helath clubs I have been to. Only complaint was that it is located across from Boston Fire 13 so you will get blaring sirens in the middle of the night.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Belasaria
<Content>Great hotel, a few minor "ehs"       King bed  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	2	

<Author>Mrbigjerk
<Content>Top Notch Hotel Overcoming a rocky start due to a reservation mix-up, the Intercontinental Boston won us over with their professional, courteous staff, and a clean, well maintained, comfortable property.Our Harbor View room was exceptionally clean, modern and visually interesting. The room featured a nice flat screen television, high quality bedding, a nice work area, your typical over priced mini-bar and unique features like special accent lighting alongside the bed. The furnishings and carpeting looked new, and the in room artwork gave the room some personality. Hallway and adjoining room noise were minimal, despite the fact our room was next to the ice machine. While technically you could see the Boston Harbor from the window if you contorted and leaned properly, charging extra money for such a limited view seemed gouging. Likewise, the $14.95 a day for in room wi-fi internet seemed a bit steep as well.One interesting feature of the room was the separation between the sleeping area and bathroom. In this case, the two areas were separated by a half wall behind the bed, which featured two sliding frosted glass/wood panels. While it gave the room a modern feel, I would guess that persons with bathroom privacy issues may be uncomfortable. The bathroom itself was ultra clean and large, featuring a deep tub and a glass shower enclosure. I especially appreciated the fact the shower head was over 6 ft. high, with nice water pressure! Complimentary bath products and plush robes were also provided.The hotel lobby provided ample seating areas, and the hotel offers an array of dining/drinking options. We did not visit the pool/spa area, but we were told by other guests it was nice, but not fancy. Hotel staff were pleasant and helpful, even calling our room the first night to inquire if we needed anything to make our stay more enjoyable.While not the most centrally located hotel for Historic Boston, the South Station - T stop is a short three minute walk away. From there you can access most attractions within the city in a matter of minutes, including taking the Silver Line back to Logan Airport. My wife and I bought $9 all day passes for the T, easily figured out the route system and which trains to take, and quickly became T pros. All in all, I would certainly stay at the Intercontinental Boston again! It's clean, comfortable, safe and quiet...with a efficient, knowledgable staff intent on making your stay enjoyable.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	4	5	3	

<Author>rickshaw11
<Content>Incredible!!!!!!!!!!! We stayed in this hotel after spending 3 months looking around! It was fantastic value, the location could not of been better and the rooms were close to the best i have stayed in! They were so BIG!!!!!!!!!!!!! The only down fall is becareful of the minibar as all you have to do is turn a bottle around and it will charge your account, the products are on a spring system. Also if you do fancy bottle of wine that you have purchased yourself bring a bottle opener as they do not supply. We had breakfast in the Bistro downstairs and it was a great buffet very good value!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>MEM2986
<Content>Great overnight stay! We stayed at this hotel on a Saturday overnight to celebrate a birthday. We booked the hotel using priority points, so we paid nothing for a top floor room overlooking the city. That may have factored into how much I loved it! We had a great time, and the hotel was perfect. The staff were very friendly and helpful. My husband mentioned it was my birthday and room service delivered a slice of chocolate cake with Happy Birthday written on the plate in chocolate, within a half-hour of check-in - on behalf of the hotel. A sweet touch. The room was large, included two walls with windows overlooking the city, which was actually prettier than the harbor view I thought. The bathroom was large and 4 piece, a deep tub separate from the glass enclosed shower. You couldn't see the flat screen from the tub though (but if you could, I probably would have wasted too much time in there!). The gym was great - all new equipment, plenty of room, and the treadmills all faced a wall of glass overlooking the city. The gym also provided plenty of amenities - bottled water, towels, toiletries and disposable razors. The hotel bar was very cool - leather couches and chairs, fireside - drinks were pricey and the late night crowd was the beautiful people - but it was fun for us to people-watch for a drink or two. The location is easy walking to Quincy Market. We met friends for drinks there and then walked to the North End for an amazing dinner at La Summa on Fleet Street. Overall, our one night stay was perfect for a night away from the kids. If you can get a deal like we did - even better!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>doorstomanual
<Content>best stay in Boston so far I stay in Boston regularly for business (generally for one night at a time) and have stayed at a range of the city's hotels over time, including in the main business area and on the water - and the Inter set new levels for me. I was upgraded to a harbour view room, which helped, but every impression was positive, from the front desk staff to the room fittings and layout to room service and check out. It felt like a four seasons, although the large lobby was slightly impersonal (but still very well handled, for such a large space). Check-in/check-out was polite and efficient and there was no issue with adding to bags in store or changing in the gym prior to heading off to the airport.Rooms have been laid out with a lot of thought and attention to detail, especially for fittings and lighting + bathrooms are great + sliding window to bathroom helps add space. Only negative for me was the overly soft water, but I live in a hard water area, so maybe I notice it more.Room service timely and high quality.With the dig now over, access by foot from the main downtown business and/or shopping area is easy, despite the waterfront location.Can't comment on the restaurants/bars this time.Overall, a great addition to Boston's hotels and I look forward to returning.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>AndrewW2
<Content>Nice hotel, great gym Best thing about the hotel are the rooms and most certainly the gym and spa area. The rooms are very large and generously furnished. The oversized bathrooms are very nice and well equipped. My bathroom was also spotless and had a great shower and tub area. The TV is a nice flat screen and the views of the city were quite nice. A previous review mentioned the fire station and despite being on the 9th floor, I hardly notice when the fire trucks were dispatched which must have only been twice (that I heard) over my one week stay.The gym is fantastic and probably one of the best gyms I have ever used in a hotel. There are a good choice of cardio machines, including about 5 treadmills and 5 cross trainers. The gym apparently offers classes as well which are included in the free admission for hotel guests. There are also a good variety of free weights and weight machines. The staff were very helpful and showed me the nice steam room and relaxation area where the treatment rooms for the spas are located. Free water, towels, headphones and fruit were also available. Best of all it is 24 hours. I didn't try the pool but it looked great.The restaurant was OK but not entirely 5 stars or what you'd expect from a hotel of this calibur. Portions were very American (ie quite good) but nothing seemed particularly special. Suprisingly there was only a very meagre breakfast buffet of fruits, pastries and cereals. Perhaps there is not enough demand (the hotel didn't seem to busy) so maybe this was seasonal? Otherwise, the service in the restaurant was good.Hotel staff seemed friendly but it was frustrating that it seemed that there was never more than one person at the reception desk meaning that one always had to wait. Otherwise the hotel staff were good. Wifi access was excellent and a reasonable charge of 40$ for one whole week. Wifi coverage was excellent, including seamless from lobby, restaurant to room.I just had the overall feeling that the hotel nickel and dimed you at most chances. There seemed to be additional fees on everything such as a delivery charge and then tax and then gratuity on room service. Then, no reminder or notice that gratuity was already included once food is delivered. I had some packages from Amazon delivered to the hotel and before ordering them and after receiving them, no one told me that there was any fees for this. In the end, I got stuck with a 46$ bill which was a big surprise. That was pretty lousy. At check-out, my colleague was checking out one day earlier and they insisted on charging him for an extra night stay. This is after our entire bill for three people came well over $5000. It took the Duty Manager to come and remove this charge. Poor discretion or empowerment of the front desk staff.Otherwise a good hotel but I would consider another one of the large chains closer to the shopping areas, including Newbury Street for my next stay in Boston.Andrew Wong  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>LetsGo-Ojibwas
<Content>Beautiful Downtown Hotel LOCATIONWe stayed at the InterContinental Boston for 4 days over the Thanksgiving Day Weekend with our 2 children, 6  7 yrs old and had a wonderful time. We picked this hotel because of the great offer through TravelZoo ($169/nite) and it's location to the Children's Museum, New England Aquarium, Fanueil Hall, and the downtown shops on Washington Street. Everything was within walking distance. Plus it's a brand new hotel!ROOMWe had a harborview room that was absolutely beautiful and the only tiny complaint I had about the room was that it didn't have a mini coffee maker. (You can get a cup of coffee for $2.00 from the hotel restaurant, Miel, or go off site to the nearby Starbucks, across from South Street Station.) BREAKFAST/LUNCH/DINNERIf you are traveling with kids, you may want to go to Finagle A Bagel or Panera Bread for breakfast rather than the hotel restaurant (Miel) in the lobby because it is a little pricey. For lunch or dinner, we would definitely recommend the Legal Seafoods Restaurant across from the New England Aquarium, 10-15 minute walk from hotel. Call ahead for reservations. There's also a 7-Eleven (I think that's the name of it) a few blocks from hotel if you are looking to buy snacks for the kids and/or for yourself.POOLThe hotel has a very nice indoor pool on the 2nd floor that the kids loved and the big glass windows give you a nice view of the city buildings. Remember to bring flip flops since the pool floor can get very wet. The pool is next to the spa/fitness room.PARKINGParking at the hotel was expensive but we knew that it would be - $39/day. We parked at the hotel for the first nite and then moved the car to a nearby outdoor parking lot that was only $10/day (24 hr period). If you take a right out of the hotel, then an immediate right at the next traffic light, you will see an outdoor parking lot on your left. Easy walk back to hotel. Overall, our experience at this hotel was great and we would definitely stay there again. Hope this review was helpful.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>givemesun-7
<Content>Great stay with only a few snafus Loved the look and feel of this hotel! The location is great. Had a room on the fourth floor and while I enjoyed the city view at night, the room did look directly at the firehouse and there was a fire at 3 a.m. Seemed like there was a five alarm fire at the foot of the bed actually. Favorite part of the stay was the bathroom, great soaking tub! Also really enjoyed the drink we had at Rumba. Service was excellent except for in-room dining, which delivered the extremely expensive pastry basket to the room late, without butter or a knife to cut or spread anything with and the tea water was completely cold.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>timmycanfly
<Content>Awesome hotel with great location This is a brand new Intercontinent property that is right downtown on the water. Rooms are immaculate with a kooky passthrough that aloughs you to see into the huge mable / travertine bathrooms if you choose. Internet was $40/week. Parking was $38 per night so we parked at a T station $3.50 per 24 hours and took the train in.There are no coffee makers in the rooms as mentioned by others. I don't get it, but it's the way it is.From Logan Airport you simply jump on the silver T line and take it to South Station. The hotel is a block away, VERY easy and convienent. Faneuil Hall is a about a 10 min walk and boston common can reached with a 2 minute ride on the TWalk across the bridge and eat at the Barking Crab...you may have to line up but it will be well worth the wait. Awesome food at reasonable prices and a funky atmosphere. We liked it so much we went back again.I'll deffinately stay here again!-tcf  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>cramerproduction
<Content>Frequent the IC Boston       executive suite  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Tturner
<Content>Fabulous Hotel The Intercontinental Hotel in Boston is a brand new hotel that is exactly what you would expect in an Intercontinental Hotel. It was fabulous! It is conveniently located near the waterfront and Fanueil Hall, as well as other Boston landmarks. The lobby is impressive and the RumBa Bar is a happening spot in the evening! We had both breakfast and lunch at their restaurant Miel and it was very good both times. We also had room service which was prompt and the staff was friendly and helpful.The fitness center was a delight with new equipment and you could do both cardio and strength training with everything you need for a decent on the road workout.The bed was comfortable and the pillows were so-so. We had a typical city view with a partial view of the harbor. The bathroom was exceptional with an awesome shower and separate tub. Overall, we were very happy at the Intercontinental and would highly recommend it to travelers.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ezis
<Content>Crisp and clean Although some of our group said hotel misses soul I found it excellent. New and well equipped it has spacious and well planned rooms. There are separate shower and bathtube. Shower cabine is very nice an comfortable.Location of hotel on seafront is conveniente and walking distance to many atractions.Only dissatifaction was visit to pool. It's 1.2 m deep and rather intended for children (actually lot of them here). Changing cabins are away thru the fitness.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>rockykirb
<Content>Quite Happy with the Intercontinental I stayed at the Intercontinental, Boston right before the 4th of July. A collegaue recommended the hotel and I expected nothing bc in 2004 I had spent a few hours in an Intercontinental room on my honeymoon in Cozumel, Mexico and then checked out because it was terrible. But, my colleague said that it was very nice. So with that preface I write my review. I arrived at the Intercontinental late on a Sunday and everything was in order for me and the staff was friendly. When I got to my room, didn't have the greatest view, but I didn't mind since I was travelling for business. The main thing I did notice that is was impeccably clean and this is important to me. The bathroom was very well-appointed with improted fixtures and great water flow. I ordered room service and it came quickly and was excellent. Lobster Ravioli. I had a nice breakfast in the french provcial restaurant and could not be more relaxed or pleased with the service and the food.The only issue that I had was that it took two telephone calls to have my points applied to my frequent guest card (and I booked with the number). That was a bit annoying.I do wonder if this hotel was so nice because it was newly renovated. I am surprised to hear the other bad reviews because I consider myself to be very picky (alomost to a fault) and I had no issues.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Capeshmitty
<Content>Wasn't as Great as I expected.... check in was long and I expected it because it was a sold out weekend but the desk clerk wasn't so courteous about it. Okay she had a bad day....Poor appetizer selections at the bar, overpriced drinks BIG time. A basic glass of wine was $14, wow! My room was nice, overlooking fire dept but the room was hot and stuffy and sleeping with the window open was a no go since sirens go off across street. Very noisy neighborhood in general. No hairdryer in room. called concierege to bring one. My hair was dry; still no dryer so I left. By the time I returned to my room at midnight it was there BUT it was broken so next day had to go out with wet hair again. Breakfast, food and service in the Miel restaurant was SLOW! I had to get up and ask a waiter if we could order. The buffet looked so bad my husband put his plate down and ordered from the menu. Long lines at check out too. Again, not what I expected from the newest IHG hotel in Boston. Facility looked nice but there are some serious management issues here that still need work. That's my 2 cents.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	2	2	5	

<Author>visitorxyz
<Content>Great well equipped hotel Stayed here for a weekend visiting Boston.Hotel is new, clean, well cared for and efficient.Our king room was huge, well equipped and bright, the bathroom was well done too.The gym was great with many weight machines and good cardio equiptment. The pool was very clean and well kept.I ordered room service a couple of times and it was excellent.We didnt eat at the sushi restaurant but friends who did said it was very good.Hotel is located only an 8 minute cab from Bostons Logan Airport and is a quick $10 cab ride from all the shopping/bars/restaurants.I would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	-1	4	5	4	

<Author>LisaC22
<Content>Perfect for a city break This hotel is fairly new and therefore has very modern furnishings inside. The bedroom was spacious and had everything you could have wanted, including a flat screen TV. The bathroom was very luxurious with a bath and separate shower. However the toilet paper was a bit nasty for a 5 star hotel. The first night we arrive late and decided to eat in their bar called Rumba. The choice of food is limited but the burger was delicious! The waitresses are a little fake, I asked for a diet coke and got an ice tea. I would imagine they are more attentive to the big spenders in the bar. We booked this city break from Last Minute and paid extra for a room with river view however upon arrival were placed in a room facing into the financial district. We asked to be moved and showed them a copy of the reservation from Last Minute but they said there was nothing they could do all rooms were fully booked. So instead we had a view of the fire station. Only 1 night we could hear the sirens going. Just a word of warning they may try to charge you for mini bar items you haven't had. There is a lovely place called Scali diner where you can go and eat breakfast cheaply. It's a 5 min walk from the hotel. Turn left out of the hotel onto the main street and cross the first juction you come to, it will be straight ahead. There is also a 7 eleven near by. Turn right out of the hotel and walk for 10 mins. This is also how you get to Quincy Market just walk a bit further until you reach the aquarium and then cross the street into the city. The hotel is also very close to the Barking Crab restaurant. As the hotel is in the financial district there are a lot of sandwich and coffee shops for commuters but this all shuts down on the weekend and it becomes eerily quiet. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay in Boston and only wish I had stayed a few more days. Whilst there you should definitely go to: - Quincy Market, the Aquarium, have a cocktail at the top of Prudential tower, go on a Duck Tour, learn how to take a lobster apart and walk the freedom trail.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelBear12
<Content>Fantastic room My husband and I stayed at the Intercontinental for a long weekend, Oct. 19 - 22, and loved it. We commented how it was one of the nicest hotel rooms we've stayed in. (Though we generally don't stay in luxury hotels -- we just happen to get a decent rate, $170/nt, through Priceline.) The room seemed newly decorated and spotless. We liked the layout -- there's a sliding window between the bathroom and the bedroom so, like others have mentioned, you can watch the flat-screen TV from the bathtub. A few small quibbles: One of the outlets in the bathroom didn't work and I couldn't figure out how to work the landline phone.. We didn't eat at the hotel, but we did try out the main bar two of the nights. Drinks are pricey, but service was friendly. And it was pretty quiet and easy to find a seat at the bar both nights. While not the most convenient hotel in Boston, we were able to walk just about everywhere in the city we wanted to go in about 15 - 20 minutes.We'd definitely return!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Expecting_The_Best
<Content>Way overpriced Decided to stay at the Intercontinental Boston because it is a brand new hotel and it offered harborview rooms. While the hotel is new, beds were very uncomfortable and the harbor view room is actually a view of a narrow section of waterway that eventually leads to the harbor. Our room on the 6th floor, Room 648 must have been located near a water pump for the hotel because during the night we would hear something sounding like wheels rolling on a hardwood floor and followed a few seconds later by a large bang -- sounding like a banquet table being dropped on a hardwood floor. We had a club access room and the price of $575 a night was way overpriced due to the noise, uncomfortable bedding and only a limited water view that was not of the harbor. While it is convenient to many attractions, will not stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>washingtonian202
<Content>Disappointed with InterContinental After reading many of the reviews on TripAdvisor about this hotel, I truly looked forward to my visit that occured this past weekend. In all honesty, this hotel is new and clean. My room was spacious and had the basic amenities that you'd expect. Although a small flat screen TV with poor reception seemed out of place.In my opinion, though, the most important commodity that a hotel can offer is customer service. The InterContinental falls short in this area. The service during my stay was inconsistant and seemed contribed. When I arrived on Friday night, the key to my room did not work. I returned to the Front Desk and waited in line to ask for a new key. The lady that I dealt with was short tempered and seemed inconvenienced to help me although she finally gave me a key that worked. Later that evening, I met friends in their bar Rhumba. The place was busy and the service was exceptionally slow. When we were finally served, our order was incorrect and the food that we did get was luke warm. We brought this fact to our server and she begrudgingly reordered our food and after some time delivered it. The following morning I was awoken at 5:30AM because the maid did not turn off the alarm clock from the previous occupant of my room. That inconjunction with the loud noises from the room next door at 6:00AM made for an early Saturday morning. When I spoke with the Front Desk, I was told (pleasantly) that I should have checked the alarm before retiring.Based on my personal experience, and the price that I payed, I would say that the InterContinental is closer to a *** star hotel and not the ***** star hotel as it portrays itself to be.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>dmhickey
<Content>Wonderful Stay at InterContinental-Boston Great long weekend stay in Boston for a wedding. Central location close to Northend, Downtown, Markets, MTA Red Line Stop at South Station and surprisingly short walk to Boston Commons. Very helpful staff. Arrived on red-eye flight from West Coast and staff stored bags and had a room for us by 11:00 AM. Honored Government Per Diem rate on busy weekend in Boston and still got corner room. Room faced street which other reviews complain about as loud. These fussy business travelers must not stay in the hotels I usually do because the soundproofing was very good with little street noise for a large city. Bathroom and TV were 5 stars. Lobby bar lively and hip. No hot tub in spa though. Also, room service breakfast was disappointing for price. Hotel should consider more affordable breakfast buffet for business travelers. If you can get a discounted rate, this is a great hotel and location for a romantic weekend.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cspencer60605
<Content>Unseasoned Travellers Will Love This Intercontinental Hotel! I just returned from a 3 night stay at this Intercontinental.First, the good points:- Nice locale - close to the Financial District.- New hotel - large room, clean.- Modern design - like a typical Westin or Marriot.Not so good points:- Staff is horrible!! - registration was a disaster. Arrived at 3pm, room was not ready till 6pm. Can live with that, but not the rude welcome that I received nor the empty promise from the registration guy of a cell phone call when my room was ready! When I returned to check in at 6pm, I had to wait 10 minutes while they sorted out some problem with my room. - Room service was outrageously priced for what it was!! - Have no problem paying top dollar for quality, Dryed out scrambled eggs, soggy toast and service with a grimace doesn't constitute quality. Unfortunately, their bar was only a slight notch above that let down.- Soundproof the windows!! my room faced what seemed to be Boston's main firehouse. Sirens at all hours of the night - get the picture??Previously I stayed at the Intercontinental hotel in Montreal and the experience was close to the same! Lousy service, mediocre food options. Long story short, travel to Boston often on business, there are many great hotels to choose from... this ones a dud!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	1	1	2	

<Author>pmonachina
<Content>Great location!! When I booked with Hotwire, I knew that this was a brand new hotel in a location in Boston that was a little unfamiliar to me. It turned out to be close to everything-the North End, Quincy Market and the Common. The subway (South Station)is a block away which made it very convenient as we were traveling by the T only. The hotel was luxurious and the room spacious and beautiful. The bathroom was large and elegant. The staff was professional and very helpful. The one downside is that we would not have been able to stay there if I had booked with the hotel directly because the rooms are quite expensive. Overall, it was a pleasant stay in a great area overlooking Boston Harbor.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tinkerbelldee
<Content>Loved It! We stayed for 2 nights and loved everything about the hotel. The room was beautiful and very clean. The staff was wonderful, helpful and friendly all the time.We had breakfast in the room and it was very good, just as pricey as any other hotel in room dining.We were on the 6th floor facing the street and were worried that it would be loud from the fire dept across the street, but we were not disturbed at all.We will stay at the Intercontinental again!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aurolingus
<Content>property awesome, details still need work Overall this is a great new hotel but some of the staff needs instruction. The maid BARGED INTO MY ROOM AT 8:30 A.M. on a Saturday morning WITHOUT knocking, just walked right in, assuming for some unknown reason that no one was there since my husband had left the room at 8 to go to a meeting. I, however, was STILL TRYING TO SLEEP. I cannot imagine in what parallel universe someone would assume that no one was in the room because one person had left it. She didnt even look at the bed when she came in, just headed straight for the windows to open the curtains. I said EXCUSE ME I'm trying to sleep here! She apologized and left, but it took me awhile to get back to sleep. Absolutely no excuse whatsoever for that to have happened. However, one of the concierges by the name of Rob Fournier, made up for the maid's nitwitedness. He could not have been nicer or more accommodating, fielding stupid tourist questions with aplomb and taking extra care to explain the route to the Capital Grille and that to get back to the hotel, the route was different because of the one-way streets. With just an address to go by, we never would have found the restaurant had he not detailed it to a T on a map. Very nice fellow. Room was great, bed very comfortable with soft sheets and a down comforter. Bathroom awesome, toiletries top notch. Beware the bottle of Evian water by the bedside - it is NOT included in the room price, as it is a part of the mini-bar at $7 I believe. There was a basket of fruit awaiting me but as I was not sure if it was equipped with the same sensors that everything in the mini-bar was, I didnt touch it. I assume it was gratis because it was not mentioned on the mini-bar pricing sheet. Breakfast was lovely but kinda pricey but the price was pretty much in line with this sort of property. Breakfast service uneven - I hadnt made up my mind what I wanted the first time the waiter came around, and he ignored me for a full 15 minutes after I had decided what I wanted and put my menu down. The restaurant in the morning gets full sun and it was warm and inviting. We were there on the first night of the Red Sox playoff games against Cleveland and in the evening before game time, taxis were scarce. We ended up driving to the restaurant after being given the great directions by Rob. We had a room on the 10th floor (non-harbor side) which was very quiet in terms of noise from within. I have seen many complaints on Tripadvisor about the Fire Dept being loud at night - a $50 white noise machine from Hammacher-Schlemmer and some foam earplugs makes all that go away. However, it would be very nice for a property of this magnitude (4 or 5 stars) to provide these amenities for their guests on the non-harbor side of the building - a small investment on their part that would go a long way toward customer satisfaction overall. They wouldnt even have to necessarily put them in every room - just have them available for free or for a very nominal charge - it would be a very welcome amenity.All in all, however, a nice stay. I would definitely return but I'd book thru priceline first.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Ikura
<Content>good conference facilities and food Stayed here for a conference in the hotel. Convenient location a few blocks from the central South Station subway stop. My room was very quiet. Conference facilities were excellent; many of the rooms had beautiful harbor views. Food was top-notch.Only complaint was the TV's picture was distorted and blurry, due to it being fit to a wide screen. The hotel had locked the picture controls, so I couldn't make it a normal-sized, non-distorted display.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>tc1942
<Content>intercontintental Boston just OUTSTANDING. I took my family to Boston to celebrate two special birthdays,we picked the intercontinental with Virgin Atlantic airways.It was a wise choice in every way.The size of the bedroom,and the bathroom were very large.The waterfront is a good location as its close to the tube underground,and convenient for walking to the centre.The restaurant was good and not overly expensive by Boston prices.The staff were excellent,and all very helpfull.I would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rsdavies
<Content>Excellent hotel New, spacious hotel on Atlantic Avenue about 200 yards from South Station. Rooms were large and well laid-out; the bathroom alone was bigger than the room in many other hotels I've stayed at. I got a Hotwire deal otherwise it would have been unaffordable! Only downside: there's a French-Provencale restaurant and room service menu of Boston specialities, but no in-house coffee shop or lighter dining, which makes the place more like a very upmarket 3-star hotel than the 5-star it aspires to be.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>jcolesw2
<Content>Excellent Hotel I stayed here for one evening during a USA vacation. Every aspect of the stay at this hotel was perfect. All the staff we encountered were amazingly courteous and friendly. I chose this hotel as a Priority Club Ambassador and I was given a corner room with a sea view. I loved the room. I opened the door to a long wide corridor, at the end turned right and there was the entry to the bathroom on the left. And then opening into a very large bedroom replete with a good sized king bed, chaise lounge, very large armchair and footstool, desk area and console with a 32 inch (I think) flat screen TV. It really was a delight!Above the bed were two sliding doors which opened a 鈥渉atch鈥?between the bedroom and the bathroom so (I presume) one could soak in the bath and watch TV but something I have never come across before!The bathroom was big with a separate walk in shower and bath-tub, the latter being the largest I have seen in an American Hotel.I paid extra for Club Access and this was excellent value. Decent lunch and breakfast provided in the lounge and the service and friendliness of the staff there helped make this a special place to relax and enjoy.I would recommend this hotel and everything about in unreservedly!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>monkeydevil
<Content>Exceptionally good hotel My husband and I spent a night at the Intercontinental Hotel in Boston and it was a fabulous choice! First of all, everybody who works there from the valet parking staff to the desk staff to the concierge is friendly, helpful and courteous. They go out of their way to make sure their guests have a pleasant stay and are tremendous resources for local info; places to eat, things to do, how to get around the city etc.  The hotel is spotless and has a great location overlooking Boston Harbor. Our room was impressive with a super comfortable King sized bed with luxury linens, a down comforter and soft, fluffy pillows. There are so many comfort touches...each side of the bed has focused beam, adjustable neck reading lights that come out of the wall, the wall of windows has block-out drapes, there are plenty of lamps all around the room, there is a flat screen TV, a huge wall mirror and a granite shelf just inside the door (perfect for putting things down as you come in or out), The closet has a pair of solid, substantial doors that close with a magnetic catch and a light goes on inside it whenever it is opened.  The bathroom is beautiful with a granite topped vanity, a lighted, adjustable makeup mirror, marble floor and walls and a glass enclosed marble shower with both a showerhead and a handheld shower. The water pressure is excellent and there is plenty of hot water. There is a deep soaking tub and above it is a set of sliding panels that open to the bedroom. The bed is on the other side and I was able to watch TV from the tub in the evening and while brushing my teeth the next morning. All the furniture and wood trim throughout is high quality: dark and solid and reminded me of a sophisticated blend of Arts and Crafts/Contemporary with a touch of Asian influence. There are shoji style panels above the bed with built-in soft nightlights. There was even a chaise at the foot of the bed. Of course there are all the techno-necessities for business travelers. What was particularly striking was the quiet; we never heard any noise from the hall or from other rooms. The carpeting is thick and the walls must be very solid. This is a wonderful choice for a romantic getaway right down to the robes, soft plush towels and deliciously scented bath products. We would stay here again in a heartbeat and will highly recommend it to our friends.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WTF001
<Content>Travelers be warned I recently spent 5 days in Boston and decided to stay at the Intercontinental due to it being highly recommended by several people. I booked two months ahead with the hotel and had all the appropriate reservation numbers and stay times. Upon arrival the hotel stated that they were charging me for a night that I had not reserved or been there for, despite having a faxed copy of my reservation times. The front desk person not only ignored my complaints, but called the manager over who proceeded to raise his voice and imply that I was in the wrong. Additionally, after a call to the credit card company I discovered they had already charged me for the night not reserved. Needless to say, I was not happy, but decided to go ahead and try the hotel out since the charge for the night in question has been removed by the credit card company. Deciding to stay was a mistake as the bathroom was dilapidated and unclean with most things being broken in the room itself. Also, getting the hotel room cleaned every day required a call to the front desk as the cleaning service had not cleaned the rooms by 3:00 PM. Upon checking out, I brought up all of these issues with a manager and was scolded for complaining and not showing up on the dates that were reserved.The one positive point of the hotel is the concierge service, which makes excellent restaurant recommendations.In conclusion, travelers are warned to check their reservation times and credit cards carefully if considering this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	1	2	3	

<Author>carrollkvn
<Content>Great Hotel Just stayed for two nights over labor day weekend. Booked hotel through priceline and got a $125 a night rate which was excellent compared to other properties. Great room, huge bathroom with both tub and shower. Staff were professional and friendly and enjoyed our stay. We found location to be fine, only a short walk to most attractions and close to the subway. Gym and pool were incredible.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jad7721
<Content>Amazing Hotel From the moment you arrive from Logan, a short 8 minute drive, although with airport fees, the fare ends up being about $22, you are greeted by a wonderful staff in a hotel that meets all expectations. There is nothing bad about this hotel. Great rooms, comfortable beds, large bathrooms, even in the standard rooms, and a nice gym.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>burghlaw
<Content>Great facility - rude staff I enjoyed my stay at the Intercontinental Hotel. The room I had was quite nice and was just as the photos showed. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom huge. I liked the in-room safe that fit my 15 laptop computer. The desk was very nice in that the plugs and modem connections popped out of the desk. The room lighting was very thoughtful, including the mood lighting in the panels to the sides of the bed, the motion sensitive lighting and the reading lamps, all of which were accessible from the bed. One pet peeve, the cordless phone near the bed did not work. The fitness center was also very nice with free bottled water, which I was able to take with me to my room rather than use the mini-bar. My biggest issue was with the front desk. On the whole I found the staff to be very curt and rather unsympathetic with any concerns. On several ocassions, only one person was working the desk and the waits in line were lengthy. Although I checked in early, there was no room available and they would not commit to when the room would be available other than by 3p. They did not offer to call me on my cell when the room was ready. Thus, I had to wait in line twice to check-in. The bell staff was friendly and helpful. They kept my bags, allowed me to access them and helped with ice when I finally did check in. On a separate instance, I asked an individual at the front desk about getting a reservation at the hotel for the following week. I was advised that I could be put on a wait list for a regular room at nearly 3x the price. I advised that I would not pay that price, at which time I was advised to contact the Holiday Inn. While at the hotel, I needed to print a document. I was directed to the hotel's business center on the third floor. I was able to printed a couple of documents-but because I was in a hurry, I did not inquire on price. When I went to check out, I shocked to find that each page cost $1.50 to print. this showed up as a charge for over $100 on the bill. When I told the person who checked me out that the cost was outrageous, I was informed that the business center was an independent contractor and that the charge is what it is. I begrudgingly paid it, but then complained to Intercontinental Hotels. I recently received a refund of half of the charge of the printing. Bottom line, I got the impression that the staff wasn't interested in provinding any value, or helping the customer. Perhaps they are only interested in guests that have tons of money to blow without giving it any thought. While the facility was very nice, I would be reluctant to stay at the hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	3	5	2	1	3	

<Author>Daoda
<Content>Stylish and comfortable Fantastic hotel. Beds were super comfortable, room was large and very stylish, location is great, staff friendly. French brasserie restaurant on site was excellent, if expensive. Really can't think of anything to complain about.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bighoov36
<Content>Fantastic Experience My wife and I recently stayed at the Intercontinental Hotel for 2 nights to celebrate our anniversary and to see Boston for the very first time. The service was phenomenal, from the bell hops who greeted us at the door to the concierge who offered us advice on things to do and see in Boston. What surprised me the most is that I was able to get this luxury hotel through priceline at a significantly reduced price and the folks at the hotel still provided us with a King size bed and a very early check in (9:30AM). The rooms are very modern and the bathroom is second to none. The location is great as well. On the water and just down the street from the T. In addition the Old Town Trolley is just a 5 minute walk and it is a great way to see Boston. The only downside that I can come up with are the prices at their bar. It cost us $18.50 for a martini and a bottle of beer. Outside of that, we could not have had a better two days. I would definitley stay there again if I am back in Boston.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Caroline91
<Content>Not a 5 star hotel Advertised as a 5 star hotel but it isn't - it's a solid 4 star. For example there were no slippers in the room, only one robe for two people (a second was requested but taken away by the cleaning staff the next day), the rooms were cleaned well enough but not really left looking finished, no evening turn down, etc. In addition, some of the staff on the front desk seemed very disinterested and couldn't always answer basic questions about the hotel and we had to call our own taxi one evening as there was no one out front.On the plus side, the gym, pool and spa are all nice and there was no problem getting spa appointments. The rooms were big, although not very well sound proofed and a little too warm even though we put the air condititioning on maximun, but to be fair it was 30+ outside so maybe there was a lot of pressure on the system.The location was good and for what we paid it was not bad value so if you get a good deal this hotel is worth visiting. But if you want 5 star luxuary it's not the place!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	2	3	4	

<Author>coronaman1978
<Content>Great room with hotwire price!! Myself and 3 friends recently stayed here for an evening. Valet me us out front and took the car to park. Check in was smooth and the room was good size. I booked this trip on Hotwire so it was only 170.00 a night and for downtown Boston I was impressed. I do not know if it is a 5 star because I never really felt that wow this place is exceptional but that being said its for sure a 4 star. The bathrooms are gigantic. A tub that is seperate from a large ( room for 2 ) stand up glass shower. The staff seemed friendly what limited contact we had with them. The only down side of the stay was the fire alarm at 4:15 am which I guess unless they pulled it intentially there is nothing they can do about that . I would stay here again for sure and would recommend going through Hotwire to get a room. Hope this helped some of you!!!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Hawaii03
<Content>Fine - if you don't have a room near the ice machine I stayed at the Intercontinental for a week in August and overall I would say that the hotel is fine. Though there were two things :1. When I checked in I asked for a room away from the elevators, but unfortunatly the hotel was booked and I was right near the elevators and the ice machine. The ice machine began buzzing loudly at about 12:30am on my first night and the hotel immediately moved me (so much for being sold out) - however, they moved me to another room on a different floor which was also right next door to the ice machine. I had a few buzzing problems again and each time I called down it was immediately fixed, but it's still annoying. I had a great rate of $159 through TravelZoo, so I was willing to overlook some of the issues, but had I been paying the $275+ rate, I would have been fuming.2. The window from the bathroom to the bedroom is just odd. I was by myself, but the design really wouldn't provide any privacy for a couple. 3. There was an issue with my rate, but the manager did quickly fix it. And overall, they were very responsive the problems I had. Overall a fine hotel - and the beds were really comfortable.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>chickles
<Content>Run, don't walk, away from the InterContinental Boston       Flat Screen TV with bad reception  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	2	3	1	2	1	

<Author>VincentChase
<Content>4.5* The Intercontinental Boston is classed as a 4.5* hotel and a 4.5* hotel it is. Better than a 4* but not as good as a 5*. Essentially all the positive reviews stems from the fact that it is new, modern, spacious, well located and cheap if booked through priceline or hotwiere. The negative side is that the reception staff are not very good, you do not have staff waiting on you hand and foot as you would in a 5* hotel and the room lacks the minute touches of elegance, like slippers or a laundry bag. That said for $130 a night, it is a bagain!The pool and gym are very well designed and it really made my trip to Boston. The beds are very nice too.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	2	4	1	1	1	

<Author>TexTraveler1
<Content>Almost Everything a First Class Hotel Should Be On a business trip in Boston's Financial Center I found the Intercontinental to be excellent. The meticulously-clean and spacious rooms, clever layout and amenities, splendid views and superb business location made it a perfect choice. The only negative was the absence of a hotel directory identifying the hotel amenities - the fitness center and other facilities. When I asked the concierge about a directory, he advised that it was on one of the television channels. During my stay the television channel was off the air although there was a general Boston tourist channel and a hotel events channel, but no directory on any channel. As a result I was unable to identify or use many of the amenities at the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>BackpackingTexan
<Content>Awesome bed, Great Doorman, Dont touch the mini fridge! I stayed here after driving all day from Virginia during my move to New Hampshire. I had my bed strapped on top of my truck and although my car wouldn't fit in the garage, the bellmen unloaded it and found a place to store it overnight. (The manager on duty, a smaller woman who talked very quietly and who I could barely understand, was not helpful and very adamant that my car would not fit, but 2 bellmen actually made it happen against the wishes of an annoyed manager). When we checked in they had bumped us up to a junior suite with a great view of the harbor. The room was spotless and the bathroom was huge with a great shower and a nice size tub. Everything looked brand new and I thought we may have been the first people to stay in that suite, because it was so clean and tidy. The bed was amazing and the sheets and pillows were perfectly soft. The only problem was that the 30 inch flat screen LCD TV had a grainy picture. This seems to be more common in the new larger hotels when the cable is split too many times between the rooms and the signal is degraded. However, if you stay at this hotel don't waste your time watching TV. The North End is just a few blocks away and there is a great walk along the harbor to the aquarium and other attractions just outside the hotel. When we checked out, the hotel had charged us $100 for a bunch of drinks we didn't drink out of the mini-fridge. Apparently there is an automatic sensor on each individual drink if you pick it up or even move it. The front desk rectified the problem immediately, but I am assuming this is a common problem and that this system won't work because that really set me off when I heard that touching the bottle automatically charges your room. (You can't even tell what some of the bottles are unless you pick them up or move them around). Don't let the hotel charge you for this, and if for some reason they do, go back to the room and take whatever they charged you for.When I was leaving the manager on duty, a really helpful 40 something man, got a bellman and personally loaded my bed back onto my truck. Night manager and mini bar aside, this hotel was one of the best I have stayed at. The decor, while appearing cheap Vegas/trendy simplistic, was actually very functional and comfortable.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jhaze
<Content>A nice luxury hotel. Loved the clean, modern design of the lobby and rooms. Plenty of storage in the marble bath with glass shower and European soaking tub. My favorite spot was the patio in back of the hotel. No outside pool but very comfy chairs with huge pots of flowers, looking over the water to the Children's Museum.My only complaint, and it is an important one to me, is that there was no coffee maker in the room. One of the pleasures of staying in a luxury hotel is enjoying a quiet cup and reading the paper before heading out. Room service coffee was exorbitant.A coffeemaker could be rented for $20 and then $10 a day. It's not the money as much as the inconvenience. Speaking of pricey, parking was $39 + a night. We enjoyed dinner at LTK (Legal Test Kitchen) and breakfast at the new Flour Bakery on Congress and Farnsworth. The best scone I ever ate. Dinner at Hammersley Bistro is always a treat. That chicken deserves it's reputation.The Rhumba Bar at the hotel was very popular and noisy. We opted for the quiet comfort of the Rowes Wharf bar just down the street.Would also recommend the new Institute of Contemporary Art. It's within walking distance. Make sure you check out the view from the 4th floor gallery and pick up an ipod at the admissions desk to listen to a free self guided tour.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tlovetotravel
<Content>Nice time We had a very nice time at the Intercontinental. We were there mid-week and did the tourist thing. We walked the Freedom Trail, took the ferry back to Long Wharf and were happy to discover we were only 3 blocks from the hotel. The hotel was very clean with modern touches. Our room was very nice (on the 5th floor, back side). My only real complaint was the bathroom. It was definitely beautiful but it had sliding windows that opened above the bed. When these were closed the person on the toilet could see the person sitting on the bed through the 1-2 inch gap at the bottom. Overall, we were very pleased with our stay - the parking is pricy but what you would expect in a city. I did notice the lack of a bellman. I'm not sure if they were busy? Anyway, we had a very nice visit and I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>HZM
<Content>A gem! I booked 2 rooms at the Intercontinental, Boston in July 07 for my husband and I and for my parents. From check-in to check-out, the stay could not have been better. All the staff we met with were professional, accommodating and friendly, from the reception desk to the spa. I had booked a harbour-view room for my parents and it was perfect. Very spacious with two queen beds, with the whole back wall floor to ceiling windows overlooking the river, across to the children's museum. My husband's and my room was slightly smaller with a king sized bed, chaise longue, and separate desk area. Even though we did not request a view with our room, we had a partial river view which was lovely. The bathrooms were amazing. In our room, we had a sliding partition between the bathroom to the bedroom so we could chat to each other while we are taking a bath! The bathroom in my parent's room did not have this feature, which was fine for them. The bathrooms had separate walk-in showers which was great too. Plush robes. Nice toiletries.Their turn-down service included filling our ice bucket and leaving a small chocolate for us, which I thought was a nice touch. We checked out the spa in the morning before check-out. The gym is well equipped and even has a yoga/pilates area. There is fruit and bottled water available and most of the machines have individual TVs built in which you can watch as you work-out. The pool was lovely - very calming and a good enough size for laps. The best part of the spa is the ecalyptus steam bath in the locker rooms. Heaven! Treatments are available in the spa too, although we didn't partake of any.Prior to our visit, I was slightly worried that the location may not be so good, but I was wrong. The whole area is being re-developed and the back of the hotel (overlooking the river) has a nice walkway along the river's edge. The Boston Tea Party is normally docked there, however it was not there at the time of our visit. The hotel is a mere 10 minutes walk from Quincy Market and about 3 minutes walk (across the bridge) to the bustling Barking Crab, which is a fun place to spend an evening. 24-hour valet parking was $39. Not cheap, but convenient. I only have one minor gripe about the whole stay. Coffee is available, mid-week, in the hotel lobby before 7am. My mother is an early riser. She went down around 6ish, got a coffee and enjoyed that outside in the early morning sun. My father went down around 6:45am, and the coffee was finished. All in all, our stay at the Intercontinental Boston was perfect. I will highly recommend it to my friends for any future stays in Boston.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ONTHEGOMississippi
<Content>First Class Hotel Our family of 6 stayed at the Intercontinental Hotel for 1 night. I had reservations for 2 rooms. My family had to take 2 cabs from the airport to the hotel. The second cab arrived 30 minutes and $30 cheaper tha the one I was riding in. After my scenic trip of downtown Boston, my cabbie finally delivered me to my destination. I told him I was only paying the fare that my husband had paid his driver and I didn't appreciate his dishonesty . I had told him 3 times during the ride the hotel where I was staying. The cabbie became very irrate with me and got out of his taxi and begin to yell at me. The bellman at the hotel stood between me and the cabbie and took care of the situation and finally told him to leave. Very nice guy.When I checked in I had been upgraded to a larger/nicer room with a harbor view. The rooms were very nice especially the bed and pillows. Normally I don't sleep well in hotels, but this night I slept like a baby. Fruit, a box of chocolates, and water was delivered promptly after check-in ( I am a member of the ambassador level).I had contacted the concierge 1 week upon arrival to secure Red Sox tickets via e-mail. He promptly responded and found tickets immediately for our family. They were waiting for us at check-in - great seats I might add. Two of my children used the pool and loved it. I liked the fact that the pool was shallow. I worked out in the fitness facility and would work out in all hotels I stay in if they were like the Intercontinental Hotel. I watched t.v. on my treadmill as I ran and bottled water was available.We ate breakfast in the restaurant on Sunday morning. Big mistake and very pricey. Our tab for 6 (including 2 children was $212.00). Service was not friendly or prompt nor was the food that good. Plus an 18% gratuity was added.Wish we could have stayed longer. Rooms were spacious. bathrooms luxurious and spacious, and staff (except for dining) friendly and courteous.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TakeMeOut
<Content>Great hotel Booked at $120 a night for a Saturday night stay via Priceline. More than worth it! The lobby and rooms were beautiful and well-appointed. The deluxe bath had a big shower and very nice tub. Our view was of a wall, but there was enough sunlight: the room was not dark at all. The spa and work out rooms were great, with nice views to distract you. The back esplanade along the water was so pretty and peacful, easy walk to the Children's Museum, Boston Convention Center and South Station.Food looked expensive, drinks definitely were. Wish there was more of a driveway to park our car as we were checking in, but valet was nice enough to let our car sit. We parked at the Post Office Square parking lot for $9 a day! It was only two blocks away, and very safe.Staff was very courteous, both on the phone and in person. Excellent overall. Our friends were impressed. Definitely recommend if you can get it on Priceline.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>day7580
<Content>beautiful hotel I stayed at this hotel for one night. I booked it through priceline for 190 a night two days before our trip to Boston. I called to confirm the reservation at the hotel and requested two double beds since their was going to be four of us in the room. They gladly put the request in but told me that nothing can be guaranteed. We got to boston at 9:30 am on the day we booked and were suprised that the hotel allowed us to check in that early and we got two double beds. . The staff was very curtious and professional. We did park at the hotel and it was very expensive. 39.00 a day, but parking in Boston is always expensive. There were a few lots next to the hotel, but this was very convientant. The room was very nice and spacious. The bathroom was beautiful. I made sure that we got back early from the Red Sox game so that I could enjoy the tub. Our room had a partcial view of some water, but we did look right into a cement wall. That really did not bother any of us that were in the room because we were not there to stay in the room. All in all this hotel was really nice. I would not have spent 399 a night as they are booking at their website, but for 200, its a pretty good deal. It is a 10 minute walk to Quincy Market, and it is right off the highway. One disappoint was that they did not have any starbucks in the hotel. I thought for a beautiful hotel like this they would have a nice coffee shop.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>Velvalee
<Content>Fabulous Hotel at Priceline Rates! We got a last-minute deal on priceline.com for $100/night at this hotel for July 9  10. I was a little concerned about some of the reviews I read about the hotel: poor service, the fire station across the street, and priceline guests getting bad rooms. Well, I'm happy to say that the service we received was fantastic, especially from David, the concierge, who could not have been more helpful. Everyone we dealt with was courteous and friendly and professional. They gave us the double room we requested, as I was traveling with my father for a family reunion.Our room was gorgeous--the marble bath, glass shower, and deep tub were beautiful, and we really enjoyed the flat screen tv and fine linens on the beds. There was ample room and storage for both of us, and everything was brand new. Our room was on the west side of the building, so our view was basically of the old warehouse next door being remodeled. However, we never heard any construction noise or noise from the fire department or any other guests. The fitness center was unbelievable for a hotel--it was better than the gym I go to at home! We did not eat at the hotel, but the public areas were very well done, and a lot of people seemed to be enjoying the rum bar.I had also read that this hotel is not in a convenient location, but I can't imagine who would think that! It is a block and a half from the T (South Station), and less than a 10-minute walk to the Aquarium (where all the tour trolleys start out), Quincy Market and Little Italy. And the walk to the aquarium and Little Italy takes you along the waterfront--it's a very safe, attractive area, even after dark. We walked over to Little Italy every night for fantastic Italian food, cannolis, and cappucinos! David, the concierge, recommended several places for us to try and they were all fantastic. From the aquarium, we took a $29 trolley tour that took us all over the city in about 2 hours and included a free harbor tour afterwards! I can't recommend this hotel highly enough--especially for the price we paid. We stayed at a Holiday Inn in Portland Maine on this same trip that didn't come close to the 3* accomodations it promised, yet we paid $153/night...but that's New England in July for you. So our stay at the Intercontinental in Boston was the highlight of our trip. You will really enjoy this hotel--we would stay there again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CTraveler2007
<Content>Perfect Stay at great price Just spent a Friday night at the InterContinental Boston for $100 which we got the rate through Priceline.com. We arrived early and had no problem getting an early check-in of 1PM. Room was clean and ready to go. If fact, we stayed until 2PM the next day because we are a member of the hotel chain's Priority Club. Parking was a bit pricey at $39 dollars. Checked all nearby parking lots and prices were similar. Could have had $24 weekend rate at parking lot ( Post Office Garage) 3 blocks away if we had decided to waited on parking the car until 4PM. Location was fine...10 minute walk to Quincy Market or the North End. Hotel service for the entire visit was excellent. Spa and gym areas were great. Only disappointment was the thin hallway doors that let all hallway noises in the room. Annoying!Overall, I first class experience for a bargain price.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>ivorianqueen
<Content>Perfect Place for a Chick Trip for Women of Color I am a single, woman of color, in my late 40's, who has been wanting to visit Boston since being of grade-school age. My friend and I got an unbelievable 3 night-four day rate on this hotel which included airfare, for less than what some have shared that they have paid for a two night stay in this hotel!! I made a decision to spend more time out of my room than in it, but know that this hotel is perfect for those who are looking for a relaxing weekend as well!!The Positives:1. The hotel's location is great, but only if you are able to do the kind of walking that's associated with big cities like New York and D.C. 2. We were able to catch a bus from the airport to the hotel for the equivalent of two dollars each. A cab would have been a total of $20 for the two of us. We decided to buy a transit pass good for a week which cost $15; a day pass was $9.00. The transit station is a five-ten minute walk from the hotel. My suitcase weighed almost 50 pounds; yet I was able to make it!!3. The security in this hotel is unbelievable!!! The hotel security were men in suits who patroled the lobby area, opened doors for us, and greeted us whenever we encountered them in the lobby on our way in and out of the hotel. I felt safe as a single woman in this hotel.4. While I am not a fan of sushi, the Sushi/Tequila bar plays salsa music which I love. It has a high-tech look and feel and I was able to get an impromptu salsa lesson from one of the wait staff after the bar had cleared one evening.5. If you are one who enjoys socializing, make sure you speak to Wayne in the Rum/Champagne Bar and Charles in the Miel Restaurant. They are delightful!!6. The bathroom was outstanding. It was all marble, oversized, with a glass-encased shower and a separate, long and deep bathtub. It reminded me of those bathrooms one sees in those upscale decorating magazines. Bring your bubble bath, shower gel, exfoliate, and candles!!!7. The beds were comfortable.8. We were in room 604, with two double beds. NO VIEW!!! but there were no sirens as mentioned by a fellow reviewer, it was VERY, VERY, QUIET!!9. The hotel has this little nook in the lobby that contains a Scrabble board and a couple of Monopoly games. I like playing board games so having access to these was a treat!10. The hotel's Business Center has a limited selection of office supplies available for sale in case you forget something. I did not check the prices.11. Elevators are fast.12. We had a probelm connecting to the internet. The front desk was called, the tech crew was there in five minutes and resolved the problem in five more. 13. Walked to the Barking Crab. This place is as causal as a picnic table in a local park but the food was decent. You can't go wrong with the crab legs.14. There is an iron and ironing board in the room. I prefer to iron with steam. I had a difficult time getting the water into the iron.The Negatives1. I do not like French food which is the featured food for the hotel's main dining room. It is expensive for a working woman like me. When I say expensive I am talking double-digit prices for appetizers and salads.2. If you are sharing the room with others you need to know that everything you do in the bathroom can be heard by those outside the bathroom. Bad Singing, Cell Phone Conversations, etc.3. Another reviewer mentioned that the glasses in the bathroom were not restocked daily. I had this experience too, additionally, we had to call housekeeping for washclothes. NO BIG DEAL JUST A MINOR INCONVENIENCE TO ME.4. Business Center internet five dollars per 15 minutes. In-room internet 15 dollars a day. You do the math. A laptop was left in the room each day of our stay. No problems.5. If you are a breakfast person and a bargain traveler you are going to have to leave the hotel and walk across the street to a side street next to the fire department. There is a restaurant named VIGA there that serves a $3.50 breakfast special, but I didn't have time to try it.6. Be very careful in the bathroom if the marble floor gets wet. I almost fell. USE THE CLOTH BATHMAT OR YOU'RE GOING DOWN!!!7. We were going to order a roll-away bed to accomodate another friend who decided to spend the night. I think it was going to cost $30-45 per night. 8. Although I'm not a drinking woman I did review the drink menus in both the Sushi/Tequila Bar and the Rum/Champagne Bar. WOW!! I think the drink prices are high; many were double-digit prices in sitandard-sized bar glasses. There was even one drink on the menu that was made with 24-carat gold!!! If you are looking for the ultimate in a glass, this could be the bar for you!!Other Notes1. Many of the hotel staff are from cities around the world. If you start a conversation they will gladly interact with you. I like this!!2. I did not eat in the hotel, nor did I go to the pool or spa, or use the bell men, so I can't comment.3. I was dissapointed with the different bowls of chowder that I had at several different restaurants during my stay in the Boston area. They were too thick and had no flavor. I recommend a small mom and pop restaurant chain called Kelly's Restaurant. There is a location at the end of the blue line at Revere Beach. It is not close but if you can get there this restaurant had the best chowder and other delights from the sea ( lobster rolls, scallops, fried clams, and even roast beef sandwiches) at reasonable prices. Nothing in the restaurant is over $20!!! They are on the web.4. Many people recommend dining at Legal Seafood. Try Legal, Try Kelly's, then you decide.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Arbitrage
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, not a single problem When I stay at a hotel I'm looking for cleanliness, condition of the furnishings in the room, service, value, location and amenities, in that order.I think the hotel is fairly new, or at least it looked it. Not one single thing was dirty, or showed signs of age in my room. The bathroom was spotless. The hallways/lobby were completely clean.I was greeted while getting out of the cab, and the front desk staff was totally efficient and polite. Had no interactions that weren't pleasant. I dont know about value though, its an expensive hotel and thats a hard thing to judge. I think its definitely at least as good as anything else that expensive. The bathroom was massive. Tub and separate shower. The room was large, even by city hotel standards. Flat screen tv and then the usual. Lively restaurant and bar in the lobby. Room service was available 24 hours a day.The hotel is located in the financial district. Its not really a touristy area, however, Faneuil Hall is  10 minute walk, and we walked to Boston Common. The only thing to watch out for is that if you get a room on either side of the building, you're going to have no view. There are buildings on either side which complete block the view. Ask for a room in the front, or rear of the hotel, with a view. Didnt affect us, we were only in the room to sleep.I would completely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>njrunr3
<Content>Awesome hotel We got this hotel for $120 on Priceline on July 4, which is a great deal. The hotel opened only 3 months ago, so everything is brand new. The employees are all very friendly and helpful and the room was great. The bed was very comfortable. The shower was great and separate from the tub area. There was a sliding window by the bed to look into the bathroom area. Flat screen tv with many channels. The fitness area was great for a hotel, but the pool area was very limited and there were only a couple of chairs to sit on. Also, it is a lap pool, but it is only 3 ft deep, hardly deep enough to do laps and there were unsupervised kids all over the pool, preventing anyone trying to actually do laps from swimming. Valet parking is a bit pricey, $39 for 24 hrs, but that's to be expected in a city. If you do go, check out Fajitas  Ritas Mexican restaurant near Boston Commons. There is also a restaurant you can walk to that's two blocks away, the Barking Crab, which is awesome. Overall, a very nice hotel.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lenymari
<Content>overrated We stayed in the hotel July 3rd and 4th, had a reservation for a Harbor view room (paid extra!), well, the view we had was just a little bit of water and the corner of the hotel - nothing spectacular.We had breakfast at the hotel restaurant - service was very poor. The waiter was not available after taking the order. My husband ordered the top quartet part of the menu - which among other things had a choice of toast or variety of pastries - we were never offered any pastries. I don't know what the big deal is of giving us a pastry (we paid $24 for that order)Room was nice and clean, bed was very comfortable (though robes that are described somewhere as luxuary - are not of such great quality).Overall stay at the hotel - average.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>LouisB
<Content>Great Hotel We loved this hotel. I have read other reviews that did not like the location. Location was great in my opinion. 20 minute walk to thearter district , Chinatown, Boston Common and Little Italy. 10 minute walk to Quincy and to catch cruises. Less than 5 minutes to South Station. The staff was very friendly and the view is great. I plan to stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cr8zymike
<Content>Excellent Hotel! My wife and I concluded our east cost trip with a stay in Boston @ the Intercontinental Boston. We loved the room with a king size bed, ample space and a wonderful bathroom. The atmosphere was very relaxing and was very quiet as we did not hear any of our neighbour with the exception of the odd firetruck pulling one night. The gym was fantastic! Brand new equipment with a self-contained tv on the treadmills and the elliptical machine. The only complaint that i have is not the hotel but of the area itself. In the evening, there isn't much in terms of food or even activity. We would have preferred staying in the Copley Square area where there is more life and more restaurants that are opened later in the evening. Other than that...the location of the hotel is very convenient to the subway but we didn't use the subway at all during our stay. We walked through the tourist sites all on one day going from Fanueil Square (10 min away from hotel) all the way to Copley Square and Newburry Street and back to the hotel. We enjoyed our stay and i'll definitely go back for the hotel but will need to think about the area as one of the decision makers for next time.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CdnWT
<Content>Brand new luxury hotel that lives up to expectations from Intercontinental       The beds, sorry for the mess, lighting was bad at night before we undid the beds  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>JP-n-CO
<Content>Great deal for Priceline--but request a Harbor View!!! We snagged this one last minute through Priceline--I just wanted a hotel near the water. We were skeptical but pleasantly surprised. The hotel is beautiful, modern, clean and the staff were effecient and knowledgeable. Our room was beautiful...dark wood...slider windows between the bed and the bathroom, slat lights next to the bed..beautiful big bathroom. We asked for a corner room, so we had two walls of windows, but unfortunately, the view was of other buildings...directly, and we're talking directly, across from the fire department and the construction. This was a MAJOR problem since we stayed on a friday night and I was kept awake for 3 hours by beeping horns and sirens. I called down to the desk to ask for a fan, noise machine, anything...but was told that they could not help me. A 4 star hotel with no fans, humidifiers, etc?? Back to the visit....before dinner, we asked the concierge for maps, etc. We walked to the North End (about 10-15 min) and had a good meal. Afterward, we did the Harbor Walk back, and stopped by the Aquarium, the Rose Wharf, etc....all had lots of activity. We then walked past the hotel and 5 min to the ICA for a gorgeous sunset. We then headed to Miel, the restaurant back at the hotel, for dessert;-it was very private and the dessert was delicious-but very expensive and small--it was 20 bucks for a dessert for one and a cup of coffee and a cup of tea. The bar, Rumba, was very, very loud and one had to walk past it to and from the restaurant.The next morning we walked to Quincy Market for breakfast (10 min) and checked out with no problems....walked the 2 minutes to South Station and headed home. All in all, it's a great hotel....but a very young crowd during the weekend. If you stay there, make sure you REQUEST A HARBOR VIEW, so you won't be kept up till all hours of the night with traffic and sirens.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>mikebevans
<Content>surprisingly good for a chain hotel Newly refurbished the Interconti sits on the water - fabulous for beakfast al fresco. Though it's in the financial district, it's not far to walk to Fanueil Hall etc. Bedroom was fabulous; quiet a/c; nice bath with sliding wall to see through the bedroom. Great service. Great bed and everything worked.Bar very shrill - they could do with some sof furnsihings to reduce noise level. but there's a great sexy red room off the bar if you want more peace. Restaurant: two beakfasts both excellent and dinner one night also good. Waiter even left the bottle for me to finish when I wa shaving by the glass. Don't tell the management.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>msruckus
<Content>Great Priceline Win! Won this hotel at the very last minute on Priceline and didn't have achance to find out anything about it. I was pleasantly surprised by agorgeous new hotel well located in the Finacial District. The lobbywas modern, beautiful, clean and busy in a good way, making you feel like a part of something exciting. The bar in the lobby and the restaurant were very good.The room was spacious and well appointed. The beds were okay, not ultra comfortable. Also, the pillows were disappointing - not enough of them and too soft. The bathroom was great - huge with a big tub and separate shower. There was a plasma screen tv in the room, but the cheap kind with only a mediocre picture. There was not free internet in the room; in fact it was $15/day. In a brand new hotel, this in inexcusable. Also, parking is a steep $39/day, but the valets were helpful and always available. Room service was prompt, polite and tasty. My favorite part of the hotel, however, was the spa and fitness area. The fitness area featured brand new equiptment with individual television screens. Theweight machines were very smooth and easy to use. The pool was sereneand clean. The spa was small but lovely. My sister and I had truly great facials there. We would stay at this hotel again, any time, even at three times the price.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>huitzi
<Content>Wonderful stay at the Intercontinental, loved the harbor view. We have visited Boston several times and in the past always stayed near the Boston Common. We decided to try something different this time and went with the Intercontinental. As others have mentioned, South Station and the Silver Line are just minutes from the hotel, so you can get anywhere you want to go from there. Also, a few more blocks in the other direction is the Aquarium and that Subway stop also. BTW, I highly recommend checking out the Aquarium, it was beautiful and fascinating. Check-in was accomplished in minutes and they didn't even bat an eye that we were early, even though the hotel was booked solid for the weekend. I really appreciated that, and I was thrilled when I saw our harbor view room, the windows are floor to ceiling so as to take advantage of the lovely vista. I liked everything about the room and I felt it was extremely well thought out and executed. It was very spacious, lots of storage, very nice lighting, big flat screen TV, quite comfortable and relaxing. And the bathroom was great also, huge, with a separate, deep soaking tub and a terrific shower with awesome water pressure and a handheld shower head as well as the overhead one. And the bath products! I am really picky about them and always bring my own organic stuff but the J. Floris products were just fantastic- very luxurious and natural, they are even stamped with a use by date. The body lotion was especially nice. The bed and bedding were wonderful also. We enjoyed the bar and the restaurant and were not disappointed in the quality of the food and drinks. Of course you never expect bargain prices but you do hope to at least get your money's worth and we felt we did. Especially when we had breakfast on the outside terrace, overlooking the water. All in all, definitely a five star experience and we will happily return.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cutedisney
<Content>Loved the intercontinental We loved our king bed room with a harbour view! They upgraded us for free to a harbour view without even asking! The rooms are nicely furnished with all new amenities. Remember not to take out and even look at the mini bar since it will automatically charge your room! We had a travelzoo discount and a good weekend getaway. Also walking distance to the T and the bus station, Loved it loved it loved it! one negative is that there are no restaurants around but you can just walk to the marketplace so no big deal. Hope this helps!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>SanDiegoLynne
<Content>OK, but they nickel and dime you to death I stayed at this hotel and have to say that while it's nice, it's shouldn't be rated as a five-star hotel. I've stayed in much, much better hotels. I was expecting to be impressed and, well, I wasn't.The location is great if you want to take the T, since the Silver Station is located two blocks away. We heard fire engines infrequently because the Boston Fire Department is located across the street. I don't know if they could do anything about that besides doing a better job of soundproofing the room. There was also a strange humming sound as well that I finally got used to after a few hours.Our view was of the building next door, but didn't care because I was only there to sleep.I was really irritated to find out that we were going to be charged for internet usage. This is a five-star hotel, we're paying through the nose to stay there, and they are going to charge more for this? It should be free. I've stayed in a number of three star and lower hotels all over the country, and none of them charged for what's become a basic service. I guess they know that the majority of people who will stay at this hotel will charge it to their business accounts, or that if you're rich enough to stay there, paying more for these services isn't going to be the end of the world. I just found it highly irritating.If you go to the highly pretentious restaurant, I highly recommend having the banana bread French toast. I would NOT recommend eating the room service macaroni and cheese. The portions are large, but you are essentially paying $12 for Kraft Macaroni and Cheese.The exercise room is excellent, and all of the cardio machines have small TVs. My only criticism is that would have been nice if they provided disinfectant to wipe down the machines after each use.They tried to charge us for two sodas from the mini-bar during checkout. We never opened the mini-bar, so I found that to be irritating. I also gave them some mail 4:30 AM and it took four days to get to another office in the SAME town. How is that possible? Do Boston post offices have serious trouble with mail service, or did the staff forget to mail it? My guess is the latter.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>trippin_it_up
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location I stayed at the Intercontinental for 5 nights in May while attending a conference. It is convenient to financial district, the Boston Convention Center, and the South Street train station is within a couple hundred yards, so it is easy to hop on the T and get any where in the city. The hotel is nicely decorated inside and out. The rooms are classy with a 37 LCD TV, work area, and a great marble bathroom with a soaking tub and separate shower. The hotel restaurant was OK, but overpriced, but there are many great places to eat in Boston and many within a mile of the hotel. The workout room was great with many cybex weight machines, treadmills, and ellipticals. I will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>denisec65
<Content>Pass by the InterContinental Boston My husband and I spent a Saturday night in May 2007 at this attractive-looking hotel. Unfortunately, looks do not make the grade when everything else is a problem.First , the hotel is located down by the harbor. This may be fine if you have a business meeting nearby, but on the weekend (as I mentioned, we stayed on a Sat. night), it is a ghost town. There are a few restaurants in the general vicinity, but everyplace except for Dunkin' Donuts and Starbucks was closed when we looked for a place to eat breakfast on Sun. AM. You still had to drive to these places unless you had your walking shoes with you, which we did not. We were told when we parked the car that the charge was $39/night. We had been told that in advance, so we weren't surprised about that, but we were amazed when we were told there weren't unlimited in and out privileges for that price. Guests are limited to taking their car in and out only once a day. That means if you plan to go out for dinner and breakfast again in the morning, you'd have to pay $39 AGAIN in the same 24 hour period! We didn't want to spend the approximately $25 per person for breakfast that the hotel charged! So we decided to take a taxi to our pre-arranged dinner so we could take the car out in the morning. The cabs cost us almost $30 for the trip to and from the restaurant where we had dinner.When we checked in we inquired about the concierge level rooms since my husband is a platinum member of the InterContinental/Crowne Plaza Hotels. He was told that at this hotel, you had to be a member of some advanced level club (Translation: pay extra even if you are a frequent guest of the hotel chain and have a lot of the points they award). Result: no upgrade even though that is supposed to be a benefit of being a platinum member. So- we were assigned a nice-looking room on the 6th floor, went to the room, and, when we looked out of the window, saw that it faced a large building that said Boston Fire Dept. We thought that was the city headquarters and offices, but we were definitely wrong on that one! Within 10 minutes, the fire engines were roaring, sirens blaring, out of the building, on their way to a call. We knew that wasn't a good omen for a peaceful night's sleep, so we called and requested a room that didn't face the fire dept. We hadn't yet gotten our luggage from the bellman, so we thought it wouldn't be a problem to make the switch. We were told that the rooms that faced the waterfront (translation: the quiet rooms) cost $100 additional per night. The person we spoke to couldn't help us more than that, and we requested to speak to a manager. My husband mentioned to this person at the front desk that he was a platinum member of the InterContinental/Crowne Plaza Hotels. Even with that status, no one called us back for 20 more minutes, and we STILL hadn't had our luggage delivered to the room.We called again to speak to a manager. This time we were told to hold on, and we were kept waiting for a while longer. The manager said we could have a room on the 9th floor that still faced the fire dept. We declined, knowing that three additional floors wouldn't make any real difference in the noise level. Next the manager told my husband we could have a room with 2 double beds, although he was aware that we had requested a king size bed. Finally, we were told we could have a room on the side of the hotel with a king bed, but that it wouldn't be ready until 8 pm. We had an 8 pm dinner reservation to celebrate a family special event and couldn't wait. When the bellman finally arrived, he apologized very genuinely, and then he explained that he had taken such a long time to deliver the bags because he was the only bellman on duty for the entire hotel! He then offered to bring our luggage to the new room when it was ready, even though we would have to leave for our dinner party. (This was the only good part of the stay, since he was true to his word, and our suitcases were in the new room when we returned at 11 pm. - We gave him a good tip for his efforts and expressed our appreciation verbally, too.)When we returned to the new room after dinner, there was a message from the manager saying he hoped we liked this room better, and that, as a special favor to us, we could have unlimited in and out parking privileges for this visit only. That was useless since we had already used taxis rather than pay the $39 parking fee twice!The manager will NOT have to worry about the parking privilege situation for future visits because we will NEVER come back to this place, and you shouldn't bother to stay here even once!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	1	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>LidsonHols
<Content>Great Location Have just returned from a five day stay at the Intercontinental Boston and had a fantastic stay in Boston. The great plus for us was that the hotel was so close to South Station that we could use the subway to get wherever we wanted. However to be fair you can easily walk anywhere from the hotel the whole area was very safe. We never had a problem with taxis they appeared to be plentiful. Our booking-in was a bit slow as our room was not ready but the staff were very helpful and stored our luggage while we went off and had a drink. The room was as we expected but the cleaning was a bit hit and miss the bed was always made and towels changed but glasses were not always cleared away. Enjoyed the Rumba bar the waitresses and bar staff all very pleasant. Cannot comment on the restaurant as we did not eat in the hotel. The Spa was one of best we have been to and had our best massage ever. The pool and gym were of a very high standard. All the staff were very helpful. All in all a good stay.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	3	3	5	-1	

<Author>kclifton
<Content>Cool, contemporary, and lovely What a fabulous hotel! My husband and I took advantage of an offer on Travelzoo and paid $174.00 per night. We had a wonderful room with two walls of windows overlooking the harbor. It was quiet, gracious, and very comfortable. The location is a little off the beaten path during week-ends but you can catch the T at South Station or grab a cab. The hotel is located in the financial district so if you visit on a week-end, be sure to park around the corner (on Federal Street) where you'll find garage parking with an attendant at $10.00 per day. As for some of the other reviewers complaints, I can only say that room service and internet access in any major hotel is expensive. This hotel is truly worth a visit.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NWTraveler1
<Content>Just Ok in this price range My family and I stayed here for two nights over the memorial day weekend. We had a harbor view room that was a nice size. The 鈥渧iew鈥?room should have really been classified as a partial view. When I called down to see about changing for a better view, I was told that most of the rooms had obstructed views. Looking at the hotel from the outside, this would not appear to be the case but that is what I was told. The room was clean but the carpet had a few stains. Nice modern lobby and although other reviews complained about the long distance to get to dining and attractions, I will say that my family and I walked everywhere 鈥?dinners, site seeing, Etc. Both of the concierges that we worked with were absolutely fantastic!!! At one point my wife and I simply opened our map in the lobby and the concierge walked right over to us and asked if he could help. He gave us two awesome recommendations that we would have otherwise missed. Kudos鈥?to the concierge staff!!! I did not try the restaurants at the hotel and the tequila and rum/champagne bar were not my speed but we found excellent food within walking distance with the help of the concierge who made reservations for us when required. Overall a nice hotel and about what you would expect in this price range. I would probably stay here again unless there was a compelling reason not to.Two other comments that I almost forgot. First the negative: This hotel has a contracted business center. This means that you pay a high rate for internet use and copies. I do not care for this trend and wish that hotels of this class would provide free use.On to the positive: The workout/fitness room is truly top notch. Great, well maintained cardio equipment, free weights and machine weights. Open 24 hours. Smaller pool is not very kid-friendly but was very clean.Northwest traveler  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	2	1	

<Author>amancini
<Content>Loved this Hotel! We stayed at the InterContinental Hotel during the first weekend of June with a great rate from Travelzoo. The deluxe king room was spacious and clean. The view of a run down building from our window was not appealing but the flat screen TV deterred our attention away from it. The bathroom boasted not only a glass-enclosed shower but also a seperate huge deep soaking tub. The location of the hotel is within walking distance of South Station but not close to anything else except the Financial District which is deserted on the weekend. We ordered room service for breakfast and dinner and the food was delicious! Try the sushi restaurant downstairs too! We ate there for lunch and sampled some of the many tequilas (I know that sounds odd) that they stock. Our stay at the InterContinental was a much needed getaway for us and the first class staff and attention to detail made it difficult for us to leave.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>patravelor
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Expensive Extras This is a beautiful hotel with beautiful rooms. It sits right on the harbor near the original site of the Boston Tea Party. The bathrooms are exceptional. The location is not as great as some of the other upscale hotels in Boston. I only paid $100 through Priceline for the room but the extras added up to almost another $100. Parking is $39, breakfast $24 (one person), cocktail $14. The staff was okay except the gift shop attendant who was hard to understand. Go through Priceline for this one!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>melodyMD
<Content>Beautiful luxurious property in OK location This is one beautiful hotel!! From the moment you walk in, the impressive lobby d茅cor is welcoming and we really had no problems with the staff - they were quite attentive and helpful. The rooms are fabulous 鈥?plasma TVs, phenomenal luxury bedding, tasteful carpeting and drapes with every amenity you could wish for in a hotel room (except no coffee machine) and really nice lighting. We loved the lighting in the headboards as well as the stylish individual reading lamps. Robes, slippers, glass scale, organic herbal toiletries 鈥?all top of the line, not to mention the marble and granite bathroom with full wide bathtub and separate glass-encased shower, all of which was the highest quality material and really clean. I also enjoyed the user friendly electronic DO NOT DISTURB and HOUSEKEEPING buttons. The rooms were mostly quiet, although you could hear the next room door opening and closing and I could hear the shower on the upper floor as well. There are over 70 TV channels and every amenity in the room, so there wasn鈥檛 much more one could ask for, especially paying under $100 via priceline. I don鈥檛 know if the hotel will hold up over time, since it is such a new property, but I somehow think it should. We loved it and would definitely stay here again.The only negative aspect to this hotel is the location. It faces a dirt pit of sorts, as this whole area is undergoing much rebuilding and renovation and although not a far walk from Quincy Market, I think it is more convenient for tourists to be situated in a more central area such as Copley. The area is totally dead day and night but you are only a two minute walk from South Station which is so convenient for using the T. We did not mind, as I鈥檇 take this kind of luxury hotel any day over the older more run down properties located centrally.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HH20255
<Content>What a great hotel I stayed there for four nights. I had a room with an habour view. This is really a great hotel. I do like the location. You can walk to the downtown area and also enjoy the habour. The Spa and the restaurants are great. The breakfast is excellent. The concierge very helpful. We got some nice hot information where to go for dinner. I will def. come back.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mrsH3589
<Content>Loved the Intercontintal I wanted to save some money so took the chance on booking a hotel in Boston thru Priceline.com and got a room for $95.00 per night which is pretty darn good for Boston!When we arrived they told us they only had a smoking room but would be willing to put us up at a nearby- equal service- hotel for that night. We accepted that offer and were sent to a hotel 2 short blocks away. I had never heard of it before ( The Langham) but was pleasantly surprised that it used to be Le Merridian which we had stayed at before and enjoyed. The next day we went back to the Intercontinental and were upgraded to a suite. And what a suite it was!!!! It was overlooking the harbor and was absolutly beautiful!!! We had 2 extremely large rooms and joked about how we didnt want to leave the room to go sight seeing!!! The staff at the Intercontental was extremely accommodating considering they did not have to 1) get us a non-smoking room at another hotel and 2) upgrade us to the beautiful suite.I highly recommend this hotel that is in walking distance to many Boston attractions.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mesa-AZ
<Content>Upscale  location workable for touring Modern decor with a continental feel. Bathroom was best feature with great shower, fluffy towels and bathrobe. The fire station across the road wasn't a problem.There is $2 morning coffee available in the lobby restaurant. We had drinks and clam strips in bar, pretty good. We had no water view since we were on a Travelzoo discount rate. This hotel is on the channel, not the main bay so you need a high-up room to see the main water.It's about 15 min walk to Fan. Hall/Quincy Market along pretty waterfront. We also used South Station T subway just 2 short blocks south of hotel to get to all other sections - North End, Newbury St., Beacon Hill. South Station also has some fast food - Au Bon Pain, Regina Pizza, Dunkin Donuts - as there is nothing else close by except for Barking Crab seafood across the channel.We would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dmc101us
<Content>relax and enjoy this gorgeous hotel This hotel is gorgeous. The room is beautiful, and we loved the flat screen TV and the bathroom is great! We loved the chaise lounge chair at the end of the bed. It's beautiful and if you like to shop, real close to Macy's, etc. We walked to a bagel place both mornings for breakfast. The coffee is served complimetary SIX days a week, excluding Sundays. They told us they are in the process of getting coffee makers in the rooms, but until then, coffee is 5 - 7 a.m. except Sundays.The gym is really, really nice -- bring headsets, if you don't want to use theirs, as every bike, treadmill has a TV built into it.The spa experience was very nice. DO NOT eat at the over-priced, expensive, Kingfish Hall. I repeat DO NOT! It was a major ripoff and the conceirge will tell you it's good -- well, it's not. If you tell them you want seafood, this is where they'll tell you to go. Conceirges are given free meals, free wine, etc. to send people to their restaurants. I know this to be true. I'm not saying it is at this hotel, but it is a practice done in the industry.It was the WORST dining experience in our entire life! My husband, who is not a complainer, agrees with me on this one.We ended up at the Barking Crab, a five-minute walk from the hotel and it was excellent. It's a no frills kind of place, but the food was excellent! Don't waste your time or money at another Todd English crappy restaurant. Enjoy the hotel!  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pclcruiser
<Content>Excellent experience Stayed in Boston one night for our anniversary. The hotel upgraded us to a king harbor view room at no additional charge and even surprised us with a card and a gourmet dessert with Happy Anniversary written on the plate in chocolate drizzle! Let them know in advance if you are celebrating a special occasion.Later, we ordered room service and they rolled in a large round table with white linens and china. First class all the way. The bathroom was large, well laid out and upscale as well, with seperate soaking tub and glass shower, robes, a glass scale and quality hair products and lotions. The room had soft lighting, recessed lighting, and hanging pendant lights in the bathroom. We enjoyed the sofa and the flat screen tv. The window between the bedroom and bathroom can be closed for privacy. Although the location and views are not quite as ideal as the Marriott, It was still only a very short walk to Quincy Market, and we would highly recommend this hotel for its' guest rooms and level of service.We bid $115 on priceline but it came to $140 with fees plus $39 to park for 24 hours.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>samadams01
<Content>Great time, bad weather My wife and I stayed the weekend of May 18th-20th and had a wonderful time at the hotel. We got a rate of $174 a night harbor view thru Travel Zoo so we were happy. The room was nice the bathroom amenities were great, the staff was very friendly and nice in every way, an overall great experience, except for the rain all weekend. The staff even provided us with umbrellas.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sunnyday12
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Poorly Trained Staff! We booked the Intercontinental with an incredible deal on Priceline. The hotel, located in the Financial District is a 5 minute walk from South Station, but essentially in a very dead part of town. When walking the streets on a weekend, you rarely see a lot of people and can't really feel the true pulse of Boston. I believe the city has big plans for this end of town in the future, especially with the birth of a new convention center that opened last summer and the Contemporary Art Museum on the waterfront, but in the mean time, not a whole lot is going on. Nevertheless, the T is in reach and Boston is a walking city so it all balances out.The Intercontinental is magnificant property. The decor is wonderful and the rooms are very enjoyable. Everything hip, urban and comfortable. One downside for us was the beautiful view of a brick wall, but with the price we paid, it was only to be expected.The Staff at the Intercontinental are poorly trained. Our room was not ready when we arrived 4:30pm; an hour and a half after the 3:00 pm check in time. We were in no rush, so we grabbed a drink at RumBa which was great. However, it took bell service 20 minutes to actually give us any attention in getting our bags checked. When our room was finally ready, our bags never showed up. I had to call an hour and a half later to check on them. We ordered room service and our food showed up promptly, but nothing was correct on the order. It took 3 times to get the order straightened out and it still wasn't completely correct. We called Concierge with simple questions and we were always put on hold with noonever getting back to us. On Sunday, I called to ask another simple question and was told I would receive a call back...and I never did. Also, our instant service button on our phone directed us right to condo sales which seemed odd.The rooms are so great at this hotel that the poor service did not take away from our stay. We were dissapointed that no late check out was available. Also, there was no express check out so to actually leave the hotel we had to wait about 30 minutes in line while everyone went through their bills  charges. Definately not efficient. Overall I would recommend this property because the rooms are excellent and the ambiance is wonderful as well....I believe that the staff needs to be trained better to accomodate travellers expectations that go along with staying at a 4 star luxury property.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>Racetrackrockabettie
<Content>Great Birthday Weekend at Intercontinental! My fiance and I stayed at the Intercontinental for our (joint) birthday weekend April 6-8. The hotel itself was easy to locate if you have ever driven Boston before. The parking and doormen were great and always very prompt. We got a spectacular deal of $149/night through a Travelzoo promo- almost half of normal rates! The room was lovely, very Zen/modern, with a huge bathtub and fantastic shower. The bed was so comfortable that it was difficult for us to leave it in the mornings! We ate at the restaurant at 1:00am one night and the food was both reasonable and delicious. The outside area overlooking the harbor was a nice place for a smoker to retreat and watch the sunset. Room svc was prompt and yummy, but definitely not cheap.The only thing that was less than ideal was that we had to call in the morning to see if late checkout was available. As a Priority member, late checkout is a benefit, and it seems as though you should be able to confirm availability the night before. After all, if I wanted to get up at 11am to call the front desk, I would just check out at that time! Also, I had to run water in the tub before drawing a bath, as there appeared to be a film of dust inside (from non-use?)Overall, the hotel is truly the best thing Boston has going. I think the minor glitches with service are probably leftover from it being a fairly new property. It is nice to finally have a luxury hotel in the city that is not done up in some chintzy Victorian decor with musty floral draperies.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>srca
<Content>Lovely hotel, but some poorly trained staff The new Intercontinental is lovely, a few minutes by foot from South Station, right on the water at the south end of downtown. You can walk along the water, past many piers and ferry landings, all the way to the North End. The heart of downtown is 10 minutes away on foot. The room I was given (via Priceline) was outstanding -- huge, with a view of a small portion of the waterfront, a stall shower *and* a very deep tub.The main downside for everyone who will stay there is, they have duvets (warm quilts covered by sheets) instead of blankets. This made it hard for me to sleep --- too hot.The one bad thing that happened was, the maids made up the room the last day, before I checked out. My bags were right there, too! They took my newspapers, which I was not done with. I put this down to very poor training by the housekeeping manager -- and can only hope they redid the room after I checked out, or the next occupant would have been angry, too. Then the front desk made me argue with them for 10 minutes before paying me for the missing paper (a Sunday New York Times). What happened to the customer is always right? I can tell you, they would benefit from a we'll fix it or the stay is free policy.Also, parking was very expensive. The parking service was excellent (as was room service and bell service) but you have to ask to find how to get to the parking garage -- not signed at all.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>4	2	5	3	4	4	2	5	

<Author>tinagella
<Content>Sophisticated City Oasis I stayed in the Boston Intercontinental while on business during the month of December 2006. I too was able to get a room at a significant discount through hotwire. The hotel was somewhat difficult to get to at night because of the construction in front of the hotel. Although I sadly didn't have the opportunity to enjoy Boston since I was working I did get to enjoy the room. The decor of the hotel is very sleek, elegant and urban feeling. The bathroom was large and well appointed. I ordered room service when I arrived late at night and I was very impressed with the selection on the menu and the set up in the room. Breakfast the next day was on time and delicious. I ordered their Boston Marathon and it was a ridiculous amount of food for the price. This was an excellent business traverler's hotel and I anticipate staying there again in the near future.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SeeShell
<Content>New Definition of World Class We stayed at this hotel before a cruise to Bermuda. We expected a typical 4 star experience and a mere precursor to the Bermuda experience. Wow!!! The Intercontinental met or exceeded every expectation. This hotel demonstrated a genuine committment to world class service in every way. From the valet, to the front desk, from the bellman to room service, this hotel does not dissappoint. Our suite was perhaps the most well-appointed ever. The suites are HUGE and offer even those things you have forgotten to expect from a hotel of this caliber ( A truly well-stocked mini-bar, comfy slippers and robes, walk-in closet, giant bathroom, plenty of room to stretch out with multiple tvs and phones)- as much pampering or intimacy as you prefer. The Rumba Lounge is outstanding- fantastic rums, champagnes by the glass, very attentive, friendly service with tremendous ambience. We are well-traveled and this hotel is setting a new standard. Whether you are Old School or Just Out of School, you will love this hotel !!!  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>waterstrider
<Content>Nice Hotel After discovering that we could get a good deal on the new InterContinental in Boston on Priceline my boyfriend and I decided to check it out for a weekend trip. I was a little concerned that the location would be a bit far from everything but it turned out to be very convenient- just 2 blocks from South Station and a fine walk to Boyleston or Park St. The Silver Line makes it very convenient to the airport too.It was interesting to explore the area across Fort Point Channel that has the new ICA and the Children's Museum.We were hoping to get a room that didn't face the fire station so at check-in we said, if you have anything available with a view, that would be great, and they upgraded us to a Harbor view room! The room had great decor and was very comfortable. The bathroom was huge and had great water pressure. I really liked the lighted wall panels and the reading lights next to the bed.As several other people have commented, the window between the bathroom and bedroom was an interesting feature. It is fantastic for a single traveler or a couple who doesn't mind bodily functions. Not good if you want more privacy in the bathroom.We didn't spend much time at the hotel but the lobby, RumBa, and the Miel restaurant looked nice.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	3	2	

<Author>Rightminded
<Content>Very pleasant stay Quite comfortable beds, very nice and clean bathrooms with deep tub and walk in shower, very attentive service by staff, all of which were much appreciated on our short one night weekend stay. As a jaded traveler I felt they deserved me taking the time to commend them on a well-managed property. Can't comment on food and parking was Boston-priced at $39, but I really appreciated the staff. Well done.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>jmh1971
<Content>Over all, we were very pleased with the Intercontinental. My family and I stayed at the Intercontinental for 5 days. Although the hotel caters primarily to business travelers, it has enough going for it to suite families as well. Located 5 minutes from everything the location is great (10 minutes from Logan Airport).The fitness facility was great and the kids loved having use of the indoor swimming pool (not many city hotels offer a pool).Our only complaint was the lack of a taxi stand. Trying to get a cab during busier times took twenty minutes.Over all, we were very pleased with the Intercontinental.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Singapore_traveler
<Content>Worst service in a hotel ever!!! Worst service received in a hotel ever! Please see below for summary:1.Room booked for early check-in guaranteed by credit card (i.e. I was willing to pay the previous night for the benefit of checking in very early on the actual day of arrival). The hotel, however, had decided that I was a no-show and allocated the room to a walk-in guest. I had to wait 3 hours for a room to be ready for me with no real apology offered or anything. It was me who had to suggest to the lady at the front office that a complimentary breakfast would be appreciated!!!! Reluctantly I got one. By virtue of this fact alone I would never stay at the hotel again. Especially if you are a business traveler who stays in hotels regularly you don鈥檛 want to have to put up with this.2.Very rude staff at the bar. For some reason we were told the bar was closed when all of a sudden it turned out to be open again 10 minutes later. When asked for an explanation by the waiter who told us the bar was closed, all he could say that we were not listening to him and he never had said that. After a complaint to the bar manager the waiter came back to apologize. I told him he could go away, that鈥檚 not how things work. As a member of staff you don鈥檛 decide when to apologize and when not!3.No late check-out/early leaving. As mentioned in various previous reviews the hotel has the ridiculous policy of charging $350 for late check-out/early leaving penalty. I originally had my room booked until Tuesday, however, my company called me back on Monday for urgent business reasons. When mentioning to the front office that I would be checking out on Monday they informed me that they would have to charge me an 鈥渆arly leaving penalty鈥?of USD 350 (incidentally my corporate rate was USD 240 per night)!!! Are they out of their mind?? Their explanation was they asked me at check-in to confirm my check-out date and that as such I could not change it now. My reply was; that it is my company鈥檚 policy to deal with hotels that accommodate the flexibility requirements our business calls for and that we would not be dealing with InterContinental going forward as they could obviously not do that. All of a sudden the early leaving penalty was waived!As mentioned also in previous reviews the hotel does look very nice and is brand new. However, based on the above experiences you will never see me there again. FYI; SPG does not charge you anything if you cancel you鈥檙e booking before 6PM on the day of arrival.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	3	4	1	1	3	

<Author>Janetakos
<Content>Gorgeous hotel and location, but... On April 14th I decided to stay with my fiance, Donna, at the new InterContinental Hotel in Boston, which is located on Atlantic Ave in Boston. We are doing an exploratory of hotels in Boston to see where we want our guests to stay for our wedding. Upon arrival, the Bell Hops and Valet drivers were very nice, clean, and had lots of smiles. The fee for parking at the hotel whether you parked by yourself or with valet service is $39 for a 24 hour period which is a great deal (compared to some of the hotels in Boston which are $59). We walked in and what a gorgeous hotel it is! I have been to a lot of hotels, but this hotel took my breath away. It was just so beautiful insde! It had a nice blend of modern art deco design with a twist of elegance. Lovely earth tones and lots of history and artifacts of Boston history. It was around 2:30p and we decided to go see if we can check-in early. To our dismay, we were told the room wouldn't be ready for another 45 minutes. That is fine with us because we were early and we didn't expect it, though, we were hoping ;-). We were assured the room would be ready at 3:15p as we had a special engagement to go to at 4:00p which we received tickets for 6 months ago and had to change into formal wear. We ended up having some cocktails at the in-house bar called the RumBa Rum and Champagne Bar. What a FANTASTIC bar! They had such a great assortment of rum and champagne. They have incredible combination drinks on their menu to choose from. If rum isn't your taste, they can make you any kind of cocktail you want, but for rum lovers this is your haven! They ranged from $11 to $23 a drink, which is standard in Boston and they were a good size. We go back at 3:15p and we were told our room still wasn't ready. This was due to overselling the hotel. This was not acceptable to us as we still had to change. They said it would take another 30 minutes. We had no choice but to not go to our show because we had to change and they do not let you in with a suit if you are a male. The guy didn't seem to care and said that it is what it is. To me, for a supposed 4/5 star hotel was unacceptable. So we waited and came back only to find out, yet again, that it wasn't ready and would be ready by 4:15p. So we finally get the room at 4:15p and I request late check out of one hour. They wanted to charge us half of hour rate for 1 hour of late check out. I said that our room was late by over and hour and how can they have the audacity to charge us half of our rate which would have been $275. The guy said that was their policy so I said forget it. We get to our room and the key cards were not working. We go back down and they said that it takes sometimes 5 minutes for them to work. Why didn't they tell us that before we went up? *sigh* They said our luggage would be up momentarily but that turned out to be 25 minutes later. Once to our rooms, the rooms were absolutely GORGEOUS! You get a complimentary fruit basket, chocolates, and a free huge bottle of Evian water. The room had a spacious all glass shower that could easily fit two people, a separate huge deep tub, and beautiful tiling and marble counter. The bathroom was just beautiful. The bed was extremely comfy with crisp sheets. The room had lots of lighting, flat panel tv, chaise lounge, separate reading lights and in-wall back lighting which was a nice touch. You could even look behind your bed into the bathroom because it had slideable privacy windows. It was just amazing!The prices for the minibar weren't bad for beverages compared to other places. Overall the room was gorgeous.We went out to dinner and had a great night on the town and came back to watch a movie which kept stalling and skipping. We called the service line and they said it should stop. It continued for another 20 minutes then the film stopped all together. We clicked resume and it said 'SOLD OUT'. How can it be sold out when we already purchased it? We said we don't want to watch the movie anymore and they still wanted to charge us. I told him that the movie has been unwatchable and the person said, Okay, we can remove the fee this time, sir. This time? Gee, thanks! Other than the check-in, luggage, and movie drama we had a fantastic time and everything else about the hotel was great! The gym and pool are a must-see as well! I would visit this hotel again. I give every hotel 2 chances. I did write a letter of complaint to hotel management and they are deeply sorry for the experience and rectified the situation.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	1	2	5	

<Author>AnonyGuest
<Content>Fantastic for the Hotwire Price--With a Caveat As previous reviewers have correctly noted, rooms at this brand-new luxury hotel are available at more than 50% off the rack rate at Hotwire. At that price, the rooms are frankly a steal. They're spacious with impeccably trimmed bedrooms and bathrooms, and feature flat-panel televisions, comfortable beds, and the service one would expect at a 4.5-star hotel.A caveat is in order, though: prepare to be unapologetically nickeled-and-dimed throughout your stay. In such a nice hotel, I found this oddly out of place and, eventually, irritating. Although they charge $300 for the room, the InterContinental does not hesitate to charge $15 for Internet access, $40 for even the simplest room service breakfast, and $10 for a soda from the bar. There is no detail too small for the InterContinental to overbill: parking is $39 a night, and the doorman refuses to suggest a nearby garage that might have a reasonable rate.The most annoying attempt to overcharge guests, however, comes in the hotel's blanket refusal to extend check-out times, insisting instead on charging a half-day's rate if a guest has not checked out by the appointed hour. On my way out I saw several people arguing incredulously with the hotel manager, who had charged each of them for having checked out only forty-five minutes late. Although I know most business travelers aren't sensitive to check-out flexibilty, I think it's simply absurd for a $300-a-night hotel with hundreds of rooms to refuse to give a few guests a few extra minutes. And I've traveled extensively on business and never encountered a hotel that charges guests the half-room rate within an hour of the desired check-out time. Desperation for revenue might justify a $10 soda, but not a $150 charge for checking out a half-hour late.All of that said, as a previous reviewer has noted, the Hotwire price is so cheap that you can spend over $100 a night on minor nonsense and still be well ahead. While the deal's available, I encourage readers to go for it. In the meantime, the hotel might want to think about whether their inflexible, inconvenient policies are related to the occupancy rates that are driving them to use Hotwire in the first place.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	1	5	4	

<Author>GoneforWork
<Content>A welcome oasis for the weary business traveler I just returned from a 3 day stay at the Intercontinental. I would highly recommend it, especially at the rate I got through Hotwire. The hotel is new, as you can read in other reviews. Everything I experienced was top notch. The service was cordial without being intrusive. The rooms were large, especially for Boston. The bathroom was rivaled only in my experience by the bathroom in the Palace Tower Suites in NYC. Lots of marble. Stand alone, glass enclosed shower stall. Sunken tub. Bathrobe and slippers. The king bed was very comfortable with first class linens and pillows. There was a large desk with plenty of power outlets. Large, flat screen LCD TV was a plus. The gym is included in the room price and filled with state of the art equipment. All cardio machines had TVs. Headphones were complimentary as was bottled water and towels. The location is at the edge of the financial district and an easy walk to most any building in that area. It is a 10 to 15 minute walk to Quincy Market and the North End. It's 2 blocks from South Station and access to the T. In the evening, the area around the hotel is virtually empty as all the business people clear out. You have to cab to most restaurants ($5 ride to the North End). I did not use some of the much written about high price services (internet, room service, mini bar, restaurant). These are easily avoided and for the Hotwire price, you can throw in $15 a day for internet and still come out ahead. I have stayed in many hotels in the Quincy Market area and think this one is the clear choice given the Hotwire price. Look for the 4.5 star property on Hotwire in the Quincy Market/Financial District.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>myoungs
<Content>Fantastic This is truly a great hotel. The staff, the decor and the cleanliness are second to none. I travel very much and stay at many top notch properties and this is a great property. The Rumba lounge is great and a very chic place. A short cab ride to everything Beantown has to offer.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BusinessTravelGal
<Content>Sleek, Savvy and So Business. I stayed here for a social event that was taking place at the Convention Center. Located just a short walk from the Train Station (I took the Acela from NYC to Boston), the hotel was an oasis in a construction zone. I am sure in the summer, this area is more happening, but in the Winter, there's not much happening. The hotel itself is breathtaking. It certainly has the WOW factor. The staff was on point from the front door to the housekeeping. Our room was immaculately clean. Restaurant was excellent for brunch and again the service there was great too. There was just this one thing. In our room, instead of a wall behind the bed, there was a pair of windows that opened into the bathroom. For some, this might be interesting but we all know that there's more to the bathroom than the fabulous deep tub and the glass shower. Yes, you can see through the gap under the windows to peer at your friend on the toilet. Aside from this small design flaw, I highly recommend this room for business travelers, traveling alone. As with the windows open you can sit on the can and watch the news.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>murphk
<Content>Nice but certainly no wow factour.   showReview(6928878, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	4	3	2	3	

<Author>djboise
<Content>Very Nice Experience with an exception   showReview(6911251, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>michelescully
<Content>we liked the intercontinental (even in the snow)   showReview(6816081, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chriswin
<Content>Great decor but lacking in many other areas       Is that a settee at foot of bed?  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	1	4	5	4	3	

<Author>cotogal
<Content>Very disappointed with Intercontinental Hotel   showReview(6808627, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>olisonic
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(6714318, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>donebyme
<Content>Christmas Time in Boston   showReview(6453410, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lobels
<Content>A New Standard For The Chain   showReview(6440348, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>globetrotter5156
<Content>more remarkable than the design was the hotel's exceptional staff   showReview(6305897, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>advantage2000
<Content>My first "Beta" Hotel Experience!   showReview(6093345, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	3	5	5	4	3	

<Author>kasukabe0302
<Content>鏈€楂樸伄绔嬪湴銇ㄦ渶鏂般伄瑷倷       銈搞儱銉嬨偄銈广偆銉笺儓銇儴灞?/a>  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>jack63bonn
<Content>hotel war super   showReview(10111485, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

