<Author>AM-TJ
<Content>Pro's and con's to this place Previous reviews seem to hit the highs and lows of this place.While not scenic in location, the hotel is a value and is 5 minutes to the Academia (David) and the Duomo. that, in and of itself makes this a very good hotel at which to stay.Staff were hit and miss. Ricardo was a great source of information while others showed various levels of helpfulness and pleasantness.We had Room 30 which has a balcony - fairly well sheilded by greenery. I must say, and it's beyond the control of the hotel, it does not help when the building next door is under major renovation and the work starts at 7:00 a.m. The room was spacious but we had just come from a hotel in Venice which had beautiful, crisp, high thread count bed linens so the cottage like bed spread was a bit of a step down.Oddly enough, one of the staff almost tried to convince us not to go to La Giostra for dinner. He seemed to have no patience for the Prince who owns the restaurant. We went anyway and had one of the most memorable dining experiences of our trip.Skip the breakfast. While similar in make up to other hotel breakfasts on out trip, it was not as good and not worth the 11 euros per person. Walk three blocks to the Piazza di San Marco to a patisserie and start your day with a latte and pastry for 3 euros.We were there the first week in July and it was 30 to 35 every day. A/C worked fine and I did not detect any sort of musty or mildew smell anywhere in the hotel.Our rating was average, but on the high side of average. We would probably look for another place for our next stay but keep this site in our back pocket for insurance. There was nothing terribly wrong; it just didn't have any sort of wow factor.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>btilli
<Content>Lovely Place Very nice place to stay that's close, but not too close to Duomo. Fairly quiet side street about 5-10 minute walk to Duomo. Rooms are clean and comfortable. Internet access available. Beds comfortable. Nice amenities. Very helpful staff.Only negative was that the air conditioning was not yet turned on. The night air was cool enough, but there was no screen on the window, so a few mosquitoes made it in.Overall, very nice place.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TouristSB
<Content>Smell lingered in our clothes and luggage! We stayed here in March 2008 for 4 nights, rooms 21  22. We had booked a triple room but arrived the first night to find the hotel full and our room upgraded to two rooms next door to each other, at no additional charge. This was not what I expected as our son was traveling with us and I preferred that he stay in the room with us. My theory is that someone else was given the room(s) we ended up with, rejected them, and was then given our original larger room. I asked twice during our stay whether other rooms were open but was told the hotel was full. This hotel was a terrible disappointment after reading the many glowing reviews on Trip Advisor. This was my first expereince using Trip Advisor and I will definitely take other reviews with a grain of salt in the future. The rooms at this hotel must vary wildly in quality, to say the least. We did not have frescoes and antiques. Although our rooms were nothing special, with old bedcovers and tiny bathrooms, the worst thing was the putrid mildew smell. It didn't appear to be coming from the bathroom-- in fact it was hard to pinpoint a source, but it assaulted your nostrils even if you just walked into the small lobby area for a moment and then back into our room. Room 21 was by far the worst. I didn't realize until we returned home that the smell had permeated our luggage and everything in it. I just paid $175 to dryclean/launder all of our clothes-- even the things we never unpacked smelled deeply of the Hotel Morandi. I have so far aired out our suitcases for three consecutive days outdoors and they still smell. While we were out exploring Florence during the day, our clothing was sitting there absorbing the odor. Ugh! Other observations: location was somewhat out of the way. Although everything in Florence is pretty close (we were about a 5 minute walk from the Duomo), the location could have been more convenient and more in the mainstream of things. Via Laura is a one way street that runs alongside the windowless side wall of the archeological museum, a former palace. This wall is covered with the tattered remnants of numerous old posters and that was the view out of our window. I walked down the hall and could see the courtyard some other rooms overlooked and it was obviously a much nicer view. If you come home in a cab, they have to go far out of the way (if coming from the Duomo side of town) because of the one-way street. Other reviewers have noted the two flights of stairs you must climb and the large key fob (circular, about 3-4 diameter) you will have to carry with you. I also noticed a total absence of smoke detectors-- there may possibly have been some somewhere in the hotel but there were definitely none in either of our rooms. (Maybe building codes in Italy don't require them?) As the building has been there for centuries, I found myself hoping it could manage not to burn down for a few more days. Internet cost 8 euros per day. They had flat screen TVs and new computers in every room, but we had some problems getting the internet to work and my son's brand new laptop picked up a virus from their network. The staff was helpful and friendly, especially Frank (an American who has lived in Italy for many years and teaches art history), but they are only there limited hours and we often left in the morning without seeing anyone. You have to walk a few blocks to find a place to eat, but there are several small cafes that are relatively close. Frank recommended a restaurant we liked that was about 2 blocks away (Accademia Restaurant). We appreciated the large bin of umbrellas by the front door as theirs were much larger than our own and we had rain on a couple of days. Overall, I wished I had chosen another hotel. Our other hotel (in Rome, the Hotel 47), I also found on Trip Advisor and we were pleased with it. It was considerably more expensive, but allowing for the massive drycleaning bill we incurred thanks to the Morandi, the price gap between the two was considerably smaller and we had a much better experience at the 47. I would not go back to the Morandi. The other reviews posted here and the beautiful website did not correspond to our impression of the hotel. We still had a wonderful time in Florence, but I had so looked forward to staying here and it was a terrible letdown. It was much too expensive for what it was-- I have been to Florence 3 times and paid much less for better accommodations. I am posting this lengthy review so that others considering the Morandi get a more balanced view than what I was led to expect.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JustHavingFun048
<Content>Nice, small hotel       Doors to patio  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Hemerocallis3
<Content>Wonderful small hotel My wife and I stayed 7 nights in October. Spacious room with small balcony right off lobby. Absolutely charming. Perfectly clean. Well decorated. Nearly all staff have excellent English skills. Hotel is on a quiet one-way street very near Plaza Anunciata. One further block from Plaza San Marcos and Galleria Accademia. A short walk to the Duomo and well within city central. Staff was always cheerful, friendly and very helpful. Arranged for VERY early morning taxi that we needed to make our flight home. Absolutely no problems. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>kathyofagan
<Content>Loved the Morandi alla Crocetta We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights the last week of September and loved it. It was clean, quiet and in a section of Florence that is both convenient to the Duomo but away from the hustle and bustle of the city. The staff was very helpful in obtaining restaurant reservations and making suggestions as to good places to eat. Our room did not overlook the courtyard but we were not disappointed. Overall our experience was very positive and would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>travelin119
<Content>Charming Hotel Morandi This is a charming hotel located about 10 minutes walking from the Duomo. It is a small old world hotel which brings represents the elegance of Italy. Central to all locations in Florence.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>magee50
<Content>Didn't love it Although the hotel was very quiet and the staff friendly and helpful - I didn't find this hotel a treasure like what I read on this forum. I had a double room no balcony - the bedspread and cover of the couch looked like they were from ages gone by and never washed. I would not walk around barefoot in the room - hence why they give you slippers. I would say that the street is very quiet 鈥?we slept with the window open and the walk to all sites is within easy walking distance. Since there is no 24 hour service 鈥?you must walk around with this massive key that opens the 2 front doors plus your room. Bottom line 鈥?it鈥檚 a nice hotel, but would not stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>FirenzeDublin
<Content>The heart of Florence This is a family run hotel in the very centre of Florence within walking distance of everything and just two minutes of the Duomo. It is authentically Italian and features many beautiful antiques. It has an 'Olde World' charm with crisp white linen and fine china. It;s great air-conditioning and inner courtyards make it an oasis in a hot and busy city. It has a friendly and relaxed yet efficient atmosphere. I will certainly go back there and would recommend this lovely hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TonisTravels
<Content>Peaceful Retreat We loved this hotel - the room was newly upgraded and was beautiful and very comfortable. It was quiet and smelled so good. It is in a wonderful location - close for walking everywhere. It was clean and the room was large with a little patio right outside the room.At first we were a little disappointed that breakfast wasn't included, but it gave us much more flexibility. We got up when we wanted to and ventured out to find great little cafes to have our pastries and coffee. We actually preffered not having the breakfast included.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rachel67
<Content>Loved our stay in the Morandi We spent five lovely days in the Morandi alla Crocetta in Florence. It is a charming hotel, the staff are english speaking and couldn't be more helpful and friendly. The rooms are full of character with beautiful antique furniture and lovely paintings. We had a beautiful room with a terrace to sit out in.The hotel is in a quiet street yet only minutes away from the Duomo, Accedemia Gallery, Santa Croce etc. I would highly remommend the Hotel Morandi alla Crocetta as a tranquil haven to return to after seeing the sights of Florence.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tuffnut
<Content>stayed there the 2nd time This was our second stay at the Morandi. We enjoyed our stay there and would love to go back soon. The hotel is a few minutes walk from the sights but it is not a big deal to walk around in Florence. The rooms we've had are big and immaculate, and we were fortunate to have stayed in their 2 best ones - the one with the frescoes and the one with the porch. The staff are very helpful and friendly.. and although there is no one at the desk during the night there is a number you can call in case you have an emergency. I highly recommend the Hotel Morandi Alla Crocetta for those who have a classic taste.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>XineF
<Content>Friendly and quiet Beautiful room and facility. Immaculately clean. Very quiet. Staff were friendly and helpful. Great restaurant recommendation. Would stay there again, and would recommend highly. Our room was on the ground floor so the only time we used the stairs were for check-in and out and for breakfast. Within 5 minutes walk to the Accademia Gallery.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>mdwpdx
<Content>Teriffic Choice When your taxi pulls up to the front door (don't even think of driving yourself), you will be sure you made a huge mistake; the street is not exactly welcoming, the front not impressive. We actually went in and began to think of ways to cancel. Forget it. This hotel is a real find. Despite the exterior, the rooms are charming, the location 90% of perfect, the staff extraordinarily helpful (including a retired art professor from Conneticut who has lived in Italy for the last forty years). Try for one of the two rooms with a patio. Skip the breakfast - there is a fabulous bakery two blocks away where the locals stand (don't sit, it doubles the price). This hotel is a real value with history, comfort, and charm. We will return.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>Doublelama
<Content>Absolutely Charming               More photos  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stevekm
<Content>Only so-so! I normally read the Trip Advisor comments before I click the final ok on a lot of my hotel reservations. I've learned to read reviews of the hotels that I am well acquainted with, to read what people say about these hotels and compare them with what I know first hand. I did this to better gauge with what some say about the hotels that I don't know anything about. My advice: throw out the very best and then then the very worst, consider eveything in between.We stayed at the Morandi last week. Most of the staff were super nice, and helpful. There is an Italian/American there named Frank. He was especially nice and directed us to a nice restaurant by the Academy Museum (I think it was actually called Academie Restaurante (try the fresh pasta with clams.)Anyhow, I think that the Morandi is over rated. For starters you should know that there is no overnight desk clerk (I think that the last one is there stays until 9PM). So to get into the hotel after that you have to use your room key, which turns the lock to the outer main entrance door of the building (which is still not the hotel yet..Then you walk up (a good 2 flights) to get to the entrance door of the hotel. Use your key again, then go to your room and....you guessed it, use your key again. Presumeably the locks must get more detailed in that your room key will only unlock your own room lock (I'll buy that.) You have to carry this (heavy, so you won't forget it somwhere) room key around with you the whole time that you are out. Still, so far, this isn't bad, but if you are elderly, might want to stay where there is a 24 hour staff.When we initially arrived, we were told that because there was a problem with our double room earlier that day, we were to each have a single room. It was late. We were tired and were reassured that the next day would have the double that we booked. The single rooms are not much bigger than a shoe box. I pitty the person that has to travel alone, and then stay in one of these small rooms! They each have a small (almost cot size) twin mattress which one side is against the wall. I think the bed covers were old (not appealing, and made me suspect freshness.) You can almost touch the other side of the room while in bed. I think the bathrooms were clean, but the other (single room) was a little musty. I hate smells of this sort. The next night we did have the double. It was fine.Don't get suckered into that old hotel, old world charm that some well known tour books tout. You will see old all day long in the museums and other sites there so no need to sleep in it too unless that really appeals to you. Next time, I am going big, new, and fresh, magnetic cards.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	2	3	3	2	3	

<Author>nytexan
<Content>no redeeming factors we stayed at the hotel morandi alla crocetta in mid july,2006. this was the middle of a two week trip that we have been planning for several months. we thought it would be nice to stay at this old convent to give us the real flavor of old italy. boy were we wrong. although it is located not too far from tourist attractions it is not on the right part of town either. we had a car and had to park it 2 blocks away in a small locked area that fit only 3 or 4 cars. if we needed the car the hotel attendant had to go and unlock it for us and possibly move other cars in order to get ours out. he also left at 9:00pm for the night so don't count on using it for the night. the rooms are all upstairs with no elevator. so we had to carry our suitcases up. there is no courtyard or any views. the rooms very very small and very tall giving your a dungeon feeling and the bathrooms were smaller than a cruise ship. everything was clean. the breakfast room was 8x8 with 3 tables and no windows. we asked for coffee in our room which my husband was going to bring himself and they told us they would bringit and then charged us 10euros. they had a computer in the room and it ended costing me 30 euros to use it. in the middle or the night the airconditioner went out bothe nights of our stay and there was no one around to complain to and when we checked out we told them that this happened and was offered 10 euros which insulted me even further. another couple complained that this happened to her for the whole 6 nights that she was there and that maybe they shut it down on purpose. regardless this hotel ruined my stay in florence and ended up not liking florence because of it  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GoMets
<Content>Great hotel, great value, location could be better Morandi is very nice. It is a small hotel (very tough to find, a lot of 1 way streets, call first if you can), and they are very friendly. It could be closer to the sights in Florence, but that allows it to be very quiet. The rooms are large, and nicelt decorated. We had a breakfast garden/porch area attached to our room. They also have computers w/ internet connections (for a fee) in each room. The staff is very friendly. If you are ok with not being in a large, chain hotel (w/ bellmen, etc.), this is a great choice and value.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dtheresa
<Content>So-so Experience We have been regulars at this hotel for years but our last visit was a disappointment. The concierge that was on duty during most of our stay (not one of the older fellows we know) seemed quite awkward and not particularly helpful. Even the new room cleaner had a bad attitude. It was very off-putting. The hotel itself is intimate and clean, the bathrooms are quite modern. We have always found the hotel to be very quiet. A word of caution, you must take stairs to enter the hotel and notify the concierge if you need help with your luggage. Breakfast is dreadful (always has been) go somewhere else.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place, great people My husband and I stayed at this delightful small hotel on a few occasions e and look forward to our next stay. We were assigned different rooms varying in size, but all turned out to be more than adequate. The hotel is very clean and immaculately kept. All of the high class hotel equipment is available, such as internet PC in your room, bathroom phone line, hair dryer and so on. The staff has always shown a genuine wish to help out with all sorts of requests, from travel arrangements, to restaurant reservations and shopping advise. Frank, one of the receptionists also runs splendid private walking tours of the history and art of Florence which we thoroughly enjoyed and would recommend taking. Breakfast is good, but only continental, no cooked food (by the way, breakfast may be worth only just to be served tea and coffee in their wonderful genuine antique silverware). What we always found extraordinary of this place is the atmosphere, of a quiet and relaxed 19th century Tuscan home where you are filled with attention from fresh flowers in you room, chocolates by your bed at turndown, a concierge with a smile at your arrival and many politeness impossible to enjoy in larger, commercial establishments. We once found in our room invitations to a concert at the nearby famous Teatro della Pergola, compliments of the hotel manager. The location is very good indeed, we could walk to all we are interested in and, though in the centre of the city, in a very quiet location. We did try other more expensive hotels before, but this is definitely our first choice in Florence and have recommended to friends who returned sharing our impression.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place, great value I would highly recommend this establishment and already have. We enjoyer every single day there!. Each one of the staff was professional, helpful and a pleasure to deal with. The room and the bathroom were impeccable and excellently equipped. The price was more than reasonable (150.0 Euro as we booked directly with hotel). The location is very quiet, yet a very short walk to all the places we wanted to go to. I will certainly want to return to this hotel on a next visit to Florence  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Only OK The Morandi was rather nice but not worth the money (EUR 197/night). That's how I would summarize mine and my girlfriend's stay there during three nights at the end of October.On the plus side are the VERY friendly staff and the historical feel of the place, with intact original frescos and other remnants of the former convent.On the minus side are the sort of off location (10 mins walk to the Dome - maybe not that much but Florence is a small city and lots of hotels are more central), a quaint room standard, hard beds and very hard pillows, somewhat iffy bathroom facilities and the fact that the room heating didn't work. If the room rate had been 50 euros lower the Morandi would have been an above average place, but at close to 200 euros (and not including breakfast) it's not. Next time we're in Florence we'll stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstinding boutique hotel We stayed at the Hotel Morandi for a week and were delighted in all respects. The charm of the hotel, the high standard of its equipment and its ideal location were immediately evident, but it is really the service, the quality and helpfulness of the staff that I wanted to mention. The staff were of very real help in allowing us to benefit from our stay in Florence. They respon卢ded promptly and with good humour to every request for assistance. I rarely write eulogies to hotels, but the Morandi is an exception, and I strongly hope we will return soon.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CocoPazzo
<Content>Less IS More The rooms in Morandi are small by most American standards (although actually quite commodious, esp. for those who enjoy Left Bank Paris). But what Morandi lacks in size, it more than makes up in style, grace, charm, and hospitality. The rooms (all unique) reflect their former incarnation as a convent, and antiques are incorporated in the decor, along with modern amenities such as an in-room safe, cable television with Italian, German, and English stations. Some may feel that the location, just off Piazza Annunziata, is out of the mainstream. But many also consider that piazza (designed by Brunelleschi, with terra cotta by Della Robbia) the most beautiful in Florence, is actually less than three blocks from such attractions as the Accademia (which holds the real David), San Marco (with the Fra Angelico frescoes), and the Museo Archeologico (with some of the finest Etruscan figurines in the world), while also being only a five minute stroll to the Duomo. We think nothing of taking our passegiatta from there to the Ponte Vecchio and back after dinner, stopping along the way at a favorite cafe, bar, or gelaterie. It's small (eleven rooms) but wonderful. We love Morandi. It is the embodiment of Bella Firenze for us.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>High promise - Outstanding execution I have just come back from a trip to Europe and stayed at the Morandi alla Crocetta after extensive research work for the best value for money. I must with no doubt compliment the Morandi for being more than up to what they promise. I had all the help and attention form the desk staff I could ever ask for. They helped in restaurant and museum entrance reservations as well as shopping and other useful hints. The hotel itself is delightful and very well appointed. The computer in my room worked fine and it is the only hotel I have experienced to provide reasonable priced internet connection directly form a computer set up in your bedroom. I will certainly recommend this hotel as a great place to stay, great staff and good prices.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>davekv
<Content>High promise - poor execution This hotel has more promise but fails on execution more than any I鈥檝e ever experienced. It is highly regrettable that this most excellent property is run by such a bunch of uncaring and unhelpful people. Indeed, asking them the simplest question seemed to create a burden on them that only stopped sort of outward sighs and hostility. More on that in a moment. First, the good things:The hotel is a former convent that is in remarkable shape with Crosses carved in the ceiling beams along with all antique furnishings. When we first arrived, I couldn鈥檛 help but softly begin a Gregorian chant just to hear it echo in the high ceilings of the entry. Similarly, the room had wonderful oriental rugs set on top of inlaid wood floors. Truly beautiful. Unfortunately, the physical plant is where the beauty ends. The fellows who work the desk reminds one of movie characters out of a grade C horror flick who might have taken over a convent in order to work on Frankenstein-style experiments in the basement while having to put up with boarders to support themselves. Even the smallest and tiniest of requests create a burden for them and they are quite excellent at making you feel a burden.For example, the hotel advertises 鈥渨i-fi鈥?Internet access in every room. After settling in, I tried to connect my laptop but no luck. There is a very modern pc in the room that had Mozilla browser available but it demanded access codes (profiles) before connecting. (I learned latter that the pc in the room was wireless but you cannot hook up your own pc to their network). So, I went out to inquire as to how to get on the Internet. I was told, 鈥?I have no idea about things like computers and so you must try by just pressing on keys hoping that it will connect.鈥?I asked if tech support was available via a phone call and was told that would not be possible.Another terrific example was when we went to the desk with the name and address of a Florence restaurant that had been highly recommended by friends. After considerable prodding, the desk fellow finally agreed to look up the phone number in the phone book. His first attempt failed. I insisted he try again, he did so and this time he failed again. He said that since we had the address, forget about calling and just go there. So, after a 10-euro cab ride we arrived at the restaurant to find it completely closed. He couldn鈥檛 have cared less that we spent time and money tracking down a place he could have found by phone with just a little bit of effort. But the lack of help that took the cake was our desperate attempt to find a tour into the Uffizi gallery. We had not purchased tickets in advance (sold out) and were loathe to wait 3 hours in the 鈥渘o reservation鈥?ticket line. We learned that tour groups were a definite possibility because included with most tours is a 鈥渘o wait鈥?ticket into the museums. We inquired about such tours at the desk and the fellow told us he knew nothing about them. He said he didn鈥檛 know where to locate any and that his best recommendation was to spend the 3 hours in line. Late into the evening, I found a tour company on the Internet and made arrangements for a tour for the following day. The tour operator asked where we were staying and when I replied the Morandi alla Crochette, the operator said we could find the tour company's brochure in the lobby. Later, I asked the same fellow at the desk for the brochure and he produced tour brochures for 3 different operators! He had bald-faced lied to me in my original request for help! He just didn鈥檛 want to be bothered! One final well-deserved criticism of these guys. I mentioned earlier how physically beautiful the property is 鈥?well these fellows are even trying to mess that up. The bathrooms have ceramic tiles that are consistent with the rest of the property. But, these guys hung cheap-looking plastic towel bars and shelving that looks like it belongs in Motel 6. So, bottom line is that unless they completely overhaul the help (God forbids that maybe these guys are the owners!), I must recommend vigorously against this place. Too bad, too, because without the much affected front desk help, this would be a dynamite hotel.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>2	3	5	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>georgewalker
<Content>A gem in the heart of Florence Have stayed at this hotel 3 times and have also sent friends there. It is in a quiet street (trust me you want that in Florence) and from the front looks unexciting. But once inside it is quite lovely, great rooms and super service.It is an old convent and much more interesting than any chain hotel. Good value for money in Florence.I would stay there again without doubt.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Grat small hotel Great small hotel. I just feel they should be complimented for best service, best atmosphere, best rooms, best prices.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Off the Beaten Track My husband and I stayed at Hotel Morandi October 25-30, 2004. We had to haul our luggage up two long flights of marble stairs from the street to reach the entrance of the hotel. Our room (25) was beautifully furnished in the style of the old convent, and there was room for a couch and chairs. At that time the management was testing a free internet service with terminals in each room. The bathroom was spacious with a tub, a treat for a tired tourist who desires a good soak. The room had one large window that overlooked a small courtyard, but it was difficult to open the outside shutters to let in the light, leaving me feeling a little closed in. Also, the whole place is locked on the street and at the front door from 9 pm until early the next morning. There is no staff there at night, though we were given a phone number to call in case of emergency. We did not eat breakfast there, as it was an additional E11.The hotel is on a small, unattractive street that is busy during the day but quiet at night. However, it is several blocks' walking distance before you get to streets and piazzas that have restaurants and stores. In October, it was dark when we went out for dinner, and we didn't want to walk very far, thus limiting our choice of restaurants, which we felt was not that good in that neighborhood. Also, being a bit away from the centers of interest (between the Duomo and the river) required that we walk a little farther each day before we could take in the wonderful museums and sights.The hotel was unusual, the room comfortable, and the staff pleasant and helpful. However, if we visit Florence again, I would look for a room closer to the center of the city.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place in Florence, do your own parking! We stayed at Morandi Alla Crocetta for one night in Sept. 2004. The hotel is close to the Duomo but is hard to find on a small one way street in an area of many one way streets. We had to keep circling in our rental car. Once there the hotel is up one level from the street without lift. Reception helped with bags. I chose this hotel because reviews were good, close in, and parking available. Street is narrow at their one bay parking garage. The clerk offered to park the car because of the tight fit however, in the course of him trying to park it he ran it into the garage door jamb on the right rear fender and then the rear bumper on the left side. Luckly I had insurance! The staff was very professional, proper, nice and helpfull. The double room had an extra bed and a couch. It was tight but nicely furnished with antiques and romantic. Bed was comfortable, bath with small shower, very clean. Free in room internet was nice. Don't go for the appearance from the street or the fact that it was a convent, you can't tell it. Did't take the 11 Euro breakfast, did not see it to tell if it would be worth it either. Great snack bar for breakfast and lunch at end of street on the right corner towards Duomo. We had a great stay and would go back but we will do our own parking!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>perfect quiet spot in Florence We stayed for four nights in mid-September. While the front was a bit off-setting, the rooms were perfect. We had two rooms (doubles) that could have actually slept three. Each room had a nice sitting area and very nice sized bathrooms. After our first day of sightseeing, the hotel provided a computer with internet services (without our request) which came in quite handy to make train reservations. The hotel is nicely situated near the Duomo and Accademia, both areas with nice restaurants and within easy walking distance. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. I will be staying here again upon returning to Florence.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Teresuzza
<Content>Great Atmosphere This hotel provided a great, relaxing atmosphere after days of sightseeing and touring around. The front desk staff is very attentive and very well mannered. They only have one spot in their parking garage and we were lucky enough to get it. They charge 16 euros a day for it, but, well worth it. The location is close to the Duomo and within walking distance of all of Florence's attractions. The only drawback is that this hotel is on the second floor and has no elevator. With four of us travelling, 2 adults and 2 teenagers, hauling the luggage up the stairs was quite the task. However, upon arrival and check-in, the front desk person helped with all the baggage....truly amazing! The room was quite nice...a little small..but nice! Breakfast is outrageously priced at 11 euros per person so we skipped that and enjoyed the cafes on the streets nearby. I agree with the previous review that the hotel has an 'old' smell to it, but not unbearable or irritating in any way. It just adds to the atmosphere of this place.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best find in our travels   showReview(2347552, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rgelber
<Content>Comfortable digs near the Duomo   showReview(2241096, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DJDxMKD
<Content>Quiet Hotel with great classic feel       Sleeping Area W/Frescos  
<Date>Nov 18, 2003
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant choice   showReview(1424471, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marinade
<Content>Pleasant and clean   showReview(1133420, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2003
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An oasis   showReview(1104356, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything You've Read So Far is True   showReview(917651, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JoErf
<Content>Love Tuscan Style   showReview(852780, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The one place I really want to go back to   showReview(841543, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great little hotel filled with atmosphere and refinement   showReview(657973, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bschneb
<Content>adresse de charme 脿 10mn de la piazza della signora   showReview(8823349, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

