<Author>JamesVki
<Content>Not 5 star rooms, Go to the Westin or Laguna       stain and mold on lap shade  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	1	1	

<Author>foreda
<Content>What a Beautiful Place, Bali is a Paradise First of all, Bali is a very special place, very interesting, very different, the island of Gods...The culture, beautiful, simple, natural people (inside and outside), their offers to Gods, their clothes, their ceremonies, in the air there is a smell of faith! You feel immortal when you look the big waves  sunset in Uluwatu...The Hotel is beautiful, quiet, very green and peaceful, you will not go back to home, it is a paradise. We have extended our holiday! And I hope we will come back. You are in a small jungle, they are flowers everywhere, they smell too good, the birds are singing, the water is running:-)The Singaraja rooms was very nice, clean and cosy. The room services were very good. Breakfast was yummy, do not miss it. The restaurants are very good and the prices are like Europe, not expensive for 5 stars hotel at all. The staff...they are beautiful people, sweethearts, they are always smiling and helpful, you can see from their face they are good people (lots of people from BALI makes you feel like this). The mango and papaya juices, you can get in the swimming pool.The reception, business service was good. Nice SPA, and you can get massages near to the beach. The sunset is wonderful, it makes you feel in an other world. How can I explain, go and live for a while in this paradise, you will change:-)  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Bhamtraveller_7
<Content>Outstanding Service and great beach location A wonderful hotel. The staff could not do enough for us. The room (Singharaja Wing) was very spacious and the concierge service in the wing really useful with afternoon snacks and drinks always available.For travelling around Bali we pre booked a driver - Wayan Lia, who is one of Dean's Drivers of Distinction. He was excellent and his knowledge of the island and culture made the two days so interesting.Overall I would recommend Bali - it was everything we hoped for and the Intercontinental helped to make it extra special.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BassoBoy
<Content>Inter-Fantastic and In Love       Make Sure You Treat Yourself At Ko Resturant  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelalot2
<Content>Perfect in every aspect We stayed at the beginning and at the end of our Bali/Java trip. It was one of our best decision in our travel history. We have chosen this place among such a big offer on Bali based on the reviews here on TA. And everything positive we read was true and even better when experienced on our own. Its true that this hotel is huge, but you never feel it. We easily walk alone through the lagoons or found anytime free loungers in the gardens. Smiling service is also available around. And you believe that these people do enjoy the job. We loved the beach where you can walk while no one is disturbing you. The view is on open sea and you have airport in distance on one side and green hill on the other. Though we booked Club level all above is available to everyone. The Club itself is however a different story which I believe gave our stay additional dimension. Airport assistance at the beginning, private car transfer and lounge with relaxed checkin to start with. Club offering has been also described before and its really amazing. It is the best IC club lounge we have experienced till now! Rooms are newly renovated in modern balinese style and were the best for us, even staying at Four Seasons during our trip. We have got when staying on first leg a duplex suite over two floors and during our second stay hotel allocated to us Bukit suite with three rooms and huge bathroom with jacuzzi. Better end to our Bali trip I could hardly imagine. To summarize I strongly recommend this place at all levels of accommodation and it is just pitty that Bali and this resort specifically is so far for us from Europe and its probably impossible to find something of its kind closer.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>sleeplessrose
<Content>Everything was absolutely beautiful.......       Main swimming pool  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nad猫ge
<Content>Unforgettable honeymoon My husband and I stayed at the Intercontinental in Jimbaran Bay a year ago for the first 10 nights of our honeymoon, and have nothing but fantastic memories of the place! The smells of frangipani flowers when you first get to the resort, the smiling and helpful staff, the wonderful cocktails from the club lounge鈥?br/>We had a club room and loved everything about the club facilities: large and comfortable room with daily fruit platter, the chocolate and Balinese tale left on our pillows every night, the kind butler always ensuring we had everything we needed, the gorgeous swimming pool, and above all, the club lounge where we spent most of our evenings! The cocktails there are wonderful, and so is the food (beware, you will put on weight!). There are also some computers available to check your emails, as well as a well-stocked DVD library if you fancy watching a movie in your room.The rest of the resort is equally amazing, the massage we had at the spa was lovely, the beach is great and not crowded. The sea can be a bit choppy but then, just rent a boogy board from the beach club and enjoy the waves!There is a lot to see in Bali, so do not hesitate to hire a driver for the day (just ask one of the staff) 鈥?it is a cheap and efficient way to tour the island.Bali is beautiful, and you can鈥檛 go wrong with the Intercontinental.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pkwong
<Content>Great Hotel but not sure about the location After I read about all the reviews I decided to stay in this Hotel. Once we got there we can't believe how big this resort and the service was great. We have several people greeted us and they offerred great welcome drinks. Good size room and great spa service. Only thing we didn't care much was the location. There is nothing to see in that area, you need a car to go anywhere. We love to stay inside the resort to relax.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	1	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MelbourneHussey
<Content>could be better We stayed here for a total of 6 nights in a resort classic room and I must say I was a little dissapointed after staying at Le Meriden Nirwana. Firstly the rooms look tired,bathroom tiles cracked, floorboards old, roll-out bed oldbattered. The toiletries were definately sub-standard, tacky ,ceramic re-fill bottles with shampoo that made my hair look like steelo. . Some good points were: breakfast, staff, main pool [the others including the children's were cold  a little dirty] access to the beach.This hotel is not 5 star and not worth the price. All activities [kids club to cooking demos are charged].Nothing is complimentary. Would not return.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>Khalilm
<Content>18/20 for this outstanding resort I always stay in InterContinental or Four Seasons Hotels and this time I decided to give the InterContinental Bali a try since it is known to be one of the most beautiful resorts in Bali. And believe me, it is!I booked directly with the hotel through HotelRooms and I chose a Resort Classic Suite. The hotel offers a welcome and assistance at the airport (free for Club guests). A lady was waiting for me as soon as I got off the plane. I gave her my passport and she stamped it for me. She then escorted me outside the airport where the hotel driver was waiting for me.The resort is 15 minutes from the airport and there was at least 5 people greeting me on my arrival. I was escorted to the Instant Check-in counter and they informed me that I was upgraded to a Duplex suite in the newly renovated area. I arrived at the hotel at 9 am and the staff informed me that my suite would be ready within 30 minutes and I was invited to wait in the Club Lounge even though I didn't book a Club room. Club Lounge:Having visited more than 80 InterContinental properties around the world, this is definitely the triendiest, most beautiful and well equipped Club lounge I know! Nice dark wood and beige colours with indoor and outdoor seating area. Fresh drinks are served all day long (The lounge is open 24hrs/24) and nice snacks/canapes. The service is just wonderful.Duplex Suite Singaraja style:80 sqm suite with the bedroom mezzanine style. View on the hotel gardens with partial ocean view. Beautiful beige and dark wood colours with typical balinese furniture. High speed internet access (cabled) and 2 huge plasma screen Tv's in both the living room and the bedroom. Bathroom with bathtub and walk-in shower. Good water pressure and Aveda amenities. Bathroom is fully equipped and each Tv has a dvd player. The resort is huge so consider walking at least 5 minutes from the lobby to the suite!There was a lot of renovation works going on in front of my room and I had difficulties sleeping. I asked the second day to change my room and since the hotel was full I was upgraded to a lovely suite bigger than the one I had; The suite wasn't renovated the Balinese style but was in an excellent condition and ocean front on the ground floor with direct access to the Club pool. Huge private terrasse and jacuzzi in the bathroom.What I loved most in the resort is the private butler service with friendly people that are ready to do anything to get a smile on my face! And believe me, Balinese people are friendly, generous and they make you feel really important....Food  Beverage:Many food outlets in the resort: Japanese gastronomic food (Excellent), Jimabaran Gardens (snacks and pool restaurant that is lovely at night), Italian restaurant (not my favourite) and room service. I usually rarely like the food room service serves but I have tasted the best chicken burger ever at the InterContinental Bali.The resort hosts several events during the week to get adults and children busy everyday (sushi night, Bali dancing night, Fish market visit, etc.)The resort is 20 minutes from the nightlife area of Bali called Kuta and Seminyak. The hotel driver can take you anywhere for 10 USD per hour which is much convenient. Good English spoken throughout the resort and I would definitely recommand anyone who can afford it to book a Club room and take advantage of all the facilities offered: Private Club pool, Inspiration lounge with free dvd, books and computer rentals, club lounge and free airport transfer in a Jaguar, etc.Service a bit slow around the main swimming pool. Outstanding Spa services at the Villa retreat with great therapists and affordable prices compared to Europe (120 USD a 2 hours treatment).I will definitely come back very soon to Bali. The island has a lot to show and staying at the InterContinental Bali was a pleasure.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	5	3	

<Author>LiQ-American
<Content>A Nice Quick Trip The wife and I had a chance to get away from Taipei for a quick 4 day weekend during the Double Ten (Oct. 10th), holiday here. We booked this place through a China Airlines holiday package at the last moment. We were only able to get their basic room package at the InterContental and we didn't plan for anything extra at all. Well we were not disappointed. We flew business class both ways and had a VIP VOA which removed the long visa lines. This was a nice start. Upon arrival at the hotel they had the information from our previous stays with them, but they were unable to upgrade our room from the rooms in the 2000 block buildings. Not a problem for we were just grateful to be in Bali. The room was basic for this 5 star hotel, but still very nice. They had champagne and fresh strawberries waiting for us. I didn't drink any, but the wife enjoyed her half a glass. No real view to write about from the room we were given, but can't complain on such short notice. They didn't have a large LCD screen TV like we've had here in the past, and their ESPN didn't work at first. But the wife really wanted to get away from all that. For that matter, I didn't get my daily IHT newspaper, to my wife's delight. Overall, for a short notice booking, we were very pleased with our stay. I did complain on the third day about not getting ESPN, and they came within 5 minutes and fixed it. Just in time for them to reprogram the channels and for me to watch my Red Sox blow a 4 run lead and lose to Tampa Bay. The wife pointed out that if I hadn't watched them, that perhaps they might have won the series. Good point.In conclusion, for the limited time we spent planning for this short holiday, we were very pleased. Always a beautiful sunset and great happy hour mocktails as the sun came down at their ocean bar. The ocean was always perfect with a clean and wonderful environment. The large pool areas were still the same(nice). We were always able to find a couple of loungers with a bit of shade for the wife.  Friendly staff, management and guests. Even without the large LCD TV and no morning international newspapers, it was a perfect way to get away. I should also mention, we just loved the personalized juices they make in front of you during breakfast. A very nice touch.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>RoamingPlanetSeattle
<Content>Too Big and Buggy To Be Personal Intercontinental Bali, or what the local drivers fondly refer as The InterCon is no doubt a superb luxury property with lush setting and prime location, however, since the review is based on the experience upon the hotel's established rating, I must say the experience is so so for a 5 star hotel.I will state the bad experiences first, then the good, then my personal statement for our anniversary stay. Being a travel agent with a IATAN card, we also had our fairshares of experience at other 5 star hotels around the world (Fairmonts, Ritz, Four Seasons, etc).First, the checkin encounters were a real turn-off- When we checked in, they could not find our reservations till we produced our reservation document with Travelocity, then we were refered to a different desk, where a lady went to a telephone and spoke for quite a long time holding our Travelocity reservation papers, which I suppose they were checking with Travelocity's hotline. Then we were told (quite seamlessly) that as first time visitors to InterCon Bali, we were automatically upgraded to the Club Room (which I am pretty sure by now they lost our reservation - i booked the cheapest room on sale, and was upgraded to the highest tier room due to first time visit? Never happens to oany other first visit, nice gesture though. ) However, my gratitude lasted as long as the moment where she kindly forbid us to visit the Club Lounge, Club Pool and Club Breakfast. TWICE, as if we were sneaking kids. Then, the next day, the removed the Club Red Carpet from our door (working in the travel industry this seems like an old school service trick), and viola, we are no longer getting daily grapes, crackers and fresh fruits while they are still going to our REAL CLUB neighbors. So this whole pretentious sorry we lost your reservation so we lie about upgrade you to royalty then constantly reminded your of your real status thing, a real disappointment. I rather just have any room, thank you very much.The BAD:Top of the list, bugs. Lush setting and fish pool et all is great, ponds near guest rooms - bad idea. We stayed in the Club room, the highest tier of the rooms, and over our first night, doors and windows tightly closed and aircon on cold, we killed 5 mosquitoes within 3 hours. No wonder a bottle of RAID comes in handy in every room and a nice fine-paper note reminding guests to close the doors tightly after 5:30PM. We sprayed the room every night after that waking up with 3 itchy unsightly bites each. Well, the smell of RAID really countered any soothing effect of the nice AVEDA toiletry items.Then, like a second plague there comes the flies. We visited the lovely buffet, which was really great with so many items, but we soon realized that at least one person should guard the food and drinks at the table at all times as flies are constantly visiting all guests at the Breakfast restaurant room - inside too because the door of the restaurant constantly opens to the outside for the guests dining on the beautiful porches. We didn't know this at first and returned to our table only to find two flies crawling over our first plates and coffee cups, which to our dismay, we had to waste the food and resorted to only eating one plate at a time for the rest of our stay.Bugs aside, another bad experience was with the Beach. At higher tide in the afternoon the experience is fine, but in the morning, the portion of the beach immediately in front of the hotel is riddled with trash, I boogie boarded onto a plastic bag and then a flattened drink box, and then a couple balls of tangled sea weeds with plastic debris in the first two minutes. As I packed up to leave, the lifeguard (who was very polite and nice btw) told me that the beach off to the side of the hotel is cleaner - he was right and I ended up walking off to the side, and stayed another hour, minimizing my additional trash encounter to maybe three of four and enjoyed the beach then- thanks to the lifeguard.Like the stereotypical tropical celebrating couples, we like resorty drinks and had many good ones else where in Bali, but we simply could not find one good tropical drink - sweet and just right at the pool bar -- Our two selections of featured menu drinks were out of ingrdients (bars out of 3 of 5 ingridents on a not busy day? No white rum? Instead we were offered strong mixed drinks that tasted bitter and at least 4 shots in each drink for a few days - We are younger couples barely 30 and could hold our drinks, but getting drunk is something we planned to do in Kuta, not in the hotel pool swimming intoxicated with swimming infants around. How about more honeymoon like, sweety-weakie drinks? Also smoking of cigarettes and cigars are allowed around the pool while little kids are running by, just a note.Lastly, no irons or iron board in room, and if you special request one, you get an old iron, a small board, and for only two hours. As a result the first two hours i spent in heavenly bali was ironing clothes, then returned to the first service staff who came back to collect them, then got two more staff coming to collect the same items which was returned in the next hour. Iron really was a precious commodity at this hotel!The Good: The food was great, price is about $25 for buffet breakfast which has just about everything you want (Japanese guard stew! Balinese Curry! Noodle soup bar! Made to order omelettes and pancakes and waffles!) , or you can get a great deal for $15 for one of the breakfast sets in-room, which the polite staff set up oh-so-patiently and maticulously. In room Dinner items are typically $15-20, cheaper than its US or Europe counter parts.The service is excellent by any standard, twice-a-day checks (regular housekeeping and 8:30 night run) Ever smiling friendly staff, items always replenished with the slightest use - Although tipping is discouraged since all balinese hotels include a 10% service fee already, but we just always had to tip for the service was always so fast and attentive.The pool itself is vast and the swim-to-bar feature is cute, pool is perfectly-heated - never a cold moment!One side observation from a dumb tourist, but i enjoy seeing the locals celebrate their culture even in a hotel, fresh hibiscus flowers were offered to the big and small statues throughout the hotel just like we've seen in farm houses and endless puras (temples) in Ubud and the south. Location is excellent on Jimbaran beach, walking distance to the south warung center (beachside seafood dinner centers with many little restaurants) (just to the left of the hotel), and a sunset that delivers on the Jimbaran promise.Overall, there were shining moments and good qualities, but the bug factor makes this grand resort seem cheap.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	3	3	5	3	

<Author>stuiedo
<Content>5 stars of luxury! Just come back from the Intercontinental from our honeymoon stay of 6 nights.We had been in a camper van in Oz for a week so were looking forward to the luxury, and we werent let down!Check in was pleasant and quick, sitting on the sofas with a welcome cocktail.I would definatley recommend getting breakfast included - it was amazing, had absolutely everything you could want!!The hotel is beautiful. Some reviews have said that it is a little old, but i think that adds to teh charm. Although nothing seemed tired or worn out. The buildings and gardens are beautiful and the pools are great for relaxing in. The beach is also fantatsic too!The food at the hotel is good, however i would say that as with all the hotels the food and drink are very expensive. If you have the time or energy venturing out will save you money. But having said that the hotel does put on some great themed nights, mainly around traditional bali cuisine and dances etc.Would definatley recommend a stay here  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>PerthLIz
<Content>Great Location and Good Service Decided to head back to Jimbaran after staying at the Ritz Carlton in March. Thought we would stay at the Intercontinental for a change. When we first arrived we were a bit surprised at the amount of guests staying at the hotel and the size compared to the RC. I think though this was due to the high season. It was a bit difficult to secure a sunbed and definitely not the same service as the Ritz Carlton around the pool. However after a few days it seemed to get quieter and we just I think got used to the hotel being a bit busier than the RC.The room service was excellent - nice big rooms. Breakfast was first class lots of variety. The Intercontinent l is in a great location - lots of little restaurants near and not too far to Kuta.Overall this is a lovely hotel, a bit big but on the plus side in a great location right on the beach at Jimbaran and not too far from Kuta for shopping and different restaurants. The service is excellent (apart from the pool area) and all the staff are very helpful. We had a few meals at the hotel which were very good and which were the same price as the other 5 stars. If you are heading to Jimbaran this is the perfect spot.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>sharonyp
<Content>Near Perfect Service We find that the service at Intercontinental Bali is superb, almost perfect. We didn't feel comfortable in the first room allocated to us because it was on the ground floor, near to the Singaraja lounge. The front-desk immediately checked and offered us another room on the 1st floor, facing the pools, which was much more decent. When the front-desk discovered that my friend's birthday falls on a day during our stay there, they immediately arranged for a cake to be delivered to our room on her birthday. Upon checking-in, we requested a super-glue as the sole of my friend's sandal was coming off. The housekeeping staff appeared within 10 minutes with the super-glue!!!! The housekeeping responded to all our other requests within a reasonable time-frame. And all their staff are courteous and smiley. The only 1 incident that sort of tainted our views slightly is a staff at the Singaraja lounge. I requested that staff to help me make a reservation for massage at Jari Menari. I believe he pretended to call Jari Menari and subsequently dialled the telephone number of another spa. When he put down the phone, he told me that Jari Menari was fully booked for that day and he quickly recommended repeatedly another spa to me, emphasizing that that spa does pick-up from hotel. The speed at which he promoted another spa made me suspicious. When i went back to my room, I called Jari Menari directly and found that they actually have slots for that day!!! Luckily, this happened on the 2nd last day of our stay.Apart from the superb service, the food was decent, though nothing spectacular. The breakfast buffet was not as comprehensive as I would have expected. Considering that Japanese makes up quite a sizeable group of their guests, the Japanese food section was quite limited. This makes me wonder if the hotel actually takes into consideration the fact that they have a sizeable group of Japanese guests. Their Japanese restaurant was also mediocre. The grounds and pools were GREAT. Although it is such a huge hotel with so many guests, surprisingly we do not feel crowded at the pool and the grounds. I also witnessed an incident which proved that security in Intercontinental Bali is very stringent. Two Caucasian girls (from nearby hotel) gate-crashed and were swiimming in the main pool. The lifeguard and security guard approached them and requested them to leave the hotel grounds immediately.The room in the Singaraja wing was spacious. It has been refurbished. However, some of the sanitary fittings have not been replaced. The tap in the toilet is still the old-styled tap. One our first night, the tap was leaking the entire night cos it was not turned off completely. I also discovered that the room safe is a small safe and my laptop could not fit into it at all.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	2	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Thompsons-Abroad
<Content>Most of the wrinkles are gone       The Club pool  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>vmimartins
<Content>Big luxury hotel This is a big hotel, not new but very well kept. The rooms look a bit tired, but I think the renovations have begin as the wing 6000 had works going on.We stayed in the Singarajah wing 8 nights and the room was spotless and spacious.The benefit of this wing was a bigger room, a concierge plus drinks (fruit juice, water, tea and coffee facilities ) and snacks (scones/danishes/snacks ) available 24 hr a day. The room service was great . As there was 3 of us, the extra bed was put in place immediately and we were never short in towels.The resort gardens are beautifull and very well kept 鈥?with plenty of Balinese influence.Breakfasts were excelent and for all tastes. The natural juice stand was great as we could choose what juice we want and they just made it. The pastries were excelent too.We just dine once at the hotel, in the restaurant by the pool. It was very good, the service excelent but a bit expensive. Local eateries are a few minutes walk down the beach, much less expensive but you can麓t compare the service, confort and ambience with the hotel.... and there always a lot of smoke from the grills. We never had problem on getting chairs by the pool. The staff always get us chairs and towels .It麓s a big luxury hotel - I would stay again and recommend it  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TK_NAK
<Content>Best beach hotel in Bali We went to Bali for our honeymoon in august 2008, and our first hotel in Bali was the Intercontinental at Jimbaran. What a hotel! We stayed in a lovely Duplex suite at the Singaraja wing. The room was in good condition and very spacious. The hotel area is fantastic with lovely gardens and several pools. Even thoug the hotel was almost fully booked, you don`t feel crowded. The staff is extremly friendly, and makes you feel special. The hotel has several good restaurants, however as mentioned before here they are somewhat expencive. But this is the same issue for all 5 star hotels in Bali. The Sunset bar at Intercontinental is the best place to see the sunset in the whole of Bali! If you want to enjoy the beach, good service and nice pools this is the hotel for you!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DJDHobart_Australia
<Content>Safe  My husband and I spent 7 wonderful nights at this hotel. We stayed in the Singarajah wing and were so impressed by the cleanliness of the resort in general, the wonderful staff - so happy to help with anything - and the facilities. We felt safe, comfortable and were regular attendees at the Sunset Bar happy hour. We also had a wonderful beach side bbq at the Sunset Bar. All resort activities are well posted and the 24 hr concierge in our wing was a great resource - as was the genuine interest in your day, complimentary juice/coffee/tea/snacks available whenever you felt like it. Breakfasts were legendary and catered for all nationalities and tastes. At our first breakfast sitting we piled our plates high - eyes much bigger than our bellies!! - by the end of the week we were a little more restrained. Our dinner in the restaurant (can't remember the name - was next to Sunset Bar - was exquisite. Service second to none and food just wonderful. We spent most of our days eating out as the local food is also great but it was a real treat to go to the restaurant. The lobby is very impressive and we felt really special the whole stay. I would recommend this place to everyone - the people are what make Bali so special.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kidscomingwith
<Content>Should Have Heeded Negative Reviews Sometimes I have a tendency to think negative reviews are being too harsh, and can occasionally discount them in favor of the positive ones. I really wanted to believe that this Resort met or exceeded all the praise I read on this site, but in the end, I left a little disappointed.There were definite positives, but there were definite negatives that shouldn't be overlooked.First the Positives: The grounds of the hotel are spectacular. The swimming pools are beautiful, and the beach was kept very clean. Security along the beach was noticeable, and the entry security was reassuring. The massages at Spa Uluwatu were mostly good. I had three, and two were good, one was mediocre. The spa facilities were mostly nice. The jacuzzi for use of couples was very well maintained, but not at all secluded, and staff paraded through constantly. My husband and I were offered use of it, but we didn't feel comfortable, and just lounged beside it instead, wrapped in the sarongs. The sauna in the women's area was well maintained.The restaurant beside the main pool was great, but way too expensive. We ordered a bunch of the grilled seafood dishes, shared a couple beers, and the tab was over $180 US. In contrast, the beach restaurants immediately beside the property charged us $45 US for almost the identical meal, minus the dessert. The service at the pool restaurant was good, though, and the live music was pleasant, but not Balinese at all.The bales beside the pools and dispersed throughout the grounds are nice, but you have to be early to get them. Despite what the website says, they are not monitored, and belongings are not removed. One day, we were at the Club pool for 4 hours, a Russian man put his stuff on a bale at 9:30 am, and didn't return until well after lunch time. There were no seats available by the pool, and his belongings were not moved. We were there for 6 days, and he had to do this frequently because everytime we went to the pool, his stuff was in that bale, even while other guests couldn't find a lounge chair.The Club level is worth the extra money, if to save on breakfast and to get the evening cocktails between 5 and 8 pm. One can consume a lot of sparkling wine in a three hour span, and the food that is served during cocktail hour is enough to allow someone to skip dinner. There are also free dishes available throughout the day, good things like mahi-mahi, curry, rendang, etc. Fresh fruit is always available.Club J is awesome. We took full advantage of it, and the fee for a nanny, $8 US an hour, is quite reasonable. This was a very nice feature.Now the mediocre: The airport transfer and checkin had good points and bad. We arrived on a flight from Japan, and about 20 or more guests were crammed into the lounge at the airport, not nearly enough places to sit, and the staff simply left us there. It was nice to have someone else get our luggage and our passports stamped, though. No complaints about that. The ride to the hotel from the airport was in a beat-up Suzuki minivan, but they separated the guests, and we each got our own cars - and tour guides selling their services. The checkin once we got to the hotel was not at all prompt, and we sat in the club lounge about an hour sipping a ginger beverage. We were there so long, we ordered food and drinks. The butler who took us to our room was pleasant, but we never saw him again after the first night.The rooms photograph well, and at first glance are very nice. But a deeper look will reveal too much mold in the showers, sink basins that are very old and worn, floors that need mopping with more than just a damp cloth, lots of dust and crud in the drawers where clothing is stored, and just a general disregard for the little details. It appears that the cleaning is purely superficial.The bales on the property could use a good steam cleaning. One of the bales beside the club pool was infested with flying insects that bite, and that wasn't a pleasant discovery. The ponds throughout the property need to be cleaned. They're full of muck, and some of them had dead fish in them.Construction in the Club Wing (6000) started before 9 am, and even though we were up, hearing hammering and drilling at first light just sort of took away from the ambiance - but the work they were doing to the area was a vast improvement.Service - it was just mediocre. Some servers were nice, and prompt, and some were awful. Most were somewhere in between. The attention to every detail type of service I'd heard about wasn't there. It's not that I take full advantage of service - I'm that quirky person who almost feels guilty asking for a refill on my drink or extra bread, it drives my husband nuts - but when I needed someone to get something for me (i.e., food order, directions to something, a call to concierge, etc.) I felt like I had to hunt someone down and beg. That makes me feel even more uncomfortable. I don't like being demanding, and hunting down someone so that I can get a meal was a turnoff. That happened a couple of times over the six day period we were there.Now the stuff that ticked me off: The Salon. I had a manicure and pedicure. The pedicurist was almost hostile, and complained about how I had painted my toes. This made me very uncomfortable, and I regret not telling her so. I'm sometimes too nice a person, and this woman deserved to be told off. The manicurist was more congenial, but the manicure was not a good one. My cuticles - usually in good shape, are now all ragged, and I have to see if someone can fix them because I hate the way it looks. The polish came off in a matter of hours. The pedicure was not a good one, either. There was little massage, little cuticle care, not much pumice work, no good calf massage, and my toenails were left too long. My husband got upset that I didn't complain, but I honestly felt that my complaints would have been ignored anyway.Our room keys stopped working. We got locked out, and it took a while to get replacement cards. The Club key doesn't work to get into the gym. We never got keys to get into the gym despite repeated requests, and when my husband asked the attendant on duty to let him in, the guy ignored him. He had to follow other guests into the gym to work out. That was just wrong. Repeated complaints to the guest services were met with a simple we're sorry but never a resolution. The Italian Restaurant Bella was a big turn off. The food was okay quality and all, but it took so long to place an order, we had to repeatedly hunt down wait staff to get help, and it took forever to get our food. My recommendation is to avoid this restaurant at all costs.Service trays sat in the hallways for hours on end. Even in the Club level.Ants were EVERYWHERE. Our room was inundated. We couldn't enjoy the fresh fruit left in our room daily because it was always covered with ants. Our desk was covered in ants, the porch was covered with ants, and there were ants in the bathroom. This hotel needs to do something about the ant problem.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	2	3	2	3	

<Author>funtnt
<Content>Beautiful resort, 5 star treatment       Intercontinental Pool1  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pinkburrows
<Content>A perfect honeymoon       View from beach BBQ right next to hotel  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Aussie_traveller120
<Content>Loved the experience We stayed at the InterContinental in July 2008. We chose to stay in a Club Singaraja room. The benefit of this was a slightly larger room, but this wing also had a 24 hr concierge plus basic drinks and snacks available 24 hr a day. The main benefit of this was a free lunch, with scones/danishes/snacks plus fruit juice, water and tea and coffee facilities. The room itself was clean, spacious, with a lovely balcony view of one of the pools with the ocean in the distance. This is one BIG hotel.We tried a few of the in house restaurants. The Japanese restaurant was very slow in service for both drinks and food. We booked at one of the Teppinyaki grills for 7.30, but didn't get to eat until 8.50. I ordered an appitiser off the menu, to be presented with it from the kitchen, not the Teppinyaski grill! For a business lunch I would have walked out, however as we were on holiday I just had another beer and waited...The Italian restaurant was lovely, we dined on the verandah with a lovely seabreeze.Beachside dining was fine, but not top shelf. Happy hour was greeting enthusiastically most days whilst watching the sunset.Local eateries are only a few minutes walk down the beach should you not wish to dine at the resort.The resort itself swalllows a lot of guests, it was 100% full when we were there, but you could still source a sunlounge with prior planning (i.e. dump your books/sunscreen on one on the way to breakfast)All pools are superb, with good poolside dining and drink service. There is also a swim up bar. There was a variety of guests, from young couples to families and mature couples. I never felt like it was too noisy or busy for me to relax. Kuta is only a few bucks away in an airconditioned meter taxi when the shopping bug bites.Breakfast was excellent, better than the Laguna in Nusa Dua that we later stayed at.You could do a lot worse than stay here. I enjoyed the experience immensely.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>TravelcatsSF
<Content>Attention to every detail Spent 10 days this July at the Intercontinental. The location, Jimbaran, is fantastic if you like having the wonderful pools of the hotel AS WELL as the beach. During the day, the beach is quiet, and you can walk from one end to the other, about half an hour, and only pass several people. In the evening, the beach comes alive with local kids playing impromptu soccer games and amazing small fish restaurants. The restaurants are more like huts with dozens of tables situated on the sandy beach. Go to the hut, pick a fish or lobster, and sit back down only to have a delicious BBQ meal delivered to you 10 minutes later. Enough about the beach. The sprawling grounds of the IC are immaculately maintained. People watering, picking up freshly fallen leaves, and raking sand. The service is extremely good and personalized. It will shock you at first in that staff will constantly ask how you are by name, did you like the chicken you had for dinner last night, or how was your day in Ubud? How do these folks even know whom I am???We spent several days at the Oberoi on Lombok, and while it's very beautiful, the value at the IC is far better overall when you consider cost. Highly recommend the IC!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>SSS2005
<Content>Great property.... I spent a lot of time researching the right hotel for us in Bali. We were travelling with a 2yr old daughter and pregnant wife so it needed to be just right. IC was perfect. We booked the Duplex Suite in the Club level. They have the best club lounge and services I have ever experienced. They airport arrival service is well worth the extra money. We were in our car, heading to the hotel in less than 10mins. They greeted us upon exiting the plane and took care of everything - visa, currency exchange, baggage etc while we sipped some nice tea in their small, but comfortable lounge. The room was very nice and spacious. Their staff impeccable. Nothing is too much trouble. We used their Club J babysitting services and that too comes up with top marks. For a family I think this hotel has everything - great spa, pool, beach, food, grounds, children's facitilies. They only 2 points to make - no men are allowed in the children's club and no kids (under 12) after 5pm in tthe lounge - which is both good and bad!!! But was a bit of a pain for our family. Their club amenities is worth paying the extra money. We had breakfast in the regular place the first couple of days but after eating it in the lounge - smaller menu but better service - we were hooked. They have an area they call the Inspiration Lounge too which is great place to just chill out. One night we were too tired to go out for dinner so we asked if we could get food from their restaurant delivered to our room or come by and pick it up.... it was delivered pipping hot - all off the menu items!!!Great hotel!!! Did not leave the pool side - my daughter was paddling around for upto 5 hours a day and the evenings she would dance to the live music at their pool side restaurant. If you have kids - book the club level as the children's club is included in the price.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Markus26
<Content>Club perfect... Stayed at the IC a year ago in the club wing and couldn't fault it. Great service, beautiful hotel and a nice beach location.Food was very good in the restaurants, but as you would expect quite expensive. Do take the opportunity to venture outside for dining. Especially in Seminyak, but also close to Jimbaran you'll find excellent restaurants.Upgrading to a club room is definately worth it. The lounge offers great FB services and exquisite coctails. Some nights and most lunches the club menu was sufficient for us.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HollyStar
<Content>Paradise! My boyfriend and i recently stayed at the intercontinental, Jimbaran beach Bali and all i can say is that it was perfect.Not only were the rooms very reasonably priced but the service was superb.When you asked for something from the staff you would often find that they wouldn't just walk off to go and help they would walk a little way and then run to get it as quickly as possible!we had quite a few meals in the hotel, all of which were of a very high standard . The service there was also impeccible yet not intrusive.We booked in for a romantic meal on our last night, which was lovely - petals in heart shapes, 4 course meal and our own private waiter all at a very good price.the couples spa treatment in the villa was also lovely - one of the best massages I have ever had, and my french pedicure lasted a whole month before chipping!things arent free at the intercontinental, if you have a large family it could soon add up with charges for boogie board hire etc, but for the british pound at the moment it really wasnt that bad.The pool area is stunning and being right on the beach is a definate benefit (most of the other 5 * hotels in the area have a bit of a walk to the beach). Also just next door is the famous barbeque restaurants which are ridiculously cheap and delicious for fresh seafood.The intercontinental also offers some good extras such as movie night (big outdoor screen) and themed evenings.My only gripe was the cost of breakfast - as a captive market they do hike up the price - however it is a buffet so you could get you moneys worth if you wanted to.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>holidaysrus-xyz
<Content>Very Relaxing We have just returned from having spent 8 nights at the Intercontinenal Jimbaran, which was just what the doctor ordered we wanted a nice luxury hotel in which we could rest and unwind which is what we did. We had a duplex room which was lovely but found we did not use the lounge area much, our room over looked the pool and gardens which are beautiful. In the Singaraja wing the snacks they offer throughout the day are good.Lazing by the pool each day was very relaxing not overcrowded and the pool staff very attentive if you needed them, plus nice toilets, showers and changing rooms near pool. The Jimbaran beach is much better than Kuta which we visited and walked along one day we found it busy dirty not very nice at all.Our beach was cleaner but not many good places to eat so you are resricted to the hotel which can be pricey if you are eating all your meals there, but saying that all the restaurants were very good especially the Italian and the Japanese. We were lucky enough to be staying the week they had celeb Chef Bobby Chinn cook a special Tastes of Vietnam Dinner and give a talk very good evening.The hotel is very spacious so never feels busy the staff are very good and welcoming. It was are first time to Bali and we will go back so that we can see some of the island next time. So if you are looking for a very relaxing Holiday then I would recomend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>sazzbear
<Content>Great with a few gripes We just spent three nights at the Intercon in Bali. For a family with two young children, the Intercon is ideal, as our kids really enjoyed the pools and the club they have for kids. For us adults too, the facilities were excellent. The gym was great and we enjoyed the pool and various food establishments too as the quality of food was excellent. The beach isn't as beautiful as others say it was, maybe we are too spoiled having been to various beaches in Australia, Thailand and others. Nice for the kids for playing in the sand. Service was in general attentive with some annoying lapses, e.g., at breakfast, we had to ask a number of times for coffee. Other things we did not like (for a 5 star): internet cost was approx. US$10 per day per laptop (we had two) whereas in other hotels we stayed at, the cost was per room; we were supposed to get a daily newspaper but did not; rooms did not get tea bags (although the coffee machine was great) and milk for coffee was not consistently replaced by housekeeping; service at the poolside cafe was a bit slow; sending a postcard using their business centre cost a highly-inflated US$1.10 per card. Overall though, we enjoyed the hotel and its beautiful landscaping thoroughly, though because of the few gripes we had, we will try other well-regarded places first before returning to this one.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	3	2	

<Author>Travellers286
<Content>Beautiful hotel. My partner and I spent a week at the Intercontinental.We booked a club level room, and were given a Club Duplex Suite - a fantastic room over two levels. The club level booking includes invaluable assistance through immigration at Ngurah Rai airport, transfers to/from the airport, and access to the club lounge at the hotel 24 hours a day.The hotel itself is a large complex, however it is spacious and did not appear to be too crowded, even at more than 60% occupancy. The gardens are superb, the beach is beautiful, and club guests have exclusive use of the lovely club pool, located in a quiet part of the grounds.The club lounge is a quiet place for breakfast, light meals at any time of the day, and complimentary drinks and canapes from 5pm to 8pm. The Inspirational Space, an offshoot of the club lounge, offers internet services, books and DVDs.......even iPods for entertainment at the club pool.We could not have been happier with the Intercontinental Hotel. We were just looking for relaxation, and this place offered it in abundance, in Balinese style.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>SidSingapore
<Content>Nice Hotel - Good Value Well kept hotel. Stayed in the Singaraja Wing. They provide complimentary coffee and fruits in the lobby of the Singaraja wing. That is very useful. Especially if you have a small child. The kids club is also quite good.They do advertise 6 pools (one of which is the club pool - not accesible to all). However only 2 of the 5 other are really viable. The main pool facing the beach is large and never feels crowded. The water temp is also great.Breakfast is standard (i mean good). Enough bottled water provided everywhere for free; that is vv imp in a country like Indonesia. The staff is helpful and courteous. Poolside menu is limited and service is slow. We got cold grilled sandwiches after a long wait. Wife had a good experience in the beauty salon.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>vilda
<Content>great week at the Intercontinental I stayed for a week at the Intercontinental resort at the beginning of June.I had done a lot of research before booking the hotel,because i wanted to make sure the whole family had a great holiday.we had a club room,and i felt that was a good deal for us. We had both lunch and afternoon coctails in the club lounge everyday. The kids club is also included in the room price when you book a club room. My six year old really enjoyed the kids club,and the ladies working there are so sweet and nice,and really knows how to make the kids feel welcome.The room is nice with a good size bathroom. The gardens and pools are really nice. Even if the hotel is a bit old,the keep it in a very good condition. The jimbaran beach is beautiful. Fun waves to swim and play in.We absolutely got what we came for,a nice relaxing family holiday.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tripaddictor
<Content>Nice staff and nice beach       king size bed  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>Cartman72
<Content>Very very nice I stayed 5 days in Bali and split that between 3 at the Grand Hyatt and 2 at the Intercontinental. I am going to try to compare and contrast between the two. I will put this review under both hotels.Grand Hyatt Bali. I stayed at the Grand Hyatt first and my initial reaction was WOW! The hotel, the room, the gardens, and the pool were just beautiful. The breakfast was ok, but the scenery was, again, beautiful. We were sitting right by the fish pond during breakfast, and I was able to feed the fish from our table (very fun!).Intercontinental: Having stayed at the Grand Hyatt first, I was initially a little disappointed with the pool and the gardens. The Intercontinental is much smaller than the Grand Hyatt, and I don't think as pretty. However, by the end of my stay, I came to like the Intercontinental a bit more than I did the Grand Hyatt. The Intercontinental has little thoughtful touches that the Grand hyatt does not.Rooms. I do not think you can go wrong with either hotels' rooms. I liked the rooms at the Grand Hyatt more, my travel companion liked the rooms at the Intercontinental more.Pool and gardens: The Grand Hyatt property is much bigger. The Grand Hyatt has things like water slides, basketball nets in the pools, etc so I think is much more kid friendly. The pools also snake around the property and has a lot of areas where it is hidden from view. There is also a hot tub and a cold plunge right nest to the pool. The pools at the Intercontinental are all rectangular and the main pool has a very nice swim up bar. Although I did not think it was as nice as the Grand Hyatt pools initially, it grew on me the more I stayed there and by the time I left, I kinda liked the Intercontinental pools a little more than I did the Grand Hyatt pools.Beach and surrounding area. The Grand Hyatt is in Nusa Dua, adn is basically a 5 star hotel campus where I do not think the locals are allowed to go (there is security at the gate to the Nusa Dua). Although it is a beautiful place, it felt a little artificial. Also the beach during low tide (which was every afternoon while we were there) was too far out for anyone to go into the water.The Intercontinental is in Jimbaran Bay, which I have to say is a beautiful beach. There are also tons of seafood restaurants on the beach which are very good. One night we walked about a mile or so to the right of the hotel (when facing the beach) to the third cluster of restaurants and we thought that the restaurants there looked the best. What I mean by that is the restaurants and the tables were as crowded as the others and it looked cleaner. While walking on the beach, we saw a lot of the local kids playing soccer right on the beach as the sun was setting and their parents were watching. It was a very enjoyable scene.Both beaches are clean, although I have seen cleaner. The water is clear, but as someone else put in the reviews here, it is not the white sand/clear blue water we see on TV occasionally in other places. Of all the nice beaches I have ever been to, the nicest ones were in Phi Phi Island in Thailand and Guam (yes, I said Guam). Both beaches in Bali fall short of those two.Service: The staff at the Grand Hyatt are nice enough, and I have no complaints, but the staff at the Intercontinental seems to care a little bit more and I felt they wanted to go the extra mile for their guests. I cannot really point to an example, but it is just the feeling we got when we stayed there.Bottom Line: I do not think anyone one can go wrong staying at either hotel. I would recommend the Grand Hyatt over the Intercontinental for parents traveling with children who plan to mostly hangout by the pool. I would recommend the Intercontinental over the Grand Hyatt for people who would like a more authentic Bali experience (although I do not think staying at a 5 star hotel in Bali is very authentic), a nicer beach, and for adults traveling without children.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>blschwar
<Content>This is a great resort! After years of wanting to go to Bali, I finally made it!When planning the trip, the hotels choices were between the Intercontinental and the Ritz Carlton. In the end, I chose the Intercontinental based on the value for the money.We booked the King Club room. As expected, we were met at the airport by the hotel staff and after about 30 minutes in the lounge, we were transported to the hotel for check in.At the hotel check in, there was a little pomp and circumstance with our arrival (hey, this is Asia after all, service is a little better!) and we were shown to our club room.Our room was fine. Not great and not bad -- just average. As we got in at night, we waited until the morning to explore. When we did explore, we couldn't believe how beautiful the property was!! It was incredible!My only complaint was that as part of the Club room, we were supposed to have access to the Club Pool but it was closed for renovations.My advice if you're thinking of staying at the property: Don't get the Club rooms. The perks that you get at the club level don't meet the extra cost. The only perk we ended up using was the Club restaurant where you can get free meals. We paid $270/nt and the non-club rooms were $140/nt. It just doesn't add up. No matter which way you slice and dice it, the meals don't add up to the difference. Save your money and get the normal room. We thought the butler would be a nice touch but we never used their services!! The club rooms are the same as non-club rooms; only in a different wing.Final thought: Whatever you do, you MUST visit Bali!!! Incredible!  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	4	4	

<Author>kaikai60
<Content>Pure heaven on earth Intercontinental hotels has mostly been a very reputable name. The establishment based in bali has definately proved it. Location for this hotel is amazing. Few minutes in all directions via taxi and you have arrived to any destination of your choice. Just a few metres to the side of the hotel are the beach waruns, the local restaurants on the beach front. Definately recommended for anyone who wants to relax in tranquility and silence. Beach front is clean and beautiful. Resort pools are big easily accessible. If you can, try get the duplex rooms. really is something to stare in awe. Staff are definately 100% helpful. If I ever return to bali, I would definately consider this hotel and no other.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>woddnq
<Content>Very expensive Our family stayed here for six nights after spending 6 nights at the Le Meridian. We have three children 7, 4 and 2 and therefore stayed in 2 interconnecting rooms in the Singaraja wing. This resort is very formal and not alot of children are there. You feel the children need to be quiet all the time as there is a high number of European people who did not understand children. The rooms were clean and spacious and complimentary snacks were a nice touch as you do not need to buy lunch. We also enjoyed the breakfast in the two different restaurants.However, we found that the food in the hotel is very expensive and we were paying for things that you do not expect in a 5 star resort. The kids club is paid by the hour and after spending time at another 6 resorts on this holiday it was the first time we had to pay. Also, you have to pay for boogie boards ($7A) for half an hour. Some slight changes to their service model could improve this hotel significantly.The price of food is ridiculous with a buffet meal for 2 adults costing nearly $1m rupiah or $150A. These are ridiculous prices and no where near the prices paid in other Bali resorts, Thailand, Malaysia or Hong Kong.There are a number of restuarants outside the hotel, but choose carefully.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>3	1	4	4	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>jimx22
<Content>Beauty of Bali       Plane landing  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Seggiesmoggie
<Content>Indian Ocean paradise This was our third stay at this fabulous hotel This time we stayed in a Duplex suite in the Singaraja Wing which was great for space and comfort. We arrived just after midnight and were welcomed with soothing cool towels and refreshing drink. Check-in was over in minutes and we were soon in our room. The friendly professionalism of the staff is fantastic and nothing seems to be too much trouble for any of them. The two concierges in the Singaraja wing were particularly helpful. Afternoon tea in the lobby there is a must .... scones, cream and pineapple with tea or coffee. The beach seems to be permanently being cleaned throughout the day by a team who will pick up a leaf as soon as it drops! The sandy beach is lovely ans safe to swim in. There are life guards on duty as well. The gardens are just beautiful and so very well maintained. There is a feeling of peace and tranquility throughout this hotel. Treatments at the Villas are fantastic and are given by very knowledgeable therapists, some who have been at The Intercon for many years. Quality of food and beverages is excellent and most food is freshly cooked when ordered. The Sunset bar on the beach is the place to be enjoying cocktails whilst watching beautiful sunsets over the Indian Ocean .Altogether a great place to stay.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sng8888
<Content>Honeymoon bliss! Came here for our honeymoon with high expectations. Having stayed at some 5 star resorts in Thailand this place exceeded our expectations.The resort is a large lovely set of buildings with stereotypical Balianese architechture. On check in were are setting in comfy chairs where a personal assistent hands us cleaning towels and cool refreshments. The rooms are huge with a nice deck. Very comfy large kingsized bed. Dual sinks and a bathroom larger than some New York hotel rooms.The included breakfast buffet was exceptional. With our late mornings it was like brunch every day. Spa was wonderful and free use of the gym and dip pool in the spa is included with free afternoon tea service. If you choose to lounge by the pool during the day, free hor d'oerves are served by an opera singing chef!A few decent restaurants on the compound but for the adventurious there our local open air seafood restaurants right next to the resort on the beach eaten al fresco or further down the beach in the local fisherman's market.As it is in Jimboran it is a bit of a drive to the town and the local area is more local and less touristy than Nusa for those who like it more authentic. Unfortunately that means there are fewer tourist class high end restaurants just outside the resort but we tried out some local delicacies on our own.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>snifffer
<Content>Intercontinental just heaven! My husband  3 kids(9,6,4 yrs)just returned from 11 nights at this amazing hotel.Its huge!Impressive from the 1st moment you arrive,the staff all treat you with the utmost respect  courtesy (even groundsmen,repairmen etc).I chose it based on the kids club.Unfortunately,I was under the impression it was included in the price,however you can pay either by the hour (50,000rp)or a 5 hr package (includes lunch or dinner-very substantial too) @ 175,000rp.My kids asked to go as the staff were really good  spoilt them-made them soo welcome.Sometimes, I felt tho the kids were left to just play computer games if thats what they wanted.My kids will always choose that over other outdoors activities!Brekky was full buffet with juice bar-lots on offer. Altho some say the resort is looking tired, I agree its not a brand new hotel, however the maintenance and attention to detail is amazing!The lawns look like a golfing green,the beach was immaculate,very clean and well cared for.We stayed in the normal Singaraja suite-interconnecting rooms.They were very spacious!!Oversized king bed,massive bathroom with bath and so dark-we slept in till 9am a lot,yes,even the kids!The main pool with swim up bar was too warm and tired for me,but there is 2 other pools so who's complaining?Happy hour 5.30-7.30pm with 2 oversized wines for price of 1 and a gorgeous sunset-perfect!My only complaint is the 5 star prices-5x the normal bali prices.Eg.60000 for lemon squash,110000 for mie goreng.And no good restaurants close by.We ate at the beach warungs 2 times but the seafood was very average,so I would suggest only a few nights here-stay up in Seminyak  Ubud to be closer to everything but still upmarket.It cost us 120000rp for a round trip to Seminyak dinner each time.It can add up!My husband said it was the best hotel gym he'd been to, and the free sauna/steam room/spas at the Spa is great.Go for the club level if you can-they include kids club and snacks,drinks etc.And the Teppanyaki bar was gr8 fun!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>keszeg
<Content>excellent The hotel is fantastic, only the breakfest is little poor (very few the indones food), but everything else is excellent. Unfortunately the waves are sometimes too high so one can not go into the ocean (we were 5 days, 2 days we could not go).  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ManishRathee
<Content>Fantastic Place, Great Hospitality       Intercontinental Beach  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Sudokufan
<Content>Loved the Bali Intercontinental Club Having just returned the the Club InterContinental Bali and read a review from an American complaining about the service. From the time we were met at the airport and escorted VIP style to the Airport Lounge and then to our car and finally to the Hotel, we found the service perfect. The Club Lounge is a peaceful air-conditioned oasis in the heat of the Bali sun. Every single one of the Butlers was extremely helpful, polite and and always knew our names. Nothing was too much for them. I am disabled, and they even insisted on filling my plate from the buffet after I had chosen the food and placing it on my table. Not just Yoga, but all the Butlers were very hepful, pleasant and charming, as were the managers of the Club.The food in the Club Lounge was not Cordon Bleu but baring in mind the heat, we could only eat small portions. Also the fact that you received breakfast, lunch, afternoon tea, canapes, cocktails and supper we thought the extra we paid was very good value.We too had noise from the renovation works, but we learnt to ignore it.We would go back to the InterConti Bali tomorrow if we could. All the guests we spoke to, said the same. It is a lovely hotel and the management is superb.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jeffieboy
<Content>Lovely hotel shame about the sewage.... My husband and I have just returned from a weeks stay at the Intercontinental. We booked a club room and we're not disappointed, the room was clean, spacious and had all amenities we expected. Service was exceptional, and all the restaurants served delicious food....no Bali belly for us unless if course we decided to take a swim in the ocean?? It was full of sewage, dead fish littered along the beach like there had been an oil disaster. We we're very dismayed to see such rubbish and people actually contemplated swimming in it? I can imagine a quite a few people suffered from a range of illnesses one would rather not have whilst on holiday?If the Intercontinental wish to keep its reputation as a Five star resort I think they should invest in trying to clean up the beach - its a shame they allowed this to continue for 8 days. There attempts if any included a fedup lone 150 year old lady picking up the rubbish............. ??We're staying at The Conrad in June hears hoping the waters cleaner over that side of the island...  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lilacfields
<Content>It's seen better days I checked into this hotel with great expectancy for my one day personal retreat on Sun (16 Mar) after a board retreat in another hotel in Kuta. It was not quite what I expected of a highly-rated 5 star hotel. It has obviously seen better days, in terms of its housekeeping standards and service attention.If you enjoy huge hotels with expansive grounds, this one's for you. I found it too humongous with its 400 over rooms, and when you are given a room at the far end of the 4000 block, you could get lost, as I did. The check-in was quite disappointing, after your expectation has been raised with the sounding of the gong to signal your arrival. They sit you down nicely at the lounge with a drink as they service your check-in, but in my case, it was obvious they had not paid attention to my special request. Because I was there for a retreat, I had been attracted to their description of the classic resort room as one with a garden view. I had specifically reiterated at check in, for a room with a view. The receptionist seemed to affirm me in that when she said it was on the highest floor (4th floor), but when I got there, my disappointment was palpable if someone has an instrument to measure such. It over looked the back service road, and because the balcony had a hard concrete wall staring you in the face, it was hardly a garden view to speak of. It was obvious that this was a pre-assigned room and that was that, despite the specific request at the desk. I called through to guest services requesting a change to a ground floor room, but after a while they called back to say none was available. I did not pursue the matter further since it was close to sunset already which I wanted to catch. Tip 1: At check in establish if your balcony has a railing which enables you to see through as opposed to a cconcrete wall blocking your view. Tip 2: The buggy driver says blocks 2000 and 3000 are the better blocks for the view and proximity to the hotel lobby. Block 6000 is being renovated, so that should be good too when they're through.Housekeeping also left much to be desired. The wooden recliners in the balcony were missing their cushions, the toiletries set had no shower cap, and worse, the plumbing in the shower was not working well because the water took some time to drain. The toilet flush too malfunctioned somewhat.The best thing about the stay was the sunset over Jimbaran bay,which I took in at their Sunset Bar, which had a good happy hour deal. Then again, one can catch the sunset at other hotels along this stretch.The Uluwatu spa was fine. I was glad they had a steam room (website only said sauna), and the therapist who attended to me, Devi, was excellent, having been 8 years on the job with the hotel. One thing I have to say is that they do seem to take good care of their staff because the guy who drove me to their villa spa the next morning said he'd been with the hotel from day one 15 years ago.Once is enough. One can probably get better value for money hotels elsewhere.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>kayeen
<Content>Club Facilities Old + Standards Not Enforced = Mediocre at Its Best!       InterCon View from Pool Bale  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	5	2	2	3	

<Author>SingaporeGirl
<Content>Wonderful location albeit worn hotel This large resort hotel is only 15 minutes from the Denpasar Airport, making it very convenient. Its beach location is also excellent with a beautiful clean beach and pretty views, but the resort has definitely seen better days. The bathroom has an old-fashioned shower in a bathtub you have to step over to get into fixture, and there's no sink counter to put washbags and accessories on. And when we were there, only one restaurant was open with mediocre Italian food. That said, the rooms themselves are relatively inexpensive (we paid only US$204 for a small suite -- large sitting room and upstairs bedroom/bath) BUT everything else was much higher than expected -- breakfast for two was US$40, a pedicure US$32, so if you're on a budget, eat out (there is a kettle in the room with free coffee/tea). This would be a good choice for a family on a budget (great childrens' facilities--playroom, lifeguards, etc.) where elegance is less important than milieu as the pool area is large and beautiful, the staff very pleasant and attentive, and it is, after all, Bali.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>geologist74
<Content>InterContinental Bali - A Great Stay       Hotel Main Entrance  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jinapsan
<Content>Beautiful Hotel on Jimbaran Bay Spent 3 days in this hotel. Our room was large and spacious with a bedroom loft. Beautifully decorated. The hotel grounds are huge and spacious. The location on the beach cannot be beat. The pool area was also large. In fact everything about this hotel was large and the only negative is that getting to your room can be a hike and its easy to get lost. The buffet breakfast was delicious and offered a large selection. We loved this hotel and would definitely consider staying here again.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hoyasaxa00
<Content>A great Vacation       Beach scene  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrsD_8
<Content>Pure Paradise!       The main pool  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rosepig
<Content>Wonderful experience!       Pools/fountains  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>catz21
<Content>Intercontinental has it all - Just Perfect!!! We stayed at the Intercontinental Club and from the moment we where greeted at the airport we knew we where onto something special!!Once greeted at the airport you are taken to a very comfortable lounge whilst all the paper work is taken care of and your baggage gets collected. Different parties arrived off the same flight and everyone received individual attention. What really stood out to me was that no one was made to wait for another party and was taken by car to the hotel individually once ready.Check in was a smooth process and our Butler came, introduced himself and escorted us to our room. The room was a club King with the largest King bed I have ever seen - it is way larger then a Californian king and very comfortable. No detail itself was overlooked from PJ's on your bed to the Amenities in the bathroom. The room itself is very large and comparable to a Junior Suite size in major city hotels.We spent a morning on beach lounges when passing showers set in and the staff immediately came by to make sure we didn鈥檛 need any help moving, they also have a flag system (you raised the flag for service required) that allowed staff to be discreet but attentive.During our stay we had trouble making a local phone call and instead of shrugging us off to the hotel operator to sort it they personally came to the room explained the number and how we where dialing it incorrectly - made sure we connected and even translated to the Balinese person who answered the call on our behalf (direct comparision is later on in our trip at another hotel we stayed at we had trouble with the phone and everytime we seeked help we where passed on to the operator and a handling fee was charged)Upon checking out I discovered that I had left my camera behind in the room and I it was retrieved quicker then heading back to the room myself, I was pretty grateful as we had a driver waiting etc etc.We really enjoyed our stay at the Intercontinental and not only is it a Fantastic Resort that is luxurious and comfortable it has that extra special something that most resorts dont - spectacular staff!!!!Definately will be back!!!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TangG
<Content>Bali 2007       Beach at Jimbaran  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>axl_n
<Content>"Our guests want to return" - they're right       our room (Singaraja wing)  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>pitttrader1988
<Content>The Intercontinental is a rip off If you are into getting nickled and dimed, this is the place.First, we booked in the club. It was a total waste of money. They act like the food and drink is like a cruise line, but it's not. You can only get drinks after 5 PM, and only in the minature place they call the club. You can't have drinks by the pool-even the club pool. No food is allowed by the pool-or out of the club. The portions are extremely small. I would not stay here again. The beach is full of garbage, and although they employ a ton of workers to try and clean it, garbage washes up out of the Indian Ocean. It is a very nice property, but after staying at a nice property in Ubud, and one in the north of Bali in Sembarantang(?), I would skip Jimbaran Bay, Kuta and Nusa Dua. They are over priced worthless properties. You get more value in other places in the world. If you have to go to a beach, go somewhere else that is close to your home. There are plenty of beaches in this world that can give you the same experience. Service here is very nice, but behind the niceties they don't have the same experience that they have at high end properties in the US. So, the level of service is poor, even though you are paying for top rate service. The staff needs to be trained better by the Hotel. (I flew here 25 hours from the midwest US)  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>2	1	5	5	4	3	3	1	

<Author>DonMeier
<Content>A beautyful Hotel with very friendly stuff       at the Hotel-Beach  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>adoro_viajar_LA
<Content>All that I expected and more!       Pictures of the hotel  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ben08
<Content>OK but slightly rough around the edges We booked one of the club rooms at the Intercontinental Bali. This includes a pleasant meet and greet service at the airport where we were taken to a lounge while the hotel rep took care of customs for us. We were at the club check-in lounge in 15 to 20 minutes which helps if there are children in tow. Pros: 1. Club privileges include use of the club lounge and all day snacks and drinks. Unfortunately the snack portions were quite small and looked suscpiciously like recycled food from breakfast. 2. There are several swimming pools to choose from, with some interesting features like sprinklers, and comfortable poolside cabanas. Beach towels are abundant and the attendants bring chilled fruit around (very) occasionally.3. Kids club called Club J which is good for families with young children with a planned programme. We brought our child there 3 times. Unfortunately, on the third occasion, when we went back to the club to retrieve our progeny, she was watching TV with one of the club J attendants, who hastily changed the TV channel back to a kids' channel. I can only guess that she (the attendant) must have been watching something else on TV not meant for children. A planned programme is only useful if the management sticks to it really. 4. Nice beach right in front of the hotel; lovely sunset.Cons:1. The rooms are slightly dated.2. The hotel restaurants are quite pricey. Beware the fine dining Italian restaurant. You get charged an arm and leg for very mediocre food. A suggestion is to take a walk along the beach to one of the beachfront restaurants for reasonable fresh seafood. 3. Recycled food at the club lounge. Overall not an unpleasant experience but with several slip ups along the way. Unlike the hotel motto, we don't think we will go back.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>4	2	3	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>romatravel
<Content>best service ever Just returned from 12 nights at the Intercontinental - absolutely fantastic. We were staying in the Club rooms so were met at the airport by uniformed staff and shown to their exclusive airport lounge while they took care of all our immigration formailites and collected our luggage.On arrival at the hotel you are shown straight to the Club Lounge for the check in formalities then taken to your room. We didn't like the first room they showed us as the balcony was rather dark but the second one room 4327 was superb - on the 3rd floor at the end of the corridor with a wonderful open double balcony affording spectacular views of the gardens and sea. The room itself was very large and spacious and everything was spotlessly clean.The service in the Club Lounge was second to none and within 20 minutes of our arrival the staff were addressing us by name and this continued throughout our stay. The 24 hour snack menu is more than adequate and changes daily with things like chicken burgers, tuna wraps, rendang curry etc being on offer. You get 3 hours of free cocktails and spirits every night between 5 - 8pm and the measures are very generous. There are 2 internet terminals in the lounge which are also free to Club guests.Sun loungers are of an excellent quality and very plentiful but if you want a sunbed in one of the prime positions on the sea front make sure you're down before 10am and there's no getting up early to reserve one as it's frowned upon and your things are carefully removed and stored by the staff. Beach towels are plentiful and I dont think anyboby would comment if you had a clean dry one every time you'd been in the sea.The beach and gardens are beautifully kept and there are always staff around, the sea however was a little too rough for me so I made do with paddling or going in one of the many swimming pools in the grounds which were never busy.We ate twice at the Ko Japanese restaurant which was wonderful and very reasonable compared to the prices you would pay back home....would recommend the tepanyaki it's great fun. We also ate at the Italian Restaurant and again the food was superb and you weren't hurried at all which makes a change.My only complaint and it's nothing at all to do with the hotel, it's the behaviour of some of the other guests: the Russian / Eastern Europeans...they are so rude and haven't a clue how to behave, I think they believe a sign saying dont do something must be like a red rag to a bull and they do it even more!!Other than that it was a fantastic holiday in a superb hotel - the best resort hotel we've ever stayed in and the service could not be beaten.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>johughes
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Staff, Great Food! The whole experience with the Intercontinental Bali was excellent. From the airport pickup all the way to check out was flawless. We booked a room at club level and were pleasantly surprised to get upgraded to the Jimbaran suite when we arrived. Which was great, very luxurious. I'm sure we'd have been just as happy with the regular club level room as the staff are so friendly. The cleanliness of the whole area, the newly renovated rooms, the peace and quiet - it was great. It costs a little more than many places in Bali, but it's true that you get what you pay for.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>t2311ps
<Content>Great Hotel Had a great stay here second visit (1st in Oct 2004).Rooms and whole property clean and well maintained.All the hotel staff were great.I am also glad to report that the food has in proved drastically since our last visit.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JWRIGLEY
<Content>Fantastic Holiday We have recently returned from two fantastic weeks at the Intercontinental and can find nothing to complain about it was our first time to Bali and we loved it so much that we will be returning next year. The service from all the staff was excellent. The beach was kept lovely and clean. The spa was very good we had a couple of massages which were brilliant. We ate at all the restaurants in the hotel which were more expensive than on the beach but the food was lovely. We also ate ate on the beach and that was a lovely experience and the food was excellent really cheap.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>flydive
<Content>Excellent service - excellent hotel Just returned from 7 nights at the Intercontinental Bali and we loved the hotel, really relaxed and wished we could go stay a little longer. We booked a Club Intercontinental room and that certainly added quite a lot to the experience. More about that later. The hotel property is huge, which we like. There are extensive gardens, a long beachfront, several pools, bars etc we took the map the first day out and got lost at least once. The hotel was full, but it never felt it. The hotel is not new, about 15 years old I think, but it's been beautifully maintained and clearly continually upgraded and renovated. The gardens are lush and we felt that the hotel staff worked as a well-oiled machine, anticipating requests and providing really superb service. With the Club Intercontinental you get met airside at Bali Denpasar airport and guided through the crew immigration desk and into a lounge. It was nice not to have to line up and mess about with the visa on arrival. As soon as luggage was out, a quick 15 minute drive to the hotel. The Intercontinental is close to the airport, you can actually see it sticking out into the water, but you can't hear the planes at all. It's actually fun watching them take off and land all day. Check-in was in the club lounge, very relaxed, everything was explained and there are enough club benefits that helps. We were then taken to our room. The room was on the ground floor and we really wanted to be higher up. One phone call and we were offered a different room on the 3rd floor, or for a small upgrade, one of the duplex suites at the top of the hotel. As soon as the guest had checked out we were called, went to see the suite, loved it, paid the very modest upgrade and everything was moved up for us. The helpful way the staff dealt with this request was our first example of the kind of service we were to receive all stay. There was nothing particularly wrong with the first room by the way, we just wanted to be higher up and really loved the duplex. We spent every day out by one of the pools or in the garden. There are a few bales in the garden, they are taken quite early as they are limited, but there are plenty of other places to sit, most with shade and shade is helpful in the bali weather. There is a club pool reserved for club members and we spent a few days there too. If you want to sit around a pool, on the beach, in the garden, there's a place for you here. Every single chair has a note on it, written in many languages, telling you that if you leave your chair unattended for 1 1/2 hours then your belongings will be carefully removed and stored for you. This is great, there is little more annoying than having someone put two shirts and a book on a prime chair before breakfast and wander up to sit on them just after lunch. The staff did carefully clear some of the bales which had been unused for around 2 hours and dealt with the guests who returned another 2 hours later, gently reminding them of the rules. More hotels should do this. Club benefits include the use of the club lounge where they basically serve food all day. You can eat breakfast there (although we rarely did), they have a daily menu you can choose from each day (5 items), complimentary of course. In the afternoon there is afternoon tea with sandwiches and scones and between 5 and 8 there are cocktails (we drank our share of the champagne) and a buffet. We actually only ate dinner twice the whole week and one of those was the last night because we really wanted to go to the japanese restaurant. On the other days we found with breakfast, tea, something from the buffet and one of the things on the all-day menu, we didn't need more. This made the club incredibly good value (although we really wanted to try the italian restaurant). What really made the vacation for us was the service. Every single request we made was dealt with, the first time, every time. The staff could not have done more. One example, we asked if we could have the crossword from yesterday's newspaper before they threw it away. Each day they delivered the previous days newspaper to our room, we never had to ask again. Little things like that, that's service. We thought the staff were well-trained and just superb and that will be why we return. We loved the Intercontinental bali. We're fussy about hotels and can normally find something wrong, we couldn't here, they had everything covered. We'd really recommend the club as the extra features more than paid for themselves. We'll go back.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>allmount
<Content>Fantastic Intercontinental We stayed at the Intercontinental for two weeks at the end of September/October for our first wedding anniversary. We booked Club Intercontinental and it was worth every extra penny. Upon our arrival at Denpasar we were greeted by three staff and taken immediately to the Intercontinental Lounge. We handed over our passports and money for our visas, given a drink and left to relax. A short time later our passports were returned with visas sorted. Our luggage then arrived. There was no queueing and no waiting for our cases - all done for us which was a great start to out holiday. It was worth every penny not having to queue for a change.A ten minute drive to the hotel and wow! Once past the security (they even check under the car with mirrors) you enter another world. The hotel grounds are immaculate. We got to the Club Lounge and check in was so relaxed and accompanied by a wonderful ginger/lemongrass drink. We were taken to our room by our butler and everything explained. And what a room. Fantastic marble bathroom with separate bath and shower/separate toilet and bidet with Aveda products - the rosemary and mint shampoo is fantastic especially for a sun tender scalp. The bedroom was huge with flat screen tv. The bed was enormous - 7ft wide and very comfortable. The air conditioning for a change was quiet and they even provide a plug-in mosqiuto killer.Club Intercontintental has its own pool and the reserving of sunbeds is frowned upon which makes a change. We did not see anyone placing their stuff on beds and disappearing for the day - if you do then your stuff gets moved. Water is provided around the pool together with a bowl of fruit. During the afternoon fresh melon is brought around.At lunchtime we ate at the Club Lounge. There is a menu of five items all quite substantial with soft drinks aplenty. From three o'clock afternoon tea is available. All the food we had here was excellent. All of the staff here are fantastic and a real credit to the hotel. We have to make a special mention of Eka who was our waiter during our stay - genuine warmth and hospitality from him.At night we ate at all of the hote;s retsauramts. The Jimbaran Gardens does Indonesian food or international stuff. The beef rendang was fantastic. Go for wine by the glass - works out cheaper than a bottle. The Bella Singaraja italian restaurant was probably the best Italian food we have ever eaten (especially the homemade ravioli and insalata caprese). The Japanese restaurant Ko also deserves a mention. We ate in the private dining room and in Tepanyaki and the food and service was great. All the meals are inexpensive and fantastic value.As per previous reviews we wanted to take a tour with Wayan Sueta however despite several e-mails/completing booking forms on his website we heard nothing from him (does anyone know whether he is still offering tours?). Instead we booked the hotel car to take us to Ubud and the monkey forest/around Ubud and the rice terraces. This worked out at $25 for the first hour and then $10 for every hour afterwards. Excellent value. The monkey forest was brilliant - buy some bananas and watch them cheeky monkeys help themselves! Our holiday at the Intercontinental was brilliant. We would also mention the hotel manager who came and introduced himself to us and enquired regularly how our holiday was going without being intrusive. That's what this hotel gets spot on - first class service without being in your face.We will definately be returning!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ShanghaiAwi
<Content>great resort       incredible landscaping throughout  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Carl777
<Content>Good Hotel - potential to be a great hotel My partner and I have just returned from an 11 nights stay at this good hotel in Jimbaran Bay. Before we left the UK we spent many hours carrying out our research to make sure that the Intercontinental Hotel would go some way to meet our needs for quality accommodation  dinning as well providing engaging entertainment with good pool and beach activities. We were not disappointed in any of these areas and our expectations we exceeded in some instances.However there were on some occasion鈥檚 instances when issues arose and these were quickly raised with the hotel management to try to seek resolution. The good bits:鈥?All the staff were good at what they did and were attentive to our needs. All recalled our names and used these every time. 鈥?The main restaurants i.e. KO and Bella Singaraja were excellent both from a position of food quality food and first class service, although they may be considered a bit pricey 鈥?they did offer value for money. 鈥?Try the hotels 鈥淕ourmet Discovery Offering鈥?provided by the hotel for an evening meal/entertainment. This provides an opportunity to savour the culinary delights of all the restaurants (have one course and then move to the next restaurant). The price includes a 鈥淏ecak鈥?ride (a bike made for 2 PLUS driver). Between the KO restaurant and the Italian Bella Singaraja.鈥?A meal package (based on 3 options at different prices). This was excellent value as it gave us 6.5 million rp in value for the discounted amount of 5 million rp. Well worth the cost. 鈥?Hotel bedroom (ours being in the Singaraja wing) was well placed, near the pool with its own concierge service. Having being recently refurbished the room was of good size, great comfy bed and very effective air conditioning. The bathroom had separate shower cubicle and was fitted to a very high standard. The only bad bit was the basin had been recovered in a white plastic paint, presumably as part of the refurbishment and this had started to 鈥渃hip鈥? 鈥?Spa treatments were good, especially the price and quality but see the comments below re the Ullawata Spa The bad bits 鈥?My partner was shocked to find he was sharing the spa with a RAT which was obviously living in the spa and was feeding on the daily Hindu offerings at the shrine in the spa. Our complaint to the hotel was not really taken seriously as they pointed out the spa was open and 鈥渁nimals鈥?were free to come and go. This was not the point we were trying to make. In our opinion the rat is a pest and no attempt had been made to prevent the rat from living there. This was not conducive to a relaxed, clean and secure environment for to the hotel guest. The spa manager did not make contact with us nor was any apology forthcoming. 鈥?My partners evening meal, a steak, in the Jimbaran gardens came raw after being requested to be very well done. A request which was highlighted several times to the staff. At the same time a reservation had been made for that evening meal by the Singaraja Wing concierge for a table by the pool/beach 鈥?but this was not forthcoming. 鈥?Inconsistencies in service between the various hotel locations, although generally these were not major issues they were more of small irritations. This was especially noticed when the hotel was at full occupancy during the weekend at the end of Ramadan. The hotel鈥檚 response to this was that they had a limited number of staff to provide the normal level of service due to the high level of occupancy. This also manifested itself with the lack of food and choice at breakfast on these days as well.鈥?The sunset bar had sun loungers placed in between tables for lunch. Not the best for comfortable dining. 鈥?The gym was far too small for a resort this size.鈥?The manicure/pedicure bar was placed next door the men鈥檚 toilet 鈥?not the best place in view of the smell in the heat of the day.In conclusion some Restaurant/bar managers attempted to make a recovery in the deficits mentioned above by providing complementary wine and more attentive service. The overriding disappointment from the issues we raised was there was no acknowledgement from the Hotel Management. Finally 鈥?this is a very good hotel! - It has the potential to be a great hotel but the hotel management needs to rise to that challenge and stop counting on the staff and the reputation of the hotel and to make them selves more visible to their guests.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Majorna
<Content>Loved the Bali InterContinental! We upgraded to the club class which ensured amazing customer service - everyone knew our names when we went into the club loungefor our regular evening champagne. There were fresh flowers for my bath every night. Turn down service, chocolates on the pillow everynight. The beds were super comfy. The staff remembered that our favourite drink (non-alchoholic) was the lemongrass tea - so delicious. Any time we wanted to book a tour or a massage (we had 5 each!!!), there was someone there to ensure it would happen smoothly.People were always on time, friendly and kind. All those delicious details helped make it special and nourishing. Best sunsets from our plush lounge chairs at the beach.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>alohatiger1
<Content>absolut perfect !!! What a graet hotel !!!       our room  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>IcebearHK
<Content>Relaxed stay at Jimbaran From the beach of InterContinental Resort Bali you can watch the airport trafic but no sounds of it at all. The atmosphere of IC Bali is great, very relaxed, employees serviceminded and friendly. We were not very happy with the room (balcony no view) but were reallocated without having to make an issue about it. We stayed in a club room which is absolutely worth the extra money. However, the restaurants and the beach bar are worth a visit as well (with the exception of the pool restaurant whih lacked service). The Japanese restaurant is good but rather expensive, especially for Bali standards. All in all a perfect location for a very relaxed stay!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Alicia55
<Content>Luxurious but lacking in charm We stayed in a club loft suite for 9 days. The service was excellent - hotel staff were always very friendly, warm and welcoming (especially in our last day when they maybe hoped large tips were imminent ;-). The hotel grounds were large and immaculately kept with plenty of smimming pools to go around and (usually) enough sunbeds, so long as your not too fussy as to where in the grounds they are. Our suite was very spacious and luxuriously appointed. The marble bathroom was lovely - large walk in shower, jacuzzi bath and linked dressing area. The huge fluffy bed was the most comfy I have ever slept in. The only negatives were that the angled balcony door did not let much natural light into the room so we had to switch the lights on even during the day. Also, the japanese styled living area, although beautiful, was a little cold in atmosphere. The balinese styled rooms in other non-club wings looked much nicer and warmer.The room service food was good. The breakfast was always delicious and generous, whether room service, bufftet or club lounge. Champange  cocktails with generous tasty canapes all free between 5pm-8pm in the club lounge was a great touch although after a few days, we tired of eating in the club lounge as the outdoor area is cramped and lacking in atmosphere so the club rooms might not end up being the best value option. We ate at the Jimbaran Gardens restaurant which had a nice atmosphere and average but disappointing food given the hefty price tag - indonesian food was the better executed option. The italian restaurant seemed too overpriced for what is mainly salads, pasta and pizza and as quite formal and cold in atmosphere and not on the beach, we never ate there.The hotel has a long beach frontage with plenty of sunbeds overlooking, though not really on, the beach. The beach is lovely, clean, thick soft golden sand, a clean sandy seabed, swimmable at high and low tide, with small-medium sized waves which are fun for adults but I would reccomend accompanying young children. The hotel has a low boundary fence  planting between the back area of the beach where many of it's sunbeds are and the sea-side part of the beach. As a result you can't feel like you are ever actually sunbathing on the beach. Other neighbouring hotels arranged things more nicely, having sunbeds and restaurant tables spread out on the beach, un-impeded by low boundary barriers.There are limited options for eating outside the hotel in walking distance - the seafood warungs were good and well priced, and nearby hotels have fantastic but very expensive restaurant options.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nzgirl111
<Content>'Club Intercontinental' Absolutely Amazing       Main Pool  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>buddineurope
<Content>Nice stay, but better for families My husband and I stayed here on the last leg of our honeymoon after staying at two other hotels in Bali. It may be a little bit unfair to compare it against the two other places as these were much smaller hotels with Villa style rooms and more personal service, but on the whole we did like the Intercontinental.Even though it was fairly crowded, when we set up our spot for the day in the area closest to the water, it didn't feel crowded as there was a good amount of personal space. Closer to the pool is where to notice that there are a lot of people, many with small children and it feels like a big resort. I think having kids would be a big draw to stay there as there are so many activities and the pool set-up is fun for kids. The best thing about the hotel is that you can walk two minutes down the beach to the Jimbaran seafood restaurants. I can still taste the delicious BBQ lobster and shrimp. I also liked the atmosphere here with some decent music and candlelight, and the rock bottom prices!The breakfast is worth noting too- the choice and quality was excellent. The spa wasn't that great and much more expensive than the other much better treatments we had in Ubud.In summary, I think it is a good choice, but only if you plan to stay at a smaller hotel too. We loved the Samaya in Seminyak, check out my review there too!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>RanchuBoy
<Content>Average Stay at the Intercontinental Just got back from our Honeymoon in Bali. We stayed at 5 different hotels and I would say that the Intercontinental was Okay but not spectacular.The Hotel is nice and the cleaning staff/ beach guys/ restaurant workers are nice. But the Front Desk Counter and the greeter were VERY disorganized and gave us misinformation several times regarding Room Perks. When we checked in the person who signed us in told us that we had been upgraded to the Singaraja Wing meaning that we would have rights to an area called the Intercontintal Club. When we went down there dressed in our beach wear we were snobbishly rejected because we weren't dressed to enter. The Second time we went down there they FINALLY checked our room and told us we DIDNT have access to the area. Embarrassing! The girl who signed us in also told us that Breakfast at the Main restaurant was included in the room. Sure enough when we were checking out they tried to charge us for it. Lucky for us the Assistant Manager took care of it and cleared the breakfast. Out of all the hotels we stayed in Bali, we had the most problems here. Plus they didn't ackowledge like all the other hotels that we were on our honeymon.I would give it a 3 out of 5.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	5	1	5	3	

<Author>falkirk
<Content>heaven spent 5 nights at the intercontinental as a family, out of this world , the staff ,everyone of them where a delight. have read other reports stating hotel is pricey but we took the dining package offered on arrival, and for three adults and one teenager, nightly meals, with wine, all other drinks and laundry check out bill was 拢450 less than 拢100 per day. If you are going to Bali go to intercontinental.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BonjourLausanne
<Content>Can't wait to go back!       Garden view  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jkguava
<Content>Paradise! We chose this hotel because you all here at Trip Advisor rated it #1,and it didn't disappoint. Although our flight from Tokyo was over 3 hours late and arrived at 2am, there was STILL someone from the hotelto meet us, which I found surprising and lovely. The lobby is gorgeous and indicative of the open, airy, beautifully landscaped grounds. The staff are friendly and happy and charming.We booked the most basic room at $115, which is significantly lower than what is listed, by calling the hotel directly (tho this price was also matched on the Intercontinental website). It is worth addingthe breakfast at $15 per person - we found that the late hours and lavish options meant we could sleep late, eat a large brunch at 10:30-11:00am, and be satisfied until dinner time.The basic room was perfect - a large comfy King size bed, a large bathroom, a beautiful balcony (big enough fo two of us to do yoga) and nicely decorated.The beach is gorgeous and well kept and mercifully devoid of hawkers and jet skis and other water sport noises. We didn't need to leave toexplore other beaches......Clientele seemed to be mostly European andJapanese, youngish couples, a few families with kids, not much of a Club Med singles scene, which we appreciated.The on site restaurants are pricey - Western prices, about $30-40 perhead, but there are cheaper warungs just down the beach for seaside. We also went into Kuta and Seminyak (15-20 minutes away) by cab for dinner, where you have many choices (we're vegetarian, so were eager for more than the one choice on the hotel restaurant menus)We would definitelyrecommend this hotel - especially if you can get the kind of deal we did....I saw the Conrad in Nusa Dua, and the Oberoi in Seminyak, and this is more beautiful, and better priced......  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>DAL504
<Content>Luxe Resort, Lovely Beach, Pricey Services This was the last major stop on a 10-day trip. We had 4 nights at the Intercon.We arrived quite late - our flight was delayed from Jogja (which was scary, but that's another story) - but cool washcloths and welcome drinks were on offer upon our arrival. The lobby was AMAZING! I am an Ambassador member, so we were upgraded to the Singaraja wing to a deluxe suite. The wing was lovely - teas, coffees and snacks on offer all day long (great after an afternoon on the beach). The breakfast was good. They had a mistake in the lists (I guess we were supposed to eat somewhere else, but never figured that out) and so they tried to charge us on the 2nd day. The Singaraja concierge fixed it right away and the woman at the breakfast place apologized profusely the next morning. We toured the island the 2nd day, but decided to spend the 3rd and 4th days enjoying the resort. We normally don't stay at resorts, but since we were paying for it, we decided to enjoy the views and the grounds. The bridge was cool as were all the pools. On the 3rd day, we did a bit of boogie boarding (available from the hotel for a small fee - the waves were quite good that day) and also swam in the various pools. On the 4th day (the day we left) we decided to treat ourselves to the spa. While 10X more than the ones in Kuta, I think it was well worth it (as none of them looked that great). The beach was pretty good - after seeing Kuta beach one sunset, I was pretty glad the beach was manicured and private.We ate lunch at the pool on the 4th day (since we had to go soon after) which was REALLY spendy (although the food was pretty good). There are a number of cafes right off the grounds on the beach and the food there is perfectly great at 20% of the price.It was really luxe - and the room was not horribly expensive for what you got.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MickyBlueEyes
<Content>Great hotel This was a fantastic hotel, which we used to end our holiday for the last 3 days. We stayed in the Singaraja wing in a Duplex Suite which was amazing. The free teas / coffees, juices, cakes and biscuits was a nice touch as well. The pool area and gardens are superb and the hotel backs directly onto the very nice Jimbaran Bay beach. Breakfast was excellent and we ate at the hotel one night which was very tasty. They actually served our tuna incorrectly (we got grill instead of stir fry) and we had no intention of complaining as it was equally nice, but to our surprise one of the waitresses spotted this and within minutes the chef and manager were over apologising. We really weren't bothered, but were given a free dish of stir fry fish that we hadn't tried before. Service like that just gives you a good feeling of money well spent.Some of the prices are a little steep in this place, but I think you just have to expect that from 5 star hotels. That is the only negative I can say about the place. The rest was 5 star all the way!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>toshiyo
<Content>Excellent resort! The resort met all my expectations... in fact, exceeding some. I have been to many resorts but this really stands out because of its value. We booked our hotel though Asiarooms.com which was surprisingly cheaper than booking direct with the hotel. Anyways, the resort is just beautiful and next to the hotel beach, there are tons of seafood BBQ restaurants, which you can conveniently walk over to for dinner. Breakfast was excellent and staffs were very friendly. I also liked their spa facility, which was tastefully decorated and beautiful. I also liked Bali as a destination in general and I'm definitely going back again!!!You won't be disappointed with this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JuliaVanderbilt
<Content>Go go go Intercontinental!       The Spa entrance...pardon the skew  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Seggies
<Content>Indian Ocean Paradise Arrived at 1am. Cossetted through an easy check-in with cooling , scented towels and lemon grass drinks. The Singarajah wing is wonderfully appointed. Staff throughout this resort attentive and professional. Fabulous spa treatments. Beach is constantly being cleaned throughout the day and is private for the use of hotel guests only. The landscaping in the gardens is superb and in keeping with the Balinese culture. Sunsets viewed from the beach are amazing. Food is first class and plenty of choice.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tbonephile
<Content>Club Intercontinental is a World Class Experience My friend and I stayed an entire week at the Bali Intercontinental in a Club Duplex Suite during the middle of April. First things first, I know the hotel was built in 1994, however the resort grounds are beautifully maintained as are the facilities and Jimbaran beach. The beach is manicured in the morning and has to be the nicest one in Bali. It had nice waves that were fun to swim in or play around in with a boogie board, but not too rough that the only thing you could do was go surfing (i.e. Kuta). Also there are no water-skis or people parasailing so for the most part if you want a serene place to enjoy the sound of the ocean, this is the place. (For those seeking adventure, go to Nusa Dua as they have many companies offering motorized water sports) Also be sure to check-out the amazing sunset from the beach!Part of the benefits of booking a Club level room or suite is that you receive a renovated room, have access to the club lounge which has a buffet and a la carte options available for breakfast until noon, an a la carte all day menu with 5 different choices each day that included salads, sandwiches, pasta, and meat dishes that were about 60% of an entr茅e portion along with high-tea between 15:00-17:00 and three hours of evening cocktails with canap茅s. (Also available all day are coffee, tea, sodas or fresh squeezed juices such as orange, papaya, watermelon, mango and the list go on.) The service in the club lounge was amazing. I do not think I ever once had to open a door during my entire stay there. Everywhere you went the hotel employees addressed you by name with a warm genuine smile whether it was a maintenance crew or the general manager. The food provided on the all day a la carte menu in the club Lounge were substantial enough that if you choose to eat only in the club lounge you could, although we sampled all three restaurants and the swim-up bar which were all very good. Bella Singaraja, the Italian cucina was by far our favorite, be sure to look for the singing chef who does renditions of Pavarotti. Also the prices were reasonable for a 5-star resort. Expect to pay $10-20 a person for lunch and $20-40 a person for dinner.The service in our 90sq meter loft suite was fantastic. The 24 hour butler was always available to help pack or unpack, draw a floral bath or polish our shoes. We even slept through a wakeup call one morning and five minutes later our butler was knocking on our door to make sure that we wouldn鈥檛 have overslept for our tour in the morning. In addition by booking a Club Intercontinental room, we received complimentary pickup service in the airport BEFORE immigration. We were met at the gate by two hotel attendants and escorted to Club InterContinental's exclusive airport lounge where we sat down and were given a cold towel and enjoyed a delicious lemongrass drink while they collected our luggage and processed our on arrival Visas for us. We were then escorted past all the other waiting passengers through the airline crew members line and we were then driven to the hotel with two cars, a brand new Toyota SUV for our Luggage and a Jaguar S-Type for the two of us. We were also dropped off at the airport in the same manner and it was all included in the Club Intercontinental rate! (Be sure to email the hotel directly to let them know your flight number and when you are coming)I also used the spa uluwatu twice. The first treatment I had was called the oceanic package and included a sea salt scrub, a seaweed wrap along with a Balinese massage. For $100 it is quite reasonable (compared to US prices) and left me completely relaxed. The second time I had a head and should massage that was not as good. I would recommend sticking to the scrubs and wrap treatments or the Balinese style massages.Overall without nitpicking I can鈥檛 really fault this hotel. The grounds and service are world class and is ahead of even the Peninsula in Hong Kong, my previous standard for service. My only suggestion would be have more restaurant variety. While the food available was good, we were limited to an Italian, Japanese (Sushi, Teppanyaki) restaurant that was only open for dinner and the all day outside Jimbaran Gardens which served pizza, sandwiches, satay and other Indonesian dishes and western comfort foods.In all we had a fantastic stay. The Ritz-Carlton may have bigger grounds, more restaurants and a better spa, the Conrad may be newer and less expensive, however none of them has access to the nicest beach in Bali and the Indian Ocean sunset that the Intercontinental has. The level of service that you鈥檒l receive is also unmatched as they seem to always take care of any needs before you even have the chance to ask. For those reasons alone, the InterContinental Bali is my favorite resort in Bali. I guess the InterContinental Bali鈥檚 hotel motto is true Our guests want to return. I鈥檓 counting the days until my next return.Oh and be sure to get a private driver for a few days to see the real Bali (Ubud for arts and crafts, the volcanoes (Mt Agung, Mt Batur, and lakes in the central part of the island and diving and snorkeling in the east part of the island.) We had a driver/guide Wayan Sueta for three days and cannot recommend him enough. He speaks fluent English and is very knowledgeable and enthusiastic to share and show his beautiful country with you and his rates are very reasonable. Please PM if if you would like his contact information.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>expatstef
<Content>Best family vacation! We just got back from the InterContinental Jimbaran and cannot stop raving about it. My husband and I went with our three children ages 6,5 and 16 months and we all had a blast. We stayed in the Singaraja wing with it's own central snack lounge that came in handy between meals. My older children LOVED the kids club - it was the most proffesional, well run and WARM kids club that we have ever sent our kids to. The staff truly enjoyed being with the kids and the activities, from fishing, balinese dress, arts and crafts and becak tours, combined with their private pool, internet, trampoline, and playstation, made my kids want to go there every afternoon! We also hired some private nannies through the kids club to watch our baby for a couple of hours which was terrific. The grounds and pools of the hotel are beautiful, the staff wonderful, and the food delicious! Overall, an outstanding vacation!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mjjking
<Content>The best experience - EVER!       Club level room  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>tejinder
<Content>The best InterContinental I turned 70 this month and my wife and I thought it was a good excuse to get away somewhere alone 鈥?the choice was between Phuket (where we had had a great time earlier) and Bali. Bali won out because we both love to collect artifacts and were told about the fantastic carvings produced on this island. We chose InterContinental at 鈥淐lub鈥?level and it was the best decision that we had made in a long time. I had already enjoyed the specials at 鈥淐lub鈥?level in Bangkok but the Bali set up has to be experienced to believe the level of hospitality possible. When we hit the 鈥淎rrival鈥?at Denpasar airport we were met by a team of two ladies and a porter from the hotel and were whisked through the Immigration control using the free channel reserved for 鈥淐rew鈥?while the long queues at the normal channel looked on in surprise. InterContinental at Denpasar has a private lounge where we were given refreshments while one of the girls went to collect our luggage, that done we were escorted through Customs - again no problem. It was great being given this treatment ! At the hotel we found the 鈥淐lub鈥?lounge excellent and the staff was really just the most endearing and wonderful we have experienced anywhere. Quite unique to this hotel was that the Manager, a charming lady called Dewi, was ever present at the lounge to personally inquire about your well being. This lounge also has a choice of unlimited helpings of very heavy snacks available 24/7 and we saw quite a few guest tuck into them and skip dinner ! With the cocktails during happy hour and the extensive breakfast (till noon everyday) I thought the extra paid for the Club level was a steal !Bali is a lovely destination 鈥?and the hotel more than anything else made our stay there one of the most memorable ever. Cant wait to go back again!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gruezi
<Content>Resort in Paradise! I've stayed here twice in the last 3 months and it is an awesome destination and hotel. The grounds are spectacular and the Singaraja wing duplex room we had for around $180 a night was incredible. It is a very large complex in a beautiful location with a nice white sand beach- Jimbaran- that runs for several miles. The warung restaurants that are located between this hotel and the Four Seasons are very inexpensive and you are able to pick your fish (bar b qued over coconut shell husks) and you dine in the sand at the waters edge-very nice! Staff here is English speaking and are excellent in taking care of you. Spa services are nice but beachfront you can get killer massages near the warungs for about $2. an hour! The hotel has taxis that at $10. an hour are very safe and dependable. You can rent a car and driver for $40.-50. per day thru most taxis i.e. like at the airport. Always pay in rupeas and you will get a better price. Sanur Beach, Uluwatu, Kuta Beach, Ubud are all nice destinations. The souvenir prices are the most inexpensive you'll find anywhere! Happy travels! - Jeff Scott  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Laurie_lo
<Content>Made the 4Seasons service seem standard!         
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Krithika
<Content>Fabulous experience and world class service Intercontinental Bali is a fabulous resort and absolutely the best service (I stayed at 3 high end places in Bali). Staff were very friendly, professional and went out of the way to help us. The facilities were very good (we stayed at the Singaraja club room) which offers small snacks all day. Breakfast was very good, the room was fantastic and the gym was international. The spa exeprience was very good (go not to the hotel spa but their specialised spa the villa retreat). Will love to go back anytime.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kami07
<Content>wonderful       standard room  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>VfB 1893
<Content>A solid rock in terms of quality       Garden  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>RAWS
<Content>Perfect Stay at InterContinental We stayed at the Jimbaran Intercontinental in Bali for 4 nights over the Xmas period. We had a great time. The service was outstanding with all staff being very friendly. The rooms were spacious clean with nice beds. The grounds were beautiful, well maintained and spacious. Although the hotel was fully booked the grounds never felt full. The swimming pools are great and overall we had a great 4 days and we were sorry to leave. The beach was great fun especiall with all the restaurants coming out at night. Great atmosphere. We have stayed in a variety of hotels in Bali during a variety of trips but this one so far was definitely the best luxery hotel we stayed at in bali! We are looking forward coming back, hopefully in the near future (PS our kids loved the place too (5 and 7 years old) and wished we stayed at this hotel longer.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>hdrew
<Content>Highly satisfactory My partner and I stayed at the InterContinental (IC) Hotel Bali recently for five days and overall the experience was highly satisfactory. The resort is quite vast, beautifully landscaped, with gardens, pools, lagoons and prime beach front location. There weren't many guests when we stayed and during Xmas and New Year, the guest numbers are bound to increase though the size of the resort also means one doesn't feel 'hemmed in' by fellow guests. There are also quite a few security guards checking vehicles entering the resort. Taxis are also easily available, try to get a taxi with a running metre as some taxis go on fixed price (like some taxis in Kuala Lumpur) to certain locations. Hotel service was gracious and pleasant.Check-in was swift and personalised...a member of reception meets and greets you at the resort entrance and then deals with the in-room registration and check-in details etc with you while you are relaxing in a comfortable sofa in the lobby with a cold drink and cool towel...when we were there, there was no queueing up behind a reception counter to check in as it is with most hotels..We stayed in a Resort Classic room, spacious with a balcony (overall size is almost 50 square metres)..nice view of the lagoon and gardens, with frangipani trees and a small slice of ocean view..bathroom was lovely, toiletries from Audley's of London, strong shower, comfy bed and pillows, in-room safe, and a working air-con that wasn't arctic like some hotels...there is room for improvement though: the furnishings like the desk, coffee-table etc are quite dated, soundproofing needs to be enhanced (taps and showers from next door quite audible) and the TV was somewhat small for a 5-star resort, considering some competitors are now installing flat screen TVs as standard furnishing...a smaller room at say (40 square metres) with more high-end furnishings / design could be an option..can't comment on resort dining and only had a glance at the spa facilities as we were out most of the time...there are several seafood restaurants by the beach and smaller resorts opposite the IC which offer alternative dining options e.g the Royal Bali Beach Club has a decent, reasonably priced menu of Asian and Continental dishes and there's the Villa Balquisse as well...fyi, dessert here (very tasty almond tarts) and mineral water for 2 cost as much as the simple dinner of local Indonesian food we had at a beach-side cafe earlier but the Villa Balquisse is an elegant, intimate venue nevertheless..KuDeTa (about 20-25 minutes away) is also an excellent option, great beach location, stylish setting but prices for the Modern Oz/Mediterranean food can be a bit high at dinner so suggest maybe brunch or lunch..In summary, four stars out of five and look forward to further room refurbishments (plus faster Internet access at the Internet corner located in a gift shop)...would like to return to IC if we get another chance to visit Bali  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Husa
<Content>Good Stood here the night before we flew back home. Something was wrong with the booking. It took some time but when everything was allright everything became right.I wouldnt go there for holiday, verrrry big hotel. But we stood on the club wing and the atmosphere was of a small hotel, very good! Nice setting, good beach, but big. This is a very good hotel for families!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>chuston
<Content>Amazing!!!! I loved the Intercontinental, it was magical! I read this site a lot and rely heavily on what others say. I'm so glad that we picked this hotel. It is beautiful, the people are so nice and the grounds are amazing!My boyfriend and I stayed at the Intercontinental for 4 nights, over the Thanksgiving holiday. From the minute we drove up, we were excited to be there! If you are looking for a get-away retreat, that will make you forget about everything, this is the place to go! We walked down to the Four Seasons HOtel just down the beach and I still thought this hotel was nicer!My only complaint would be about the beds, they were a little hard, but considering we are spoiled americans, who have great beds, this was hardly something to complain about. I hope you enjoy your stay there as much as I did. BTW, the upgraded our room when we got there because we had asked for a King. We got massages, which were only $50 each, right on the beach, well worth it. And the breakfast, although a bit expensive $20 each, was amazing!Have fun!!!!!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NYPD34
<Content>DO NOT STAY AT THE INTERCONTINENTAL IN BALI I can't believe this is a 5 star hotel. The hotel is just too old and the rooms need much updating. I'm surprised that this hotel is receiving such great reviews on tripadvisor. I'm thinking these reviewers have not stayed at other hotels in Bali. Compared to the really good hotels like the Conrad Hilton or Ritz Carlton, the InterContinental is a 3.5 star hotel at best.The rooms were dirty. Service was okay, but still lacking compared to the other hotels in Bali. The $80/hour massages in the spa were worse than the $8/hour massages you can get on the street spas.I'd strongly urge you to take your money elsewhere. If you're looking for a hotel on the beach, Conrad Hilton was much better in my opinion.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	2	1	

<Author>persson28
<Content>Loved Jimbaran, Loved Intercontinental We stayed three nights at this hotel for 3 nights in october and we enjoyed every second of it. The hotel is beautiful the staff are fantastic. The food is very good. Stay in the renovated wings which are really confortable. we stayed in a duplex suite which was very good, but we decided to go for the club rooms if we ever go again. Thedrinks, food and the spa is expensive, but good. We stayed in Hyatt Sanur before we arrived in Intercontinental and the difference of standard between the two hotels is huge. I gladly paid more for everything in Intercontinental. I would never stay in Hyatt or sanur again. Jimbaran bay I can't wait to go back. I loved playing with the waves and swimming in the ocean. The sand was so soft and the waves were so much fun. The hotel grounds including the beach were kept so well and clean.Jimbaran Bay is beautiful so as intercontinental.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HeavenIsZambia
<Content>Gave Us Everything We Came For! We checked into the Intercontinental in Jimbaran after an extremely disappointing experience at the Conrad in Nusa Dua. The contrast between the two resorts could not be more profound. The Intercon was friendly from the instant you stepped into the (beautiful) lobby. Our room was in the newly renovated Singaraja wing. It was well-appointed and very clean. The beds were also very comfortable. The complex of pools is gorgeous and has a magnificent swim-up bar. The beach bar is a real treat and we did not miss a single opportunity for sundowners. I think we will be back about every year!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GlennAussie
<Content>Intercontinental - Loved It - Great for Weddings We are from Australia and were engaged in Bali one year prior. At the time we were staying at the Hilton in Nusa Dua, however found it very average although the service was very good. We then decided to have our wedding in Bali in April 2006 and after searching through endless venues and locations we decided on the Intercontinental, the entire service was organised in house and my wife did a wonderful job arranging it all the way from Australia, with the assistance of the Intercontinental Function's Staff in less than 3 weeks without ever viewing any of it until we arrived a few days prior. All staff involved at the Intercon were fantastic and more than helpful. Our decision to Marry in Bali at the Intercon was superb and we will always look back with the most fondest of memories. At the Intercon we stayed in a Club Room and it was the best ever bar none (we have been to Bali 4 times in the last 3 years) and all staff were extremely attentive and very friendly and warm people.We had originally booked to stay at the Intercon for 5 days only however after accessing our next hotel (The Ramada) we decided to cancel and stay at the Intercon for 2 weeks. Our decision to stay was not only based on the beautiful surrounds of this delightful hotel but by the wonderful staff that made you feel as though you were the only guests. These lovely people always knew how to make you feel at home, from always remembering what you enjoyed to eat and drink to always addressing you by name with a smile, nothing was too much trouble.We are returning again to the Intercon for Christmas and New Year and could not ever imagine staying anywhere else in Bali.We are very much looking forward to catching up with the Staff at the Intercon that made our Holiday and Wedding so enjoyable.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>twilight.magician
<Content>Fantastic start to our honeymoon Hmm鈥?I鈥檝e been reading some of the reviews posted about the Intecontinental on this site and I must admit I find some of them a little strange. I know its 鈥渄ifferent strokes for different folks鈥?n鈥?all, but come on! One star? Worst hotel in Bali? Judging by some of the more decrepit ones I saw in Kuta some people are being a little picky.Personally, I had a great time at the Intercontinental Jimbaran Bay. We were made to feel like honored guests from the first moment of our arrival (dig the whole ringing the gong thing), registration was quick and our welcome cocktail was very tasty. And of course, the best news, they had upgraded my wife and I from a standard room in the deluxe Singaraja Wing to a suite! Definitely a plus for our honeymoon.The suite was certainly one of the most pleasant rooms I鈥檝e stayed in in any hotel. Large, comfortable and airy, and equipped with two TVs 鈥?a large on in the living room area and a smaller one in the bedroom. The furniture and decoration were all fine, and the bathroom was certainly up to scratch (very important to my wife). Coming from Japan, where even rooms in top-name five star hotels can be tiny, we felt like royalty. The rest of the hotel was up to the same standard. Impressive, but still comfortable lobby, beautifully maintained grounds and gardens, lots of water features and seven swimming pools. Okay, some of the pools are really nothing more than shallow 鈥渇un鈥?kids pools, but they鈥檙e imaginatively designed and all feel very different from each other. The main one that you see pictured in all the brochures has a swim-up bar and a great view of the beach and Indian Ocean.Oh, did I mention the beach? This was the reason I booked this hotel, and it was most definitely the high point of our stay here. The stretch of beach outside the Intercontinental was just perfect for us. Clean, flat, golden sands鈥?and great for swimming. At high tide you get some pretty good waves (but nothing too scary) and you yes, you can even go swimming at low tide. An evening swim with the sun setting over the bay is a magical experience, let me assure you. If you want to grab a bale overlooking the bay we discovered that they don鈥檛 usually all get 鈥渞eserved鈥?until about nine thirty-ish, so don鈥檛 feel under pressure to get up too early (although this was at the start of the off-season). Some other reviewers have complained about the cost of the food at the Intercontinental, but then when has food at any five star hotel been cheap? Yes it was more expensive than eating out, but cheaper than some of the other hotels (Four Seasons, etc). The meals we ate during our stay were all up to a high standard, and special mention must be made of the great breakfasts my wife enjoyed everyday at the Bella Singaraja Restaurant.The staff were all very friendly, and, if anything too attentive! One thing that I really liked was how when you return to the hotel by taxi the staff at the front entrance usually quiz the driver about where you鈥檝e come from and how much the charge is in order to make sure they鈥檙e not ripping you off. Tip: always make the drivers switch the meter on 鈥?their 鈥渟pecial鈥?charter prices are always more expensive, even if you factor in waiting times at restaurants, temples etc.  We stayed for five days before moving up to Ubud, which was just about long enough. Jimbaran is a great place for just lazing around by the pool/beach and relaxing, which was definitely something my wife and I both needed! It was value for money too as we booked it at the bargain price of $164 a night after some searching around over the internet.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Dutchinparadise
<Content>Wishes come true at this resort! Our one week stay at the Intercontinental Jimbaran was a wonderful experience. From check-in to check-out the staff was very professional, genuinely welcoming, and very happy to make every effort to make our vacation special.The hotel is a true haven from the hustle and bustle of the tourist areas of Bali. The gardens are beautifully kept, never was it crowded in the pool and beach areas, plenty of lounge chairs and service.We did not use the spa facilities but they were impressive as were the choices that were offered. The room was quite comfortable , really spacious, and very clean. We loved the outdoor restaurant near the pool for its romantic ambiance and the excellent service. Its location is a bit out of the way of the nightlife of Kuta, however, if that is where you want to go, a taxi will take you there for about $8.-.I would recommend hiring a car with a Balinese driver for a few days (about $40.- per day). It will greatly enhance your experience of Bali. Ask to be taken to less touristy areas. Our driver (Heru, Phone from hotel 081805303983, also e-mail: sales@turbali.com) was great: a well-informed, English speaking guide, safe driver, friendly person, and no effort was too much.This resort is one of the best we ever experienced.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Liberdade
<Content>very relaxing               
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>nonggoo
<Content>The Intercontinental Bali is the worst hotel in Bali. We stayed at the Intercontinental Bali during our 9 day honeymoon in August 2006. We also stayed at the Kajane Mua in Ubud, the Ubud Hanging Gardens, and Conrad Hilton hotels. In comparison, the Intercontinental was THE worst hotel we stayed at. I'm extremely surprised at the rave reviews for the Intercontinental on this site. There are MUCH better hotels on Bali, for better prices. The main problem with the Intercontinental is that it is old. The furniture and overall condition of the rooms are horrible. We had to ask to have rooms changed three times. One room even had what looked to be blood stains on the bed sheets. Another room had a horrible smell. We were shown to a different room, and as we were entering an employee was leaving with a can of air freshener he had just sprayed to mask the smell.We stayed at the Singaraja wing which provided a free concierge service. Be Warned! The concierge service offered to help us by arranging dinner at a nearby seafood restaurant on the beach. The restaurant even came to pick us up. Everything was fine until we found out the restaurants right next to the hotel within walkin distance were just as nice and charged 5 times less for the same seafood. When I complained to the hotel, the hotel assistant manager confirmed that the concierge people were taking bribes or a commission for these services from the restaurant which they shouldn't be doing. He apologized and all he said he could do was to look into it and talk to those employees.Also, DO NOT GET A MASSAGE at the hotel spa. It is overpriced and actually was the worst massage we got in Bali. There are lots of non-hotel spas that charge over 10 times less and offer a better massage. We went to one of these non-hotel spas and got a full 1 hour massage for less than $9USD. The Intercontinental charges around $60USD plus the 21% tax for a similar massage.The only thing good about this hotel is that it is on one of the better beaches in Bali, great for surfing. If you do not plan to swim in the ocean, the Conrad Hilton is a much better hotel and overall value.I would urge anybody considering the Intercontinental to please reconsider. If you have any questions, please feel to email me at nonggoo@gmail.com.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	3	1	

<Author>tipitina
<Content>Fantastic place       Sunset on Jimbaran bay  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>tasty
<Content>Loved it so much we extended our stay       Singaraja wing room  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alwaysdreaming
<Content>So disappointed I suppose we'd hoped for so much, based on what we'd read here, that we were bound to come down to earth with a bump. Maybe we've just been lucky in the past but wherever we've stayed in the world from 3 star to 5 star we've been given interconnecting rooms. As we have always had to book one room for our selves and one for our two children. Even if hotels haven't been able to give us this straight away they've been sympathetic and in a day or so have sorted us out. Not so here. Therefore we spent 10 days with our daughter sharing our double bed and our son in a room on his own down the corridor. We made numerous visits to the Club Reception - yes we'd paid for the more expensive rooms! No joy in the end we even asked if they'd put a spare bed in our room so we could get some sleep but they wanted to charge us $60 a night for the priviledge! So we'd booked a double and a twin bedded room on their website, requesting they be interconnecting, only to be given two doubles down the corridor from each other. Over time we realised that they were really focused on their Japanese visitors, chats with shop staff and taxi drivers confirmed this. The Duty Free Malls even send complimentary taxis to collect Japanese visitors from the hotels - apparently other nations don't count! Sadly other events also showed money to be their focus. e.g. Our butler told us we'd get 3 pieces of laundry each pressed for free, making 12 pieces as they was 4 of us (his words), however they charged us for items over the 3 and they couldn't beleive the butler would have told us anything different! Then there's the transfers, I've emails to say that as we stayed Club transfers, arrival and departure, are included. However they did collect us but we had to pay for our return. I didn't take copies of the emails with me so are having to pursue that now I'm home. Food is expensive, eg a smallish margaretta pizza by the pool is 拢10 and a very small tub of icecream is 拢5. You'll also need to get up early if you want a nice bed by the pool the Japanese we met reminded me of the stories of the Germans on holiday. Towels on the bed you want by 6 in the morning or no go! Even if they don't appear until 11 to claim them. The beach can get dirty, locals use it as well (and so they should), but there's quite a lot of pedestrian traffic. These seem to be visiting the restaurants based on the edge of the Intercontinental property. However Putu our guide who we'd hired for 3 days so we could see the real Bali told us there isn't any provision for the disposal of rubbish on the island so people just drop it. It's quite sad driving about this beautiful island as piles of rubbish are everywhere (mostly plastics as these won't burn on the little fires they light) and so are on the beach as well. We had one wonderful day when the waves were fantastic and we spent most of our time on the boogie boards. The rest of the days the waves were a lot smaller and as the water is quite mirky you can't snorkel (well you can but you can't see much!).The Club rooms are a fair size but have the smallest of balconies. However there's this white plastic they use on chairs,sofas etc and not only in the rooms but also the Club lounge - not nice to sit on. You'll need to ask for hangers and you'll only be left the most basic complimentary toilettrees.The volume on our telly didn't work properly, it would go loud then quiet - luckily it was only the children who would want to watch this. The knob on the shower didn't turn properly so it was hard to get the temperature right and for the first 4 days we couldn't have a bath as the plug was broken. The in room safe is also very small. The beatles in the bathroom, lizard in the pool and not being able to open your balcony doors after 5:30 (even stated in your room's documentation) because of the mosies are I suppose part and parcel of being on a tropical island. The Italian restaurant is nice, expect to pay 拢25 per person though (no alchol in that price!). The cafe by the Club pool was nice you just have to shake everything because of the ants. This includes sugar cubes before you put them in your coffee! However it was worth it because the coffee here was so much better than that at the main restaurant.The gardens are beautifully maintained and it was good to see so much employment for the locals, in fact there may even be more gardeners than visitors! One man had the job of removing, washing and then replacing the white stones around one of the borders near our room, he used to give us the loveliest of smiles. The best bit was he wasn't expecting a tip he was just happy!So 10 nights of not sleeping and feeling that they're just looking for ways to make more money out of you means we wouldn't go back, well not to the Intercontinental. We loved Bali and the Balinese we just need to find another hotel! Oh and lastly please try the Hard Rock Cafe we spent many wonderful evenings there. The live band was great, the food excellent and best of all the staff were lovely, made every effort and took time to chat - what I'd expected from the hotel really but sadly didn't get.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Boardsports
<Content>Quite possibly the best ever We only stayed a week in the Club class of the hotel and it was an absolutely unforgettable experience.The service was incredibly friendly and welcoming and the resort itself is quite possibly one of the best hotels in the world! .- and I麓ve seen quite some of them.Coming back after two weeks in Lombok - sadly for just one day we were welcomed like old friends - we definitely will be back as soon as possible!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sharon5769
<Content>Fantastic Hotel, Wonderful Holiday This hotel was fantastic pure luxury. We stayed in the Club loft rooms which I would recommend if you are staying with young children as you have a lot more room. The staff were extremely friendly. Our kids aged 7 and 5 thought the kids club was great it even has its own pool and the facility is free if you are in the Club rooms!!. Could not fault anything will definately go back. Lovely, Lovely,Lovely.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>traveller44
<Content>All other hotels pale in comparison I wrote the review with the title Gounds are great, but the rooms , posted Jan 24,2005. Upon reading glowing reviews about the hotel and its extensive renovations, I nervously returned for a seven night stay in April 2006. Well, what can I say, but 'wow' ! The hotel and the grounds are just fantastic. I stayed in the Singaraya wing, with its own concierge  snack facility. The staff of this wing were second to none: friendly, warm, sincere  provide premium customer service. In fact, the last sentence applies to all the staff at the hotel. There are staff at this hotel who have remembered me from all five stays at this property! When they see me, they have a large sincere smile and welcome me. Now that's great service. I recommend so many things at this hotel, such as a 'grounds tour', a 'behind the scenes' tour, a 'poolside' massage, a bike ride of the local village. The Jimbaran Bay beach is the cleanest in Bali. The grounds are enormous, so even at full hotel capacity, you won't feel crowded (how many hotels can claim that?). The hotel is right next to the wonderful (and extraordinarly cheap) restaurants of Jimbaran Bay (which is where the second sets of bombs occured). There's no need to worry about your personal safety as the security of this area is terrific. I felt extremely safe the whole time I was there. Do yourself a wonderful favour (and also for the truly beautiful people of Bali too) and make your way to Bali and stay at this wonderful resort. I just can't wait to get back there for my sixth stay!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel, will definitly return here My wife and I stayed a week at the intercontinental at the end of June 06 and everything was fantastic. We had a Deluxe room in the newly rennovated Singaraja wing and it was very clean, spacious and nicely decorated. Concierge service in this wing a kind of details that makes your stay in this hotel even better (free drinks and top service 24/24 without the need to go to the lobby). All the staff is really friendly, responsive and very professionnal. Food is very good but expensive for Bali (I recommend the Italian one), grounds are perfectly maintained, pools and gardens are great, the beach is, one of the best in Bali and don't miss the spa or a massage on the beach. Among all the 5 stars resort we did, this one is in the top 3 and when we will return to Bali, this is the place we will stay again. Enjoy...  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Nirvana80
<Content>Hotel Vision: "Our Guests Want to Return"......and we did return!       Breakfast Area  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ahmi_dbf
<Content>Great value for the $$       "Superior" room. Very spacious, nicely furnished, huge king size bed, separate tub  shower,  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great family hotel We frequent Bali maybe 5-6 times a year. Twice a year is our family vacation. This is definitely one hotel that serves the needs of a family vacation. They have the Kids Club which has daily children activities. This is great for our 2 kids who are 7 and 4. A little bit steep on the price but it was irresistable for us given that we wanted to also spend time lazing around. The staff was also great. We will definitely go back for our family vacation.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>wiezoe
<Content>pondok bambu sea side bungalows       Nice sea view  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Metalmicky
<Content>Intercontinental, a fantastic hotell !! Having just returned yesterday from Bali after a 12 night stay @ Intercontinental hotel  may i hasten to add feeling pretty tired  jet lagged after our 18 hr flight back to UK, i still feel so very drawn to get this review up on here as quick as possible, yes because the whole experience was that good!!So we arrived after the long flight feeling pretty tired  maybe a touch over critical, we had originally booked a deluxe room in the Singaraja wing which i was told were the resorts newly renovated rooms we had also thought about upgrading to the club wing but after a little consideration on the extra budget it would cost stuck to our original choice, with an option to have a sleep on it as we could always change. When we arrived at our room in the Singaraja wing we started to have a look around it  dont get me wrong it wasnt a badly appointed but just lacked certain touches the bathroom looked half finished  it was just silly things like mirrors being in the wrong place like miles away from the hairdryer also not really any drawers to store your clothes in, so the next day we decided to go  have a look at what extra the club rooms could offer for the additional cost of $50 per night ,on arrival at club reception our initial impression was how different things felt you had a lot more of a personal welcome  after a look at a standard club room escorted by one of the clubs very polished butlers we decided to move asap all in all for the extra $50 you got a whole lot more like 24 hr butler service, use of club lounge with 24 hr snack menu  soft drinks ,use of club pool ,complimentery internet acess in the lounge  even unlimited booze between 5 to 8 pm in the lounge ( most heavenly cocktails ) oh  yes the room was just that better thought out, much nicer bathroom for example.The main thing that really impressed though was the total professionalism of the club staff nothing  i mean nothing was to much trouble  always done with a genuine smile i actually felt at times, it difficult to believe how they could give such perfect service day in day out !! Coming from the UK maybe overpriced poor service is something that we accept, so it did come as a refreshing shock.On a more general point the whole resort was excellent, food in all their outlets be it the Italian or Japanese was superb if a little overpriced compared to what you could get outside in the local restaurants but thats a 5* hotel i suppose, one thing i would say is Jimbaran bay beach isnt all it cracks up to be thought it looked a little dirty including the sea also Jimbaran is a pretty basic area the road to the hotel is very local  lacks places to go out in the evening if you want to eat out its $10in a cab to Seminyak which is a much more stylish cosmopolitan area, shame hotel couldnt have been situated there.Lastly may i say to make your holiday in Bali complete you need to book a good driver for a few days so you can really get out  see what the real Bali vibe is all about we booked a guy called Dean who turned out to be one of the nicest most trustworthy guys i have had the pleasure to meet his car was superbly clean  even offered a cool box of drinks  cold towels for your travels around the island we actually started to become pretty good mates  he was explaining to me how tough the Balinese people are having it at the moment since the Oct bombings, it did look quite but security looked very tight in all the top places SO PLEASE DONT BE PUT OFF!! this beautiful island  its people need your tourist buck to survive you will not regret going to Bali  hopefully the Intercon, it really is all that !!!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BayAreaDavid
<Content>A Very Wonderful Experience       View of the Main Entrance and Lobby Building  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>divinediana
<Content>Fabulous place on deserted Bali       exterior of rooms  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stus
<Content>Great stayed in a few places in Bali this was the best by far! Make sure you have the fillet steak in the Italian restaurant.Visit other restaurants like kudate and the living room they are great!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Gemakan
<Content>Great hotel grounds; badly maintened rooms.       "Loft Suite" awaiting refurbishment  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!!!   showReview(4321732, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kelly2008095
<Content>5 Star Resort, 3 Star Rooms Had a great time       The Standard room  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Aelwyn
<Content>A wonderful resort!   showReview(4092860, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent       sunset  
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kasiak71
<Content>Loved the Intercontinental       by the pools  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very pleasant but impersonal       Sunset  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveltim
<Content>Excellent rooms and service at Club Intercontinental       Beachside massage  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TravelSakVancouver
<Content>A little piece of Heaven on Earth       Hotel entrance sets the mood  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jirrupin
<Content>What a resort!   showReview(2521233, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>applepie747
<Content>涓嶆€濊銇檪闁?#x201d;       銇嶃倢銇勩仾銉撱兗銉?/a>  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>correcaminosbmw
<Content>Magn铆fico   showReview(22370974, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傘儶銉冦儊銇皸鍒嗐伀銇倢銇俱仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(22856088, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MAKI30Madrid
<Content>Hotelazo       Puesta de sol en la playa de Jimbaran  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Jym7
<Content>Pour le confort en famille   showReview(21410226, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>shibe
<Content>銈堛亜銉涖儐銉仹銇椼仧銆?#x201d;   showReview(21397419, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>銉愩偒銉溿兂銉戙儜
<Content>CLUB SUITE銇屻亰濂ㄣ倎鈥?#x201d;   showReview(21094972, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dadarei
<Content>銇伀銈傘亱銈傛渶楂橈紒銆€   showReview(20643505, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>銇嶃仧銇樸亙
<Content>瀹夊績鎰?#x201d;   showReview(20609824, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>kuwami
<Content>銈儵銉栥儠銉偄锛?#x201d;   showReview(20583461, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇冨湴銇勩亜銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(21744390, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>銉°儹銉囥偅
<Content>銉涖儐銉儵銈ゃ儠   showReview(20559990, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>yukichan_usachan
<Content>澶у瀷銉涖儐銉仹銇欍亴銇倱銇炽倞   showReview(20363575, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>biancaStrasbourg
<Content>Bel hotel mais prix des repas beaucoup trop 茅lev茅 !       Vue du lobby  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	3	4	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇欍仈銇忋儶銉┿儍銈偣銇с亶銈?#x201d;   showReview(20753349, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈嗐仯銇忋倞銇с亶銇俱仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(20753325, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dol_individual
<Content>銇嶃倎绱般亱銇偟銉笺儞銈?#x201d;       銉椼兗銉偟銈ゃ儔  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>elybu
<Content>In una parola: favoloso!       la spiaggia  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Vertigo05
<Content>Un bon h么tel parmi les 5 茅toiles de Bali   showReview(19503501, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>aliEspa_a
<Content>Estancia maravillosa   showReview(19438375, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仌銇ソ鍦?#x201d;   showReview(19915314, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bibiphil
<Content>Le r锚ve   showReview(19139960, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mayaPasDeCalais
<Content>SUPERBE HOTEL       serveur  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ToledoAmy
<Content>Me encant贸 el Intercontinental Resort Bali   showReview(18155317, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儵銉栥儷銉笺儬銇倓銇ｃ伇銈娿亜銇勶紒   showReview(19172304, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ana130
<Content>Un paraiso en la tierra   showReview(16407469, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>memordax
<Content>Hotel espectacular!!!   showReview(16306464, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鑷炽倢銈婂敖銇忋仜銈?#x201d;   showReview(19170359, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cix25
<Content>Bienvenido al paraiso   showReview(14488369, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>eldesdichado
<Content>Usine de grand luxe       Une des dizaines de cours...  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偩銉笺儓鈾?#x201d;   showReview(19169318, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>exotiques06
<Content>Jardins somptueux, trop d'employ茅s!   showReview(13905698, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>GRAMINE
<Content>Calme et luxe   showReview(13231492, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儵銉栥儷銉笺儬銇粸鍦ㄣ仐銇︺€傘€?#x201d;   showReview(19168459, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TOMKA
<Content>TOP-HOTEL. Das Paradies auf Erden!!!   showReview(13036460, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>malouka
<Content>Excellent h么tel   showReview(12533257, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈ゃ兂銈裤兗銈炽兂銉併儘銉炽偪銉儧銉嗐儷銇劅鎯?#x201d;   showReview(19167582, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儵銉栧皞鐢?#x201d;   showReview(19167203, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€楂樸伄銉偩銉笺儓   showReview(19166841, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>EVABilbo
<Content>el mejor con diferencia   showReview(11111006, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娆″洖銈傘偗銉┿儢銉兗銉犮仹銇欙紒锛撅季   showReview(19166624, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kikesito
<Content>Impresionante complejo!!!   showReview(10613723, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉椼兗銉亴銇勩亜   showReview(19165908, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儵銉栥伀澶ф簚瓒?#x201d;   showReview(19165797, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛滃瓙閫ｃ倢鎯呭牨锛炪偆銉炽偪銉笺偝銉炽儊銉嶃兂銈裤儷銉偩銉笺儓銉愩儶   showReview(19165668, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>24鏅傞枔銉曘儶銉笺偣銉娿儍銈?#x201d;   showReview(19165575, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>021282
<Content>allez y   showReview(10053155, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儵銉栥儷銉笺儬銇埄鐢ㄤ尽鍊ゅぇ   showReview(19164734, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈嗐仯銇忋倞銇欍倠銇伅鏈€楂樸仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19164052, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绱犳暤銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19163710, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈便儊銇ｃ仸澶辨晽   showReview(19163616, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Christian33
<Content>Tolles Hotel, gelungener Aufenthalt   showReview(8434516, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傘亰寰椼仾銈儵銉栥儷銉笺儬   showReview(19163180, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹夊績銇椼仸娉娿伨銈屻伨銇?#x201d;   showReview(19163089, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lhudebin
<Content>vacances intercontinental de bali   showReview(8122134, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儘銉犮兗銉炽伀鏈€閬┾櫔   showReview(19161759, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绌烘腐銇嬨倝銈傝繎銇勩倖銇ｃ亸銈娿仹銇嶃倠銉偩銉笺儓銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19161565, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瑷倷銇亜銇勩亼銈屻仼鈥?#x201d;   showReview(19161555, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉儵銉冦偗銈广仹銇嶃倠銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19161543, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>璞彲銇皸鍒嗐亴鍛炽倧銇堛仧   showReview(19161468, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瓒呭揩閬┿儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19161449, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈ゃ兂銈裤兗銈炽兂銉併儘銉炽偪銉伄鐪熴伄寮枫仌銇?#x201d;   showReview(19161448, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偗銉偗銉汇偡銉冦儓銉兓銉庛兂銉撱儶鈾?#x201d;   showReview(19161442, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐧掋仌銈屻伨銇椼仧   showReview(19161417, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>濂姐亶銇汉銇ㄨ銇ｃ仧銈夋渶楂?#x201d;   showReview(19161403, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仯銇︺倐鑹亱銇ｃ仧锛?#x201d;   showReview(19161402, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>joligathor
<Content>Du grans luxe !   showReview(7851967, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偩銉笺儓婧€鍠?#x201d;   showReview(19161378, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瑕冲厜銈傞銇圭墿銈傛捣銈?#x201d;   showReview(19161372, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浼戞棩銈夈仐銇勪紤鏃?#x201d;   showReview(19161341, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鑷炽倢銈娿仱銇忋仜銈?#x201d;   showReview(19161332, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈搞兂銉愩儵銉炽儞銉笺儊銇潰銇欍倠瀹?#x201d;   showReview(19160115, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dik75
<Content>Il sogno diventa realt脿!!       il pi霉 bel tramonto della mia vita  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇伀銈傘仐銇亜浼戞棩   showReview(19160014, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绉€閫搞伄銈儵銉栥儷銉笺儬   showReview(19159999, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儵銉栨渶楂?!   showReview(19159457, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Nizza2
<Content>Muy recomendable   showReview(5900598, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈嗐仯銇熴倞婊炲湪銇椼仧銇勫ぇ浜恒伄鐐恒伄銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19158981, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>璞彲銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19158946, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瑷倷銉堛儵銉栥儷銇伃閬?#x201d;   showReview(19158643, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€杩戙€佸洠浣撳銇屽銇堛仧   showReview(19158544, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广儜浠ュ銇亜銇勩亱銈傦紵   showReview(19158035, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Un s茅jour inoubliable...   showReview(5076838, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇娿仢銈嬨伖銇?#x201d;   showReview(19157597, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仧鎴汇仯銇︺亶銇熴亸銇倠銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19155176, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉亱銈夊嚭銇亜銇ч亷銇斻仜銇俱仚   showReview(19930333, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈ゃ兂銈裤兗銈炽兂銉佹渶楂?#x201d;   showReview(19930024, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿鏁帮紨锛擄紤銇ぇ鍨嬨儶...   showReview(19928160, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉°偆銉炽儣銉笺儷銇伅銉椼兗...   showReview(19926863, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩儶銇偢銉炽儛銉┿兂銇亗...   showReview(19925955, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傚ぇ銇嶃仾銉涖儐銉仹...   showReview(19924395, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ伀銇嬨亸婧€瓒炽仹銇欍€傘儛...   showReview(19921688, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩儶宄舵粸鍦紥锛楁硦銇渶...   showReview(19921393, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>搴冦亜鏁峰湴銇儣銉┿偆銉欍兗...   showReview(19920244, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闀锋湡銉愩儶婊炲湪銇渶寰屻伄...   showReview(19920059, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠婂洖銇€佷粖銇岃銇嶆檪銇?..   showReview(19919329, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉椼兗銉倐娣枫倱銇с亜銇亱...   showReview(19918472, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>3娉娿仐銇俱仐銇熴€傛湞椋熴伅...   showReview(19917396, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广兗銉氥儶銈伀锛掓硦銇椼伨...   showReview(19917000, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

