<Author>majorNewJersey
<Content>35th Anniversary My wife and I spent last weekend celebrating our 35th wedding anniversary at the Four Seasons in Boston. It could not have been better. From the time we arrived we were always greeted by name. Our room overlooked the Public Garden which was magical at Christmas time. The room was a suite which was spacious and quiet. We could not have asked for more.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MTZinzan
<Content>Excellent hotel and very friendly Stayed here with my wife and four children for three nights in late October. Had a wonderful stay and especially enjoyed the gym and leisure centre. In particular, the staff were exceptionally friendly and courteous - the only exception being a young man in the Leisure centre who was a bit up himself - and I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to any of my friends fro any sort of getaway. As noted by other reviewers the location is excellent.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cbuie
<Content>Nice choice in Boston Just got back from a 3 night stay in Boston. This property is a little worn and not as perfect as some of the other 4S properties-the chair in our room had stains on it, and the tv remote was dirty. However, those were the only 2 glitches. I agree that at the prices you pay for a 4S, 2 glitches is too many, but 4S is one of the few hotels that I know I can count on, and Boston was no exception. Our room and bath were very clean (other than the remote, obviously)- no stray hairs to be found on the linens, in the bed, or in the bath (one of my pet peeves!). The service was definitely up to 4S standards, and the location across from Boston Common was great. We were given a ride by the house car to dinner one night (a free service) and were given excellent recommendations by the concierge on where to eat and what to see. We had an excellent stay- the location was great, the service was excellent, and our room was spacious and very clean. This would definitely be my choice if ever in Boston again.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>lovegoodhotels
<Content>Wasn't As Good As Expected Out of all the Four Seasons we have seen and stayed in, this definitely was not one of the best. We were in a room directly overlooking the public gardens, which were lovely. The rooms are nicely decorated but on the small size. Our bed was quite hard. However, upon request, housekeeping did put an egg crate on the mattress and that really helped. In the small bathroom, a glass door only covered 2/3 of the shower leaving the last third open. Between that and the gape between the glass where it opened, we had a flooded floor every time we took a shower. On the plus side, check in was smooth, the hotel was clean and the location is outstanding (on Boylston Ave. near the best shopping and restaurants in Boston) and overall the service was good. The t.v.s were plasmas with a great picture, the towels were nice and soft.The Bristol lounge was a bit slow but the food was better than in room dining. The cocktails were also quite good and potent.There were two incidents that made my husband and I think that there is a little lack of communication with their staff. Each morning, we would receive a call that was meant for another room, waking us early, followed one morning by a maid delivering a pair of pants to us at 6:00 a.m., only to be told they have the wrong room. We grew tired of them waking us for reasons that were not ours. Also, when the turn down maid came to deliver fresh towels, she put them on the toilet seat before she attempted to hang them up. I told her we didn't want any new towels. By now, I thought there were some things that management should know, so I made a call down to them to make them aware of some of their staff issues. After I spoke to the manager on duty, she told me that she would comp most of our room stay to make up for what happened. We were very thankful that she handled the problem with so much generosity. If she hadn't, I could not in good conscience, have given this hotel even four stars. As it was though, she redeemed their hotel, especially by talking to each department that had made the mistakes. We received apologetic follow up calls from each department involved. We sincerely hope that this will help their service to improve here.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>cheesi
<Content>Just Not Quite There on Service The location was wonderful. The greeting from front desk staff was great. Our room was beautiful - so why couldn't we give this an Excellent? Service in the Bristol Lounge is the answer. We spent two nights at the hotel. Both nights we had to wait on service, not only to get served, but for our check. Ordered a coffee/liquor and got exactly 1 cup of coffee - no offer for a refill or even checked on by the staff. Area was great, but I think next time we would try a different hotel.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>p750777
<Content>Great hotel This is not one of the best Four Seasons with some of the rooms a littel dated but the service and location are excellent.Four Seasons service stands them out above other properties and this was no exception. I had a great room which was oversized with sitting area and large bathroom no seperate shower. The bed was incredibly comfortable and the location excellent for shopping/sightseeing Boston.The pool is small but is adequate for swimming. Overall a good choice for Boston.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>manone151
<Content>Spectacular This hotel is spectacular in both its features and its service. I absolutely loved everything about the hotel, from the elegant lobby area, to the comfortable and spacious guest rooms to the incredible dining room. I would HIGHLY recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Boston. It is in a good location and close to alot of shops and restaurants.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tenley
<Content>Delightful We had a great time. We were there for a wedding (which was lovely, great food and decor and service) and had a wonderful time. Our room was spacious and well outfitted. Service (one hour valet, shoeshine, newspapers, concierge making salon bookings) was great and check in and out was a breeze. Staff was very service oriented.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>eskew
<Content>Good, Not Outstanding Was in this hotel 2 nights, for a wedding (which was also taking place at the hotel).Property is well located, on the main shopping street just a few blocks away from Back Bay and south of the Common.Lobby and bar look good, corridors and rooms (at least the two that I saw) could do with some refurb, they look a little tired.Room (we had a standard) was not very large but spacious enough, furniture a little dated but functional, bathroom needs a little upgrading.The top floor gym/spa/pool is small but nice.Service meets the Four Seasons standard, but nothing to make us write home about.In all a pleasant experience, but not outstanding.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>newyorklover123
<Content>Gorgeous! Typical Four Seasons. Amazing service, restaurants, rooms and location. Close to Newbury Street and the Public Garden we were only there for a night but it was worth it! Had dinner and afternoon tea. We were upgraded from room to suite and had a marvelous time.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dagny4
<Content>Nice, but not up to Four Seasons standards We stayed recently for a couple of nights on a Bed and Breakfast package. The positives: great location, the staff was very nice and very friendly to our two year old son, the king size bed in our room was excellent. The negatives: the room size is given on their website as 375 sq. feet. There is NO way our room was that size, unless they count the bathroom, the closet and part of the outside hallway. The room, while not small, was by no means spacious. The towels we received both days were barely good enough for a Holiday Inn. They are very old and need to be replaced. One time we even got a towel with yellow stains on it - it was promptly replaced by housekeeping with a clean (although similarly old) towel, but this is not something that should happen at a Four Seasons hotel. Our breakfast was supposed to be included in the room rate, but we were actually charged extra for our breakfast on Sunday. This is because breakfast included actually means a certain dollar amount that 2 guests can spend on breakfast, and the Sunday brunch for 2 people (which is the only option for breaksfast on Sunday, there is no a la carte) comes to more than that amount. This, of course, is not disclosed on their website when you book. We did receive a refund of the extra amount we were charged for breakfast after we complained, but complaining is not what one wants to do on vacation and certainly not at a Four Seasons. Overall, this was not an excellent hotel and we probably will stay elsewhere on our next visit to Boston.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Trebor68
<Content>Dull and charmless Reading the many reviews of this hotel I am inclined to believe that people are rating (or gushing over) this hotel on its reputation, or that of the Four Seasons chain, and not the hotel itself. In my view this must be the least comfortable and stylish Four Seasons I have stayed in with the smallest bedroom I have ever experienced in the group. The hotel lacks any style, is devoid of any character or personality, is furnished cheaply and struck me more as a nice Holiday Inn or Marriot property, with nothing exceptional about it you would expect from Four Seasons. Overall, service was OK, hotel was dull and charmless, location excellent, service fine but not exceptional. Four Seasons, either try much harder or hand this property over to a chain that would manage it at a rate more in line with the service and personality of the property.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>nycinvestmentbanker
<Content>Imperfect Four Seasons I only stay at Four Season properties so I have a good base of knowledge about them. Unfortunately, this one is the worst.Where to start?-lengthy check-in process-construction in the lobby-so many classes of rooms that it is hard to get an upgrade that is worthwhile.-doorman actually asked me if i was a guest at the hotel and i had to prove it before he called me a cab-housekeeping walked in on me even though i had a DND sign on the door-the room service was cold -the bed I had was not the typical four seasons bed.Seriously not a Four Seasons property at its finest. For that - try London or New York.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	1	2	1	

<Author>The_Deacons
<Content>Four Seasons, Five Stars Have you ever been to a bad four seasons hotel?I didn't think so - me neither.This hotel offers everything we have come to know and love about the four seasons. Impeccable service, great rooms, good pool, brunch is amazing.The best hotel in Boston. I always stay there when I am in town - but be warned, I left it too late last time and they had no room for me. My wife still hasn't forgiven me.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>szmc
<Content>Luxury at its finest Anytime you stay at the Four Seasons you are living in a fantasy world! Exquisite service, professional staff and wonderful rooms! Great for a splurge or a treat. Boston has so much to offer and the four season delivers first class style.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>FlyingFrequently
<Content>Great spot Traveling to Boston frequently, I've had the opportunity to stay at several of the hotels in the area. The Four Seasons Boston is the best one I've come across. The service is excellent. The location is great for business or touring downtown Boston. The restaurant/lounge on the lobby level serves excellent food and has a very nice atmosphere. The rooms are not quite as large as some spots, but they are very well furnished. I would strongly recommend this hotel. It's location allows for easy access to some of the best parts of Boston. And, you can't beat the service.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>onmyway
<Content>The 4 in Fours Seasons is for Service Four Seasons is the best hotel in Boston. The roof top pool has one of the best views and the service can't be beat. The location is great for a quick walk through the Common , Newbury Street, Chales St, Beacon Hill and theatres. We have stayed at the Marriot Long Wharf, Marriot Copley, Westin, Sheraton , Air port Hilton, and the Ritz Carlton (now the Taj) the Four Seasons is definately the best. It also has the best children's menu and ammenities for kids. The work out room is great. The only thing missing are pedicure and manicure services at the hotel. There are very few hotels in Boston that have full spa services on site. The Westin claims to, but, the spa is actually in the Copley Mall. Not so condusive to walking down through the lobby in your robe. If you can stay at the Seasons when in Boston.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MusicFlyer
<Content>One of the best hotels in the United States This is our second time to the Boston Four Seasons...with our 6 and 9 year olds. Let me tell you: if this is something you can afford or luxuriate to, please do so. It is a magnificent hotel. FIVE STARS.From the maid service to the wait staff to the car service (if you need to take a short trip), it's all here. First class all the way. The maid service, the amenities, the world-class pool over looking Boston Commons, the gym, the spa. My goodness! It's magical!Yes, it's expensive but it's worth every single penny. Period!This is one of my favorite hotels in the United States.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SP103
<Content>Nearly perfect This is a long review as it's a 5 star property, so when you stay at a place like this you expect everything perfect. We reserved the romance package for a Saturday evening. I was disappointed in the online booking process I was unable to select a smoking room. I called the room reservations after booking and they stated no problem. Valet was extremely quick (part of the package), then check-in was very friendly and speedy as well. The attendant did the standard four seasons walk around where they walk you to the elevators which I admit is a nice touch. When we arrived at the room, no ashtrays! I thought my fiancee was going to flip out. And then the weirdest thing happened. I said I'll call them for an ashtray and just as I finished speaking their was a knock at the door. It's an employee with 2 ashtrays. Knock, Knock Neo (Matrix anyone?) was all I could think of! The room itself was down to the bone clean, with a 42 inch Hi-Def TV. We did not have a view of the common back the back of Vadassha way. That didn't bother me as I was upgraded for free as I booked their cheapest room. The room I booked was $345 with the package and I got the $545 room. Interesting note, they only have 11 of the cheap rooms per their website, and 150 of the deluxe rooms. So it looks like everyone gets bumped up. For once, the Hi-Def TV did actually have some Hi-Def channels, but just the basic channels (4,5,7 Fox, etc). I'd expect a full HD cable lineup at the four seasons. Another disappointments with the room was no stereo and coffeemaker. The lack of a hotel guestbook was noticeable too when I attempted to get a ride in the complimentary limo service. I found that to be booked. So if you want to use that service on a weekend, call the concierge ahead of time to reserve it. The minibar was a little understocked in the snacks part, but the prices were not out of control ($5 for a beer, thats not too outrageous). We received champagne and treats with our romance package, we liked the champagne but hated the treats (hey, we admit not be foodies, we like chex mix so, if you are you'll probably love them!). The bathroom in the room was large and comfortable with nice toiletries. They didn't give you the whole gambit of stuff however like mouthwash etc. The shower was hot and powerful and the towels I thought were average. The robes they provide are nice. My fiancee liked the lighted make-up mirror. I hated it because I could see my poor shaving job from earlier in the day :) . We went out for dinner and drinks in downtown and came back and found our room refreshed with turn-down service. It was really nice with bottles of water, lights dimmed and everything re-cleaned. The next morning our breakfast was right on time (again, with our package deal). The food was good, someone mentioned earlier in that they limit you to eggs, bacon etc which is true. I couldn't imagine paying nearly $70 for this breakfast for two but when it's included it's good. Checkout was fast and I left the comment card at the concierge and my car was waiting for me when I came outside. I checked out the fitness and pool area quickly, and was offered a bathing suit and work-out clothes and a drink for just walking in the door. That was impressive. Every employee there was focused on making you feel special. The only other true 5 star hotel I have stayed at was Mohegan Sun, so comparing is difficult. I found Mohegan Sun to have a few extra room features that Four Seasons lacked. However, Mohegan does not have Hi-Speed wireless internet or flat-screen Hi-Def TVs as of yet. The service is not the issue at this Four Seasons, nor the location. It's the amount of technology and guest comfort within the room that is missing. I will give it a bit of a slide however seeing it's an older building. Our entire stay was stone silent in our hallway (well designed for this purpose). As far as price, I paid $380 with tax for the romance package. The regular rate was $295 (without tax). So with the package I got $40 valet parking, champagne and treats, and a $70 breakfast so the deal is very good. So is it the best in Boston? It depends. Maybe not for our age range (25-35) who enjoys a little more technology in the rooms like found at a Kimpton's Hotel Marlowe,Nine Zero or the XV Beacon. If you are dependent on the hotel for services aka packages, arranging dinner plans etc I would pick the Four Seasons as their staff is amazing. Again, it's location is perfect, a cab ride to Fanieul Hall was under $10. I would assume the same price to and from the Fenway park (kenmore) area. We had a great time, thanks for reading.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fontaine
<Content>The best hotel in Boston - BUT I have stayed in almost every good hotel in Boston - some multiple times - and this is without a doubt the best hotel in Boston based on location, amenities (beautiful swimming pool), newly renovated guest rooms and generally careful service. The reason that this hotel isnt higher rated among Boston hotels, in my opinion, is that at the prices this hotel charges there is no room for error. This weekend the hotel was generally lovely - with some problems. My friends' room was not made up until after 2:30 - and only because she called. This is unacceptable, especially considering they were out of the room since before 9. The Bristol lounge is being renovated and there was no other place for a cocktail at 11pm. Breakfast on Sunday was extremely crowded - we were told that without a reservation there were no tables, although we were not cautioned to make reservations despite being on the bed and breakfast special (a table was eventually found). The food was cold and the service was bad, just not enough help in a crowded room (there were many families having brunch who appeared not to be guests of the hotel). The hot tub had small children in it - with their pool toys. But despite all of this the renovated rooms are truly lovely and the location can't be beat. By the way - this is a dog friendly hotel - and I saw, surprisingly, some very large dogs.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovelux
<Content>LOVED and am hooked on Four Seasons! Our first Four Seasons experience was incredible. Every hotel since gets compared to our stay at the Four Seasons in Boston and nothing even comes close.We stayed here for two nights with our 4-year old daughter and everything was perfect.From the child amenity kit to the greeting you receive every time you walk past a staff member - the food, the bar, the room, the location (right across from Boston Common - perfect for kids). I can't say enough. I understand how Four Seasons' is ranked best in the world OVER AND OVER!Would be happy to answer any questions!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pramstroker
<Content>An Oasis in the Land 0' Libs Well, I knew I wasn't in a red state any more when I saw John Kerry throwing one down in the hotel's bar. Political issues aside, this is a great hotel, great staff and it is our preferred place to stay in Boston. Well located for all the things there are to do in Boston. My kids loved the chocolate covered strawberry's at night. One caveat: parking is expensive at $38 per night. Not unusual for large city parking, but still alot.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Livingoutofasuitcase
<Content>Great views over The Common. Four Seasons = Top quality. You know what you are getting whehn you book at one of these hotels. Upgraded to a suite which was massive; service was top notch  instantaneous (!) and wonderful views over Boston Common. Highly recommended! Note though that you are a few minutes drive to the financial district.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>DCroamer
<Content>Fine hotel in a great location. Boston鈥檚 Four Seasons is a comfortable and elegant hotel in the heart of the city. My wife and I stayed in an Executive King Suite over the Thanksgiving holiday. The suite consisted of a bedroom and sitting room, both with spectacular views of the Boston Garden.The good news: the housekeeping was terrific. The bed was as comfortable as any I鈥檝e slept in. Thought the room faced Boylston Street 鈥?a busy thoroughfare 鈥?there was practically no noise. The appointments, while not inspired, were certainly elegant. Flat screen TV鈥檚 in both bedroom and sitting area. The gym and pool area were very nice. Great toiletries in the bathroom and good robes and slippers were provided.The staff was very professional and nice. The Concierge was most helpful in arranging a number of activities 鈥?including a catered dinner. Also, the less formal restaurant 鈥?the Bistro 鈥?was very nice and the food was excellent.Always keep in mind, it is a Four Seasons, so everything costs. You practically have to have a stack of Five Dollar bills for tipping anyone and everyone associated with the hotel. That said, we had a very good stay and would stay again.The best part is that the hotel is in the heart of everything. It is on Boylston Street in walking distance from great shopping and strolling on Boylston, Newberry Street and Charles Street. There are a number of fantastic restaurants nearby as is Boston鈥檚 theater district. It is also situated just across from the Public Garden and the Boston Common. The location really couldn鈥檛 be better.A couple of minor complaints. First, given the cost of the room, we were surprised by the lack of drawer space. There is no 鈥渄resser鈥?as such. There are scattered pieces of furniture with scattered drawers, but it seemed somewhat hap-hazard. Second, I like my hotel rooms cold and I could never get the temperature quite right. The thermostat said 65 degrees but I am quite sure it never got that cold. The windows would not open and we were told there was a repair issue. Ultimately, we had a fan brought in and that solved the problem. Also, the couch in the sitting room could have been more comfortable, but that is a personal preference.However, in the end, we were well satisfied by the hotel and impressed by the service.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jonhyde6
<Content>Terrible Experience, Articles stolen from Hotel Room After staying at the hotel for a wedding, my room was broken into and a significant amount of Jewelry stolen. The Boston Police Department has since found the thief and has a video of the gentlemen leaving my hotel room. Through this terrible ordeal the 4 Seasons has been unbelievable. They have claimed that it is not their responsibility and refuse to insure my belongings. On top of everything, I was shocked when they didn't even bother to comp my room after I had to deal with a police report all day. Do not stay here unless you want to deal with a rude and terrible staff at a 2-3 star hotel. Try the Taj  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cookbook234
<Content>Horrible Experience and Hotel We went to the Four Seasons expecting perfection and got quite the opposite. We were told our room could accomodate four people, but was only big enough for maybe two. When we asked for a cot, the sheets had stains on them. The bathroom was only accessible from the bedroom in the suite, so the two sleeping in the very small living room had to walk through the bedroom and wake everyone up to use the bathroom and shower. When we called to ask for a room change, they said they did not have two rooms available. Then, we called another hotel to change and as soon as we told the manager we were changing hotels, all of a sudden, rooms were available. It was ridiculous. They were only willing to help us when they thought they were going to lose our business. Then, they refused to give us the free breakfast we had booked for and made us pay because we were leaving early. This is not a five star hotel BY ANY MEANS. It felt like a two or three star hotel and was very disappointing. We stay at five star hotels consistently, generally staying at the Ritz Carlton or the Mandarin in New York City. We expect a five star hotel to meet our standards. Aside from the lobby, which was nice, the rooms, hallways, and service was disappointing and less than mediocre. If you're looking for a good stay, go to the Liberty. Much nicer, more comfortable, and brand new.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>field-guide
<Content>Good service, great location.... I stayed at the Four Seasons for a business trip, and had a very nice experience: the service was really lovely -- both warm and competent, with attention to detail -- although at times a little overly solicitous. The rooms are nicely furnished, and the little additions to the children's rooms were thoughtful. Be aware, however, that the city view rooms have an unexceptional view of the theater district; the garden view of the Public Garden is far better (although the hotel only goes up to 8 floors, so some of the view will be obscured by the leaves of trees in the summer months.) The location on the Public Garden is just wonderful, right near the swan boats and Newbury Street -- it's really a great part of the city for exploring on foot. Overall, I found this hotel to be pleasant and very well managed -- but to me, the real reason to stay here is that you're right in the heart of the most charming part of Boston.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>a trudy
<Content>wonderful hotel What can I say , it's a four seasons. What a wonderful weekend away. Many, many nice touches. Staff is grand. Hotel has gratis car service within aprox 8 miles of hotel. We took train to/from Boston and the driver dropped us off at Back Bay train station after we checked out. Great pool! and work out space. coffee, fruit available at pool in morning. Wonderful location accross from gardens easy walk to many tourist atractions, restaurants and theaters. Behind hotel is a restaurant called Finale, they do just desserts! really lovely desserts, it's my hubbys new fav place. We had to go twice.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>furcatt
<Content>Just OK despite reputation The Four Seasons is nice, no doubt about it. I had a standard room, good linens, bath/shower combo. Clean enough. But I could rattle off about 15 nicer hotels in other cities that cost much less. I guess I was expecting to be a Four Seasons convert...it didn't happen.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>WaupacaTraveller
<Content>Elegant but pricey I spent 2 nights at this hotel. the staff are well versed in personalized service and it shows. Everyone is helpful and pleasant. The location is excellent: right across from the Boston public garden. This puts you a 15 minute walk to fanuel hall and copley square. The park is amazing and fun to walk around. Room service is pricey but top notch. Pool and health club are very large and well equipped for an urban hotel. Downside: Bed and Breakfast package limits you to essentially bacon and eggs. It is not a menu credit or buffett access like other 4s properties--i'd pass unless you like the same thing everyday. Room was a bit stuffy, a/c was not that powerful, but housekeeping responded promptly with a fan.I loved this hotel.i am planning on returning but would not book the B and B package.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GroundedKiwi
<Content>Mind blowing! I have never been to a Four Seasons before but I am now absolutely hooked! From the moment we stepped out of the car, the service was faultless. We had contacted the Concierge before our trip for advice on renting a sports car, a great restaurant and to have some drinks put in our room. Each suggestion they made turned out to be outstanding. The room was equal to the best we have respectively stayed in and can't wait to return to that one or one of its sister hotels around the world. If you get the chance to go, trust us, you will love it too!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>hotellova
<Content>Not worth it Staff was unhelpful and rude. I will never stay here again. I am a single female traveler and wanted some assistance getting to my business meetings. They did not give me any assistance or directions. I was frustrated and checked out. Don't bother coming here. Stayed at another hotel and was MUCH happier!!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	3	3	1	1	1	

<Author>NYC24
<Content>Best in Boston Stayed at the Four Seasons for two nights over a weekend for my husband's birthday. We stay in Boston 6x per year and generally stay at the Ritz Carlton Boston Common (sleeker decor, bigger gym) but decided to give the Four Seasons a try since they have renovated the rooms pretty recently. We have to say we now prefer the Four Seasons. Here's a summary:The Check-in - they were waiting for us and had all our information ready. The room they booked matched our preferences exactly (view of park, high floor, no connecting doors). When we went from the reception back past the doormen, the doormen were already greeting us by name (must have gotten our name through their earpieces? either way it was impressive coordination). The Room. The style is still traditional, but there was a huge plasma tv and a very comfortable bed. The atmosphere is cozy. And the view, directly over the Boston Common, is incredible. The Restaurants. Had dinner upstairs at Aujourd'hui. Food was incredible, wine list is fantastic, but alas the service is slow. This was the only downer of the trip - there was a good 20-minute break between our salad course and the entrees arriving, which they attributed to a large private party of 20 getting in front of our order. This shouldn't happen at a restuarant of this quality. We did get a nice call from the director of food and bev the next day apologizing. We had lunch the next day for 6 at the downstairs restaurant Bristol Lounge. Again, service was a bit slow, but the food was excellent and they were extremely good about accomodating our large party on late notice. The Gym. Small workout area but not too crowded. Very nice pool area with a direct view over the park - looked like it was a great place for families to hang out. Overall, this hotel has all the services and amenities you would want, but want really makes it the best in Boston is the service of the porters, front desk staff, concierge, and management. Plus, the location is just perfect. Right on the park, easy walking distance to shopping.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Whorangthatbell
<Content>Well worth it We took a holiday break close to home last December and stayed for two nights with our three children at the 4S Boston, and it was so nice we hardly left the hotel. The staff was very attentive without being intrusive, and very good with our children, especially in the Bristol Lounge (we ate breakfast and dinner there) and by the pool.The location is perfect for shopping and close to the T and the theatre district, with views of Boston Common, the Public Garden and Beacon Hill from the restaurants and front facing rooms. The rooms were very clean, quiet, and well appointed (divine beds); we wished we had requested the view of the Public Garden and will remember to do that next time, and there will be a next time!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>teewhy
<Content>Loving It!! My husband is attending a conference here and we are also staying at The Four Seasons. The staff here are very polite and the consierge have a great knowledge of the area. The hotel offers a free car to drop you off anywhere within 2 mles. It has been a beautiful experience. The rooms are delightfully large, the meals though expensive, are great and the gym is one of the best hotel gyms I've seen so far with a nice size pool... not to mention the reasonably priced spa! I am having a blast staying here.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Reese9
<Content>Not at all worth it Stay away from this Four Seasons! It is way below what one would expect from such a pretigious hotel group. This is not the worst Four Seasons I've encountered--but almost. The room I reserved was not available, and even still I had to wait more than half an hour after arriving to get to what turned out to be a downgrade and not an upgrade. When I checked in, the carpet was flithy and stained in the room. The telephone did not work--so to ask for enything I had to travel down to the lobby. No attempt was made to apologize or change rooms. Service is the fine dining restaurant was slothful and the food bordered on being like a high school cafeteria. Go someplace else in Boston.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>ewe35
<Content>Very nice stay We went to The Four Seasons with another couple for a weekend get away. The hotel was great and the service was excellent. When I called for a bigger hair dryer and then for a lint brush, we received the request in a few minutes. There was a wide screen TV in the room that was very cool.They also have a very good service that shines your shoes overnight- for free.  The concierge was very attentive. She went out of her way to help us find the correct restaurants.She even called me on my cel phone several times during our touring to make lunch reservations.  The hotel gym was quite good for a hotel. There were some free weights, lots of traedmills and steppers, a pool and steam room.They offered the usual expensive spa stuff (massages and facials.. )but we did not indulge). My only complaint- they are renovating the dining room and the Sunday breakfast buffet was chaotic and confused. They could not find our reservations and the service was very slow and the waiter admitted there were problems.  All in all, a great place to go if you are in Boston. It is centrally located and right near the Freedom Trail. it was also nice we had a weekend package so we definitely got our money's worth. Recommended.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	3	4	5	4	

<Author>FirmFairandFriendly
<Content>Superb stay We spent two nights at the Four Seasons in Boston earlier this week. Check in was a delight. The bellman was cordial and efficient. Our room was clean, neat and had a great view. We had breakfast in our room one morning, and with the exception of two items that were not what we ordered, our breakfast was superb. We were impressed that our hot breakfast items arrived hot, and our cold items arrived cold. Housekeeping was exceptional, however, we received a wake-up call at 4:30 AM that was not intended for our room. We have stayed at both the Ritz and the Four Seasons in the past month, and there are aspects of each that we enjoy. There is nothing like walking out the door of the Ritz to Newbury Street. The area behind the Four Seasons looks a little shady, as does the area to the right of the Four Seasons. Newbury Street is a few blocks away. The only disappointment (other then the unintended wake-up call) came when the valet returned our car to us, and it had a coffee cup in it that was not ours. We leave for the St. Regis in New York tomorrow. It will be interesting to compare the Ritz, Four Seasons and St. Regis.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rabble
<Content>Best Hotel in Boston The Four Seasons in Boston is a wonderful hotel. I have stayed there a number of times and never been disappointed. First the location, the hotel overlooks the Public Gardens in Boston and is a short walk to the shops on Newbury Street or the theatre district. So if you are visiting Boston this is a great location, with virtually everything within walking distance (even Fenway Park is only a 20 minute walk). The hotel is what you expect of a 鈥渞elatively鈥?new Four Seasons. The front entrance can get a bit busy, so waiting for your car or waiting for the valet to take your car is not uncommon鈥ut it really isn鈥檛 an issue.They have a great lounge on the first floor where you can have dinner or a drink. The entire lounge overlooks the Public Gardens and is a great place to relax after an evening out. The more expensive and formal restaurant is Aujourd鈥檋ui, on the second floor. The food, service and menu are all excellent, but for the price you can probably do better elsewhere.My favorite part of the hotel is the indoor pool and health club on the 8th floor. The pool overlooks the Public Gardens, and you can relax by the pool on a Sunday morning with coffee and a newspaper all provided poolside. There is also a great whirlpool, sauna, steam room and complete workout facility. Every time we go to this hotel it seems we spend most of our time working out and relaxing poolside鈥ven in the winter.As for the rooms, during our last visit we stayed in one of the smaller suites overlooking the Public Garden. These suites have two rooms separated by French doors. I have read complaints, which are true, if you want to stay up late and watch TV or work in the living room, the French doors do not hide the light or the sound鈥o you will keep up who ever is trying to sleep. Nevertheless, the rooms have beautiful furniture, a very comfortable bed, large bay windows and two large plasma TVs. The only complaint I have is that the bathroom is next to the main door, would have preferred if it was adjacent to the bedroom. Regardless, we were very happy with the accommodations.There really isn鈥檛 anything negative to say about this property, each time I have stayed there I have been impressed with the staff and the quality of the accommodations. I highly recommend this hotel, it certainly is the best in Boston鈥?at least until the Mandarin Oriental opens up鈥?br/>  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SaratogaJon
<Content>Could not be any better Stayed at the Four Seasons during the past weekend. We opted to upgrade to a suite and we were given a really nice room overlooking the park. However, upon leaving the room at night for a walk, we noticed that the door was easily opened if you pushed on the door (no key required). We called down to the front desk, they apologized, and a bellman QUICKLY came up to the room to move our luggage to a new room. The new room was three times the size of our previous suite. Nice gesture to make up for the slight inconvenience of moving rooms.Excellant service, great location--walking distance to everything. Ask to use the courtesy car to take you around town---much nicer than a taxi. Room service prices were a bit high.....but since we arrived late, all the local restaurants were closed, so we did not have much of a choice.Overall, would certainly stay here again in the future.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BeingGreen
<Content>Overall they get an A! This trip was for a professional meeting and my room was paid for by a corporate sponsor. Upon arrival the taxi was greeted by two bellmen and assistance was offered for my small bag. I declined their help as it was a brief trip and the bag certainly not a problem for me. I went in and straight to the front desk where a very pleasant young woman greeted me.She told me my bill was paid in full and asked for a credit card for incidentals, then came from behind the counter and walked me to a point in the lobby where she could direct me to the elevators. I thought this was a nice gesture. It was after 11 p.m. and I was weary.When I arrived at my room on the third floor I found that the room was more like three rooms--there was an entry area with a closet holding slippers and ample hangers, a bathroom to the left with a tub/shower and L'Occitane toiletries, and then the spacious bedroom straight ahead. It had more of a suite or apartment feel than the standard hotel room. The only immediately noticeable feature was the small window.There were robes in the bathroom as well as a phone on the wall by the toilet and a large lighted magnifying mirror.The bedroom contained two comfortable club chairs with a small table, a desk with a chair, two bureaus, and two nightstands as well as a king-sized bed with padded headboard and a bench at the foot of the bed. There were multiple lamps and dimmer switches.There was a large flat screen television that swiveled so that it could be viewed from the bed or from the chairs. One bureau contained drawers as well as a well-stocked mini-bar. There was bottled water in the room and as far as I could tell there was no additional charge for drinking it. There were also multiple magazines, stationery, pens, pencils, and attractive notepads by the two telephones. There was an ethernet cable in the desk drawer and internet connectivity. There was a guide to the television stations available.There was no in-room coffeemaker and I would have dearly loved to have had one.The window above the desk was small and looked out on what appeared to be a rooftop area with green grass growing on it. There was some sky to be seen, but overall a rather unexciting view.Twenty-four hour room service is offered which I was happy to hear as it was approaching midnight. I ordered room service immediately upon arrival and the food arrived at the stated time and was hot. Everything I ordered arrived and there were fresh flowers on the linen covered table.There was a door tag in the room asking which newspaper I preferred and the next morning the paper was hanging in a burlap fabric bag on the handle of the door to my room. I also left a breakfast request there that night and the breakfast was as I ordererd it. The cream was left off of the service, but before I had noticed someone arrived at my door with an apology and a pitcher. The food was good, well presented, hot, and delivered precisely at the time I requested it delivered.I am very fond of room service when traveling and often the person taking the order is not familiar with the menu, but the staff here never hesitated when I gave my order and they were very specific in telling me when the meal would be delivered.I also did not know where the meeting I was to attend was to be held and when i called the desk to ask for assistance the person who took my call was very helpful.The following day it was raining when I had to go out of the hotel and the staff near the door offered me an umbrella which I gladly took and upon my return they were quick to take the wet umbrella from me and store it.I had one unpleasant experience here.I was part of a group and we were all in the hotel. Due to a communication problem we found ourselves without lunch reservations. We had thought that lunch was part of a tour we were taking of a nearby company, but realized that their invitation had been for dinner upon completion of the tour so we returned to the hotel hoping to eat and resume our meeting. There were eight of us and we asked to be seated in the hotel restaurant. We were given a table and our drink orders were taken immediately, but then we waited and waited and waited before our lunch orders were taken. I did not look at my watch but one of our members said that it was close to 40 minutes before we were asked for our meal choices. We assumed that perhaps it was because we did not have reservations as the young woman at the desk had seemed a bit perplexed when we arrived with so many for lunch without reservations.Some of our group was still finishing their meal when the same woman who we had first approached for seating came to our table and said that we needed to leave so she could seat a group who had a reservation and that we should not order dessert. It was quite awkward and oneof our members still had a good bit of her food yet to eat. Two of our group complained to the manager about the woman asking us to leave.The gentleman apologized for the rudeness of the young woman and offered us free desserts and drinks after dinner that evening or a free breakfast for the following day. I had to leave early and have no idea if anyone took them up on the offier, but this experience was in great contrast to all my other experiences at this property. For the most part the staff went out of the way to meet expectations of the guests. My only thought was that because we did not have reservations the young lady thought she would help us by getting us in and out, but did not convey the need for this to the waitstaff and somehow we were ignored or confused with the later group--I am just not sure, but she did not handle the situation well when she attempted to hurry us out to make the table available to the group coming behind us and it left a rather unpleasant feeling among us to be told to leave our meal this way.When we returned to the room where we were meeting the coffee and teas we had ordered for our meeting had been removed which was also annoying as we had hoped to have tea in the room to finish our meeting and instead there was nothing left. The coffee and tea service we had ordered up cost us more than eighty dollars and only two cups of coffee had been utilized from the service prior to our lunch--expensive cups of coffee!!!When I checked out there was a different clerk at the desk but she was efficient and pleasant and thanked me for my stay. All in all I would give the hotel a high rating. There are so many good restaurants in the area that I would probably not eat on-site on a return visit --but I would order room service. I found the charges of the meals to be extremely high. I have had food as good for probably about half of the cost here. The bunless burger served on a bed of greens was among the lowest cost items on the restaurant menu and it was $19--this for a ground sirloin patty topped with cheese and two slices of bacon over sliced tomatoes, and a variety of lettuce. The burger was no better than that found at Ruby Tuesdays or a similar chain. Others in our party reported similar findings from their orders--a caesar salad with chicken was $28, more than $30 with shrimp and more than $40 with lobster. Bread was served with the entrees, but there were additional costs for sides and drinks. The menu was not that exciting--two soup choices, several salads, sandwiches and burgers, and perhaps four or five entrees of chicken, fish, or beef.Based on the uneven reviews previously posted I was not sure what to expect from this trip. I think if I had been paying for the room I would have probably been more disappointed by the view and I have stayed in less expensive places with more luxurious bathrooms--separate showers and baths, etc. so I would have felt this was a poor value for the price paid. However, there was a lot of attention to detail--the hair dryer was stored in a fabric bag, the extra roll of toilet paper provided was in its own fabric covered pouch, free shoe shining offered, etc. And the best part was that the room was extremely quiet. I never heard another guests nor did I hear the removal of the room service items when i left the table outside my room and called for pick-up. It was a very quiet place.I was surprised to learn on this website that this is known as the best hotel in new England or the only 5-star hotel in New England as that does seem quite a stretch! No complaints that would prevent me from returning.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cgjb30
<Content>Seriously lacking This particular Four Seasons property was absolutely forgettable.From the moment we pulled up, the service was way below expectation....sitting in the car with the luggage for several minutes (no bellhop) and having to re-circle the property to get help with the bags, to the missed wake-up call, to waiting for 45 minutes for a coctail server to approach our table in the lounge...everything seemed to be a bit off.The saving grace of this hotel (aside from the great location)would be front desk/management team. They were overall very professional and super courteous.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	5	4	2	2	2	

<Author>Canadaraveller
<Content>Top Notch My wife and I just spent 4 nights at the Four Seasons Boston. It is a wonderful hotel in a perfect location to explore Boston. The rooms are spacious and the bed and duvet were very comfortable. The service was second to none.....if you can't be pleased here than you can't be pleased anywhere. Bravo.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>childrens1
<Content>Would have been disappointed... if we had paid for this trip ourselves. The two night stay at the Boston Four Seasons was part of a trip my husband was awarded by his company. After having had the opportunity in the past to stay at other 4 and 5 start hotels, we were both very excited to have the chance to try a Four Seasons. I had gone on line and priced a room and was surprised to see the cost at $750.00 per night. Perhaps based on that our expectations had been heightened.The location is great. We were warmly greeted and check in was quick and efficient. We were told that we had been upgraded to a room overlooking the Common on the 7th floor, which is the next to the top floor. The room was average size and had all the amenities one would expect in a hotel of this calibre, including a flat screened T.V. The bathroom was a bit larger than standard, but only had one sink and a tub/shower combination with a shower curtain that didn't do a particularly good job. The bed linens were very nice and the bed very comfortable. The towels had started to get a bit thin. We were there for just a few minutes when my husband stepped in some wet cherrios that must have been left from a previous guest. I later noticed some more of the cereal on the other side of the room. If you can avoid parking at the hotel you should...the charge is $39/nt. Also, I had breakfast in the room the first morning and it cost $35.00. I guess if you are able and willing to pay $750 a night for a room the parking and food costs won't faze you. The location and service were excellent, but neither of us felt the room was worth anywhere near $750. You're paying for the name when you stay here.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>4	2	2	5	2	4	5	-1	

<Author>jwb2
<Content>Very Over-rated We have stayed at many upscale hotels, both in the US and in Europe, and we were very disappointed with the Four Seasons. This is the first time that we stayed in a Four Seasons, previously staying more in the Ritz Carlton hotels, so we decided to give it a try. First, we had to wait for our room and we were not the only ones. It was not ready until an hour after check-in and then the original room that we requested was not offered to us. To compensate, they directed us to the lounge and invited us to have a complimentary drink. Initially, they had said something about upgrading us due to our wait but this never happened and unfortunately, we didn't push it. I had not been feeling well and all I really wanted to do was get into our room. The check-in process was definitely unpleasant. Also, there is no wow factor to this hotel. When you are spending upwards of $500.00 a night for a deluxe garden view room, I was expecting some kind of luxurious room. The linens on the bed were just OK, the bathroom is a tub/shower combination with a shower curtain (glass enclosures are much classier and less claustrophobic), there is only one sink in the bathroom and the room is not overly large. Also, one of the courtesy bathrobe's was dirty. There were spots on many of the chairs in the Bristol Lounge and on the chairs in the Lobby. This was unacceptable as far as we were concerned. We definitely feel that some major upgrading should be done in order to classify this as an upscale hotel.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	3	3	

<Author>tripindicular1
<Content>Excellent choice Excellent choice in Boston. Great location that is a few blocks from Copley Plaza, Newbury St. , etc. I expected more opulence in the lobby, but our suite was beautiful and perfectly maintained. Concierges and housekeeping went above and beyond at all times. There is a large and well-situated (view of Boston Common / Public Garden) gym and indoor pool. After our experience I would not consider staying anywhere else while in Boston.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>SirTeddy
<Content>great getaway My wife and I stayed at the Four Seasons for a four night stay in July as part of a conference I was attending. Since the company that hosted the conference booked many rooms at the hotel at that time, I was able to reserve a room for only $195 per night(very reasonable for a Four Seasons). The regular rate is extremely expensive especially if you stay during the week.The room we stayed in was quite large and tastefully furnished. We had a view of the street behind the hotel(unfortunately we could not get a room with a view of the Public Garden). All of the lights in the room had dimmers (nice touch). The bed was extremely comfortable. The big screen LCD TV was great and a pleasure to watch. The bathroom was very large and provided high end soaps and shampoos.There is twice daily maid service and the evening turn down service provides you with bottled water. There are many little things about the hotel that some might not notice but are very important to me when I stay at a hotel. The air conditioning system worked well and was very quiet. I have stayed at many hotels where each time the air conditioning goes on or off, it makes a lot of noise. You also do not hear what is going on in adjoining rooms or in the hallways.Instead of the traditional chocolate on your pillow before you sleep, the hotel offers free shoe shines. My wife and I both took advantage of this service. You are also given three choices of newspapers for the morning.The pool area was very nice and was located on a higher floor which provides a view of the city. Fruit and magazines were provided at no additional charge. The service throughout the hotel is excellent. All of the staff is very friendly and always ready to help. The property is kept in an immaculate state. We actually saw a housekeeper dusting the baseboard in the hallway on our floor late one night.The location of the hotel is fantastic. It faces the Boston Common and is within walking distance of almost anything you would want to see or visit.Like in most high end hotels in large American cities, parking is expensive (almost $40 per night). You are allowed however to take your car as many times as you want during the day without any additional charge.The morning we checked out, we decided to have the breakfast buffet at the Bristol lounge. Although the food and service was excellent, the price was $38 per person not including tax or gratuity.Overall, we enjoyed our stay very much and would like to return however I doubt that I would do so if I had to pay the regular rate.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>travelosopher
<Content>Boston Four Seasons is Overrated and Overpriced (long review) The hotel is rated as a 5 star, but we had more of a 4 star experience at 6 star prices. Obviously it is an above average hotel, but we paid well above average prices and it failed to meet our expectations. We travelled with our 5 year old daughter and paid about $1000 a night for a suite since we needed 2 separate areas. The decor and quality of finishes in the suite was excellent., however, it was also rather dark because it had absolutely no view to the outside (we overlooked an internal one story courtyard) . Further, it was located directly underneath the gym which is open 24 hours a day!, and worst of all for us, the room had french doors between the two rooms so that the light in the living room/sleeper bed pullout room would keep whomever was trying to sleep in the real bedroom awake if everyone was not asleep at the same time. My husband needed to take phone calls and work on his laptop quite late one night , but since there weren't proper doors between the two rooms (so that he could work without disturbing us while we slept in the formal bedroom) he actually ended up having to purchase another room for the night. Had there been proper doors or even some type of light blocking blind over the french windows, he could have done his work as planned in the living room area of the suite. If there had been internet access anywhere public in the hotel, he could have stayed up working there, but they had no access other than in the individual rooms. Of course, we could prevented this by staying in two adjoining rooms, but the hotel had assured us when we made our reservation that the suite was a better option. . . . so we ended up paying for a suite plus an extra room for one night.Additionally, the layout of the suite was less than stellar since it lacked some practical features that having 2 separate sleeping areas would require. There was no access to the bathroom except though the formal bedroom. The large useless entryway to the suite could have easily accomodated an additional door to the bathroom (so that a guest who was staying up working or sleeping in the other area could go to the bathroom without disturbing whomever was sleeping in the formal bedroom). Moreover, the hotel touts itself as child friendly and open to special requests, but we found that they could not even comply with a minor room service breakfast request -- we asked if they could make a smaller portion of a regular menu breakfast item -- whole grain pancakes -- for our child, but they said no and instead directed us to the chocolate chip pancake on the kids menu, which we declined to order. Additionally they do not even have the basic staple of most travelling kids -- pizza -- on the voluminous room service menu. They have a pita with tomato sauce and cheese, but any kid will tell you that that is not a real pizza. The staff was very friendly. In fact, often overly friendly in an ingratiating way -- it felt like we were being pursued for tips at every turn. When I tried to carry out my own small bag from the curb to the waiting limo, for example, there were 4 different people who tried to do it for me despite my protests. Too much service can be bad service. Especially if you are being forced to accept a service you don't want so that the provider can then expect a tip. It actually reminded me of when homeless people with squeegies run up to my car at red lights to wash my windshield without my permission and then demand payment. It stressed us out. Furthermore, the tipping is a bit confusing because there is an 18% gratuity automatically added in already to the room service bill, so you aren't sure which other services to your room might require tipping. I called housekeeping to ask for an extra pillow and realized after the fact that the individual who brought it was probably upset because I didn't hand him $5! In any event, at the prices they are charging for rooms and food, the hotel would do well to establish a no tipping policy. I would even rather pay a little more if I didn't have to reach into my wallet for small bills constantly. Finally, there is no transport from Logan airport to the hotel. We assumed there would be a driver or at least a shuttle available given the hotel's prices and 5 star rating. When we arrived we phoned the concierge who instead hired a limo company for us. It ended up costing $120 for the 4 mile trip. I guess we could have hopped into a cab, but most of them do not have the required children's safety seats. We booked our own limo back to Logan with Boston Coach -- the same ride was only $75.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	4	3	3	

<Author>M.Photog.
<Content>5 Star Four Seasons The Boston Four Seasons is the only AAA 5 Diamond, Mobile 5 Star Hotel in all of New England as well as being very highly rated by TL magazine and several other publications. Now that we have the opinions of the experts I'll have a go at it. My wife and I decided to visit Boston for 3 nights over the 4th of July. We selected the FS based on location, reviews and reputation.  Our room was a Deluxe Garden view room on the 5th floor overlooking the Public Garden. The room was well appointed and seemed to be recently renovated. I was told that the hotel recenty completed renovation of all their guest rooms. Some earlier reviews on this forum expressing concerns about the need of an update can now be put to rest. We found the Bristol Restraunt and Lounge to be excellent. Everything was well prepared and served. Request a table by the windows for a great view of the Public Garden across the Boylston Street. The complimentary Downtown car service is great and the driver was very helpful with local information. The Concierge Desk was well staffed with knowlegable and helpful people who seemed to take the busy holiday crowd in stride. The 2 young men in the pool/fitness area went beyond the call of duty keeping the area open late for guests to watch the Fireworks from the glassed in 8th floor vantage point. they even had a radio playing the Boston Pops performance that went with the fireworks.Lemonade, cookies and brownies were also provided. We had a great stay and would happily visit this hotel again. Their are a number of fine hotels in Boston but I believe the experts are correct and this one is just a bit above the rest. And I am a great fan of the Ritz Carlton chain. The housekeeping staff is very professional and keeps the hotel in imaculate condition The maintinance staff must be exceptional becuase everything works perfectly, not so much as a dead light bulb and we never saw a single maintinance person during our entire stay. How do they do that?  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mplKensingtonMD
<Content>Location, Location, Location Stayed at the Four Seasons Boston 2 nights in July. Great location across the street from Public Garden. Short walk to Newbury St, Back Bay/Charles River and most downtown attractions. Close to Green, Red an Orange Line T stations. Staff we found to be very polite and helpfull. Ask for a room on the eigth floor and you'll have easy access to wounderful pool and workout room. Hotel provides free town car service to guests anywhere within 2 mile radius. Food at the hotel we found to be outstanding. We will absolutly return.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Expecting more I was expecting a lot from the Four Seasons brand. In my opinion this hotel did not deliver on that. Room was on the small side. Bathroom was also small. However my main issue there was absolutely no wow factor about the place at all. The room was ok, comfy bed useful size desk but absolutely nothing blew me away like i was expecting it to. Had I set my sights too high? I dont know. The day before I'd stayed at Langams and the experience was a total joy. Perhaps this clouded my opinion of the place  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>phiphimomo
<Content>Overall a Four Seasons My husband took part at the 27th Auunal Scientific Sessions of Heart Rhythm and we stayed there with our 5 year old daughter. When we arrived at 8am after a 19 hour flight, we couldn't check in right away, however we were assigned to room around 10 am something. The room in gengeral was OK, so was the bathroom, though only with a bathtub. The location of the property is excellent, so was the concierge. The only negative point would probably be the housekeeping. When they asked whether we needed a child's size bathrobe and we said yes, it didn't appear at anytime. Maybe they just asked for fun and didn't mean it. Children's toiletries wasn't provided either as said on Four Seasons website. Overall we were satisfied with the recent stay, but the one in Lisbon would still be on the top of our Four Seaons list.  
<Date>May 28, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cyf
<Content>UNBELIEVEABLE ! I had the opportunity to stay at the 4 seasons for the Boston Marathon. It was my first time to Boston (where I had wanted to go since my early twenties, (48 now)!. I have to say the 4 seasons made this the best experience of my life. From the pickup at the airport to the drop off I was simply amazed! Everyone was so nice, Daniel the concierge helped me get a tour of the city prior to other relatives arriving and referred me to 5th Avenue Limo Service. Use them please, they are great! The driver was so knowledgeable and darn I cant remember his name! The service, the room, the ammenities were all above par. I have to admit the only thing i did not like was the darn curtain in the shower. seriously, all hotels that r 4 or 5 star even 3, need to have shower enclosures! the bedding was excellent, the executive suite overlooking boston gardens and boston common - oh my - the view and listening to the people out on the street was great. you can open a window from these rooms and feel the ambiance of the city. I will stay at the 4 seasons probably every time i return to boston!!! kudos to the hotel management!  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bellacruisa
<Content>Incredible stay at Four Seasons Boston We just returned from an incredible stay at the Four Seasons Boston. The location is above par: overlooking the spectacular Boston Public Garden; walking distance to the shops on Newbury St, the theater district, Boston's famous Freedom Trail; and close enough to walk/jog/run to the Charles River. Service is unparalled. We have stayed at many of Boston's better hotels: ie Boston Harbor Hotel, Sheraton, Marriott, Hyatt; but none of them, nor any other hotel we've stayed at in this country or in Europe, has the level of service you receive here. Since it was our 20th wedding anniversary, management graciously upgraded us to an executive suite, with a view of the Public Garden. Everyone at the hotel seemd to know it was our anniversary, and we kept hearing Happy Anniversary from everyone from the valet to the sommelier to the busboy. The hotel linens are soft to the touch, with a very comfortable bed and pillows. Lighting is all on dimmer switches. The marble bathroom has La Occitane products, hair dryer, etc. Rooms are VERY quiet. Elevators are located away from all rooms. The fitness room and pool area are much larger than what you'd expect in a city hotel. The staff there was very helpful, knowledgable and very friendly. One attendant offered cold face cloths, bottled water and robes to people in the hot tub. For free! The flowers that were ordered arrived fresh, on time, and the arrangement was much larger than what was expected. The massage therapist from the spa arrived on time, and was very knowledgable and just plain good! Dinner at Aujourd'hui was exquisite. Once again, management surprised us, this time with a bottle of champagne. Food was expertly prepared and beautifully presented. Wait service team is excellent: efficient, speedy, and unobtrusive. Our desserts arrived on plates which had Happy Anniversary written in chocoloate. On top of that, there was a cake, which we had not ordered, waiting for us in our room, again with anniversary wishes written on it. The Sunday Brunch Buffet is unbelievable: oysters, sushi, shrimp cocktail, eggs benedict, lobster, crab cakes, filet mignon, ham, egg custard with rare fiddleneck ferns, dim sum, blueberry waffles, lemon/poppy seed french toast, etc, etc etc. The Bristol Lounge is a fun place for drinks or light lunch. This hotel is very expensive, but you certainly get what you pay for. I would highly recommend it, and can't wait to return.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Up to Four Seasons Standards Just returned from a visit to Four Seasons Boston and the service was excellent. We arrived early in the AM from a red-eye flight and the terrific woman at the front desk (Eliva?)not only let us check in early but upgraded us to a newly renovated room. The doormen,bellman,concierge and staff at the health club all were first rate. Health club facilities were great, enjoyed the newly renovated steam room and sauna. Of course, as is typical of the Four Seasons the bed was sublime. We have stayed at this property in the past and never been disappointed. Last year due to some of the negative reviews about Four Seasons Boston we stayed at Beacon XV- what a mistake! The service at Beacon XV is truly awful, does not even compare.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not quite up to par My husband and I recently stayed at this hotel with our 21 month old son and found our stay a little disappointing. The view from our room of the public garden was fantastic, however, the view of the interior of our room wasn't so great. It looked drab and boring. There was no sense of luxury at all. The sheets were scratchy and the pillows too high to be comfortable. The bathroom reminded me more of a motel rather than a hotel. And the room service portions and prices were incompatible. Too little food for too high a price. The hotel definitely is in need of updating. We did use the babysitting service and were happy with the results. We had a competant sitter who was wonderful with our son. The location of the hotel is great. The service is good. But for $625 a night...we were expecting something a little nicer than what we got. All in all, the hotel really wasn't that memorable. I don't recommend staying at this particular Four Seasons.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Sandman35
<Content>I'll be back I had a fantastic stay at the Four Seasons Boston. The staff and service exceeded my expectations. The location is prime.....nearby shopping at Newbury St. At the hotel's doorstep are great running routes along the Charles River. Excellent workout facilities that include a nice pool. The Bar/lounge was a very hip place for drinks. The rooms are very spacious. The amenities in the room were fantastic. The Four Seasons Boston is a very elegant yet cool place to stay.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Leisureboy
<Content>Not quite Four Seasons fabulous   showReview(3839760, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mktozd
<Content>Service, Location, Style   showReview(3800311, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>July 4 at the Four Seasons   showReview(3643954, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tsoares
<Content>great location, great staff, but needs updating...   showReview(3417707, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>1Czech
<Content>FSHB has it all: food, service, location   showReview(3183486, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FloridaLaura
<Content>best in boston   showReview(2316755, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would not recommend anymore   showReview(2222049, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>africana
<Content>A great place to stay   showReview(2171958, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Four Seasons is still the best   showReview(1106670, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Four Seasons top notch!   showReview(857320, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

