<Author>SFShush
<Content>Great place for our anniversary I stayed here in early January as a staycation for my five year anniversary. My boyfriend and I booked it on hotwire for $140 including all taxes ($119 before taxes). It was listed as Union Square East, which is not really accurate since it's in SOMA, but it was still in an area that was nice enough. We live here so the homeless don't surprise us, but if you're coming from a non-urban area anywhere in SF is going to have that problem. If it had been located one block south or west it would not be in a good location, but it was right inside what we consider to be the border of the upscale area downtown.We got there early in the day and left our bags with the bellhop. I lost my ticket when we came back, but he was able to retrieve them with my driver's license, which was a relief. Everyone was so polite we were sort of taken aback. Check in took only a few minutes, and we explained why we were there when asked. We got booked into a queen size room on the 14th floor (1405 I belive). When we got to the room I was very disappointed with the size. It couldn't have fit a king size bed had someone put it in there. The bathroom was even more disappointing as it didn't have a bathtub and I really wanted to soak my feet after walking around all day. I went downstairs and asked if it would be possible to be moved to a room with a bathtub. His response was It's your anniversary, of course you can! which was a relief. We got moved to the 9th floor to a king size room. It was about twice the size and had a separate shower and bath. That changed it from a 2-3 star to a five star experience. We took advantage of the jacuzzi and swimming pool twice in less than 24 hours. Both were such great temperatures and the jacuzzi was big enough that even when an entire family came in there was plenty of room. The TV was huge and we almost rented a movie but decided against it. Most cost between 10-14 dollars, and include those that are in between theatre and DVD. Bed was a little soft for my taste, but my boyfriend loved it. The blankets were plush and wonderful. This was a perfect escape for one night, and if I could get this price again I would stay there in an instant.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tympan
<Content>A flawless stay       Room at the InterContinental San Francisco  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rozishops
<Content>Great City Getaway We saw this hotel's Staycation package advertised in the Sacramento Bee and decided to give it a try to celebrate our 45th wedding anniversary. When we checked in I commented that it was a special anniversary celebration and we were upgraded to an Executive King room--a wonderful corner room with two walls of floor to ceiling windows. Loved the city lights at night! The rooms are nicely appointed and very comfortable. The package included valet parking and a daily breakfast buffet for two. The buffet was far nicer than those at most venues--I greatly enjoyed lox and bagels every morning along with a bowl of fresh raspberries, blackberries and blue berries. What a winter treat. The staff was uniformly attentive. The location is quite convenient--very walkable to Union Square attractions, several museums, two multiplex movie theatres, restaurants, shopping, clubs, several live theatres. We trekked to Embarcadero Center--a nice walk. One could even come into the city on the rapid transit Bart train and walk from the Powell Street Station to the hotel. The cost for this package made it a major bargain. We've already recommened the hotel to friends and family.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cbcTraveler333
<Content>Loved the InterContinental Husband and I enjoyed our stay at the InterContental. We live in the Bay Area and stayed one evening to enjoy the City during the holiday season. When we arrived, service was superb -- greeted warmly by the doorman, check in person, bartender and everyone else we came into contact with -- all very professional and welcoming.We requested a corner room at check-in which was great with floor to ceiling windows. The room was well appointed (reasonable size for city standards) and had a plasma TV. The feel of the hotel is modern and clean. We found a great price at $129 for the night and would return. Thanks to other posters, we knew the valet parking charge was considerable and took public transportation which worked out great in the City 鈥?this is the way to go if you can. While we were there, we enjoyed dinner at Town Hall and played pool at Jillian's in the Metreon which are both within walking distance of the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>RoroToronto
<Content>Excellent accommodations My husband and I just returned from a little getaway to San Francisco. We normally would have tried to stay somewhere a little more centric, but couldn't resist staying at this brand-new hotel. It is beautiful, simple, elegant and comfortable. Nothing too snazzy, but sparkling clean and beautiful neat lines in the design. I cannot overemphasize how spotlessly clean it is, and how promptly the room gets made up daily. The fitness room is great, although my husband complained that it didn't have a pull-up bar. The restaurant and bar are gorgeous, but the food is, IMHO, quite bad. I don't care if food is overpriced if I am in for a satisfying gastronomic experience, but the food there was absolutely nothing special. There are many fabulous restaurants in the city, so give those a try. Also, when we consulted one of the concierges there for a good sushi place, he directed us to a really crappy downtown joint. He kept emphasizing how reasonable it was. I guess because we look young (we're in our 20s) he thought we would only want cheap. The place he sent us to was not good, and pretty unreasonable considering the quality! Overall, the staff at the hotel was curteous (although we didn't really need to interact with them for anything - we had no complaints!) and the hotel is a wonderful retreat after a busy day of shopping, going to museums and bustling about that great city! Oh yeah, the beds are WONDERFUL...the pillows not so much.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	1	

<Author>acehole007
<Content>Business Hotel lacks atmosphere and service Stayed here on business November 2008. Rooms were clean, facilities good and the bar staff friendly.Service was very poor especially for US standards. Rude check in staff and rude waitresses - probably because they were understaffed. - asked for more coffee - its not my first day was the reply. Several guests walked out at breakfast refusing to pay as there was no food and no plates!Being British we said nothing at the time but due to the rudeness we did inform the manager at checkout.I wouldn't go back and other hotels we visited with clients had much better levels of service. One to avoid although the hotel itself was OK the manager should be sacked.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	4	4	4	1	1	4	

<Author>ExtraPickles
<Content>Luxury in the heart of SoMa The InterContinental San Francisco was a luxurious way to end my trip to the Bay Area. The room was in good shape and modern in style. High end room amenities in the bed/living room included: a touch screen phone; Frette bathrobes; computerized minibar; flat screen TV; and an electronic do not disturb/clean room indicator. Room service offered a wide range of options for my breakfast. The room service operator and deliveryman were very professional.The Fitness Center had a decent amount of free weights and cardio machines. I especially liked the personal headsets and TVs that were featured with each treadmill.The temperature of the pool was delightfully warm. Goggles were provided for the underwater swims.In the Business Center, computer terminals had a home page that link to the major airlines' check-in/boarding pass systems. This, unlike other printing services in the center, was free of charge.The only thing I'd change about the hotel was the price of parking. $46+tax was rather steep, even with in/out privileges. Via Hotwire, the room cost less than $150. To get that many services and perks for that cost was a great treat.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CCRR
<Content>Above Average But Not Spectacular We stayed for two nights over the long Thanksgiving holiday weekend and chose the hotel primarily because of the favorable reviews on Tripadvisor.Check-in was quick and efficient. Our corner room was on one of the higher floors with floor to ceiling windows and the view was great. The room itself was comfortable with a large flat screen TV and working area.The bathroom had one hook, which made hanging wet towels or more than one thing (robe, travel accessories, etc.) impossible. The low flow showerhead was pretty wimpy. I've experienced better quality low flow showerheads at other hotels.The $14.95 charge for 24 hours of Internet access was exorbitant as well as the $50.00 for overnight parking at the hotel. Like others have commented, we parked in the structure behind the hotel for $30.00.There's a lot of shopping and restaurants nearby behind the hotel. I would recommend it if you're attending a convention. We got a decent, but not great rate by booking at the hotel web site, but I wouldn't rebook if it were a single penny more. There are too many hotels of the same caliber in San Francisco that offer better rates and location.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>SPD1611
<Content>Is it an hotel or an airport lounge? This must be the very edge of gentrification in SoMa. 5th Street after dark is getting a touch too much for European visitors - better to come in from 4th. The hotel claims to be almost brand new but several of the fixtures in the bedroom (14th floor) were starting to feel tired. If you like to spend your quality time with dressed down business men wearing conference badges from the convention centre next door then this is for you. The lobby and bar area must have been designed by the team that does Airline Invite Only lounges. Personally, I prefer the grace and charm of the Mark Hopkins up the hill. In IHG terms I reckon this is Crowne Plaza rather than Intercontinental.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>Reisefuedli
<Content>New Hotel Stayed at the New InterContinental San Francisco. Good location, next to Market Street. Everything is new, design very modern. Rooms are convenient, but lack charme. I preferred to stay at the InterContinental Mark Hopkins on Nob Hill, where I stayed last year.I guess it is great for convention visitors. Did not have a chance to test the restaurants. Staff is friendly.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	3	4	

<Author>InstantNoodles
<Content>Great if you can get a good rate Staying at the InterContinental San Francisco was a sharp departure from where I normally stay while vacationing in San Francisco. I have had the pleasure at staying at all three of Mobil-rated five-star hotels in San Francisco and wanted to try something different this time around. I gave the hotel five-stars in consideration of the how much I paid for the room and all the amenities I received. If I paid, say $300 or $400 for the room only, I would have gave the hotel three stars. I wanted to share some of my tips for staying at this particular hotel. For California residents, IC offers a 鈥淪taycation鈥?package which is inclusive of valet parking ($46 + tax per night), buffet breakfast for two including gratuities and taxes (otherwise, $25 per person) and a $10 credit to your guest folio. I HIGHLY recommend this package to California residents. You have to find the package on the hotel鈥檚 website under the 鈥淓xperience More鈥?tab and book from there. I was given a rate of $159 for a Standard room鈥攖his rate is the same as their 鈥淏est Available Rate鈥?which is normally reserved for the room only. Since this hotel is buried within the city, there are really no 鈥渧iews鈥?to speak of. There are only different vantage points depending on what floor you are staying on. I believe the hotel goes up to the 33rd floor? I recommend booking the room with the most appealing rate and asking for an upgrade at check-in (whether it is gratis or you pay a small 鈥渦pgrade鈥?fee). Keep in mind you need to add 14% accommodations tax (this is the 鈥渟ales tax鈥? to your room rate. This hotel has a club lounge and here are my thoughts about it. Generally when you book a room with Club Access (for two people), you will be on the 31-33rd floor and it will be about $100 more than a comparable room. If you want Club Access and want to save some money鈥hen you check-in (if the option is available) the supplement is $80 (for two people)- you save $20. The caveat is you could be on any one of the 33 floors of the hotel. The club lounge is open from 6:30 AM to 10:30 PM. Unless you鈥檙e staying on a corporate account, this option really does not seem worth it to me. Can two people really eat $80 worth of food? Each additional guest is $40. I would much rather pay $100 for club access if it were the Ritz-Carlton (this option is available at the Ritz San Francisco). Club access affords you food presentations throughout the day, internet access WITHIN the club lounge, and various reading materials and possibly garment pressing (not sure). Other reviewers have mentioned the amenities in the room so I will forgo my usual review and give a synopsis of little quirky things about the hotel. Check-in is at 3 o clock PM and check-out is Noon. Your room is fully equipped with an automated mini-bar (similar to Las Vegas) and it will charge you when you remove something almost instantly (even if you put it back). A Snickers bar costs $6.50. A small coke costs $4.00. When you order room service, you are automatically accessed a $3 delivery surcharge, 18% gratuity, and local sales tax (8.5%). The hotel offers a complimentary shoe shine. Housekeeping did not turn down the room (so no bottled water available although Evian is available for $8). Make sure you make a reservation for breakfast if you receive a breakfast coupon as there was a wait at 9 in the morning. Although that time is generally when people eat breakfast anyways, I normally never have to make reservations because a table is usually available. I tried to check-in at 8 in the morning but no room was available. When I came back at 12, the helpful front desk agent was able to put me in a room then. I did not look at the fitness or pool facilities so I have no comment. When I was checking-out I tried to contact the Bell Desk to have someone help take my luggage downstairs to no success. Each time, the line was busy. My car was brought up in 5 minutes. Overall, if I gauged what I paid for the room and the amenities I received, it was a GREAT DEAL. If I could procure the same rate again, I would definitely jump at the chance. I would not pay more than $250 for the Standard room I stayed in.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Irishgirl_286
<Content>Excellent Hotel       Hotel Room  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hossein5
<Content>Modern sleek new intercontinental San Francisco This is a beautiful brand new hotel very close to the convention center. The staff were very courteous, the rooms totally modern and excellent. Did not have the gloomy dark looks or tight quarters of some other modern hotels. If you have business around the SF convention center, this is the number one choice hands down.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thebeerhunter
<Content>Impressive new ICH in San Francisco       toilet  bath  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AEbunny
<Content>Can't Wait to Go Back! Earlier this year I stayed at the InterContinental for my birthday. The hotel was only a month old and is only a few blocks away from my work so I'd seen the building during it's entire construction process. On the outside it looks very hip and modern. On the inside, it's just as cool and hip. The hotel is beautiful and many aspects of it are top notch. As a San Francisco resident, I like to stay at hotels in the city for leisure and to spend just the two of us time with my boyfriend. I must say that this is hands down one of my favorite hotels in San Francisco. It has a completely different angle of luxury than other high end hotel establishments in the city; it's very laid back, welcoming, friendly and not pretentious. I booked 2 rooms for me and my friends to stay and hang out in for the birthday occasion: one deluxe king room and one double room. Both rooms had luxurious amenities. The beds were very comfortable with great sheets and down comforters. The room had a 42 LCD TV with all HD Channels. The bathroom robes were Frette and the mirrors were anti-fog. It's nice to be able to take a shower and not have to aerate the room to finish getting ready for the night! The staff here is very friendly and really tries to make sure their customers are happy. The location of the hotel is perfect. You're still in a good area of downtown San Francisco yet away from all the craziness of Union Square (but only 2 blocks away from main shopping areas). It's a great option for visitors who want an alternative to Union Square hotels. I always feel that Union Square hotels are expensive for what they offer so if you're looking for a beautiful larger room for the same price, this is the place for you.There are 2 things that you should be aware of when you stay here. Overnight parking at the hotel is a bit steep. It's about $47.00 a night per car. The valet people here are nice and you get in and out privileges. Also the mini-bars are motion censored for each item. I do not advise that you take any contents out so you can make room to put something in of your own (my friends staying in the double room did this). The second you take the item out it'll get charged to your room, even if you put the item back right away. The process to get the charges reversed and funds back into my account is kind of a pain so hopefully you all won't make this mistake as well.I'll actually staying at the InterContinental again this weekend and I can honestly say that I'm looking forward to it! :)  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Pino_Spetzberg
<Content>Excellent Stay ( ...some value quibbles ). Stayed here October 08. Door staff very welcoming and friendly, booked into room very efficiently, all staff we met during our stay were very nice. On entering the room first thing you notice is the superb floor to ceiling windows with lovely view across the bay. Great !No housekeeping issues, the room was spotlessly clean, as was the whole hotel. One evening we were warned to avoid a spilled drink on entering the elevator, by the time we had dumped our shopping in the room and returned to the lobby - it had been cleaned up. The bathrooms have no tub on 28th floor, I believe only the top three floors have tubs - other rooms are just showers. Like many newer hotels the bathroom doors slid closed but did not lock - could be annoying. The flatscreen tv had excellent reception, unlike some other hotels we visited on our trip. The in-room safe was very shallow, unable to store cameras unless very compact size.Hotel location turned out much better for us than we expected. Bloomingdales is just one block away, with the Market Street cable cars also handy. Union Square is a close walk, and as we were walking around the city it felt a better area around the hotel than around Union Square actually. The huge Westfield shopping mall is within the block so the usual food court options are available whilst open.Directly across the road from the hotel is The Chieftain Irish Bar, which had a good choice of local brews, really tasty fish and chips and burgers - and of course, draught Guinness. The staff in here were very friendly also.A few quibbles. The hotel valet parking is $52.44, fair enough for those requiring valet, if expensive. No mention is made that a huge self-park garage is directly behind the hotel @ $30. Hotel website could refer to nearby self-park option.The Visit Luce insert offering a complimentary glass of wine for every entree dish ordered during dinner. Whoopee-do ! Sofitel does this much better offering a complimentary glass of wine or beer at the hotel bar/restaurant - even without ordering food. Often we go on to order more drinks and/or food at a Sofitel after the free drinks - the offer at Luce - we didn't bother. Actually, the Luce bar itself is rather like an airport departure lounge, sited awkwardly opposite the elevators. Not very enticing, but again the staff were great.Final quibble, the bottled water, Evian if I recall, available to guests @ $8 per bottle. We bought some at a nearby deli exactly the same @ $1.20 per bottle. Nobody appreciates being hosed.Our previous night at a Hampton Inn @ $79 rate had two complimentary bottles of water in room. We paid $250 at the Intercontinental.Previously in SF we stayed at Fisherman's Wharf or Union Square, without doubt we preferred staying in SoMa area and will do so in future. To sum up, for us this hotel was an excellent choice, the view of the sunrise across the bay, the cleanliness, location and friendly staff, mean we will definitely stay here next time in SF.Thank you Intercontinental San Francisco !  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>drewdallas
<Content>Truly a wonderful Hotel My partner and I came to this hotel for our marriage ceremony and were comepletely suprised at how beautiful the hotel was. Everything in our room was perfect. The staff, the pool, everything.Thank you Intercontinental!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>1serioustripcritic
<Content>Disapointing.... This was the sencond time that I stayed at the hotel and I was very disapointed. It went from 4 1/2 Star (at theri opeining back in March 2008) to 3 star. Go with other 4 star hotels. You save $$ and extra 10 minutes walk to Union Sq.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	3	2	1	

<Author>minnie_n
<Content>Overall fantastic The service was fantastic, the room was comfortable and modern. Fantastic view, nice bed, flat screen tv, large spacious bathroom, etc. It was both tasteful and modern without trying too hard. Staff were attentive and friendly. The location is close to the Moscone Center in SOMA, an area that keeps pushing the gentrification boundaries farther and farther (and this is a big symbol of that). This is the place to stay on business, not on a romantic trip (because there are better locations for that). This is one of those hotels that likes to charge for services a la carte, so be prepared for that.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>slecombre
<Content>Good value for the price       bathroom to the room  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	2	3	4	

<Author>CO-TriGirl
<Content>Anticipate delays/problems - overall and ok experience. LONG STORY SHORT - stay here if you know EXACTLY what you want to do and do not rely on hotel staff for ANYTHING!We arrived in SFO around noon - and thought we would try and check in. It was no suprise that our room was not available. We didn't expect our rooms to be available but thought we might try anyway. We checked our bags in with the bellman - who was exceptionally accomodating and offered discounts to the spa and adjacent shopping areas. We were in town for the Nike Women's Marathon and had asked for directions to Union Square. We were suprised by the close proximaty of all of the shops and restaurants in between! Returned around 3:30pm to check back into our hotel when the front desk notified us that the room was not available. No solution or appology was offered for this inconvenience. I had asked if they had an executive lounge and had requested to have access until our room was available. They did make this accomodation and the IC club was appropriately staffed and had nice amenities. We received our room key approximately 45 minutes later and proceeded to our room. We were mortified that the room was occupied by another guest at the hotel. Luckily for both parties, everyone was fully dressed (I actually read this happening to another tripadvisor reviewer). We returned to the executive lounge and discussed our situation. They appologized and we incurred a half hour delay with the next room assignment. The new room was nice and clean - beds were comfortable. The staff sent a fruit plate with an appology .Once in the room, we called to have our bags delivered to the room. After waiting an hour, we went to the lobby to aquire them ourselves. There was no appology or assistance and were rudely handed our bags. Here is some info on the rest of the property:POOL/HOT TUB/WORK OUT AREA - the pool is a lap pool only - and is nice and clean. The hot tub had an over abundance of chlorine which made our eyes water. We notified the management but was in the same condition the following day.SPA - just ok. We have been in lavish spas...and this is definately the lower end of the scale. Typically there is a great place to hang and relax with the girls prior to and after the treatment - well - don't expect to do this at the spa. There is no separate hot tub area either. We were directed to the pool area when I asked. The shower/make-up area can only accomodate two people and I had difficulties keeping the water warm in the shower. There were three of us who booked 50 minute deep tissue massages - and we all agreed that the treatments were mediocre at best. Definately not worth the price.CONCIERGE - don't waste your time with him. He is useless. Dinner Recommendations: We called for a recommendation for seafood and reservations and we were directed to a dive. Waste of a cab fare and our time. Even the Cabbie was concerned when we arrived at the restaurant. So the Cabbie had much better recommendations for fantastic seafood! Alcatraz Tour: We had called the concierge twice about the alcatraz tour and he noted it was sold out both days. We decided to chance it the second day (at the advice of a local) and show up at the dock and got in without a hitch. Once again - he was useless. So, for those future travelers out there - if the trip is all booked up - they do take standbys and can typically accomodate all who show up.We recognized that dealing with the concierge was an exercise in futility and no longer entrusted in him for the remainder of the stay.WHAT THEY DON'T TELL YOU:Stay away from 5th Street at night. It is a know area where drug deals frequently occur. We wondered down Fulsom Street for some GREAT food (definately try Basil) and heard about the drug dealers from the locals. Even our Cabbie wouldn't drive down 5th Street. Fulsom Street is a little sketchy - but there were a few diamonds in the rough that were worth dinning at. Just make sure you take a cab both ways. Also, if you are into the night club scene...check out Butter. OMG was it fun!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	2	3	1	1	3	

<Author>DfromOC
<Content>Great View! Just got back from the last two night of our honeymoon spent at the IC. First the bad (or the not-as-good if you have a glass-full outlook on life):-Parking is like $48/night. I realize this is San Francisco we're talking about, but $48? Really? Is that necessary? It's more punitive than anything. The valet was pretty slow too.-Location is sort of blah. The SoMa thing is improving but it's still a hike to anywhere other than the Moscone center. We walked it numerous times but the neighborhood is just sort of blah until you get to Market or toward the ferry building. -Breakfast. This was our fault. We were sort of in a rush and we stopped in for breakfast on our way out of town. The buffet was out for $25 including coffee/juice, but we felt that was a little excessive. Instead we opted for off the menu choices. They were okay but were still pretty darn expensive. If I had a do over I would have done the buffet but more likely I would have grabbed a couple of Egg McMuffins instead. There's just no other place to eat within a several block radius unfortunately.Now the good:-The place is sparkly and still seems very new. Everything is very clean.-Being that it was our honeymoon, we splurged a little on one of the exec corner rooms. The view was awesome. We had the sun setting right behing city hall from our room. We didn't face the bay but our view of downtown was gorgeous. The room itself was really big. The bed was incredibly comfortable. I slept the best I have in a very long time. The bathroom was big too and I just love the floor to ceiling windown right next to the toilet. There's nothing quite like sitting next to a floor-to-ceiling window 26 floors up. The flat screen TV is huge and a nice touch as well. -Overall, the good outweighed the bad to be honest even if it doesn't seem that way from above. One should never eat in a hotel restaurant, that was our fault. We were roadtripping, so parking was kind of our fault too. A side note: I went to the business center to catch up on my email. Spent 10 bucks for 20 minutes of service, expensive, but certainly not unheard of. Some woman walked in in a bad mood. She sat down to one of the terminals. She asked about the fee to print. She was annoyed and said she just wanted to print a boarding pass. It turns out this is free if you click that option before paying the 10 bucks. Even though I wasn't doing this, I had seen the option. It was totally obvious. She proceeded to basically rip into the poor girl working the place who explained to her she wasn't able to give her the 10 bucks back. I'm sure a manager could easily fix this for her. But she then went off on the service in the restaurant and how she would never stay there again since she has stayed at so many high-end hotels. First of all, I don't care how good the restaurant is supposed to be, if you come to San Francisco and eat in the hotel restaurant...you're just not very smart. Sorry, I don't know how else to put it. Secondly, people who get condescending and choose to take it out on people they perceive as lower than them have a special place waiting for them someday. Sorry, I needed to vent.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>dan99monty
<Content>Nice New Hotel, But ... The new Intercontinental SF Hotel is a beautiful hotel and a welcome addition to San Francisco where there are a lot of hotels, but not that many really nice, new clean ones. Sure, you have the 4 seasons, the Campton Place and a very few others, but for the most part, most hotels in SF are old and dated. I'm sorry to say this, but it's true. The Intercontinental is south of Market and Mission, so it's a little bit of a walk to anything other than the Convention Center. If you're in SF for a Convention, the Inter is by far the best. If you want to shop or do business you'll probably have to taxi to where-ever you're going, which is a shame. The parking arrangement at the hotel is very convenient, one of the best in SF. The problem is it's VERY expensive ($48/night). The other problem deals with the front desk. If you don't care what kind of room you have, disregard this comment. But if you do care, and for example, want a king bed instead of a double, or a nice City view or a higher level room or whatever, be prepared to do battle. Depending on who you get, you'll either be told the hotel is sold out and you have no options. That's always my favorite. Or, it'll cost you $100 more for whatever it is you want. If you get this one, they'll barter with you. Hold out for $30. That seems to work best. Or you may have to ask for a manager. In any case, they have no easy quick way to find the different types of rooms available. Or if they do, nobody seems to know how to do it. And then most of the time, they'll act like they really don't want to help you. As long as you go along with their program, everything is fine. Once you get past the front desk, the hotel is really nice. There are separate showers and flat screen TVs in every room. Many rooms have incredible views. They also have corner rooms which I haven't tried but which look pretty nice. The food in room service is also extremely good, as is the service. Like almost all hotels now, you have to pay for WiFi. Whatever happened to free WiFi ...? The rates at the hotel seems to vary greatly. The online rates appear significantly lower than the regular room rate, though the hotel is new. Besides the 4 seasons, I think it's the nicest hotel in town now. But I tend to prefer new hotels where everything works great.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	1	5	5	

<Author>BIZZYBEENewYork
<Content>Nice building - bad service! Stayed here for my honeymoon for 7 nights. Bad or non-existent housekeeping for everyday that we stayed. They pick up the phone after many rings on most occasions. They persistently apoiogize for the bad service but were of no help in actually FIXNG the problems. The building is beautiiful and new and the room was huge with great views from a high floor. Weird things abou the place, its a luxury hotel with a high price tag, yet no employee ever opens the front door or says hello or welcome back when you come in, even though they are standing right there! The housekeeping was the biggest problem during the stay, they are untrained and completely unsupervised. In a city like San Francisco with a million high end hotels stacked on top of each other, pick a different one than this!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>Strathallan
<Content>Truly Impressive Everything you would expect from a new purpose-built city-centre hotel operating under the InterContinental brand. An impressive property, with deluxe accommodation. Stylish, contemporary, and well-equipped bedrooms, with well-designed lighting and modern bathrooms. Hotel locations in San Francisco can be hit and miss - this is certainly better than some, with Powell Street BART station and cable car terminus just a couple of blocks away. Good breakfast service in the ground-floor restaurant.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Oahu3
<Content>Fantastic I am totally happy with my descision to stay at this hotel. It truly could not have been any better. The service, overall, was through and unobtrusive, the front desk staff was quick and efficent, the room was great, and the bar and cocktails were top notch. What truly set this property above others was the excellent Concierge staff. Will was without peer. I would not hesitate to stay here again and I plan on doing so.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>itsthursdaynext
<Content>Great Location We recently stayed at the Intercontinental Hotel for 4 nights. It was a great location for shopping the Union Square/Market area and was a few blocks from the trolley. I would request a high floor as there is some street noise, although the lowest floor with rooms on it is still 7 floors up. The valet service is expensive if you have a car, we decided to leave our car in the huge self parking garage directly behind the hotel. This saved us maybe $30 a night and is a good option if you will be mostly walking or using the trolley. If you will be in and out alot with your car, use the valet. The rooms were large and comfortable, I would say for what you're paying the cleaning staff could have been a little more detail oriented. There was something sticky at the bottom of the mini bar, no battery in the scale in the bathroom, a crumpled tourist map under the night stand, and the last guest's room key on the ice bucket tray. I left a note, and it was promptly taken care of, but come on.Bottom Line: Great Location, comfy bed, but nothing that wins my loyalty when staying in SF  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NickAgo
<Content>Stay somewhere else. The hotel is just ok. Not a fabulous 5 star or whatever property that they claim. The front desk waited until the line was 9 people long before calling another agent out to help with check in. The furniture was fine but uninspired, the pool was small, AND WE FOUND SOMEONE ELSE'S SOCKS IN OUR DRAWER WHEN WE UNPACKED!!!!The wireless internet costs ~$35/three days. And then it didn't work the next day. We had to call every single day to get it to work. ALSO, you have to pay 2x for two computers to connect. Idiotic! Of course I did complain and they did negate the charges, but still it's extremely irritating.On top of that, the concierge and the front desk staff had really bad attitudes. You always felt like you were inconviencing them and they were quite curt/brusque.I would rather stay elsewhere as there are many good hotels in San Francisco, and some very good ones close by. P.S. We were also charge for the stupid bottle of water on the counter which we certainly didn't drink.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	2	2	2	1	

<Author>11thchild
<Content>amazing windows and great location I called the hotel directly on the day of the stay (a Saturday night). My in laws live across the Bay and we left our daughter with them so that my husband and I could celebrate my birthday in the city. When we arrived at the front desk I was told that we were upgraded. We had an amazing view corner room on the 22nd floor. Everything was sparkling clean and new. The bed was very comfy and the location was great...just a short walk to Union Square. They gave us a 2pm check out for the next day. We had breakfast in the very quiet restaurant. It was good--not spectacular. They have a very tiny lap pool that was filled with an overabudance of children so we did not use the pool. The room also had nice, plush robes. The valet people were very friendly and helpful. A lot of the rooms in SF are funky and small but this was very nice and modern with bigger rooms. For my husband and myself it was a great room just to hang out in and enjoy each others company without our daughter. We were not really sight seeing tourists as much as just wanting a relaxing get away.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>rborjes
<Content>Great location friendly service! Great location! only four blocks from Union Square. walking distance to SFMOMA. Bed was awesome. Very close to shopong center. excellent restaurant just a block away, Chez Papa, highly recommended. would definetely stay again.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>heres_trouble
<Content>Nice hotel We stayed at this hotel for the last 5 nights of our honeymoon. Our rate was $279 plus tax. On arrival we were upgraded to a King Exec room on the 10th Floor.Very clean room, comfortable beds. We used room service - good food and prompt service. Unlike an earlier contributor we did have a bath in our bathroom.Didn't use concierge so can't comment on that service, front desk were very helpful on arrival.Very business orientated so if staying on business doubt you'd have any complaints.Good location, good service however compared to other hotels on our trip I don't feel this hotel presented good value for money when staying for leisure.Only complaints were the noise at this hotel (waking regularly to the sound of the fire engines passing by the hotel throughout the night) and the $1.50 charge to use the phone, we were not charged for using international dialing cards at the other hotels we stayed at on our honeymoon so this was a bit of a surprise especially one morning when we experienced problems so dialled out several times in order to gain connection only to be charged about $12 by the hotel for this pleasure :-/ Small things but slightly annoying.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>STSAVER
<Content>Very nice hotel       Bathroom (view Union Square viewable from the Toilet seat!)  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>barnacle08
<Content>Great Hotel This is a relatively new hotel located in the SOMA area of downtown.The rooms and lobby were fabulous and fully up to Intercontinental expectations.The staff for the most part were very friendly, courtious and helpful especially Roberto who took our bags to the room and was a true ambassador for the hotel.We had a few mistakes on our bill but these were taken care of efficiently and without fuss. On arrival we were also informed that we had been given an upgrade to our room, when we got to our room there was someone elses stuff in there (potentially embarrassing situation). We headed back to reception and were promptly bumped back down to our original room!! Good job on squashing my momentary high guys!!!Would I stay there again, absolutely!!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>WB3
<Content>Sweeping city views This is a great new hotel in San Francisco close to the Convention Centre and the main shopping area.I had the luxury of staying in one of the well appointed junior suites. These are located on the corners of the building so the room has huge floor to ceiling windows on two sides (also extending into the bathroom).The room was huge, complete with iPod docking station, huge flat screen TV and a massive bathroom with a walk-in double shower at one end.All the staff were courteous, especially the cheerful spa staff and my three night stay was very pleasant.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mfost
<Content>Amazing Hotel!! This was an amazing hotel! We booked through expedia and got a very reasonable rate (somewhere around 150 per night). We arrived around 11am and our room was ready, which was an unexpected surprise. The rooms were small but comfortable, and had wicked flat screen tv's, ipod alarm clock decks, and beautiful stall showers with great water pressure! Best of all, the beds were rediculously comfortable! The hotel was in a great location - within walking distance to Union Square, movie theatres, and great shopping. I should also note that there was a great restaurant called Bucca right across the street. The gnocci was out of this world!The concierge was particularly helpful! We wanted to eat at cheesecake factory but heard that there tends to be a 1 to 1.5 hour wait during dinner hours. We had our concierge call (eventhough they dont' take reservations), and we waited no more than 2 minutes. Brilliant! This was an incredible hotel and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it for one second!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>markobmf
<Content>Highly recommended, not without faults though This is a brand new hotel with all modern amenities. The offerings were comprehensive and at a 4-4.5 star level. We booked a superior room and were upgraded to a deluxe room on the 9th floor with no view but were given the option to wait for a room on a higher floor which we declined.The room was huge and the bathroom had full window frontage which is rare in hotels. This made the bathroom deluxe in my opinion and the stand up shower was fine and preferred to old fashioned tubs. Bed was pillow top but on the firm side. Linens were nice. There was a huge LCD tv as well. Overall, the room was extremely comfortable and tastefully decorated.The service was excellent as well, I called down a few minutes prior to check out to have boarding passes printed and they were waiting for me when I checked out. I recall a similar experience at a Westin in NY when I was directed to the business center for a 20 minute ordeal, most of which was the staff member trying to get the hotel computer billing system to work so they could add the $4 to my bill.A big negative was that the room was adjacent to the ice machine room and stairwell (room 902). Though not often, a loud crashing noise came from the ice machine as it filled buckets. The stairwell was used aggressively, why I don't know, at around 3am each night of my stay. It was situated directly behind the headboard and the noise reverberated throughout the room and of course woke each of us up. I suspect it was a staff member checking for breakfast order cards in a manner as efficient as possible for him or her, but I'm not sure. If you wish not to be woken, ask for a room that is not adjacent to these service areas as there are two like this on each floor. This is the only reason why I didn't go five stars all the way because the hotel was truly worthy in other respects.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Saraheartburn
<Content>Loved this hotel!       Hallway  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Saysum
<Content>Nice Location, Nice rooms, would recommend... I booked this hotel through the website ($189 per night) for a weekend getaway. I had read the reviews and new about the great location. Price: This was one of the best deals that I had found for this weekend. I have seen it as high as $300 per night. I am not sure if I would ever pay that much.Location: Great! We arrived via the BART and got off at Powell St. It was about 2 blocks away and was an easy walk to the hotel. You are 2-3 blocks from Union Square. Lots of restaurants within walking distance. Lots of shopping as well. You are within 1-2 blocks from the Moscone center.Registration: There was no line. However, they got the price wrong. Right before signing, I noticed that they listed the price as $249 per night. I mentioned that I had received a confirmation for the price of $189 (I forgot to print out the confirmation email). They said that I would need to prove it to them. I asked to use their lobby computer and printed out the letter. They finally relented. This was the only problem that I had with the hotel. My friends had a similar issue in that they did not get the promo package that they thought they had signed up for.Hotel/Room: Very nicely decorated throughout. Looks very new. The hotel appears to be set up nicely for business travelors. The room is nice with comfy beds, LCD TV, Coffee maker, and mini bar. The bothroom only had a shower but I didn't mind. The size of the room was adequate. I utilized the pool for one morning. However, it was small and couldn't hold more than 5 people swimming laps. I also loved the free coffee bar set up in the lobby everymorning.All in all, we had a great time at this hotel. We love the location and would probably return.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	4	4	

<Author>Traveldad65
<Content>Great people, good design, missing some little things My Wife and I were celebrating our 20th anniversary in San Francisco after 4 days biking around Sonoma County.Initial impressions weren't good - my wife had booked the reservation but had used my priority club member number - the front desk wouldn't let her check in until I returned from renting the car.When I arrived from across the street, the front desk attendant was pleasant, when I told him why we were in San Francisco he smiled and said he was upgrading us from a queen delux to a king delux. When we got to the room we found that it was tucked in between the ice machine and the stairwell.The rooms are gorgeous. Our room was spacious with beautiful design and very comfortable bedding and climate controlsThe rooms are not well sound insulated. Even on the 16th floor, delivery trucks could be clearly heard through the curtain wall. We were woken up at 5:50 AM each morning by the paper boy running up the stairwell to deliver the morning newspapers. On check-out when we complained, the front desk attendant told us she was surprized because people usually just complain about the ice machine in that room. The people in the hotel are pleasant and helpful. The concierge was great - answering all our questions about getting around town. When we were ready for check out he printed our boarding passes and arranged shuttle transport. Good but expected in a hotel in this price range.Everything in the hotel is very expensive - Internet is 15.00 per day. Breakfast is 27.00. Room service is assessed an 18 percent gratuity and a 3.00 room service charge.The location is at the east edge of the financial district - kitty corner from the Yerba Buena gardens and two blocks from the streetcar turn-around at Powell and Market. Just South of the Hotel and you run into the tenderloin district (not a place for the kids)  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	5	2	3	2	

<Author>calgurl855
<Content>Loved It       Huge TV  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>tearose
<Content>A Comparison of two very good S.F. hotels My wife and I recently had the opportunity to stay in two very good downtown San Francisco hotels -- the InterContinental, and the Westin Market Street. I can recommend both hotels wholeheartedly.However, my personal favorite (by just a few points) is the InterContinental. For others, the balance might tip the other way.Both are modern hotels, about 33-34 floors in height. The Westin Market Street has the advantage of a location that is slightly closer to Union Square, the symbolic center of San Francisco, and is right in the heart of a busy downtown area, almost adjacent to the new Four Seasons Hotel on Market Street and the St. Regis hotel on Third Street. (The I.C. is about one l.o.n.g block, or 3 short blocks, farther from the center, but is still close.) The Westin also has a very attractive indoor-outdoor restaurant on the quiet back side of the hotel.Rooms at both hotels were similar in size. The room at the Westin was fine--no complaints at all--but the room at the I.C. was somehow just a bit more stylish, and the bathroom was definitely larger and more attractive. We could only get a 9th floor room at the Westin, on the back side, but, to our surprise, the view was great! Wonderful open grassy spaces around the Moscone (Convention) Center, as well as other public parks and squares. (On the front side of the Westin, you probably need to be higher to have a really good view.)At the I.C., virtually all rooms above the 6th floor will have a good view, since the hotel is just a bit south of the high-rise downtown area. Our room, on the 24th floor, had a great view of the San Francisco Bay (and other sights), while my sister's room, on the 25th floor, had an equally great view the other way of the downtown highrises. The sixth floor at the I.C. has a very good lap pool, and a large weight/exercise room with good natural light. The I.C. also has a rather attractive restaurant on the ground (lobby) floor, with high ceilings. It was not very busy the night we were there, although the bar area was jammed and hopping.The concierge gave us advice and directions on restaurants close to the I.C., and we were satisfied with his advice. However, San Francisco has such a great number of good restaurants that one really needs to pin down the kind you want before asking advice, since the list of good restaurants is almost endless.In conclusion, we preferred the I.C. to the Westin Market Street by just a bit, becuase the room was just a bit sharper, the bath a bit bigger, the view a bit better. However, the Westin is a fine hotel, and most people will probably find its location to be just a bit better. I've stayed in a number of San Francisco's better hotels and can recommend most, but either of these, if obtained at a reasonable price, will definitely please most travelers.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>glumball
<Content>Smart new room but where was the bathtub? Several days before our stay the Concierge at this hotel contacted us by email to see if we needed any help/information for our stay. It was therefore with a positive impression we arrived for our three night stay.We were ushered to our room by a helpful bellman who just would not stop being helpful - it was 11:00 pm and I just wanted to order some room service, take a bath and get out of my travelling clothes. When he showed me the bathroom I gasped but where is the bathtub?. He replied that I needed to book a better room to get a tub. I have never stayed in a hotel room of this quality that did not have a tub and, as a fan of the big soak, was bitterly disappointed.Otherwise our room was well appointed with a comfy kingsize bed and a large flatscreen TV. There was ample room to stow our four suitcases. We appreciated the bathroom scales - as we were able to balance the load in our bags for our flight home.The hotel is located only a couple of blocks from Market Street but I would not like to traverse this route without my husband as there were a number of questionable characters along the route each time we went out.I was disappointed to find that internet access attracted an extra fee - why can lesser establishments offer this as complimentary?The lack of a casual eating area away from the bar that was full of noisy convention attendees was disappointing. We elected to eat in the main restaurant. As we had been travelling for a month we were not interested in fancy, gourmet food with clever combinations of conflicting ingredients but in nicely presented, well cooked, fresh food from simple ingredients. The fancy menu was therefore most disappointing. We decided to leave and explained our needs to the waitress who volunteered that we could order from the bar menu but stay in the peaceful surrounds of the restaurant. We commend this staff member for her assistance.The helpfulness of the staff was patchy. When approached for a late checkout the person on the reception desk was curt; as a Gold Priority Club Member I expected a more reasonable response. There are many ways to say no politely, this staff member was not capable of employing them.The concierge was exceptionally helpful when we requested help in finding a rental car and made numerous 'phone calls on our behalf until he obtained a suitable vehicle. Each time we approached for guidance we were given a cordial reception and helpful advice.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	5	3	3	1	

<Author>BlueRTA
<Content>Excellent Hotel Choice for Downtown SF We just spent a week at the Intercontinental San Francisco. What a great choice! For the rate we paid, the room was outstanding. It was obvious that the hotel was new and the big screen LCD TV was excellent. The location was nice, a few blocks walk to Union Square and/or the trolley/BART. One block to the Westfield Shopping Center. By comparison, the neighborhood just to the south and west did not look too inviting but it was safe enough during the day. Definitely avoid using a rental car if possible, the parking fees are high at the hotel and driving in SF is not a good idea. It was very easy to get to all of our tours on foot from the hotel; we walked to most of them (be sure to bring your jacket). We had a great view of the city from the 26th floor, corner room. Service was overall very good and the room was properly cleaned. The hotel restaurant (Luce) had some very good fusion-style food choices; the bar was OK for hanging out in but a bit loud due to its lobby location. Overall I would not hesitate to recommend the Intercontinental for a vacation or business destination.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>European_Traveller99
<Content>I love new hotels - this one is very comfortable We booked this hotel before it opened through their website because we wanted to have the luxury of something new for a unique visit to San Francisco. And I wanted to make the one and only visit to San Francisco for my wife as memorable as possible.The tower is amazing, the entrance is a bit of a tiny experience for this kind of place - so was the welcome. Some of the receptionists are not really friendly and do not give you the feeling of being welcome for the money spent and that your special requests matter in any way to the powerful staff. Priority of the welcome interview was given to get the rates of the pre-paid (!) rooms initialed, advise us of the smoking penalties after we booked a non-smoking room (!) and emphasize that no room change is possible without major compromises on our side (after posting special requests 6 months before !).This is the opposite of priority treatment. Unacceptable for this kind of place where even a short stay may cost a decent amount of money. I have experienced exceptional welcomes in Asia and other places in the US so I kow what may be expected.Coming to the room (we paid for an extra category to be in floors 25...30) we really liked the luxury bathroom, noble desk area and super-comfortable beds without the lightest smell from previous guests. Absolutely clean and perfect. Just new...Even if the room was a little small from what we are used to from other luxury hotels we basically got what we expected as far as the room comfort was concerned.The view out of the windows howewer disappointed us greatly. We overlooked the bay area South of Market Street with the incoming freeway. Not the amazing view we booked a high floor for. I just noticed that I did not even take a photo of this ugly view among the 800 pics I took in SF. And the rude lady at the reception told us that there is no possibility to get a more interesting city view that we requested with our booking almost 6 months ago.Good management of our special request - or was it lack of ....whatever ?Anyway - due to the behaviour of the personnel for check-in we decided not to have any meals in the hotel and enjoy the wide variety of choices in the nearby heart of the city. A good decision in San Francisco, and very cost-effective also.Anyway, the hotel was quite a good coice, not an exceptional one.The city is of course - exceptional !  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	2	5	1	1	3	

<Author>5starsmyeye
<Content>Instant Service??? I was at the same convention as ProactiveHonolulu and suffered a similar fate. It really felt as if the hotel is either understaffed and unable to handle convention business (which begs the question of why build right next to a busy convention center) or felt that the delegates to this particular convention were not the sort of clientele they wish to see at the hotel. I arrived and due to some miscommunication, not the fault of the hotel, my reservation had not been made. It took the front desk staff and numerous managers nearly 2 hours to find a room for me--I was repeatedly told they were overbooked but somehow a room did exist. The room was very nice and comfortable, although rather small, but for some reason it wasn't serviced 1 out of the 7 days I stayed there. Additionally, the hotel nickel and dimes you for everything: $30 for a rollaway bed, $15 for internet access, etc. They even tried to charge a fellow traveler for moving (not consuming) items in the minibar!The biggest joke is the Instant Service button on the phones. It takes them at least 10 rings to answer and then the service is far from instant. It took nearly 2 hours to get a rollaway bed and when I called twice to have it picked up, it never was. They tried to charge for the extra day even though I had called for its removal but at least removed the charge when I complained. The hotel is new, clean, and upscale but the management is suspect. This is rampant in today's hotel market so I guess I shouldn't expect better. The big corporations who own these hotels answer to shareholders not customers so if you strip the staff (especially middle management) to the bone and report a profit for the last quarter that's all that matters. Sad.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	3	5	2	1	2	

<Author>seasuzie
<Content>Intercontinental good for price We were promised a room with 2 queen beds which to make a long story short never happened. After waiting a couple of hours for our room to be ready we were disappointed they gave us a room with two double beds. I had explained to reservation office when making my initial reservation that we were two adults and two kids and needed two queen beds. They assured me we would have them. It never happened which really disappointed me because I picked this hotel because they promised two queen beds!!Besides that, the room was clean, my kids enjoyed the pool and the fellow travelers were very nice and polite. The staff basically lied to us which I do not appreciate. I told my husband wow, people lie here and don't even feel bad! (We were also lied to when we rented bikes with our kids that the ride was easy and piece of cake across the Golden Gate Bridge, which it wasn't but worth it!!)  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	2	3	2	2	3	

<Author>PaulJudeRN
<Content>The perfect San Francisco hotel We had the opportunity to stay at the new Intercontinental one month after opening and had one of the most memorable vacation experiences in all our travels. We were orginally concerned that the hotel had only been open a short time and were worried about some bumps. Nothing could have been further from our experience. The hotel was PERFECT. From the original check-in to our room, the hotel staff were efficient, courteous and knowledgable. The room decor was both modern and warm with the most amazing views of the city. Within walking distance to most public transportation, every excursion was a simple trolley or subway car away. Every neighborhood was within easy reach. Every day we would check in with the hotel staff for recommendations on eating, sightseeing and walking tours. Every recommendation was exactly as they promised. I would tell everyone who has been or is thinking about going to stay at this hotel, it is as perfect a hotel as you could imagine.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ProactiveHonolulu
<Content>Bad Service for Up-Scale Hotel The hotel was selected due to the proximity of a convention I attended at the Mascone Convention Center. The staff at the front desk treated guests like robots. Not a very warm reception upon check-in by the staff. Management was rather rude to another fellow union member who wanted to bring in food and drinks for personal consumption. This is an up-scale, luxury property and not where college frats would stay and have wild parties, but that's how the fellow union member was treated. The elevators where constantly out of service while filled at capacity due to the convention. The best service of the whole stay was from the bell-man. He was the most hospitable of all the staff.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>towniemel
<Content>Great service at the beautiful Intercontinental       Lobby  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MachThree
<Content>Excellent experience This is a beautiful, brand new hotel. First I'll go through the good stuff. Everything here is brand new and beautiful - the lobby rivals the W's a few blocks away with a beautiful bar, restaraunt, and reception area, the carpeting in the halls and all the common areas are (gasp!) clean and actually nice! Our room was gorgeous - we had a corner room on the 30th floor - floor to ceiling windows afforded us a terrific view of the city's skyline to the north and the bay to the east. The bathroom was gorgeous, with ceramic tile, a digital scale, and (what seems to be a rarety for hotels) towels that were actually large enough. The room was also equipped with a very large LCD HDTV, and the bed was exceedingly comfortable. The staff was also exceedingly friendly, helpful, and courteous. Other ammentities included an indoor lap pool, jacuzzi, and a full service spa, and the best gym I've ever seen in a hotel. As you'd expect from an Intercontinental, it truly feels like an upscale hotel and a special experience. Can only say two negative things about our whole experience there. a) the parking fee is outlandish - $46 / night. b) The location may not be the best, depending on why you are visiting San Francisco. Basically, the hotel is situated at the southeast corner of what seems to be a nice area - immediately to the north and to the west are the Mascone Center (San Francisco's convention center), two malls, and a block or two further north is San Francisco's Museum of Modern Art. So if you want to visit the museum or you are attending a convention, the location is great. If you are like me, however, and like to explore on foot, most of the other main attractions are a pretty long ways away. Unfortunately, nothing to the south or the east looked too savory, I wouldn't really want to walk in that direction from the hotel. When I go back to San Francisco, I am definetly going to try and book this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>abenitaj
<Content>Cool Hotel The hotel is convenient to everything. There is a mall approximately one block behind the hotel. Everything else is within walking distance, ie. cable cars, F train, shopping etc. The room was a wee bit small but exceptionally clean. The floor to ceiling windows provided for wonderful views. The bathroom was very modern and spacious. The beds were very comfortable. The maids ring the door bell to the room before entering. Check in and out was a breeze. The pictures from previous viewers of the hotel and rooms are exact. If you want great suggestions for resturants, ask for Earnest at the porter's station. He suggested, Sears Fine foods which was about a 1 mile walk towards Union Square. Great food. He also suggested an Italian Resturant down by the Fisherman's Wharf that's spelled something like Chiccolic. Wonderful, Wonderful food. Take either the trolley/cable car or the F train to Pier 39 and Fisherman's Wharf. If you are looking for tours, I suggest the San Francisco City tour and the brunch cruise by Viocor only. I would stay here again with no hesitation.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AdvisorMember12
<Content>Wonderful hotel We had an excellent stay. Our room was clean and modern and we had an excellent view of the city from the 26th floor. The staff was attentive, friendly and went out of their way to make us feel welcome. The location is a bit a rough but undesirables can easily be avoided by walking down safer streets. The hotel staff happily mapped out a safe walking route to nearby attractions. We found the valet parking extremely expensive and unnecessary. Cheap parking is available in lots across the street for a quarter of the cost. Several restaurants are also within walking distance so don鈥檛 feel pressured to spring for breakfast at the hotel. One cost we couldn鈥檛 avoid was the Internet. It would have been nice if this charge was included. Bottom line: A wonderful hotel with excellent staff and great rooms. Just watch the extra charges, they add up quickly if you鈥檙e not careful.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Jim51519
<Content>Lukewarm to Intercontinental SF The hotel is new, clean and first class. We had 2 rooms both of similar (reasonable) size. One had a shower  no tub, the other a tub shower. Great plasma TV.My only complaint (as with most expensive hotels) is that most things are an extra charge. Want to use the mini bar fridge? $30 charge to empty it (if you move a bottle in the mini bar it is electronically sensed and you get charged). Parking....$45 per night. Internet is an extra charge. Overall the hotel is lovely,  comfortable. You need to consider whether the downtown location works for you. There are few moderate family restaurants very nearby.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	3	5	4	5	1	

<Author>Infiniti
<Content>Perfect Stay My family stayed here for 6 nights on a vacation. We had booked two rooms, and the staff very kindly put us in rooms only two doors away. One of them was a corner room, and while it would normaly cost a lot more, the staff let us pay the standard room price. (Which we had booked.) Both rooms were spotlessly clean and had modern furnishings and amenities, and housekeeping did a good job for the most part. All rooms have high-def plasma TV's and i-Pod docking stations. All staff members were extremly profesional.I don't know why everyone complains about the location. Upon check in the desk clerk pulled out a map, clearly marked where not to go, and gave it to us. Pretty simple really. A short walk up Howard towards 4th gets you right in the middle of everything.During our stay we just had two minor problems. One time the maid replaced a shampoo bottle with body wash, and the floor to ceiling windows were rather dirty, not that there's much of a view anyway. This might not qaulify as a problem but the breakfast was extremely expensive, $25 a person expensive! If you want a really nice breakfast, I suggest going to one of the many Starbucks in the area, buy a few pastries, and go eat them in Union Square.Overall I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone, for business or leisure.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>FamilyFunEdinburgh
<Content>Don't head one street in the wrong direction It looks new and clean and carrys the Intercontinental brand so we thougth we were safe. In 3 days we witnessed a mugging 30 feet from the front door, the next street across Sixth street is home of XXX rated cinemas and a high population of homeless people with untreated mental heath issues. The hotel charges extras for everything - parking $46 +tax per night,wifi at $15 per night, a roll away bed $30 per night, when you are already paying full price for a room for 2 chilren under 12! The staff haven't yet adopted the 'can do ' attitude for guests, together with its rough location means this will not be a repeat experience.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	1	4	2	2	1	

<Author>hafgrape
<Content>Great hotel Great hotel very sleek and modern in an ideal location for visiting the sites and for shopping.The room was well decorated, minimal, spacious, with a huge bed, big bathroom, coffee maker (but strangely no milk/cream or sugar), robes etc.Facilities - great pool which is actually a swimming pool not a paddling pool so you could do laps. great jacuzzi. The gym looked well equipped but we didn't try it (it was our holiday!). The outdoor terrace was great to sit out on when it was warm enough.Food - sorry can't comment as we didn't try the restaurant.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>MUhrblock
<Content>Great hotel and service We stayed at this hotel at the end of June for three nights, catching the end of their introductory rate. For $129/night, it was an unbelievable bargain. Although the location may be a concern for some, it is really only an extra block to the big hotels around Union Square and very convenient to public transport, both the BART, the F-line streetcar, and the cable cars. There is a great mall within a block with plenty of shopping and food options. We walked as far as the Ferry Building and also to ATT Park to catch a ball game with our infant and no problems.A nice large room with a large LCD TV wall-mounted and it was really nice to have all new furniture and fixtures. The Keurig coffeemaker in the room is very neat as well.Excellent concierge service and friendly service in the hotel bar when we needed boiling water to mix our little one's breakfast cereal each morning. The only thing I might suggest is getting rid of the old-style cribs with the metal bars and moving to the collapsible cribs with soft sides. This is hardly an issue though. A great hotel stay to start our trip.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ziggy02
<Content>Okay but nothing special Got a wonderful rate of $129 for a standard room. Can't complain at all about the rate. The hotel is modern and tastefully decorated. I got good value for what I paid. However, that said, the standard room did not meet my expectations of an Intercontinental Hotel. Apart from the flat screen TV and a nice large shower, it seemed more like a Mariott. The room was small and noisy, and had a view of an abandoned parking lot. Tip for other travelers -- if you don't want to hear sirens and traffic all night long, avoid rooms 03  04, which face onto 5th street. Service was okay. Nothing to complain about but nothing to rave about either.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	3	3	4	

<Author>IrishWeather
<Content>Worst Service - EVER I stayed at this hotel for four nights recently for a conference. It has quite simply, the rudest, most ignorant, unhelpful staff of any hotel I have ever stayed in.But let me go into detail.....I checked in at midday and was told my room was not ready. This was fine as, in fairness, i was early. I provided my credit card and passport details and was told by the reception person that I could leave my bag with the porters and pick up my key at any time after 3pm. I actually ended up returning to the hotel at 10pm, at which time there was a huge queue at reception. I asked the porter if he could get the key from reception for me but was told... in no uncertain terms... that he couldn't help. Now, having queued once that day, I wasn't about to do it again... so I stood to one side at the main desk and got one of the reception staffs attention while she was between guests. When I told her i was picking up a key she said You'll have to join the line. When I explained the situation she turned away, dealt with another customer and then asked me my name, which she eventually looked up in the system. She then told me that I hadn't in fact checked in and so would have to join the line. Now, I was getting a bit peeved at this point and told here there was no way I was joining the line. So... she ignored me... and ignored me... and ignored me... for at least ten minutes. I then asked to speak to her manager... and was ignored. So a few minutes later when it was clear that she wasn't getting the manager I asked again... so she left her post and went to the other end of the desk where her manager was also dealing with people. Great I thought.... the manager will be along now and we can get this sorted! How wrong I was! The manager also completely ignored me and left me standing there like a lemon! Eventually, and this is after a good half hour of waiting... I actually did join the line. I honestly couldn't believe it... they made a mistake checking me in (i still wonder just what did they do with my details the first time around) and I had to pay for it with my time. Unbelieveable.So, none too happy I asked to see a manager the next day. The only manager available was the head of security who came out Maffia style (i.e. flanked by a blank faced goon with an ear piece). In fairness to him, he listened to the issue and grudgingly apologised but didn't offer any remedial gesture what so ever. He also never explained why he felt it necessary to have his own personal security guard with him while listening to my complaint.This hotel is new and it shows. The staff are completely clueless as to how guests are normally treated in a hotel of this standard.As for the hotel and facilities... the public spaces are minimalist.... i.e. all the charm of an airport lounge. The rooms are nice but there are no baths which I know quite a few people didnt like.Ive stayed in top class hotels all over the world. This wasn't one of them.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	1	1	1	

<Author>ajd1307
<Content>great service, great accomodations excellent service (both front desk and bar/restaurant), nice decor, comfortable bed, nice view from the room, highly recommend it if you want to be on that side of san francisco--ideal for business travelers.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vanillagice
<Content>Average hotel at a great price My husband and I styed at the Intercontinental on what may have been the hottest Friday of the season for San Francisco (6/20). The hotel staff is friendly, but no more so than any other upscale hotel in the city. The hotel is located across the street from the Museum of Modern Art, yet no mention was made of the Frida Kahlo show going on there. It wasn't until we were leaving the city that I realized the show was even there. I would expect more from a hotel that (normally) charges so much and is RIGHT ACROSS from the museum. I got a screamin' deal from Hotwire though, and would stay there again if I were able to get another such deal ($129/night).  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>helen18
<Content>Excellent option I had a great stay here and recommend this hotel. This was my first time in SF and I was worried about the location, but I found it worked really well. It is a short walk to market street with excellent transport connections. When I arrived I asked for a map and if there were any areas that may be best not to walk into and the chap on reception marked an area on the mapThe areas around the hotel seemed very safe to walk in and it is very easy to get to around. If you take one of the tours the companies will pick you up from the hotel and take you back. The hotel is very new and therefore clean and modern. I found all the people working there very friendly and helpful. The pool is lovely and I felt completely relaxed during my stay. The room was well equipped and very quiet. I would thoroughly recommend this hotel. I stayed for nine nights and loved the hotel which became a major part of a very enjoyable trip.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>RachLondon
<Content>Beautiful new hotel, with small hotel service Spent three nights at the new Intercontinental in May this year. We got a great rate as it had just opened. Generally I'm not keen on big impersonal hotels as I find that often you are treated as one of three hundred guests rather than getting great service - but I was thoroughly impressed by this hotel. The service was friendly and helpful, breakfasts fantastic and the rooms were gorgeous, with an amazing view whichever side you're on (try and get a high up room). We didn't have a bath in our room, but we didn't ask for one and I feel sure if requested you'd get one. But the bathroom was gorgeous with a massive walk-in shower. The hotel is about a 5 minute walk from the main shopping area, where the tram exchange is and about a 10-15 walk to union square - but we found the location great. It's hard to find a criticism, but if I had to I'd say the doormen seemed to be invisible - but hey I can open a door myself!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>macsym
<Content>Convenient InterContinental I enjoyed my 3 night stay here. Staff were generally friendly and pro-active. I actually thought the location was good. It was very convenient for all the transport options in Market Street, the Powell Street cable car and shopping in the Westfield Centre and Union Square. However, the corner of Howard and 4th can be very windy!I stayed on the 33rd floor and had good views of the Bay and ATT stadium. The room was relaxing and comfortable and the bathroom was particularly good and the generous toiletries excellent. Housekeeping was very good. In a brand new hotel I might have expected international sockets at the desk rather than just 3 US ones.The Club Lounge on the 6th floor was pleasant and offered a good breakfast and nice range of drinks in the evenings. Club Reception staff were friendly and welcoming although those serving lacked the expected degree of professionalism. A 2pm check out is offered to club guests but this was readily extended to 4pm and guests are able to make use of the club facilities until they actually leave the hotel which is generous and useful if one has a late flight.The best staff I encountered were at the concierge desk 鈥?very friendly and helpful. The only disappointment was my actual arrival and departure 鈥?no assistance with luggage, no escort to the room, no enquiry as to the enjoyability of my stay.The hotel is business (especially conference delegates) orientated but that need not be a deterrent for tourists. I would return.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Butcher.T
<Content>New hotel in upcoming neighborhood The InterContinental opened this past February, 2008. Travelzoo was offering a great deal that we could not pass up. The rooms used for the deal, being new, are very nice. There was no tub, just a shower which was fine with us. We were on the 12th floor and the view was very nice. It is in a neighborhood that is being developed. It is between 4th and 5th Streets on Howard Street. Anything on Howard going toward 6th is still a little seedy. However, if you take 4th or 5th toward Market you are fine. The hotel is a typical large chain hotel with all the amenities that go with such a place. We would stay there again since it is close to family living in the area if we were offered a deal similar to what we had. It is close to Union Square, the Moscone Center and MOMA.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>VfB 1893
<Content>Stay at the Club       Bay-View Club Room 31st floor  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>ScrappyGal
<Content>Overall, a WONDERFUL place...service could have been a tad... better. The hotel is gorgeous and seeing that it opened late February, the place is still wonderfully new. The rooms are nice and the views amazing. Very, very chic. I went with a couple of my friends and we requested a room with 2 queens, but they were out of those rooms the first night. After numerous calls on my part, the staff kept on asking me to call them back because they weren't sure what rooms would be available after cleaning. (Which I think was sort of a fib to try to discourage me.) Anyhow, we stuck with our room, although a bit cramped, the newness and cleanliness of it made up for it.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	3	2	

<Author>mstella140
<Content>A great hotel - well stay here again! My husband and I spent part of our honeymoon in San Francisco and stayed at the Intercontinental. I cannot say enough about this hotel. It was just fabulous. The staff was courteous and attentive - always a smile and how can I help. Our room was on the 28th floor and overlooked the bay. The beds are super comfy and the room is large with great amenities; flat screen tv, ipod docking station, great minibar - even a scale! The hotel is only two blocks away from Market  Powell so it's near by all tranportation - BART, Cable car, Muni. We hope to return to San Francisco again and I will definately return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>glendaculbertson
<Content>Excellent room and service! I highly recommend the hotel if you want great amenities and service. The bay view from the 30th floor was amazing. The room was just like being at home: soothing colors, a super-comfortable king size bed, newspaper service in the morning, an iPod docking station, a shower with strong water pressure and room for two :D and toiletries that were worth taking home! The gym was big, and each treadmill had individual TVs! My home gym doesn't have this! The pool was just like an infinity pool and perfect for swimming laps. The spa was secluded from the entrance and it had a perfect view of the large LCD TV in the gym. Whoever planned that knew exactly what people want from a hot tub experience! The hotel is just as important to me as the sights in the city. Mark my words, this is the only hotel I will stay in when visiting the City!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tehsuck
<Content>Great Experience for the Price I recently stayed here when I was at a conference in late May, 2008. The first thing I noticed about this hotel is that it's absolutely gorgeous. Everything is absolutely pristine and new. One thing that blew me away about this hotel was the level of service. Every staff member was above and beyond curtious and helpful. Every time I left or came in there someone would greet me, and/or open the door for me. Security was also impressive. I accidentally left my door open a crack when I came back at one point and about 5 minute later there were two employees knocking on my door to make sure everything was ok. I ordered room service a few times and the food was a decent quality. I'd have to say it's a bit overpriced. I was a bit disappointed that I had to pay for wifi.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>spuddud
<Content>Intercontinental Hotel - Great Soup!       Sunrise across the bay from the Intercontinental hotel  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelWendy
<Content>Awesome We stayed here for 4 nights and loved everything about it. All the personnel were wonderful and couldn鈥檛 do enough for you. The bed was the most comfortable bed I鈥檝e ever slept in. It was a great location. We go to San Francisco 3-4 times a year and this will be my first choice for future stays. The only drawback was parking was pricey but that is expected in the city. ($46.00 plus tax)  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cinncitraveler
<Content>Outstanding I travel extensively, and this is a great property. The staff is friendly and attentive to every need. It's only 2 blocks from the BART station at Powell, so you can take the train from the airport and walk to the hotel. The room was VERY clean, comfortable, and quiet. High tech touches throughout. I will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aandptravels
<Content>Lovely, polished hotel The new InterContinental Hotel San Francisco simply gleams. The rooms have floor-to-ceiling windows with astonishing views. Amenities include a flat-screen television, desk, upscale bath products, and a scale to check yourself after you gorge on the treats in the in-room bar. Even slippers are provided alongside the obligatory robe hanging in the closet. Downside: there are no ceramic coffee cups available to accompany the small coffee maker. In a room as nice as this, I want to linger while I adjust to time zone change, not run to the nearby convention center with a paper cup in hand. Also: no ATM on the premises or anywhere in a two-block radius.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>byln
<Content>Most Comfortable Bed Ever! We stayed at the Intercontinental San Francisco for two nights on May 16-18, and it was a pretty good experience for us.We paid USD$235 (excluding taxes) for their standard queen (in short what i would think is their cheapest room) because i think this weekend was a peak weekend- there was the bay to breakers run that took place right outside the hotel and was rather fun to watch.We loved the bed - it was by far the most comfortable bed we've been in. The mattress was nice and firm the the sheets and duvet nice and snug. I wanted to go to the gym (which upon inspection looked furnished with up to date equipment) but unfortunately on holiday this type of discipline is lacking. There was also an indoor pool which looked inviting but smelt rather strongly of chlorine.The lobby was quite minimalist-esque, and the rooms done up tastefully. They have a ton of channels on the tv, so while the tv menu guide is helpful, its just impossible to remember.Anyway, it was a pleasant stay, though i am wondering whether we were paying too much looking at what others have paid for their rooms!  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>aquahot
<Content>Great new hotel       Bay to Breakers  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>afreeman76
<Content>Great Stay at the Intercontinental       Room 2103  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>kwebsnyc
<Content>Everything was perfect I stayed at the Intercontinental for a conference at the Moscone Convention Center and booked through the conference at their negotiated rate. Location to the convention center was perfect, only about a block and a half walk, though if I was sight seeing I guess the location would not have been ideal. That being said, I had an absolutely perfect stay. I arrived very late, around 1:30 or later in the morning, without any luggage as the airline had misplaced it. I checked in quickly, and was offered to have toothbrush and toothpaste brought up to the room by housekeeping. The check-in clerk made no mention of an upgrade, but when I walked into my room I could tell I had been-- it was a corner king room with two full walls of floor to ceiling windows, with gorgeous views (2420). The bed was super comfortable, very nice widescreen HD TV, large bathroom with plenty of towels. I could not complain about a single thing in the room-- it is definitely the nicest room I have ever stayed in. The concierge and bell man were both very helpful and friendly. The concierge also made a reservation for us on the spot at a nearby restaurant and this included a free appetizer because it was booked through the hotel. Once my luggage was brought to the hotel, the bellman brought it up quickly and apologized that I had to wait 5-10 minutes because of a mix up in room numbers-- after a full day, the 5 minutes didn't make a difference to me! Also, finding a cab in San Francisco seems to be a big problem but the guys working out front did it pretty quickly. All in all, a great stay and if I visit the Moscone Center again, I will definitely stay here!  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>demichae
<Content>Nice Room, Poor Service First of all, if you are going to book on their website, keep checking back. The rates go up and down from in the mid 150's to the mid 250's for the same date.Our rate was $179 for a king. When I first called I asked if there was a room with 2 queens, since we have 3 small children. I was told that the room limit is 3 people due to fire safety. This was ridiculous so I ignored it.Both my wife and I lived in SF, so we are familiar with the area. The hotel is South of Market, very close to 6th street, one of the worst parts of the downtown area, rivaled only by the Tenderloin. You're not going to want to take nightly strolls heading South, and you don't want to park on the street (if you can find it). You'll be broken into. Upon arrival I was suprised at how small the driveway is. It was crowded with cars and difficult to unload. The lobby is small but nice, sort of like a W hotel. The rooms were very modern, and our view from the 26th floor looked out to the Eastbay. It was pretty, but the other side of the hotel, with views of the City, would have been better. Despite having asked that the liquor cabinet be locked electronically, it wasn't, and our 2 year old opened it, which, we were warned, would result in a charge. It did not. The prices were outrageous...$6.50 for a bag of peanut MMs.We ordered an appetizer from room service. It was a very small sandwich with proscuitto on it. Delivered, it was $20 tip included, but the delivery guy still stood there waiting for a tip.When I checked in I asked that a pull out bed be delivered to the room, but was told to call roomservice once we were settled. We began calling at 9:00 p.m. Nothing came. We then called again at 10:00 p.m. Again nothing. A third call was made at midnight. Nothing. Finally at 2:00 a.m. I called and the bed was delivered. The guy said he was sorry and waived the charge for the bed. Nice.All in all, it's a good deal for $150-175 a night, it's clean, and has great views. The location is in a bit of a sketchy area, but it'll be safe as long as you only head North. I wouldn't even walk up 5th street at night. If you are going to Moscone Center, it's VERY close, and would be a perfect location.On another note, while we were leaving for dinner Saturday night, the bar was packed...with flamboyent gay men. Not sure how they found it, but this would appear to be the newest hotspot for this type. Not that there's anything wrong with that....  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>2	5	5	2	5	3	2	5	

<Author>gtdroptop
<Content>Club InterContinental...totally worth it!       Stylish hallway  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OutOfOffice2008
<Content>very enjoyale, kind service, great new rooms Had an excellent stay over a weekend at the new Intercontinental recently. I agree with most of what has been written here and have no complaints at all. I loved the very comfortable Executive King room on the 23rd floor, with the broad corner view, giant flat-screen tv, and fluffy bathrobes. We were upgraded from a King Superior.It is a business hotel, but the staff were unbelievably warm and helpful. Everyone was, from the check in and concierge, to valets and housekeepers. I am an Intercontinental Ambassador member and had all my promised benefits recognized - something that is sometimes an issue.The only tiny thing I would change is that our bathroom needed towel hooks. Otherwise it was great. I hope they keep this place as sparkling as it is now, and that the staff maintain the kindness that we so appreciated. This will definitely be my SF hotel from now on.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bobeek
<Content>Super nice hotel - immature service Great, clean hotel with terrific rooms and excellent facilities. HOWEVER, when I arrived in my room, the bed had clearly been sat on, the bottle of water was open and half empty, and two towels were used in the bathroom. Furthermore, the toilet had been used. I called the help line and they seemed annoyed that I would be concerned about it and said what do you want us to do, do you want a new towel?. VERY POOR SERVICE. Probably a function of being a new hotel with new staff.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	1	5	

<Author>Olofvilla
<Content>Great New Hotel       View to ATT  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	2	4	

<Author>Arturas
<Content>Just typical business hotel, nothing more! Stayed 2 nights in this hotel during my holidays. Got a great rate from travelzoo.Ok, it is all new, clean and not bad location if you like shopping in San Francisco ( Union sq is just a few blocks walking from the hotel). I must say hotel staff is indeed very friendly, happy and willing to help you. But beside that I do not understand excitement of the previous reviewers of this hotel. It is just one of typical business hotels with nothing really special... No ambiance at all. The gym room is far too small for such a big hotel, that was really dissapointment. The swimming pool is quite as long as there 2 or 3 swimmers you can do lap swimming.If you are on business and just need a good bed then this is perfect place. If you are on holidays or looking for the hotel with some ambiance, go somewhere else. And then again...if you are on business, wifi is not free of charge....Come on...who charges for wifi these days?? In most of the hotels wifi is complimentary and part of the service....  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>MedWriter
<Content>Intercontinental Happiest Place on Earth I recently stayed at the Intercontinental Hotel San Francisco for a conference next door at the Moscone Center in the downtown district -- and was most impressed with the happy staff. These people were genuinely giddy with their luck at having landed a job at the new property. They're proud of the place and it just shows in their attitude toward guests.I paid a slightly higher price to be located on one of their coveted Club Floors but was well rewarded for the price difference. The club was open most all of the day and evening hours and was always staffed, again, with those happy and friendly employees.Checking out of this hotel, I actually felt a small sadness that I would be leaving -- a first for me when it comes to business travel.I highly recommend this hotel and can't wait till I have another assignment in San Francisco (I'm a medical writer).  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SalvadorDaliFan
<Content>Excellent service. Beautiful brand new hotel in the heart of San Francisco's business district.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bdubs9
<Content>Loved It -- but not cheap. Stayed in a Jr. Suite on the 15th floor. Had a beautiful room with a fantastic view. It was the perfect weekend getaway for my wife and me. The extra charges can pile up quickly. For us = $15 internet, $52 valet parking, $12 movie, $30 breakfast. Of course we could've not gotten some of those things, but this was our weekend to splurge on ourselves. Our room wasn't finished when we arrived (2hrs before check-in) and they called us on our cell phone to let us know our room was ready. They had taken our bags up to the room and everything was ready for us.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>md001
<Content>Wonderful We loved this hotel. It's brand new (opened February 2008) and beautiful. We stayed in a Jr. Suite on the 26th floor with an amazing view of the city, Bay Bridge, and Bay. Service was friendly, and we got a package that included parking and breakfast especially for CA residents. Great bed, robes, bathtub, food, etc. Highly recommended. They also gave us champagne, candles, and rose petals on the bed since we'd mentioned it was our wedding anniversary!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelerJack
<Content>Very good stay       View out window (I color corrected it because of blue tinted windows)  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>annecharles
<Content>In one word...Amazing!! My husband and I celebrated our wedding anniversary the weekend of the 11th. I am very picky about hotels, usually enjoy Vegas style rooms and this far exceeded my expectations. The staff was wonderful. Didn't use the spa or pool area so can't comment on that. The room was on the 15th floor with an incredible city view. Had a huge suite. Next time, would stay on the other side of the building for a bay view and higher up. Clean, fresh, comfortable. Told them about our anniversary, had a bottle of champagne on ice and glasses waiting for us. Rose petals on bed at night. Huge bathroom with full wall of windows. Only downside, breakfast buffet is very limited. Good food but my hubby is very picky and the only main egg plate was a crab scrambled egg on a muffin. Also, very small area to eat. Walking distance to Union Square and cable cars (to get you to pier 39/fishermans warf). Parking is expensive but was able to park the car across the street for $50 for the whole weekend (didn't use car once). Didn't eat at restaurant. Actually, had dinner at great place called John's steakhouse. very quaint, busy, crowded (have to like that atmosphere) and fantastic steak and halibut. Will be staying here again, for sure!!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>su2320
<Content>Give it time...! I stayed at this hotel for a long weekend with my boyfriend who often stays at IC hotels throughout the world. We were given a beautiful suite with access to the Club which provides breakfast and afternoon cocktails. Overall, it's a very nice modern hotel with well appointed rooms and incredible views (at least on the higher floors). The outside terraces are also a nice touch especially when the weather cooperates.The location is central enough but as other reviewers have mentioned taxi drivers aren't necessarily aware of the location, which is a hassle not only getting to the hotel, but getting a cab out front as well. We experienced several issues during our stay:lost room service order (they wrote down the wrong room #); a FedEx package was never brought up even though it was received 2 days prior; a call ahead for a taxi was never honored; and the Club repeatedly ran out of food/wine/clean plates, etc. I did use the I-spa for 2 separate treatments and they were both fantastic and without any issues. I'm sure all of the problems here will be resolved once they work through all of the kinks. I would give it another try in a few months.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>bealocal
<Content>Back in the 'hood...my how it's changing       View to West  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	1	

<Author>cruzship
<Content>Great New Hotel by the Convention Center, but Staff Needs Some Help   showReview(15034865, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>lebelgo
<Content>Excellent hotel--but watch out for the upcharges!   showReview(15011952, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jeepbabe59
<Content>Stay here!   showReview(14695529, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>timanderin05
<Content>Very nice...   showReview(14664973, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sdbrick
<Content>Terrific Hotel   showReview(14602410, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>layor30
<Content>wonderful Anniversary   showReview(14558884, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>honeymooncanada
<Content>Meets Expectations   showReview(14388951, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wanderer
<Content>Nice, but not quite world class   showReview(14331272, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Kostarelos
<Content>Great stay   showReview(14223138, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ckpd
<Content>Still working on the details   showReview(14208788, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>riplii
<Content>che dire...favoloso...       bagno  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>FadaM
<Content>Buena opcion pero no volvere.   showReview(20501699, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>USA_reise_2008
<Content>Super sch枚nes, sauberes und komfortables Zimmer   showReview(20442955, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Burgas77
<Content>隆Muy bueno!       Ascensores  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Christophe_be
<Content>h么tel magnifique ! A ne pas manquer !       piscine  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Alvaro1974
<Content>Muy buen hotel a buen precio   showReview(19734974, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(19632898, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Parfait   showReview(19632897, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j'y retourne sans probl猫me !   showReview(19632896, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>excellent h么tel   showReview(19632895, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>superbe   showReview(19632894, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel excellent   showReview(19632893, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel avec un excellent rapport qualit茅-prix   showReview(19632892, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Exzellent   showReview(18530330, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Good Hotel fairly new   showReview(18530329, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Modernes freundliches Hotel sehr gepflegt   showReview(18530328, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr茅s bonne adresse j'y retourne   showReview(18530327, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(18530326, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bien tres international   showReview(18530325, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Superbe h么tel   showReview(18530324, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(18530322, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gerne wieder   showReview(17433573, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'y retourne sans trop d'h茅sitations   showReview(17433572, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tramby
<Content>Vue 脿 couper le souffle   showReview(16629511, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

