<Author>ALLOVERPOINTS
<Content>Perfect Location! This hotel was fantastic. I was a little concerned by some of the other reviews before booking, considering we were using a very large amount of points to stay for New Year's. We arrived on Tues. Dec. 30, to wonderful and quick check in, and an upgraded room that overlooked Times Square that we requested upon booking. We were not disappointed. Yes, the hotel is quite large, and the lift system could be intimidating, but actually very easy. This was most likely the busiest time being New Year's and we had no trouble whatsoever with waiting for elevators. Even after the ball dropped it only took 15-20 min. to get back into our room. The hotel itself is in the best location. It is within walking distance to everything, and we walked, and walked, and walked until we saw it all. I would not recommend taking kids on a New York City trip, but if you did, you would find plenty for them to do near this hotel. The giant Toysrus across the street alone would provide hours of entertainment with the giant ferris wheel and walk in barbie house. You can be at Rockefeller center in minutes and we even braved the Subway which was way easier than I ever anticipated. Overall the location could not be beat, and the service was excellent. We were comped free breakfast in the hotel restaurant every morning ($70 every day) and the staff were above and beyond helpful with directions, mapping out every detail for us to get from point a to b, and making reservations at whatever our request was. The hotel was very clean, and housekeeping was great adhering to our schedule each day. Had a great and exhausting time trying to see it all. Thank goodness our home base was Times Square. Oh and the best part is you are directly across from ABC studio where they tape Good Morning America, so you can get up and walk across the street and see yourself on TV. Too funny. Enjoy!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>bananasue37
<Content>Great hotel in the heart of it all!       Birthday surprise at the Marriott  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Haburiboy
<Content>A Big Apple Letdown As a platinum Marriott card holder I expected this hotel and service to be great. It wasn't. It is over sized and makes you feel like you are in Las Vegas (not the good parts), the lift system means long waits and they are often full when they do arrive. The corridors were dirty with bags of rubbish and laundry left for more than 5 hours on most days. Having paid $500+ a night, the view was poor from the room and the window small, the bathroom in poor condition. Some of the staff were excellent thankfully but overall this is not someone I would stay. If you don't stay in many hotels this will be fine, but a seasoned travel will find this place nothing less than annoying and disappointing.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>Danish130784
<Content>Brilliant!!!       Room  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Phippsy1981
<Content>Location - great. Staff attitude - disappointing. We stayed for 4 nights at the Marriott Marquis Times Square for 4 nights in Dec 08 for a few days away for my grilfriend's birthday. The hotel is ideally located right in the heart of times square - and you really feel like you are at the centre of the earth staying here. It was especially good for us as we were only staying in NYC for a few days and did not have a great deal of time to be finding our bearings. With so much to see and do in NYC it was really good to be at the heart of it.The hotel is very impressive, a typically giant US hotel. However, the staff were very impersonal and on several occasions disappointed us. On reception they could be quite blunt if they were busy doing something and you approached them. We had a problem on check in whereby they actually checked us into a room where there were already some other people's bags in the room! We went straight back downstairs and the lady corrected the checkin and put us in another room, although the view was out the back of the hotel and not looking onto times square as the previous one had been. I pointed out to the lady that having seen the previous room we would like to see if she could find us one with a similar view, and she did. However, the next day we found that our new room had a leak in the bathroom ceiling caused by the torrential rain. We asked maintenance to come and take a look and left them sorting it out as we headed out for the afternoon. I asked them to update reception as to whether we would need to move rooms. Upon our return I asked the guy on reception what the outcome was and he quite abruptly just responded ' ID please' to look up our room details. Then without any conversation or explanation he simply started tapping away on screen and handed us some new entry cards for a new room - no explanation or apology offered, seemingly unaware that this would represent an inconvenience to us. As he had said practically nothing throughout the exchange I made a point of asking 'So we'll need to change rooms then?', but he did not take this opportunity to apologise and simply said yes. So i then said, 'so we'll need to move all our stuff then?' at which point he realised we weren't happy and offered to send some assistance. I told him not to bother himself and walked off.Overall I would say the location is excellent and the rooms generally pretty nice, and from what I gather a good size for NYC. For this reason, I would probably recommend the Marriott Marquis. However, our experiences with the staff did not meet the expectations we had given the price of staying here, and did not go the extra mile when we had problems.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>mikethescot
<Content>pick-up the discarded room service carts and trash I have stayed at the Marriott a number of times and for the first time I have been dissatisfied. My first concern is: food service carts left in the hallway for more than 24 hrs, broken glass in the hallway, trash thru-out the hotel. For the amount of money spent for a room I would expect nothing but the best. I must say that the young woman who helped hail a cab and load our luggage was exceptional. I will look for other hotels upon my next visit..  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	-1	5	3	3	

<Author>grzes
<Content>Great Place We stayed at this hotel for one night in summer 2008 and I have to say that it was interesting. Very busy place!!! We arrived by car. You need to go around 1 block to get to the main Lobby. From the moment we arrived we were taking care of well by the hotel's staff. Tipping you must but do not go crazy. Everyone was very nice to us and extremely helpful. Awesome - American breakfast.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>dollfin1210
<Content>Not what I expected The view was GREAT! The room lacked.... One of the tiles in tiles in the bathroom shower was broken and the room just looked old. I expected more for $600 a night, but I guess I paid for location and the view!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>3	1	2	5	3	3	3	2	

<Author>treehugger33
<Content>Center of it all The Marriott Marquis is an attraction within itself in the middle of Times Square in Manhattan. My first visit to the hotel, it was quite overwhelming with almost 2000 rooms and the elevators that you enter after you chose your floor. The amount of meeting space at the Marquis is absolutely huge, considering that it's in Manhattan. There's ALWAYS something going on: morning, daytime, evening. I've stayed at a lot of hotels in the past, and the lobby being on the 8th floor is a small hassle, since the elevators take forever to arrive to the lobby, and the escalators even longer. The staff is very friendly, and there are employees everywhere that are willing to help.My friends and I visit NYC frequently and love trying new hotels in the area, on all different scales. For this big box hotel, we were quite satisfied by the rate we paid, the service we received, and the location at the center of it all. Next time we stay in Times Square, we'll have to make it out to a Broadway show! I would definitely stay here again... try the Japanese sushi bar on the lobby floor!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>AstoriaWanderlust
<Content>Overcharging - Billing Hassles I was a guest at a private event just before Thanksgiving week, and the banqueting team incorrectly charged my credit card $400 for another table's wine. Although they assured me the charge would be corrected and wouldn't appear on my credit card, indeed I was charged for it. I have spent the past two weeks lost in the quagmire of their service center, accounting and in-house events department - to no avail. I am STILL stuck with a false $400 charge on my credit card. No one is accepting accountability for the mistake, and no one seems to have the authority to correct the error. Meanwhile, the Marriott is lining its pockets with the difference.If not for this billing SNAFU, it would have been an expensive but overall pleasant experience. But this mistake, their inability to correct it, and the labrynth of automated phone conversations (Press 1 to be connected to...) and well-meaning but ill-equipped off-site service centers is simply unacceptable.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	-1	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Flyairhost
<Content>An Overly Priced Bar With Unfriendly and Rushed Service I am writing my review based on my experience of the Broadway Lounge at the hotel lobby:We sat down with a nice table overlooking Times Square. We wanted to order some coffee (I wanted to go for a Martini but it was too early for one) and something quick to eat. The ambiance of the hotel lobby and bar is very nice, clean, airy and I was very impressed with how nice everything look... but that's just the only good thing that this place has.After waiting for over 15 minutes and seeing one waiter running back and forth all over the place, I thought we had to order at the bar. As I started walking that way, the very rushed, unfriendly and sweaty waiter took our order and left. We ordered to cafe lattes and an order of the chicken quesadilla.About 10 minutes later, we got our lattes and about 5 minutes later the quesadilla. I do have to say, the food was pretty good as well as the lattes. Mind you that the whole time we sat there with our coffees and empty water glasses, no one came over to check on us. Meanwhile, I did see a few servers standing by the bar area chatting away and even one of the managers walking around the restaurant but not really doing anything... hum...All of the sudden a crazy man that we saw earlier on the street singing to himself, found his way to the bar and now he is at the piano, playing it rather badly. Another one of the very unfriendly servers was talking to a patron and I asked her to come over and she yelled from 2 tables away: I will send you your server! I told her to come over and explained what it was. She left. A few minutes later, a security person removed the man from the piano but not escorted out. My friend actually ran into him in the bathroom (after the piano fiasco) talking to himself and screaming profanities.We left the bar but I am rather disappointed that the personnel here is so rushed, unfriendly, not following through with customers needs and just with a I don't care attitude. I have received better service at lower class places and if I am paying $30 for 2 coffees and a quesadilla, I do expect to receive service from someone who cares.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	-1	5	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>princessjocie
<Content>The Best Customer Service!! We stayed here again for the 3rd or 4th time and once again it was amazing! I love this hotel!!! We travelled all night and arrived in the city at about 8:30am. We wanted to just check our bags with the bellman knowing that we would check in several hours later. But the man at the front desk let us check in at 9am!!!! We couldnt believe it. He was so nice and it was incredibly appreciated since we were exhausted. I love this hotel and recommend it to everyone!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>poochiewooo
<Content>Sweet Hotel       view from our room on 37th floor :)  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>esa138
<Content>Great New York Location This hotel, to me, was excellent! It was right in Time Square in the center of all the Broadway action. We really didn't have anything major planned for the weekend, so it was nice to be close so we didn't have far to look. It was an incredible busy hotel and lobby, but I didn't have to wait long to check in or for the elevators. Being so close to Thanksgiving I was worried about the crowds, but it wasn't bad. Our room was on the 43rd floor and the view was amazing, especially at night. The room was a nice size, especially for NYC, and it was warm and cozy on the freezing evenings to look out and watch the city. I would definitely stay here again when visiting the city!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Joyride77
<Content>Big Disappointment - I'll never stay at a Marriott again! My fiancee and I stayed here for a fun getaway but were so disappointed by mistakes made by staff at check-in, condition of the room, and customer service in general that it nearly ruined our weekend. We scheduled a 1PM check-in, arrived at 1:30 and found that the room would not be ready until 4 - regular check-in time! We settled our bill, left our bags and returned at 4:45 when we were supposed to be able to simply pick up our keys - only to find that the room was still not ready. Stephanie, at the desk, switched our room to another, but failed to mention that it had two double beds (later referred to as Queen-sized by staff, but I have a Queen at home and this is much smaller), not the King we had originally reserved - we would only find this out after waiting 45 additional minutes to get into the room! It took 20 minutes to get onto an elevator alone, and when we got there a housekeeping cart was blocking the entrance. The houskeeper told us it would be at least another 15-20 minutes, so I called the desk to ask how they could give us a room that's not ready? I spoke with Ralph, who said he would call the housekeeper to find out what the problem was. But honestly, how can you blame her? The desk should know when a room is ready for guests! To get another room would have taken too long, according to Ralph, so we waited in the hall, realizing that at this point we would have to cancel our dinner reservations and go straight to our 8PM show. When we did get into the room, that's when we realized it was not a King bed. Another futile call to the desk but there was nothing else available - the hotel was overbooked, actually. To compensate, the best they could offer was a free breakfast (which I didn't want, because we had a special place already picked out), and a call from the concierge to make new (after show) dinner reservations. The concierge, Zoe, did call me shortly thereafter to help make new reservations, (couldn't get into the other place at 10) but said she would check with the new restaurant and call me back. We waited in the room for 1/2 an hour but never recieved a call. We did get to enjoy the view at this point, complete with a dirty butt print in the center of our window!!!! Downstairs, after getting ready and never getting a call back, I went to the concierge desk and found that Zoe was on a break. Thankfully, Alejandra was able to quickly set us up with new reservations. After the show, Chez Josephine's, recommended by the hotel, was mediocre French food at best. The risotto was cruncy, the hangar steak was 3 slices of meat... I get better food at a diner in South Jersey - and for much less than $150/couple (that's with just 1 drink, not a bottle, by the way!) Back at the hotel we were finally able to get 2 free drinks at the rotating bar on the top floor for our troubles. Later, in our room the thin walls allowed us to enjoy the couple next door arguing from 3 to 5 AM. Also, with almost zero water pressure in the shower and a toilet that eats and spits back toiletpaper, rather than flushing it, it's a good thing we used up all our Marriott Rewards points (plus paid $200), because we'll never stay at another Marriott again. The last few times there was always an issue of some kind, and I'm tired of taking my chances.My advice: stay at the W if you want to be in the heart of the city, or go to the Rivington downtown for the same price and an absolutely exquisite room.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>LG803
<Content>Thoroughly Enjoyable We returned this week from a wonderful stay in NYC at the Marriott Marquis. We received a reasonable (for NYC) rate from the hotel website. Upon checking in, I mentioned that we were celebrating my daughter's 21st birthday . We were assigned a room with a fantastic view over Duffy Square. The entire hotel appeared to have been recently renovated. The hotel staff provided excellent, friendly service. The new elevator system worked like a charm. We never waited more than a few seconds at the designated elevator.All in all, the hotel contributed to a magical visit to NYC that our daughter will always remember.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Jullisa
<Content>Super expensive but good quality and service I attended a conference at the Marriott Marquis and decided to stay there for the sake of convenience. Through the conference I got a rate of USD 439 for 4 nights and USD 479 for the 5th night. It is extremely expensive, but understandable due to the location: right on Times Square.The room was clean and comfortable; we even had a side view of Times Square. The conference facilities and lunch provided was excellent.I definitely recommend this hotel if you want to be in the middle of it all.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>RTAUK
<Content>Distinctly average, but good location We have just returned from spending 5 nights at the Marriott Marquis. The good thing about this hotel is the location in Time Square, which is a good central location to get around the sights. But the location alone does not warrant the $550 -$650 a night. The problem with this hotel is varied, namely the size of the hotel causes problems and long wait at the lifts. Having The View restaurant and Bar on the top of the hotel seems to draw coach loads of people to the lifts especially in the evenings, which gets like a rugby scrum and can take 10 minutes to get to your room from the ground floor. The concierge desk seemed to be having a personal challenge between them to get rid of customers as quickly as possible, No personal touch at all. The rooms are a good size, particularly for New York, but no Mini Bar and the glasses we used on the 1st night in the room were never replaced for the other 4 days we stayed. We eat in The View restaurant on the 1st evening of our stay, great view but food was ordinary and overpriced. My recommendation would be don't bother and get some decent food for 1/2 the price!In summary as a Marriott rewards gold holder I have stayed in lots of Marriott Hotels around America and in Europe and this is the worst one. Stay somewhere else and save yourself some money in the process.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	2	3	3	

<Author>Lucy7450
<Content>Great Location This hotel is right in the middle of Times Square and right in the middle of ALL the action. The hotel is MASSIVE and can be overwhelming, but the staff is very friendly and helpful. The elevator system is very functional. The rooms were very nice. It is expensive, but it IS New York and it is in the middle of everything!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>DaveH-ExPat
<Content>Wonderful hotel in the heart of New York       Room View  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>denise_islove
<Content>Nice hotel but busy location. The hotel was very nice and it was in the middle of Times Square. I did like our room, double beds and a nice view. Didn't like the elevators and how much you have to pay for internet! The housekeeper always came early like 8AM. If I had to choose what hotel, I wouldn't stay here at all. It's always busy and the lobby is located on the 8th floor.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Helinski
<Content>One of the WORST we've stayed at The Marriott Marquis is one of the worst hotels we've stayed at and does NOT justify the price at all! The room and bathroom were small and old. The shower did not work - all the water came out of the bath tap and not the shower head. It was only fixed after 2 requests. However this did not change the fact that there was no hot water during our stay.The sheets were dirty - it had blood stains on it the first night we got there!! The towels were also dirty - I found hairs on my bath towel (which by the way, is the mere size of two handtowels).The lights were also extremely annoying - there were no master light switch, so at night when you want to go to sleep - you'll have to manually switch off every single light in the room.Elevators were hopeless - had to wait for ages each time to get a lift.Great location - however don't stay here if you want quiet and peace.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	3	2	3	

<Author>ktberg
<Content>Loved this hotel We loved this hotel. We had requested a king bed, but at check in were originally given a room with 2 double beds. As soon as I asked about a king bed, we were immediately moved into a room that had one. Our room was excellent. The location is fantastic and we had NO problems with the elevators at all. We found them to be very efficient. We never ate at any of the restaurants in the hotel, but did have a drink in the revolving one and really enjoyed the experience. Yes, it's expensive, but it's New York!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>sbccc
<Content>Fantastic - do not stay anywhere else in NYC I took a chance and booked this on Priceline. What a great decision. This property is on Broadway between 45 and 46. That means right on Times Square. It is very large and very busy. However, there were hotel staff at every corner directing you where to go - helping with luggage etc. Truly it was the way hotels should be but rarely are anymore. It is 2 blocks from the subway which isn't too bad and the times Square station connects you with almost all subway lines. If you are headed to Manhattan you should try the Marriott. The regular room rate is around 400-500 but Priceline has rooms for about a third of that price.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>azroyalsfan
<Content>Location, Location, Location       room  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	2	

<Author>lisampls
<Content>My first trip to NYC - the Marquis helped make it great! My boyfriend and I just returned from the Marriott Marquis last night and had a great stay! The purpose for our tirp to New York was that we attended Wine Spectator's California Wine Experience event which was taking place at the hotel - so for convenience sake - we decided to stay at the Marquis. Glad we did!Our check in took a little bit, but it was because we had requested a Times Square view but the only beds available were two double and my boyfriend and I wanted a king. So - we opted for a king room that was available immediately that overlooked Broadway. This room was great! We had the last room at the end of the hall (3224) king bed and a little sitting area with a sofa bed. Very roomy! The bath was small and it was a little tough for both of us to get ready there at the same time.The room look like it had been updated somewhat recently - at least with the furnishings, carpet and the bedding - but it was tired in a few areas. There was a large flat-panel TV that we never turned on and a desk and chair if you're doing a little work as well. I think they charge $17/day for the internet - which I think is a bit excessive - but that's just my opinion.The window was on the small side too, but we looked directly out at the Virgin store and just to the right is 1 Times Square where they drop the ball on New Year's Eve. Needless to say, we were happy with the room and stayed even after the front desk called to say they had a Times Square view become available.I suppose I should back up the bus a bit and say this hotel is HUGE! Something like 2000 rooms and you can tell that by going to the elevator bank where there are 15 elevators! Crazy! We never really waited all that long, but there were a couple of occasions where we were jammed into a elevator with too many people - I'm sure we looked like circus clowns getting out of a VW a few times...Anyway, the lobby is on the 8th floor and that's where you'll find a Starbucks, shopping and a restaurant and bar. There is the View bar at the top (or close?) of the hotel and it moves....ever so slowly...but there was a line of probably 30 people waiting and it seemed to be a big hit. We had a few nice drinks but didn't eat so I can't comment on the food. There is also another Starbuck's on the first floor as well.The first floor let's you out in every direction, so it's nice you don't have to walk around an entire block to go in/out. Everything and anything you can think of that you want to see is in walking distance (this IS New York - so bring your comfortable walking shoes!!!!!!) The Lion King theatre is across the street, as is the one that Katie Holmes is starring in now. There were tons of people hoping for a Mr. and Mrs. Cruise sighting - so be prepared for larger than average crowds in front of this theatre!If you go out the Broadway door, maybe you'll get to see the Naked Cowboy! This is where he hangs out (ew!) and there is always quite a crowd around him as well.A quick tip....We had purchased a New York Pass and did the hop on/hop off CitySights open top bus tour - which is a bit corny but it was really nice. We also did the Circle Line cruise to the Statue of Liberty - that was very cool. If you intend on spending a few days going to several sights, I do recommend buying a pass. Our three-day pass got us into several museums, the bus rides, the cruise and the Empire State building - all included in one price. It was very handy.Back to the hotel....They did a great job with Wine Specator event - we were amazed at how quickly they transformed the ballroom spaces. The staff was professional and friendly and it didn't seem like we were just another event - so kudos to everyone.Some people have mentioned how busy the hotel is or how busy the streets are by the hotel. Um, this is TIMES SQUARE! If you want a peaceful, boutique-y stay....go to Tribeca. If you want to walk out your door and be in the thick of things....the Marquis is a great base camp for what I'm sure will be a great New York experience!Happy Travels!LisaMinneapolis  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	2	

<Author>Mac7471
<Content>If you want the buzz of NYC....stay here! I've been to NY many times and nearly always stayed somewhere different. My favourite is probably the Waldorf Astoria but that went downhill after Hilton took over (although I understand it's now on the way back up). I found the Marquis on my very first stay whilst based at another hotel and back in those days the broadway lounge was a revolving bar. Today it's static, still with a great view, but I'll never understand why they introduced a revolving restaurant on the top floor of the hotel from which you can't actually see Times Square! I've recommended this hotel to friends and colleagues so I decided to give it a go myself this time and I have mixed feelings. It's in a great location and you really feel the buzz of NYC staying here. The rooms are modern and large which is another bonus in this town. They come with a coffee maker (also rare) and huge flat screen TVs. Good amenities and two Starbucks in the hotel plus a theatre ticket desk and even it's own theatre....so it pretty much has everything you need in shopping trip to the Big Apple. However, it's a massive hotel so it lacks character, the elevator system has been designed to cope (although some people don't like it, I thought it was fine) and, except for one concierge who was really helpful, the staff weren't that great. If you want the personal touch stay somewhere else but if you want bright lights, big city, this just might work for you.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>mistralksk
<Content>Unsafe Hotel. I can not recommend it.       Views from the room  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	2	2	1	

<Author>pollyGwent
<Content>Its sooo NYC!! My daughter and I stayed at the Marriott Marquis for 3 nights as the base for our shopping trip. We knew from previous trips that the location would be good but the whole experience was in fact excellent. Friendly staff, nice spacious room with 2 double beds guaranteed at time of booking. Good facilities withing hotel, including very good gym...if you have that much energy...good luck!Easy access to attractions, shops, ticket booth for Broadway shows and subway. An excellent all round stay.Would certainly use the hotel again.Only downside for us was that they wanted $30 per hour to keep your room on passed midday and I thought that was a bit excessive. So we just left the luggage with a very friendly bell boy and headed out for our final days holiday...no problems at all.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>lemonska
<Content>Loved it! Clean and in the middle of Times Square!       Serendipity  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SLY4420
<Content>Awesome Hotel       AWESOME view from the room!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>beddybreakky
<Content>An "Experience" Alright, this hotel was very good in some ways, but bad in others. Lets start with the bad. The hotel is extremely large and seems to be an epicentre for what is going on in Times Square. If you like to be in the middle of things, this hotel is fantastic, but if not, it is very crowded. It can be near impossible to get a lift up to your room from the street level because of the hundreds of people trying to get to the times square shows under the hotel. With it being a large hotel, I was suprised to discover the lack of restauraunts. There was one marriott cafe that closed at 8:30 (NOT HELPFUL, especially after wanting as much time out in NY as possible) and an extremely over priced show case restauraunt on top of the hotel, that revolved around in useless circles so that you could see NY, but really you could see nothing. The food served there was probably worth a quarter of the price charged, and had EXTREMELY slow service, which the waiter gave me attitude about and blamed in on another large group. Needless to say, I am an Australian and am not used to leaving tips at the best of times, so this guy was not going well. After that experience I left a very small tip and never went back. Be careful as they try to pull the trick of putting an AUTOMATIC 18%!!!!!!! surcharge on the bill if u have more than 4 people. We had 5, so the $500 bill for the trash we ate went up t0 590. Rediculous! Moving on. Being a large hotel, service was lacking slightly, and it took a long time to get anything. Putting that aside, it was a top quality Marriott. The room I stayed in was newly furnished, with new TV and had a fantastic view over times square. Saying that, LOCATION LOCATION BABY!!!! This hotel is fantastc. Right in the middle of everything, walk out the door and Times Square just hits you. A great place. So, to wrap it up. A busy hotel, but to expected in Times Square, bad food in typical marriott fashion, but a irreplacable location and a great room. It definately was an experience I will never forget.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	3	5	

<Author>SEARLINNEBECKS
<Content>Beautiful times square hotel The hotel is beautiful, the staff is knowledgeable and helpful, and the rooms are impeccable in cleanliness and comfort. As everything is with NYC, everything comes with a steep price tag, $7 for a bottle of water, but if you're on vacation, this centrally located hotel is well worth the money. It should actually be a 4 star rated hotel instead of a 3.5. Kudos to the staff and management for being on point, organized, and friendly.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ladybug5
<Content>Enjoyed the Marriott Marquis I recently stayed at the Marriott Marquis before a 10 day Canada/New England Cruise. The hotel has a great location and is in walking distance to Cental Park as well. The room was comfortable. We stayed on the 32 floor with a nice view of the city and part of Times Square. The service was great. The bed comfortable and the bathroom a nice size. The tv was new and had a great picture. I would stay here again if in the area. I would say that I like staying in the Central Park area a little better over the hustle and bustle of Times Square.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>jonboy123456
<Content>Blissful room, service lacking somewhat we stayed for 4 nights. had a king room on the 22nd floor looking right down onto times square - great! the room was huge, really comfy bed and sheets, cant fault the room at all. i did queue for 10 mins to check in as there was only 1 member of staff on duty (it was midnight) and when we came to check out, we left the bags in the room (having been assured that they would be brought down to left luggge) but when we returned 4 hours later, they were still in the room. To their credit, the situation was rectified immediately. 2 sour points on anotherwise perfect stay. Oh, other than the $9 bottle of stella in the hotel bar, with the barman not even offering to give me the $1 change from my $10 note - rather pricey by any standards.... So it gets a 4 out of 5, i would have gone for 4.5 out of 5 given the option. But given the price (拢250 per room per nignt), you expect the best , with no excuses. I thoroughly recommend this place, great location too!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>nradovsky
<Content>OK but not great - I was surprized I stayed at this hotel two years ago and had a great experience. So, this year when I checked the rates ($500/night) I thought 鈥?well, it鈥檚 REALLY expensive, but it鈥檚 worth it.I think this hotel has some renovated and some old rooms. The room I stayed in two years ago had everything new in it. The room this year was old and worn-off. The linens on one of the beds were so worn off 鈥?there was a hole in a sheet. I was really disappointed 鈥?for $500/night it鈥檚 NOT acceptable.The staff was helpful and apologized, offered me free breakfast to compensate for this inconvenience. But this is suppose to be a high-class hotel and I was genuinely disappointed.The location is hard to beat though.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	4	3	3	

<Author>kacki_8
<Content>OK, but not great OK. Very big and nice room. Clean and had everything needed and service was good. However, the place doesn't have any charm. Just a very big and busy hotel. The location is indeed close to many of the things we wanted to see and do, but after a long day walking around the city and seeing the sights I would have preferred a quieter and more relaxing place to stay.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	3	4	2	4	4	

<Author>simpaul
<Content>Best hotel in the world!! Unbelievable stay, we stayed here as the first part of our honeymoon and it was amazing. Without a doubt 3 of the best days of our lives. Firstly the location is amazing, you step out and Times Square just hits you. Everything is fairry close although some areas you would need to get a taxi to but we decided to walk to most of the places especially the great shops which my wife loved (wonder why!!). The service was topnotch, always helpful and respectful throughout our stay and they met all our needs.The restaurants were beautiful too with lots of choice. I'm sure anyone would be spoilt for choice.Visually the hotel is amazing, lifts were fast and eye catching. Room was beautifully decorated and very spacious.All in all can't knock the hotel for anything, amazing hotel in a amazing location  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>apoloniaBuzios
<Content>huge too big, too unpersonal no charm  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	-1	4	

<Author>tonywdw89
<Content>great hotel Hi, just got back to UK from 5 nights at MARRIOT MARQUIS, what a great hotel, from checking in (5 mins) to checking out (2 mins) it was a great experience, we were given a room overlooking times square by just asking for the best they could give at the price we paid. The room was spacious and very clean, and very prompt service whenever we rang reception(dressing gowns,firm pillows etc), i would go back in an instant.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ks3804
<Content>A great first NYC experience We stayed here over a long weekend in early April '08. Check in was fast and stress-free (there was a line when we arrived but it moved quickly) and the staff was very welcoming. Our room was ready right away (well before the official check in time), and was clean and spacious, very little to argue with there. There's several food options there if you feel like staying in at any point on your trip -- we ate at the restaurant on the top floor (which was decent but expensive), as well as one of the restaurants on a lower floor for breakfast and the lounge for drinks (again, both were good and the revolving lounge is fun, but both, like many places in NYC, are a little pricey.) The location is a huge selling point for this place and for first-timers in NYC like we were it was a good place to be based (you have Times Square obviously right outside your door, and we were able to easily walk to a lot of sights like the Museum of Modern Art -- but keep in mind that we are both healthy young adults with no children so your mileage may vary.) Getting to the subway from the hotel was also easy. The only thing I can't really comment on is the price of the room, since we were able to stay mostly on Marriott rewards program points and therefore got a really good deal. All in all, I would book this place with confidence and recommend it to others.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jonmatson
<Content>Unimpressed If you are looking for a relaxing, friendly, classy hotel, this is not the place you should stay. First of all, it is in a very noisy area, with construction everywhere and noise all around you. Secondly, it is not a very pretty hotel. It looks like is should be in Kansas City, not the New York City. I really has no class at all, basically just casino carpets everywhere, large unmemorable rooms with bad lighting and a really confusing elevator system that jams up on the bottom floor often. I felt like I was in a really tacky Vegas casino to tell you truth. I would not stay here again unless I absolutely had to. The food was incredibly expensive. For a plate of nachos, two small cokes a ice tea we paid about fifty dollars room service. The melted Velveeta cheese was hardly worth the price. When there was a dispute about the bill, they locked us out of our room without talking to us first. The funny thing was our company was paying for everything and there were credit card issues which we had nothing to do with, and they locked us out of the room anyway. The employees are basically disinterested in servicing their clients, and are just there to collect a paycheck. All in all, a bad choice for a city stay.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	3	3	3	

<Author>sunfunworshipper
<Content>What a Great Stay! I have returned from a short trip to New York City recently and I must say that the Marriot Marquis was a great choice for our trip. I took my 11 year old son and he, too, enjoyed this trip even though we were not near a beach. The room was fabulous and spacious and clean. The hotel picturesof their rooms on the websites are true to what we had. Our view overlooking Times Square was very scenic--everything that I have seen in so many television images. I found that evey staff member I came in contact with was very polite,service oriented as well as helpful. My only problem I had was not enough hot water for my shower one day, but with so many guests, I was not surprised and did not have the problem any other time. If you like being in the center of activity, walking to venues, and enjoying Broadway, then this is a great hotel for you. It has many guests but I never felt that I was in a hotel of its size. We could walk to all the places we wanted to go or take the subway very easily. Our only taxi rides were to and from the airport. The hotel price is expensive but all the hotels I considered had similar or greater price point and I feel that I certainly got value for the dollars I spent. I would certainly stay at the Marquis on future visits.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BuffaloAmy
<Content>Another great stay!       TV and work desk  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>NilesD72
<Content>A city in a city with great location       View from the Room  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	5	4	2	4	3	

<Author>Samee-Judge
<Content>Big, Great Location, Service Okay, $$$$$ This is a good hotel for business, or a quick trip to NYC. It's not a resort, other than the fitness center (which is great), there is not much to do in the hotel. This hotel is big, and the elevators can be slow. Check-in is on the 8th floor and it was efficient. My room on the 38th floor was clean, and pretty good size, with a king size bed and sofa bed. Maid service was good. I did have one problem with the an electrical outlet in the room. I called and reported it in the morning, but it was not fixed when I returned in the evening. Other than that everything in the room worked well. The toilets are loud, and you can here others flush.The fitness center is great. A lot of equipment. The club lounge on the 30th floor is big, and a nice assortment of food and beverages available for reward members or those willing to pay for the access. I had breakfast in their coffee shop one morning at it cost about $100.00 for four persons. It is NYC. The staff is friendly, but the hotel is so big, you don't get the high touch service you might find at other Marriott's. Oh, and carry a lot of dollar bills with you because everytime someone does something for you they expect a tip. It is NYC. One last thing. Leave yourself enought time to get out of the city to the airports. It took an hour to get to LGA at noon on a Wednesday. Although, check-in and getting through security at LGA took 15min at the Delta Terminal. Not sure if that's normal, or I just hit it at the right time.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	5	2	-1	

<Author>Fenway7
<Content>Great central NYC location! There's no better place to stay if you want to be right in the middle of it all! Smack in the middle of the wonderful chaos that is Times Square, mere feet away from the best of Broadway (including the half-price ticket line), and subway stations. Walking distance to Rockefeller center, Central Park, and other top NYC destinations! Of course this location means sirens and honking taxicabs at all hours, as well as hoards of pedestrians and tourists filling every inch of the sidewalk. Don't stay here if you're looking for peace and quiet, although I must say the windows are fairly successful at keeping out all the noise. The rotating restaurant on the roof is a must-see, even if just for drinks. It's too bad they took out the rotating cafe on the main lobby floor, but the new renovations and additional restaurants are wonderful! Weekend brunch is a pretty good value too, especially since the restaurants right outside your door are incredibly overpriced. Get out of Times Square if you're looking for a more authentic NYC experience. The Marriott Marquis can't be beat though if you want to stay right in Times Square/Broadway!! I've stayed here many times, with family and for business, and I keep coming back.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>swisstourist
<Content>Great hotel, nice clean large rooms...       view of the bathroom  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SSBS
<Content>Great location We stayed at the Marriot Marquis for our last night in NY. You could not get a better location than this and the hotel is great. The room was lovely (no view onto Times Square though), clean and quiet. Though as with every major hotel chain, be prepared for everything else to cost you extra! Staff professional and helpful, though could do with being a little friendlier - have your tips at the ready or beware! The pod lifts are great fun - but keep your eyes closed if you dont have a head for heights!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Tubbhead
<Content>Marriott Marquis a disappointment My husband and I stayed there for 3 nights from Aug 17 to 20. Fortunately he was attending a conference there so we had a conference rate of $292 per night which is really good for New York and the location.We were disappointed with the Marriott which is the 4th hotel we've stayed at in Manhattan. Although all the rooms were non-smoking, I am convinced our's used to be a smoking room as you could smell it the second you walked in the room. They should repaint and replace the carpet to get rid of the smell. Size of the room was okay though although the 2 beds seemed a bit smaller than queen - they felt like doubles.We were on a higher floor facing north with a view of Broadway which was nice. The toilets are extremely loud - louder than airplane toilets. We could hear the toilet in the room above us flush every time it was used which is horrible for what's supposed to be a high end hotel. Otherwise the room was quiet. Bathroom was a good size and lots of counterspace. My husband likes to have coffee in the morning and there was a coffee maker and coffee but no sugar or whiteners so I guess it's only for those who like their coffee black.As previous reviewers wrote the elevator system was much too slow at times.Theoritically well-located in New York it is a major hassle to get around. The subway is only 3 blocks away but with the crowds it takes 15 mins to get there. We've stayed on the east side before (Waldorf, Affinia Dumont) and the subway lines are just as convenient and so much less of a hassle to get to. Marriott's location is only really convenient for theatre buffs. Ate at Encore - one of the hotel restaurants for a 'quick' lunch and ordered a simple flatbread pizza. It took 30-40 mins for me to get it - I think they forgot or made a mistake. In the end, I think they realized it was unacceptable and they didn't charge me. Really impersonal hotel - never felt valued as a guest.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>TintininOz
<Content>A memorable experience!       times square at night  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>sdsansky
<Content>Marriott Marquis Times Square -Great Location for Tourists I spent 2 nights this past week at the Marquis. I was in NYC for a training and spent a Wednesday  Thursday night. I got a government rate due to my job so my rate was significantly cheaper than the going rate and I booked directly through Marriott.com.I took Amtrak in to Penn Station and I am pretty comfortable traveling around NYC so I took the subway, 1 stop to Times Square and then a couple block walk to the hotel. The check-in desk in on the 8th floor which was a bit odd, but no big deal. Check-in was far and away the worst part of the whole stay. 3 clerks were working when I arrived, each was busy. A line formed behind me as we waited for our turn. 2 of the 3 clerks were dealing with different problems with the guests. The 3rd clerk finally finished with their guest and told us to wait for someone else, and he walked away. That was really annoying. I proceeded to wait a total of 15 minutes before I was checked in. Too long to wait at 8pm at night after traveling and with luggage. (Frankly, too long to wait any time of the day!) The clerk who checked me in did not impress me with his customer service, but I wouldn't call him rude.My room was on the 39th floor, 2 Queen Sized beds. The elevator was a little slow for me since I was on one of the top floors. Someone has to stay on those floors, though-right? My room was impecably clean. The bath products were Bath  Body Works. There were 4 fluffy towels in my room. There was also a coffee maker which I didn't use.Large flat screen LCD TV was great, got most channels I wanted except no Food Network or Comedy Central. Oh well, not there to watch TV but they are basic cable channels so I was disappointed. The view was of Times Square and I didn't even shut the black out curtains at night. The view was great and the lights did not bother me at all.The bed was comfortable, the pillows were a little bit mushy for my taste, but workable. There was an i-Pod docking station/alarm clock which I thought was a nice touch.The internet was WIRED and cost $16.95/day-at least it should have been wireless at that price! What a rip-off. And it goes noon to noon not 24 hours from when you purchase. I was NOT impressed with that. I like to sit on my bed and do work when I travel as many others do, but that wasn't possible with wired access. I was able to pull it close enough to put my feet up on a bed but that was it. The connection speed was mediocre at best. Again for the price it should have been much better. So that was a little disappointing.The AC was fine, I like the room pretty cool so it was hard for me to tell if the AC wasn't working well or it was me. The room was around 67 the whole time, I would have preferred 65.With my TV on I couldn't hear anyone else in surrounding rooms. There is a Starbucks on the 8th and 1st floors of this hotel as well as numerous restaurants. For $10 I was able to eat a decent Starbucks breakfast each day of my stay as compared to the hotel restaraunt buffet at $28pp plus tax and gratuity. (Welcome to New York my friends!) The cheapest thing on the a la carte breakfast menu was a $10 fruit cup! So Starbucks it is! The room service menu was as expensive as can be expected, but you are in NYC, in an expensive hotel and in the middle of Times Square. There is however a shop on the 8th floor of the hotel, honestly the prices were much more reasonable than I expected in the shop. Snacks, soft drinks and gift items. You can eat for less money in this area, but you really have to look for it. There is a deli on the corner of 49th/Broadway with great sandwiches-$10 for lunch...So all in all the room was clean, I slept well. I don't think I would have stayed here at the $400+ a night rate, but for $210 a night it was fine. Very upscale for foreign tourists and high-end business class. With my little ol' government rate I didn't quite fit here, but that was ok. Very convenient to where I needed to be.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	1	-1	2	

<Author>flourgal
<Content>Had a Great Time at the Marriott Marquis!       View from Room - 28th Floor  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pulcher
<Content>Great Location but Hotel disappointing Mixed views about the Marriott Marquis. On the plus side, the location on Times Square cannot be beaten. The elevators are great fun and my teenage son loved them. The hotel is mostly what you would expect from a modern, impersonal city hotel. There was a wait at the check in and the hotel was very busy. I booked a Times Square room, but was very disappointed to get the side of the hotel next to a construction site. A very tall crane dominated the view from our window and so spoilt our view of Times Square. As it was the weekend, so there was no work going on, but from our room it looked as if the crane could swing through our window. We should have been warned about this and offered an alternative. The room decor and the bathroom were somewhat tatty for a hotel of this class and I was suprised that there was no fridge or mini bar. We had a room with two queen beds. One of the beds was extremely soft and so uncomfortable that neither my husband or I could sleep. The other bed seemd OK. I asked if the matress could be changed - they refused saying they did not have a spare and could not swap with another room because the hotel was full. They only offered a board for the bed. My son ended up on the very soft bed- and we had the other, but that's not the point - we should have had two comfortable beds in the room.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	2	3	2	

<Author>kiranMumbai
<Content>Never Stay At This Hotel its just not very up to date standard hotel. its a2star grade hotel every thing is old even the rooms and bathroom looks like th the 80s hotels i would advice all the tourist with family dont expect to much just very very very little of this hotel. espacialy tourist from asia is a rude shock for us hotel is a ripp off  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	2	2	

<Author>finderSpain
<Content>Great Location , lousy service , impersonal, will not coma back Stayed in august for 5 days. Location is great if you like to be surrounded by lights and people. For the price paid , I found it to be a low value. Everything takes for ever including elevators , room service , picking up of the phones. Internet in the room has to be paid for. Noon to noon, not 24 hours. For what they charge it should be included in the price for everyone. Room was smelly (I had two rooms and both were) although I must say the air condition worked well. Too many people everywhere in the hotel, very crowded. In such a hotel, where there are so many people and many have to take early flights, there is no room service 24 hours, I had a morning flight and could not order in room breakfast. Not even a cup of tea. The cleanliness of the room was okay when I arrived, but for the days I stayed, they did not clean very well.Some of the staff is rude, while some is okay, but this is not acceptable in a hotel like this. If you want to print emails, you have to go to the bussiness center, pay 8 dollars for 15 minutes of internet and print your emails. This is a total ripoff. They dont even have complimentary water, it has to be paid for, they have a couple of bottles in the room at exhorbitant prices.No mini bar in the room in ahotel of this category.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	1	2	2	2	

<Author>triptaker40
<Content>Dissed and Dismissed!!! Make certain you take pictures of your vehicle BEFORE you turn it over to the parking staff. They scratched the back of my daughter's first car, although not brand new with slight damage, and refuse to pay for their damage. Their claims office outright accused us of not knowing the difference of how our car is supposed to look!I may stay at the hotel, but I will never let them handle my car!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>1	2	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pia75
<Content>Great! But skip the restaurant We stayed three nights at this hotel, and I gotta say - location, location, location!When you get out from the hotels lifts you find yourself right there, on Times Square.Rooms: We had a great room on the 36th floor. The room was good sized, and had a great king sized bed. We had a lovely view over Manhattan, and if we got bored from that, the 50Intch HD-screen TV was also nice.The lifts alone is a good reason to see this hotel, but the room really did live up to the standard that the building sets.The bathroom was a bit out of date style-wise, but it was big, clean, and had great shampoo and stuff, wich is nice.Breakfast: Well, there is none - not included. But New York has one million great places for breakfast, so no truble at all. If you don't want to walk out of your hotel (?), there are some Starbucks and cafees where you can get some breakfast.Service: Great - all the way from checking in - til the room service. The consierge was brilliant, and led us to some great restaurants - outside the hotel.The only downside, if you can all it that, at this hotel - is the restaurant - The View.the food is less then avarage, the price is way over - and you feel as if you are in a factory. the service here is also crap, no smiles, no personal feeling.the view, as the name inclines, is great. But you can see that from the bar upstairs. My advice is - use the bar, skip the restaurant!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bdcil
<Content>Best Location in New York We stayed at the Marriott Marquis Jul 19-22 for $341/night. This for me has the best location in Times Square. Our room overlooked Broadway and the Virgin Records store. The hotel is in the center of everything that we cared for. We walked pretty much to all the places we wanted to visit: Empire State, Rockefeller Plaza, Central Park, Madison Ave., St. Pat's Cathedral, etc. This is our 1st time in New York and with our 3 kids, just loved to be in the middle of everything. The room is regular sized for a non NY hotel-which means it is big compared to an average NY hotel room. We stayed at a room with 2 doubles and a rollaway bed, and the room did not feel cramped at all. There was still plenty of space around. Loved the elevator system!!! We didn't have to wait long for it. We were on the 28th flr and it was so quick to go up and down since you do not have to stop at every floor. Valet and bellhop services are quick, though the $65 daily parking fee for an SUV is spretty steep esp. since there are no in and out privilages. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>LeeLee33
<Content>Great Stay! Busy Location! Just got back from another fabulous trip to NYC and pleasantly surprised by the Marriott Marquis. Upon check-in the staff was very helpful and accommodating by allowing us to check in early after a long red eye flight. Our room was very clean, quiet and well designed. The TV was a plasma HD type on a swivel base for easy viewing. There was also a very nice AV switching device to accommodate portable players. The bed was most comfortable and the shower head was one that covers your entire body without the extreme over spray everywhere. The tub drainage was also well designed so as there was no standing water in the tub as you shower.The elevator system was extremely efficient for such a large hotel in that you make the selection, are directed to a lettered elevator which takes you to your floor. None of the interruptions of button pushers or multiple stops other than those who were directed to this elevator. The hotel couldn't be better in terms of location to Time Square and popular sites. Just be prepared to endure the hoards of tourists and loitering do-nothings who plague most big cities. The Concierge and hotel staff were most helpful when asked directions and the bell personnel were quick with the luggage. Absolutely no wait for a cab either. We will most definitely use this hotel for our future stays.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>patty4645
<Content>Loved the Marriott Marquis! My daughter and I stayed at the Marriott Marquis on July 17,18 and left the 19th (2008). We stayed on the 32nd floor.We loved everything about the hotel. We have nothing negative to report.The room was clean, the staff were kind and courteous, the beds were comfortable and the location was perfect, right in the heart of Time Square. The elevators of course, were fabulous!We would stay there again if we were to travel back to NYC. Thanks, Marriott Marquis!Patty from Bay Village, Ohio  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chilternwelshman
<Content>Love it, hate it! Huge, soulless, impersonal place; dingy rooms, dated decor; bar often full of hearties from the vast conferences it accommodates ... ... ... ... but I still keep going back - typically every 8 weeks or so.The place is efficient. It's in the ideal location for the various offices I need to get to (and obviously at the centre of the NY action being right on Times Square). Perhaps the main plus point is that the beds are amongst the most comfortable I've experienced - and I do little more there than sleep.  ... ... and there's a certain fascination in watching newcomers to the hotel fail to cope with the lift/elevator system!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>aandjSydney
<Content>Good Choice in Times Square We stayed here for 3 nights using Marriott Rewards points. The rooms are large for New York standards but the decor is just okay. The elevator system was fantastic. We never had to wait more than a minute. The room service is expensive and very ordinary. I would not recommend it. Beware, local calls are not free.There is also no free wireless internet. The hotel is in a great location if you want to be in the heart of Times Square.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	2	2	

<Author>mccarolinagirl
<Content>The best What a great hotel. We stayed here July 14th-17th as a surprise for my daughter who turned 16 the day we arrived. It was everything we were looking for. The theaters are very close, Taxi's drop you off and pick you up under a covered area just for Marriott guests. Shopping really close (5th ave, MM store, Elements, MTV...) The rooms are large and the beds are very comfortable (I have fibromyalgia so this is really important to me) The rooms are also very quiet. The elevators are a site to see and the system they use works really well. There are about 8 or 10 elevators. You punch in you floor number on the wall before you get into the elevator and it tells you which elevator to go on to get there quicker. They have a conciere service to help you plan your day. We did not have a flight out of NYC until 8:30 pm so they let us have late check out (1:00 pm) and they stored our bags and had them brought for us in the taxi area and summoned the taxi for us. We really appreciated this because we left the hotel around 5:30 (peak traffic time) We went to the View at the top of the Hotel for drinks one night and to the hotel lounge. Great views of NYC and Times Square. Near the lounge area is a store and a place to get Sushi (something my daughter loves) We had a great stay and would definitely stay again for the location and the experience.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Melwyjak
<Content>Another Great Review of the Marquis I picked this hotel after reading the great reviews here because I thought it would be more memorable for my 10-year-old鈥檚 first visit to NYC. We spent 2 nights on our way to New England. We had no trouble valet parking the car - it was fast and smooth. Someone took our bags which were delivered to our room. I already knew the lobby was on the 8th floor and read how to use the elevators so we were out of our car and checked in our room in 10 minutes. I don鈥檛 understand how anyone can complain about the elevators 鈥?we never waited more than a minute and we were told the hotel was at full capacity. As has been previously stated, you enter the floor you want to go to and it directs you to the appropriate elevator. It works brilliantly.We were on the 19th floor with a great view of Time Square (didn鈥檛 pay extra). When we travel with our kids, we usually get a suite but our double/double room was very comfortable for the 4 of us. We had two comfy double beds and my husband and I slept with one child each very comfortably. There was a large flat-screen HDTV, a large desk for the laptop and two easy chairs w/ table by the large windows. The tub in the bathroom was huge 鈥?I love to take a good bath and this was very comfortable. The room set-up is nice because the bath and closet are separated from the main room so you can change privately, etc. We were amazed at how quiet it was 鈥?did not hear any hotel noise from neighbors or in the hallway. It鈥檚 a huge hotel but it never felt crowded. I didn鈥檛 notice much security in the lobby and wonder how they keep people out. If I was traveling alone, I might not like this place but it was fine for this trip with family. My husband used the health club both days and said it was amazing. He saw Manny Ramirez of the Boston Red Sox working out which made his day.We knew there was no overpriced mini-bar frig but the room had a nice ice bucket and we kept it filled with ice and sodas/water. You can rent a frig if you want. There is one of those single-cup coffee machines in the roof but I went down to Starbucks (2 onsite) or to the over-priced gift store where you can buy a $2.50 soda鈥t is NYC so you can鈥檛 let that stuff get to you. I enjoyed a $12 margarita in the Broadway Lounge. Great views and we had good service. There are several grocery stores around the corner on 8th Ave.The foot traffic was typically crazy in Time Square so we often took 8th Ave to avoid the crowds. Central Park was an easy 15-minute walk, Rockefeller Center is 5 minutes and the Empire State 15-20-minute walk. We felt the Central Park Zoo and Amusement Center were over-rated but the kids loved the playgrounds. The location was central to most everything we wanted to do. Checking out was a breeze. We presented our valet ticket and our vehicle was up in 2 minutes. I knew ahead it was going to cost extra for our large SUV but it was worth every penny to park onsite. I stayed at the Trump International last year and spent twice as much and liked this place better.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alibeth
<Content>Definetly a hotel for tourists in the big apple! We booked this hotel after leaving the Jumeirah Essex hotel wanting to stay 1/2 of the time near Central Park and 1/2 near Times Square. It's a hotel you must stay at if you're a tourist in NYC. Why? Because there is a taxi pick up area right in the hotel just for Marriott guests. Otherwise good luck getting a taxi in Times Square. Also you have the ticket booth for broadway shows right outside your door for 50% off or the regular tickets right in the hotel. Starbucks is in the hotel which, believe me, is an easier way of getting coffee than finding a place in Times Square. Kevin and Robert, who checked us in, did everything to get us a connecting room since we had two rooms. Great Job! We got a rate that included breakfast, plus pancakes and waffles. Good buffet. You'll leave here not knowing how they run the place with all those people. Concierge polite and gave us directions every time we wanted to go somewhere. It takes a while to get your room cleaned but you can understand why with all the people. Elevator system is confusing at first, but after a while you'll get the hang of it. You push which floor you want and then it tells you alphabetically which elevator to get on. Time Square is really busy if you like crowds and the Marriott Marquis is in the middle of it. If you're looking for great pizza, John's pizza is only a block away and one of the best in NY.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>Wilson
<Content>Perfect city centre hotel Stayed at the Marriott Marquis in July 2008. Yes, it's a massive hotel and yes you have to get to the eighth floor to book in but in our oplinion it is just what a modern city centre hotel should be., And it could not be more central. Of course the food isn't cheap but there are plenty of delis and Irish bars in the immediate vicinity,all serv ing excellent food at reasonab le prices. The rooms are spacious, elegant and comfortable. The big flat screen TV adds to the enjoyment. We stayed at the Sheraton Tower last year and in our opinion the Marriott is ten times better in every respect. An earlier TA member complained about the lifts; they are now fully operational - just tap in your room number and the LCD display will tell you which lift to get; it worked in record time for us. Our next stay in New York will definitely be at the Marriott Marquis.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DoubleG828
<Content>For The Rich! My daughter had business to take care of in NYC from 7/3 - 7/8/2008. We stood at the Marriott Marquis. I must say it is definitely an outstanding beautiful hotel. The room was nothing spectular. Thank God my husband works for the Marriott hotels. I got the Associate Rate for this hotel. The room we had was not worth the usual rate they charge. Everything there is extremely priced. I ordered a glass of wine and was charged $15 for a glass. So, if you are not extremely well-off, do not stay here. The view was good. I faced the Hudson River. I saw the cruise ships come and go. The gym is great! The equipment is updated. They give you fruit and a towel to dry off. Bottle water in your room is $7.00. They do have microwaves for free. They will claim they don't but just say you have a baby and need to heat up the formula and you will receive one. You are in the heart of Broadway. TKTS is downstairs in the same hotel. But I must warn you - the line for TKTS starts around 6 am. Please don't get me wrong it is a gorgeous hotel and classy, but if you don't have money to burn then this is not the place for you. If and when I have money to burn, I would stay there again, but it is for the Rich and not for the Middle Class or Poor. But if you have it like that - then by all means, go for it and enjoy it. If you decide to stay there then book a Broadway View. I am glad I experienced it. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	5	1	-1	

<Author>Risaoa98
<Content>Excellent hotel I stayed at the Marriott Marquis while at a conference in May 2008. The location was excellent and the rooms were great. I have stayed at severaI hotels in NY; this one was the best. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ManorRoad
<Content>Top Quality A brief 'me too' to most of the reviews here - it really is a top quality hotel in an ideal location. Our room was spacious, and had an excellent view.I just wanted to mention two things:- the hotel advertises broadband in rooms, but does not say that you have to pay extra for it. We were staying for a week, and could not afford the costs just for occasional browsing for tickets or times- the price of the hotel is quite high: if you don't need a big room (we had two doubles to accommodate our children) you could probably do better  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dzyfan
<Content>great location If you are going to Times Square area this is the best place to stay. Right in the middle of it all. We were able to walk all the way to Central Park. Not that far. Rooms were big. Had 2 adults and 2 kids ages 17 and 12 plenty of room. Prices are high in resturant food ok. Eat at Juniors across the street. Good food and they give you alot. Great Cheesecake. Saw Mary Poppins show it was wonderful. Would see it again. No problems with the elevators. Very fast. Stayed from June 30th to July 4th. People everywhere. Would stay here again. No noise from the street. Were on the 42nd floor. Staff was very helpful and very nice.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Lissie303
<Content>Loved the staff at the Marriott!       2825 Bathroom  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Stella20
<Content>Magic at the Marquis I have just returned from a 5 night stay at the Marriott Marquis with my family which includes fifty somethings and 18-21 year olds and would thoroughly recommend it as the perfect place to stay for the first time visitor to New York. We all loved the location, comfort and sheer luxury of this hotel. The location, right in the middle of the Times Square area, was ideal for walking to the nearer must-see tourist attractions, such as the Empire State Building, Grand Central Station, Macy's, the Rockefeller Centre, Central Park and Broadway shows. It was also a dropping off point for the open-toppped tour buses when you want to go further afield. We made full use of a 2 day pass on the Grayline buses to explore Chinatown, Little Italy, Greenwich Village, Harlem, Brooklyn and the Seaport district. One of the highlights of our visit was the night tour - the view of the Manhattan skyline and the bridges at dusk was sheer magic! The hotel also impressed us with the clean, comfortable and spacious rooms and the helpfulness of all the staff we encountered. From the people on the ground floor who arranged the luggage and taxis to the courteous receptionist who organised 3 rooms close together with good views to the chambermaids and waitresses who looked after our needs after exhausting days sightseeing everyone was polite and friendly (and we found the tipping system easy to manage, no-one seemed to expect huge amounts).The elevator system worked well for us, we never waited more than about 30 seconds even on peak times and the views were great.One point - I have seen many tourists asking about taxis and airport transport - we were a party of 5 adults and had no problems in getting a yellow cab to and from JFK at a set rate of 45 dollars + toll and tip. The hotel organised this when we left and also stored our bags for the day as we had an evening flight.We enjoyed a visit to the View restaurant at the top of the hotel - about 8-9 is best to get a full revolution and see the lights come on and the sunset over NY. This, plus walking the Brooklyn Bridge and the night bus tour were our favourite memories of our trip - New York at all levels! We would all love to return, preferably in December to see the city in a different season and would definitely stay at the Marquis again. Hope this review is helpful and enjoy your holiday as much as we did!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MFLetou
<Content>A pleasant stay in the heart of Times Square We stayed at the New York Marriott Marquis for three nights over a recent (busy) weekend in New York (in fact, the hotel was sold out one of the nights, no small feat for such a huge facility). We had also considered the Renaissance Times Square, but ended up pleased with our choice.First of all, the hotel is literally in the middle of Times Square, which has its pluses and minuses. On the positive side, nothing can beat the scene--or the view from many of the rooms--of the flashing neon and people. Times Square is an excellent location for tourists because its the middle of the city, with easy access to most subway lines that can take you downtown or uptown. A cab ride to Greenwich Village was about 10-12 minutes.On the negative side, the rush of the crowd right outside the doors does get to be a bit overwhelming and annoying--you've really got to fight your way just to get back to the hotel, even late at night. But for the purposes of our trip, which was a nice getaway (without the kid) for the weekend, it served us well.The hotel itself is rather stunning inside due to the large atrium. Considering the size of the place, most things are efficient--the high tech elevator system works very well, check in moves quickly.Room quality itself actually exceeded my expections. We were placed on the 30th floor (concierge level) with a king room facing the north side of Times Square. The size of the room was about standard for a hotel, which is above average for New York City. The furniture was new and in good condition. There was a 40 inch LG LCD tv. Sofa and bed were all in good shape. The bathroom was not spectacular but the shower was modern. The room had floor to ceiing windows to showcase the view.There were two negatives about the room. The first was a rather musty sort of smell that was vaguely of smoke--now the whole hotel is smoke free. It wasn't overpowering or awful, and I do have a particularly sensitive nose for these things, but I nonetheless noted it. I ended up not changing rooms because we liked the location of it and everything else was fine, but I did give it some consideration.The second negative was light from the atrium (interior) side. The room was remarkably quiet given the location--exterior noise was highly muffled, and even the rooms themselves were unusually quiet for a hotel like this. There was, however, a great deal of light coming in from under the door which made the room rather bright. Now putting something by the door would easily take care of this, but I noted it anyway.Also note that there are no vending machines--however, complimentary water bottles are in the bathrooms. The maid service was unusually good---the room was very thoroughly cleaned each day. There was also turndown service, and all towels were replaced (we took showers in the afternoon after a morning of touring NYC) which was a nice touch.Overall, I would certainly recommend this hotel. If I visited New York on business every week, I may not want to stay here, but for tourists or visitors to midtown, its a very pleasant place to stay which uniquely good views and high quality rooms.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Tamghe
<Content>Awesome!!! I stayed at the Marriott June 30 - July 5. It was an awesome experiences. The rooms are larger than the Ritz hotels I've stayed at and the beds are even larger. The room are always kept neat and tidy. I found the staff to be quite friendly, helpful and polite.The elevators are efficient and speedy. Never had to wait more than 2 mintues for an elevator and there were never a lot of stops. They are quite similar to those at the Marriott Marquis in Atlanta. My room was on the 10th floor. I did not have a view but that was okay because I only slept on the room. You could not hear any noise from outside the room.I found the area to be expensive but that was expected. I ate at Juniors and Ruby Tuesday quite often. I also ate in the Encore Restaurant on site, the food was very good. I hope next time to eat in the revolving restaurant.Overall it was an awesome trip. It is easy to get around. I used the taxi mostly. I did not take the train although it would have been a lot cheaper. I have taken the trains before but always with a new yorker. Being from a very small island in the Caribbean I did not feel confident enough to take the trains and not get lost, especially when I was told that where I wanted to go I have would to change trains and stations. Shopping is good. I walked to 34th street and took the taxi to 10th and 57th avenue. The most I paid in taxi fare was $10.The Lion King show on broadway is awesome and the theatre is directly in front of the hotel.I would like to stay there again, the only deterrent is the price.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelinggirls2
<Content>Great Stay At The Marriot Marquis       Another Room view  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	3	3	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>Bellarina126
<Content>Seamless stay over holiday weekend First of all, let me preface this by saying that I come to New York at least once a year for vacation. I have stayed at several Times Square hotels, as well as The Plaza and other boutique hotels throughout Manhattan. I found the Marriott Marquis to be above average in every single aspect of my stay. I arrived at the hotel at 10:00am, fully expecting my room not to be ready. It wasn't, but they offered me a standard king room if I wanted to check in immediately. Since I don't spend much time in my room, I agreed. They gave me a room on the 43rd floor that looked down on everything in Times Square. Talk about a room with THE view. The elevator system was easy enough to use, and I appreciated the simplicity of it. No worries about kids pushing all the buttons in the elevator. Just put in your floor and it tells you which elevator to go. I never waited more than a few minutes. The glass elevator can be dizzying, but I just closed my eyes and waited till I arrived on my floor!The beds were incredible, and the room was a good size for Manhattan. I had a king size room, flat screen tv, small loveseat, and desk area with plenty of room to navigate around the room. The bathroom was also standard size. There were Bath and Body Works products in the bathroom, as well as lotion and mouthwash. The in-room internet was $16.95/day, which I think is pricey, considering the lower properties at Marriott and Hilton offer it for free, but it's typical. There are multiple subway stops within a short walking distance of the hotel, which is always a plus for me. Times Square is always crowded, so if you are looking for a quieter stay, you want to stay out of that area anyway. I couldn't hear any of the street noise in my room though, and the shades did an excellent job of blocking out the light. I did not have any problems with this stay, and I could certainly recommend it to anyone looking for a consistent hotel in the middle of everything.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dreadnaught_lover
<Content>Fantastic location, beautiful hotel What a magical place! Right in the heart of Times Square theater district, this place is outstanding, even if a bit pricey. It has a whimsical, yet classic decor and color scheme. The bed was the most comfortable I've ever encountered in my travels, and service throughout the hotel was first class. With a view of Broadway from high up, the best elevator system I've ever seen, staying at the Marquis was an unforgettable experience and worth the big splurge! I probably won't ever go back because it's expensive, but it's the perfect spot for a business trip or a romantic getaway!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aa-marc032
<Content>Great hotel We stayed in the Marquis the day after new year's eve. When we entered, we were amazed by the great looking hotel and this would only continue during our stay. Check-in was very smooth and I was happy to be there on associate rate, because the prices are very high. But that's to expect from a hotel located on Times Square. The room was very nice, with a bed as huge as a spaceship. Everything was inside and we had a excellent stay there. The employees were very friendly and the restaurant, which was suggested by the concierge to have breakfast, was excellent!The best feature of the hotel is it's location. Times Square is an amazing place to be and to explore the city from. All together an amazing hotel in the centre of NYC!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>eagene
<Content>Broadway's Best! I just stayed at the Marriott Marquis from June 26 - July 2. I couldn't have been more pleased with the location, service, or amenities. I Highly recommend this hotel for families or anyone who is primarily visiting to see Broadway shows. There are the best Broadway souvenir shops and the discount ticket window right outside the hotel doors. Many wonderful restaurants and bars are located within blocks. All in all, we had a fabulous stay with absolutely no complaints!Thank you Marriott.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>flyer101
<Content>Huge hotel but surprisingly good. Given the size of this hotel I must admit that I was unsure whether they could keep a good standard overall. However I found the the hotel surprisingly good.First of all the much discussed elevator issue seemed to be solved very good by them. Their system is unusual - having to select the floor beforehand and then being assigned to an elevator - but it worked very well. No long waiting and once in the elevator not many stops. Very good solution to what must be a challenge for them. The location is excellent - right in the middle of it all. At least if that's what one is looking for. Personally I might chose a hotel in a location a little bit off track again next time. But certainly you can't get much close to the hustle and bustle that Times Square is, if that's what you are looking for.The room was very good. Large, well maintained and clean. I was prepared for less given that in a hotel of this size they must be constantly renovating somewhere to keep this standard. Maybe a bit on the downside there was no real view from the room and the upgrade for Marriott Gold Elite was basically non-existant. Probably just to many Elites at this property and they of course want to sell the rooms with a good view at a premium if they can. So no real issue here.I did not try any of the restaurants at the hotel. There are to many great choices in walking distance - especially around 9th Avenue.Finally check-in was quick and efficient but also surprisingly friendly and personal. Again something I did not expect.Overall very high quality and an above average experience - though nothing truly outstanding. I might stay at the Marquis again if a very good hotel in the center of the action is what I'll be looking for.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>shastasheen
<Content>The best for New York City This was one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at! The location in Times Square was perfect for the hustle and bustle and it was easy to get to other parts of the city. Our room was a corner room and therefore it was HUGE! It had a sofa even and the bathroom was almost the size of a normal hotel in NYC. Our view of Times Square was really something to see and we liked falling asleep to the street sounds. Just about everything was perfect about the Marquis. However, I have two complaints. It is ridiculously overpriced, but so is everything else in NYC and the elevator situation needs to be fixed. Riding the elevator is like playing roulette and when it comes it is often times full.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>happynuts
<Content>Good! Will Come back Although I wasn't at the hotel all the time, I truly enjoyed the service and the atmosphere this hotel has. Little perks I want to share with any first timers. By the Elite Checkin area, there's a buffer table with little treats for Elite members. I gotten apples, candies and chocolate from there before. If you workout, there's always a bowl of apples near the front of the gym as well.Fruits are always good especially when you eat lots of NY greasy food during the day.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>roadtripblondie
<Content>Great Location Excellent location - Times Square, a block from subway station, excellent proximity to theaters. Hotel bar had nice atmosphere, great views, but pricey. Great workout facility. Clean hotel, comfortable rooms. Outlet for same day discounted Broadway tickets adjacent to hotel. I found staff to be helpful and friendly.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>HeidiRenee
<Content>Fantastic hotel in the center of it all! Our stay at the Marriott Marquis was wonderful. We have been to NYC before, but normally stay at the Embassy Suites or Double Tree. Check in was a breeze. We filled out their pre-stay request form. They had the room ready for us at 11 am eventhough check in wasn't until 3 or 4. We had a run of the house king on the 42nd floor. The room was still very large and comfortable by New York standards. The cleaning staff were excellent. All staff were willing to go the extra mile to assist us. All areas of the hotel were extremely clean. Dispite being a busy hotel the elevators were never a problem. The best part about the hotel was the location! You cannot beat it. Close to everything! It was great having the TKTS booth right downstairs. Most nights we went down around 7:00 pm and still were able to get tickets to the shows we wanted. We called the hotel directly and got a $240/night rate for 7 nights. Great hotel! Will definately stay there again!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>irenelizza
<Content>Best hotel in New York!! Amazing!!! This is the only hotel I will stay at in New York. Everyone was so nice and friendly. We checked in at 2 am because our flight came in so late and the check in lady Molinda was smiling and friendly and even sent up a chocolate cake and a present for my birthday in the morning! Huge hotel with the most central time square location. Our room had a great unobstructed view of times square. The TKTS booth is on the ground floor of the hotel. You don't hear any noise from the street though because the rooms start on the 9th floor. Rooms were the same size as most hotels I've been to elsewhere. Not small and not huge. Concierge could have been more friendly. Smiling is free. Definitely check out the coupons at the desk that give you percentages off everything from macy's to toys r us.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TimeOff00
<Content>Big and Beautiful The Marriott Marquis is an exciting Times Square hotel as big as the Big Apple and just as exciting. The room was very spacious, easily accommodating a rollaway bed along with 2 double beds. We were on the 23rd floor which blocked out almost all street noise. Rooms are very clean, well appointed, with a large plasma TV. The beds, pillows, and sheets were extremely comfortable. The elevators are outstanding and fun to ride. The 8th floor area also buzzes with fun with good restaurants and great views of Broadway.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Intrepid1
<Content>Another Excellent Stay With Some reservations Recently spent two nights at a discounted $250/night rate. Corner larger than average room with an unobstructed view of the Hudson. Usual excellent housekeeping, large flat screen TV, comfortable king bed, and furnishings in good repair.Room was ready upon arrival at 12:15 PM on a Friday afternoon.Only reservations: the breakfast buffet which is pricey (we already knew that) didn't seem to have very tasty food. No waffles or pancakes..just kinda tired French toast; OK omelet. Good, fast service however. Buffet at the nearby Crowne Plaza is better IMO.Always stay here since we normally travel to NYC to see shows and the location for Broadway theatres cannot be beat. Nearby Westin and Hilton Garden Inn would be possible alternatives as would the Renaissance across Times Square.Overall will almost undoubtedly stay again since we know what to expect.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>erik27
<Content>Amazing Marquis When we checked into this hotel we were given a room with atimes square view even though we didn't request it! We stayed on the 28th floor and the room was nice. It was agreat stay.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>Kunda Park
<Content>Another good review Just spent 4 nights at the Marriott Marquis and have nothing special to add to the other happy campers. It is a fabulous hotel, very large rooms, absolutely no problem with elevator delays, maybe those reviewers didn't know how to use the keypad. The longest we waited (twice in four days) was 2 or 3 minutes. Most times an elevator arrived in less than 20 seconds. Friendly, courteous staff, spotlessly clean, nice bedding and toiletries. We were part of a business group, and several of those who tried the hotel food were not impressed, especially the breakfast. We didn't eat in the hotel so can't offer our personal opinion. The table service in the Atrium Lounge (bar) was deadly slow, though. Fantastic location if you like being in the Times Square action, we were on Floor 17 and could still hear the sirens, horns, etc, but not enough to keep us awake. If you are planning to visit the Guggenheim, wait until after June 27th. The outside AND inside is under construction for a special exhibit and there are only 2 small side galleries open, not worth looking at.We had good food at Bond 45 (at Broadway  45th), at Connolly's Pub (ditto), good super-fast breakfast at Cafe Edison (inside Hotel Edison on 46th  Broadway, I think) -- the best oatmeal I ever had anywhere and good pancakes or waffles. Stay away from their eggs and ham, though. You can skip Junior's Bakery right across from the hotel -- both the take-out pastries and sit-down breakfasts were disappointing and not worth the hype. The best meal we had was at The Cancun Mexican Restaurant on 8th Ave between 56th  55th. Killer frozen margaritas too!If you take the subway, especially down to WTC and Financial District, be sure to ask the booth attendant which train to take. The stop we wanted was closed for construction and we ended up in Brooklyn. The last time we were in NYC was over 20 years ago, and I have to tip my hat to ex-Mayor Rudy Guliani. The difference is amazing. First of all, the people are much friendlier and open than they were before, very proud of their city and happy to direct and offer tips to tourists. There are police EVERYWHERE! We felt absolutely safe. And the city streets are amazingly clean. I can't wait to go back and do the things we didn't have time for on this trip.The hop on/hop off bus is worth the money. If you want a fun NYC experience, take one of those bicycle rickshaws and hang on!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Carly82
<Content>Amazing Hotel I have been to New York before but this was the first time I stayed at the Marquis. It really is an amazing hotel and the atmosphere, size and location really captures New York. We were lucky enough to stay on the 44th floor with amazing views. The room was spacious and clean with a good sized bathroom. The highlight of the hotel for me was the lifts! As soon as we arrived we were shown how to work them and then we entered the glass lift and travelled up the centre of the hotel with views of each floor as you go! It was like a mini fairground ride!The hotel has several restaurants, bars, a theatre and a revolving restaurant/bar on the top floor! Apparently this is the only one in New York and it takes about an hour to do one rotation - with great views.We ate at the restaurant on the 8th floor - delicious pizza and it was great to watch Times Square from above. The View (rotating restaurant/bar) does get very busy - especially at the weekend, so it is worth booking or getting there early.All the staff were really helpful and charming.The location of the hotel is ideal to explore all of New York. With the subway on your doorstep if you want to travel further afield. I really couldn't say a bad word about this hotel!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>KlingonWarrior
<Content>King of Times Square I have no idea how anyone could rate this hotel as anything except 4 or 5 unless one is expecting something unreal. The Marriott Marquis is a giant hotel right on Times Square. People are everywhere, duh!!! But so are great restaurants, delis, theaters, and shopping---all within ten casual minutes by foot. Buy an unlimited MetroCard for $24 and you get seven days of unlimited subway and bus. One of the major transportatiojn hubs is on 42nd and Broadway, which is 5 minutes away if you walk slowly. BTW, the subway system is fantastic---fast, frequent, clean, and goes virtually everywhere. The maligned elevator system is actually marvelous. Never had to wait more than a couple of minutes. EVER. Two Starbucks on the premises, a huge atrium and lounge to enjoy your coffee or drink and a Junior's Bakery across the street for fancier pastries and New York's Best Cheesecake. BTW, TKTS (which is the discount outlet for that evening's Broadway shows) is currently at the Marriott while their permanent office is being renovated across the street. Another perk! Here's a tip--if you like Chinese food, NY's Chinatown is quite good and the cheapest of any large city I have ever visited.If this sounds like a NYC fan talking, it is, but prior to this visit...not so much. I was fully prepared to dislike the city but could not. NYC just plain WORKS and other cities like San Francisco in particular could learn a lot from the Big Apple. We stayed for eight days and every day was chock full of activities and sights---the Metropolitan Museum of Art being a close second only to the Louvre in the world, IMHO. Back to the Marquis...asked for and got a TSq view on the 33rd floor. Beds OK, bath fine and the space very generous by NY standards. Concierges could be a little more helpful but with 2000 rooms, they are overwhelmed on occasion. Never heard outside noise from the street but did occasionally hear doors and drawers slamming next door. Arrived at 9:00 am from SF on the redeye and immediately were allowed to check in! Then on departure, we requested late checkout (another redeye flight) and stayed until 1:00pm. Great service, I'd say. In summary, this hotel is PERFECT for the first time NYC visitor and for everyone wanting to be in the middle of the party.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>CarolSLondon
<Content>STAY AWAY! New York is a beautiful city and Times Square is such a fun happening area, but the Marriott Marquis is horrible. It looks completely different on the website. The rooms are horrible, the carpet smells, the walls have damp, the bathroom is tiny, the view of times square hardly existed. I didnt like anything about this hotel, if you call concierge from your room they keep you on hold for about 15 minutes, if you go to the front desk you queue up for 10 minutes. I really do not recommend this hotel, New York is filled with nice hotels and this is not one of them.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	3	

<Author>cazz-uk
<Content>Perfect location for first time visitor Stayed here 28th May - 2nd June 08.Firstly elevators...Never had to wait more than a few minutes for one. Very easy to use (type in your floor number and it directs you to which elevator to use). Yes it does get busier at Peak times (when people are leaving for theatres around 7.30pm) but still wait was minimal.Location 鈥?Great for the first time visitor (as we were) Right in the hub of everything. And walkable to most tourist locations鈥SB, TOTR, Central Park etc. Only time we got a taxi was to Battery Park for the Staten Island Ferry and South Street Seaport.Room. Perfect size. 33rd floor, view of times square. We had 2 rooms both with 2 queen beds, ample room for storage of clothes and also of cases (handy to keep them open to start storage of all the things you are going to buy). 2 chairs and table beside floor to ceiling window which gave great views over times square. Iron and board plus hairdryer where supplied. Toiletries were changed every day (even if there were not used) We seemed to get different makes of shower gel, shampoo etc every day even though we did not use it). Hotel staff were all very helpful and friendly. Big thumbs up (and big tip) to the bellman who went trawling the very busy streets to find a taxi that could fit 4 very unhappy girls (cause we were leaving NY) with 6 suitcases between us (very productive stay).View bar 鈥?Only negative part of the stay. Food in the buffet bar is not that great. But would defiantly recommend going there for a few cocktails and watching NY revolve around you. Spectacular views. But eat elsewhere鈥?there is hundreds of restaurants to choose from right outside the front door. Staff here were great and took the all important tourist picture (us with our cocktails lol)Would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>exchelente
<Content>Decent Good hotel. Let me check in early and check out late, front desk staff was helpful. Valet parking was fine, but we had to go around the block b/c we didn't realize what street we could access the valet on. Surprisingly quiet in room for times square location. Expensive, but company paid. If I was paying, would not be staying in Times Square but instead a boutique spot in the village probably.Elevators were efficient and fast, but glass side and speed of drop made me dizzy.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lazydog135
<Content>One problem after another with our reservation - handicapped travelers beware! Stayed with several family members at the Marriott over Memorial Day weekend. Booked three rooms (two handicapped) directly with Marriott reservations and fortunately printed and brought copies of the reservations. There was one problem after another with the rooms (correct room types not available, unable to provide any adjoining or connecting rooms, arrival and departure dates incorrect-not matching the reservation). Each person at the front desk seemed to try to fix one problem, then screw something up with the reservation and cause another problem. In total ended up spending about two hours dealing with various front desk personnel. I travel quite regularly with business and have never had such a problem at any hotel I've stayed in. The fact that we paid over $400 per night for such a bad experience just makes it worse. Find another hotel.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>Safari5
<Content>Great location in NYC The Marquis is right at Times Square. On check in, request one of the rooms looking right into Times Square, Absolutely fantastic! This area of town caters for the tourist in every way so it's crowded and everything (hotel, restaurants, bars, etc) are expensive. For a more local feel, I go down to the East Village.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>janathar
<Content>Is it Worth !!!!!! Place: One of the most talked about hotel when it comes to stay in Times SquareRate: $ 449.00 + taxes per nightType of Room: 1 over sized DELUXE King Corner roomWhat you get: 1 King size bed, work station, one 2 seater sofa, one arm chair with foot rest, extra space for closet, 42 LCD TV, safe box in the room.What you don't get: Shower gels in the bath room, Bath robs, Mini bar or Fridge!!! Free internet in room, any usual welcome amenities for a DELUXE room, any chocolates with night turn down service, free break fast in the room or in the coffee shop. Fax machine.In fact after paying $499 + taxes, you have to ask reception if you can have shower gel in your bathroom. As per housekeeping they keep them in rooms of higher floor only. (ours was on 18th ).Hotel says, there are no more fridges / mini bars in any of the room!!!! so the huge wooden cupboard having the fridge and big old fashioned TV is now just a piece of decoration and occupying space in your room with the 42 LCD TV placed on top of it !!! At 2300 hrs called business center to send concierge to collect a paper to fax, was informed, sorry there's no concierge services at that time!!!!Probably my last stay at this Marriott property as its not worth spending $499.00 for just to be in the middle of Times Square without having even proper bathroom amenities.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	4	3	2	

<Author>BJL
<Content>Big Hotel, Big Price       hall floor  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lulu1964
<Content>nice but overpriced....! Being a new yorker all my life, and now living in tampa for the last 4 years... it was a 'STICKER PRICE' shock of how expensive hotels are in the big apple. I was there for a conference for two nights... just a standard room on the 41st. floor, no breakast included, no free bottle of water, price $479 a night.... no kidding. the hotel is a typical marriott, just that it is in times square/theatre district. The hotel is very clean and the very big. The exercise room is state of the art and really nice if you like to work out.. the hotel staff are friendly... (like all new yorkers including myself are!! :) ). The open atrium is very nice with the glass elevators whizzing up and down. keep your eyes open you will probably see someone famous....!  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>DavidandKim
<Content>In the heart of TImes Square We were there for a conference. Our room was nice and wasn't loud like you would expect being in Times Sqare. The workout center was great. Lots of equipment and you can borrow headphones if you forget yours. Currently the place where you buy the discount tickets for plays is on the street by the Marriott so it does get a little crowded when you walk out and there are tons of people waiting in line and you have to get through them.The hotel was convenient to everything and overall we enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>cooncat
<Content>Enjoyed the Stay My daughter and I stayed at this hotel in March (over St Patrick's Day!), and once we figured out where the lobby was, we had a very good time. While many prefer to stay at a less touristy place, we chose it specifically for the lights and the location. It is right on Times Square (but not noisy) so getting around, whether by walking, cab or bus, is fairly easy. The rooms are clean, and we paid for a Times Square View, so my daughter could photograph throughout the night. The lobby is not on the ground floor, and there was a staff member directing people to the elevators. We weren't fond of the restaurant (could have been just us), but there are so many choices in the area it didn't matter. We liked that we were able to walk after dark and still have tourist-type crowds around. The gift shop was nice (important for those last minute what did you bring me...) and although the hotel was expensive, we enjoyed our stay there.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>TravilinGirl
<Content>Right in the Middle of the Hustle and Bustle of NYC Great hotel.....very modern. Especially with those elevators, which by the way we had no issues with. Surprised by the size of the room for NYC. Great view of the river on the quiet side of the building. Staff is not very personable (but I expect that in a major city, it's all about business)We went to The View Lounge (free entrance if your in the hotel, normally $7pp), does not include very expensive cocktails. But the view was as promised. My favorite quality about this hotel is location,location, location. Close to EVERYTHING by bus subway or walking. We already booked this property again for the week of Christmas. I wanted something out of the tourist zone, but with the size of the room and location I couldn't pass the Marquis. Besides we'll have teenage brother/sister with us this time. I'm sure they'll love how hectic it is in this area!  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Travellerforlife
<Content>Great stay @ Marriott Marquis! Booked 4 nights stay at this hotel sometime in January and got a real good rate. Liked that the hotel was in the middle of theatre district and very close to the theatre we went to. Close to a lot of good restaurants like Sardi's, Juniors, Carmines, Bubba Gump Shrimp. Close to Good Morning America, Virgin Megastore, the heart of Times Square.Beds were smalller than usual double bed but we made do. As long as it was clean and comfortable, we were happy.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Lilibribri
<Content>Good New York experience We just got back from two nights at the Marriott Marquis in New York to celebrate our 10 year anniversary. We stayed at the Marquis using reward points. You cannot beat the location of the Marquis, settled right in between the two Y intersections at Times Square. Everything you could possibly want within walking distance (we even walked there from Grand Central Station. we took train in from CT rather than fighting NY traffic). The staff was very helpful and friendly, the front desk, the concierge desk, the security staff, the concierge lounge staff and even housekeeping... we always got a have a nice day and enjoy your day from everyone we passed in a Marriott uniform. The previous review complained about the decor, it was a normal hotel decor, most Marriott decors are the same but who cares you are in New York City you should not be saddled in your room worrying about what decade the decor came from!! Our view was fabulous, right over the North side of Times Square looking right at all the flashy billboards, fun to look at at night, and although they were so bright that it always looked like daylight we just shut the curtains and that took care of that.... it was surprisingly quiet in our room on the 30th floor, we thought for sure we would hear hustle and bustle all night but it was very quiet...... only complaint about room was that the windows are in need of a washing, not an easy task in New York City I am sure...One complaint I have was the ticket booth (which I don't think is even part of Marriott, the box offices just happen to have a window in the Marriott) the people there were not very friendly, they did not even seem to want to help us... our questions were pretty much just ignored as the people at the desk joked amongst themselves, we had better luck going right up to the individual theatre box offices... on thrusday and friday nights we just walked up and down Broadway to the box offices and on Thursday night we walked up to the window of Rent at 8:00 (showtime) and got 8th row tickets for half price and on friday afternoon we walked up to the box office at Phantom of the Opera around 4:00 and got front row center tickets (actor had just handed them in).... so if you just want to wing it and not picky take a walk and chance the box offices....Overall our trip was fabulous and would stay again at the Marriott Marquis (with reward points of course)!!  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Akgambler
<Content>Doesn't disappoint. but oh those elevators We have stayed here 4 times now and still love the Marquis. We had good service from front desk, in lounge, and from housekeeping. Admittedly we weren't there all that long this time so didn't use all services. But nothing beats the 8 fl lounge for nice cocktails, maybe the cheese platter, and a fantastic view of Times Square. You can also get literally ANYWHERE you want to go in just minutes from this hotel.I did call the concierge for show tickets as I was told they can do that, but they forwarded me to a ticket service without saying that was what they were doing. The Marquis is also pretty overpriced. We paid about $550/ni and it is nothing more than a nice Marriott room. But we did have a nice flat screen tv, plenty of room, and a view of Times Square. So we just swallow the cost and enjoy the superb location, nice room, and good service.The only thing is tha tthis trip the elevators were HORRIBLE. We had thought since they put in the new elevator system it was better, but we almost were late for a show after waiting sooooo long for an elevator. When one finally came to our floor we just squeezed in and held our breath.I would stay again. And hope the price doesn't go up....  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>WorldTravelDoc
<Content>Total disappointment I have stayed in many Mariott properties all over the world and while they look a bit standardized everywhere, they are normally quite nice. However, the Marriott Marquis in New York is an exception. The hotel's website praises The Marriott Marquis sparkles with updated hotel rooms but frankly: the design is so horrible that you feel like in a 2star hotel from the 80s. Everything in this hotel has just a very cheap appearance, from carpets over cabinets to bathrooms - not to talk about the ceilings in the guestrooms. The corridors look like in a youth hostel, the check-in service feels like the one of a low-budget airline, the restaurant for breakfast creates the permanent desire to finish as quickly as possible... and many more things that are not worth spending my time with.IN SUMMARY: if you like to look at nice things and want to feel good when staying away from home: DO NOT STAY HERE. I certainly will never return to this property.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>john061
<Content>Perfect for my family We picked the Marriott Marquis for a family trip to NYC because of the location and the fact that I had enjoyed a previous stay here on business. We couldn't have been happier with our choice. The room was quiet, clean, and comfortable. The hotel facilities, staff, and the views into Times Square were great. And the kids loved the place, especially the glass elevators (which were speedy and efficient in our experience). I highly recommend the Marriott Marquis if you want to stay right in the middle of the action in Times Square.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>jll12
<Content>Perfect Four adults stayed here for four nights and had a great time. We came for the Yankee / Red Sox series so we weren't in the room all that much. None the less, the room was spacious and clean. The hotel is centrally located. We never encountered any wait problems with the elevators. I would highly recomment this hotel to a traveler.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>scar23
<Content>loved it... This was my 3rd visit to New York. Everything was great...no complaints. The staff was very friendly. Most rooms in New York are really small. However, the room was larger than most hotels in New York. I have a bad back and beds were comfortable. This is the most central hotel in Times Square. Room service is expensive....$48 for a bagel, bowl of cereal, and pastries. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BoroTravellers
<Content>superb place, great location Have just returned home having spent 4 nights at this hotel, could not fault it at all.The staff are all so helpful, very pleasant and nothing was too much to ask. The rooms are well equipped with all you will ever need.This hotel is in a great location and if you want a decent restaurant just ask any membe of staff as they recommended two places to us which could not be faulted.I would not hesitate to use this hotel every time we visit New York.The View is well worth a visit as the views are fantastic whilst sipping a glass or two!Enjoy it, we certainly did.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ABusinessTraveler93
<Content>Beware - price changes on your bill I made reservations through a travel agency and was given a written confirmation of the price only to find that I was charged $100 more than this. Despite several conversations with the desk managers this mistake was not corrected. The travel agency blamed the hotel--and the hotel blamed the travel agency. The customer was caught in the middle - this was very upsetting and I would not stay here again because of this.  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MmePoppy
<Content>Elevators still drag down the quality of this hotel This was my third stay at the Marriott Marquis. On prior stays, it was the in-house parking which swayed our choice. On this stay, it was the proximity to the theaters and the reassurance that they had solved their elevator problems with a slick new system. Alas, on a busy April weekend with tons of visitors, the hotel was completely overwhelmed. One is forced to take 8 flights of escalators when the elevator traffic gets heavy, which includes a long transfer at the third floor to keep going up to the 8th floor lobby. We usually waited 3-5 minutes for an elevator, and the worst wait was close to 10 minutes as folks were all heading out to the theater at the same time, I guess. Appalling. There was a lot of grumbling among our fellow elevator passengers. The hotel has done the best they could with the space they have and the new technology, but we found ourselves still having to strategize around the elevators each time we moved in and out, allowing extra time for the backup. After three days of this, we were entirely fed up.The glamor, glitz, nice rooms, nice service don't count for much when you can't get to and from your room in a normal way. The staff went out of their way to be helpful, but we will definitely go to a different hotel the next time we head for Times Square. This one is just too darn difficult (and gargantuan) to deal with. What a shame!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gwyndy
<Content>Crazy elevators My wife and I stayed at the Marriott Marquis for three nights prior to starting a cruise from New York.On arrival there was not a porter in sight and no-one to give us any idea where the main reception area was. The ground floor area around the main entrance was chaos - crowded with taxis and hoards of people. We eventually worked out that we had to get ourselves, and several heavy suitcases, up to the eighth floor. But first we had to negotiate the crazy elevator system!!There is a large bank of lifts but, rather than getting in the next empty car and selecting a floor number, you have to enter the floor number that you want on a wall mounted keypad in the lift foyer, and the display then tells you which lift to wait for. And wait ..... and wait 鈥? !! Some guests told us that they had to wait anything up to 20 minutes on occasions. My wife concluded that the system had been programmed by an IT engineer with a grudge against humanity. So having got to the Reception desk our faith was restored. Check-in was swift and courteous, and our luggage was whisked away by an efficient Bell Captain who took us to our room on the 45th floor (as high as the guest rooms go) and made sure that we had settled in OK.Guest rooms are arranged around a vast central open space that extends from the 8th to the 45th floors. Our room was fine 鈥?clean and well fitted out, although the view from the window down to Times Square was a little dizzying and not for those suffering from vertigo! The public areas were spacious and bar service was very good. Having said that, we didn鈥檛 like the lounge areas 鈥?they were just too big and too public 鈥?nowhere to sit and enjoy one鈥檚 own private space.Would we stay there again 鈥?no! Nothing wrong with the hotel, we just felt like battery hens in a vast people factory.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Ilovemaineusa
<Content>elevators ruined it for us Rooms were clean and nice but the elevator problems overshadowed our stay. not enough elevators for the size of the hotel. Average wait for one was 10-15 minutes. We were on the 22nd floor so we had no choice but to wait... We would not stay there again just because of that issue.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	5	4	3	4	

<Author>Rogerwny
<Content>Great Location! Tons to do! Hotel is located inTimes Square! It was great to be in the middle of all hustle and bustle on the streets while within minutes one can escape to a comfortable, good-sized, quiet, and clean room. Was in town for on vacation with my daughter, her friend, and my wife. They all loved the easy access to shopping. Also it was just a short walk to reach subway stations to get anywhere in the city.Though the hotel eleveators are frequently mentioned as a source of pain at this hotel, I found them quite simple to use. Plug in your floor number and go the elevator designated. Right next to the hotel are the MTV Studios. My daughter and her friend had a great time watching the celebreties exit the building. Quite a crowd was there for the event but they loved it. Plenty of food options nearby - one night we opted for Junior's (good offering of food) and another we picked up a pizza at John's (just two blocks away). The ladies all attended Legally Blonde Two show and it was right across the street.Overall, a very positive experieince.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>LAgirlOCboy
<Content>great for your first nyc trip!!!       just outside hotel  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nelzabm
<Content>Loved it. We stayed here for three nights in mid-April 2008. I read the prior reviews on the hotel and knew about how to use the elevators before we showed up. The system is quite slick and efficient. I cannot say enough about how friendly the front desk At your service staff were. Both at check in as well as throughout our stay, whenever we had a question or were simply in need of change, we were always met with a willing person to provide service. I called the front desk twice during our stay and both times was greeted with Good morning Mr. XXXXX. How may I assist you?The location could not be better if you want to stay in Times Square. To be sure, it's a busy location, and a busy hotel. We expected that. But our entire stay at this hotel was simply better than we expected.We used the Fitness facilities all three days. The fitness room is located on the 23rd floor, and it is one of the nicer facilties I've seen at a hotel like this. Two trainers were there in the morning to assist and monitor, if needed. Towels were provided, as well as water and an apple. The Fitness facility is open 24 hours and simply requires a room key to enter, together with a sign-in.We were unable to access any free internet in the room from the wireless card on our laptop. We had to be in the public areas on the 8th floor to do this. We bucked up and paid the hefty $16.95 fee for high speed internet in the room for 2 of the three nights.Our room was large with a sofa, chair, computer table, and a refrigerator, which we had requested prior to check-in. The room directly overlooked Times Square, although we did not book a Times Square view room. We were on the 21st floor. Price paid was $339 per night.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>wondertrev
<Content>Pretty darned good... Really quite nice. You're paying for the fantastic location, the gym, and the biggest chain rooms I've seen in NYC.The hotel is absolutely massive, but this was never a problem. The check-in lines didn't take more than 3 minutes, and there was never more than a 1 minute wit for an elevator. The elevator system is a bit odd, but anyone with a 3rd grade education should be able to master it on the 1st day. The rooms are typical Marriott (i.e. better than avg.), but for NYC the rooms are quite large. The only downside is the slow-to-respond AC system. I will admit to liking the room to be cold, but this system was positively arthritic.The gym is the 2nd or 3rd nicest and largest I've seen (behind the Dallas and Austin Four Seasons). Tons of treadmills and bikes, and very nice Hoist equipment. The treadmills have TVs and fans, but the TVs block the great view of Times Square just below. It's open 24 hrs, and that's a nice treat.I didn't partake of the bars on the 8th floor as I was on gov't travel, and they don't pay for $15-20 burgers and martinis. However, you're quite close to a any number of good restaurants and bars, as well as delis and liquor stores, in addition to all the rotten tourist traps in Times Square. You're also right by the theatre district, subway lines, etc...In sum, this hotel is right in the middle of NYC. It isn't a Ritz-Carlton, but if you're exploring NYC and not expecting to stay in a palace, this place is quite good.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>TomJr
<Content>Huge hotel, decent rooms This is just a massive hotel. Multiple restaurants and 2000 or so rooms. The facility is in a great location as it's right in the middle of the Time Square action.The front desk is efficient yet still friendly. My room for four of us was a bit tight but serviceable. There's not really anything special about this hotel (aside from it's size and it's location) as the rooms are just average.Make sure that you venture outside of the hotel for food as the restaurants are very expensive. There are numerous inexpensive food locations very nearby.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>JayneLondon
<Content>Christmas in New York We spent five nights in the Marquis over Christmas 2007.The room was huge with sofa, chair, massive bed and big bathroom. It was clean and comfortable. The hotel is typically corporate and business like, but many families appeared to stay there. Whilst it is well located (two minutes from Times Square) it is a huge hotel and its size does remove any real feeling of friendliness.The lifts are a nightmare: a central block of about 15 lifts serving different floors. Expect to wait if there is a large influx of people at one time. We only ate in the hotel once, in the revolving restaurant on the top floor. This offers a buffet which to be honest was pretty awful. However, the views are fantastic so skip the buffet and just go for a drink. It takes about an hour to revolve 360 degrees.There are lots of great places to eat nearby and a branch of Juniors is opposite the hotel for huge breakfasts (the pancakes are good) and wonderful cheesecake.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Amaklo
<Content>Very impressed with the Marquis I've been to New York many times and have always stayed at smaller hotels, but I was curious about how the enormous Marriott Marquis could warrant the raves here. I had a business conference scheduled nearby, so this was the perfect opportunity to give the Marquis a try. My personal preference is still for a smaller hotel, but I have to say I'm very impressed. The location cannot be beat. The people who work there are uniformly pleasant, well-informed and professional. I had a corner room which was huge, especially by NY standards. The bed was very comfortable and the room was quiet (of course I was on the 27th floor facing the Hudson River, not Times Square). The elevator system is very efficient and I rarely waited more than a couple of minutes. The Times Square TKTS booth is attached to the hotel. There are airport check-in kiosks and a Starbucks near the reception desk (which is on the 8th floor). Subway, buses and taxis are right outside any of the numerous front doors. If I were recommending a place to stay for a first-time visitor to New York, I would not hesitate to suggest the Marquis.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ReynoldsUk
<Content>Amazing bar! Booked my girly weekend trip to New York via ww.Cityandshow.com who were fantastic, gave travel advice and the rate was very competitive.The Hotel was amazing, just off of Time Square near Broadway. It had great facilities, and was very clean. I would especialy recommend the bar at the top of the hotel, it spins around and you get amazing views of the fantastic city.Avoid using the phones in the bedrooms as they charge ridiculous rates, I paid $15.00 dollars for a 30 second phone call!!Other than that I would strongly recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SheffieldShopper
<Content>Loved the Marriott Marquis New York Stayed at this hotel after reading reviews on trip advisor.The hotel was fantastic we were made to feel special, nothing was too much trouble for the staff.We had a Time Square view at no extra cost, the room was huge with sofa's and chairs, the bed was huge clean linen every day.We had concerns about the lifts after reading some of the reviews but I don't think we ever had to wait more than a minute for a lift.The hotel was a joy and will definately will be staying there again.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LifeTraveller07
<Content>Best Hotel for tourists in NYC This is the best hotel to stay for tourists in NYC! You will be in the center of all the excitement and energy that Times Square has to offer. Its conveniently located near the Theater District and within easy walking distance to the subway stop. Excellent restaurants and shopping are also closeby. The rooms we stayed in were excellent, one with a view of Times Square and another with a view of the Hudson River. The staff were very accomodating and friendly. The rooms were large and immaculate. There is also a nice gym within the hotel. It was a bit pricey ($349 per standard room) but worth the extra money I would usually spend because of the location.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gunguy05
<Content>Great Stay My self and my wife, BIL, and SIL stayed here back in June of 2007. THis was a GREAT hotel. I have seen that the rates have doubled since last year. I was hoping for a return stay this year, but we payed 220 a night last summer and now the rates are about 500. I don't understand the drastic increase. The amenities we teriffic, the hotel was extremely clean. All of the staff were helpful and attentive. Just a great overall stay.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JhonB
<Content>Great View, Great location I took my wife to NYC to see a play for her birthday. We stayed one night at the Marriot Marquis, as we decided to treat ourselves. Great location, great view, central to everything in the theater district. The room was large clean and comfortable. We stay in the city two or three nights a year, and I would stay there every time is the prices were lower. We paid $300 for the night, but you can find deals at other nice hotels in the area for under $200.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	2	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>TravelSpodSam
<Content>Best birthday ever! - fantastic views in a city?? Your off your head love!       the building with Kodak on it - that is the hotel front  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FamilyTravelSeries
<Content>Don't Spend Your Own Money! This is a great hotel, if you're staying on somebody else's dollar. It's got everything you want - for a price. If you can afford it, go for it. The location is in the heart of Times Square, so all prices are inflated, but the Marriott Marquis assumes most of its guests are business travelers and can spend money like water. I stayed there because of a business convention, so I fit their profile. Want to use a computer at the hotel's business center? $32 per hour. Have a glass of wine in the bar? $13 or more. (In fact, the wine list includes one wine I often buy at home for $8.99 a bottle. They charge $48 for the same bottle.) Yet they refused to honor the credit card I tried to check in with, because it had the name of my company on it, even though they had accepted it to guarantee my reservation. I was forced to use a personal credit card. They can afford to have that attitude because there's a demand for high end service in that location. Honestly, though, I've stayed in lots of of hotels just as good and with a nicer attitude, but at half the price. I'll stay here again next year ... but only if my employer is paying the bill. Next time I'm in NYC (in about three months) I'll stay elsewhere, where the prices are rational and the people are friendlier -- because it will be MY money.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	5	5	1	3	2	

<Author>travelmore149362
<Content>Exceeded Expectations Just spent 3 nights at this hotel and was very impressed. We were on the 25th Floor and had the Stay for Breakfast rate. Thought this was well worth the money, as it entitled us to a great buffet breakfast, including juice, coffee, pancakes, and waffles in addition to the buffet items. The room was amazingly quiet, especially considering that the hotel is in the middle of Times Square. I am normally a very poor sleeper-but had 3 wonderful nights' sleep at this hotel. Not only was it very quiet, but the beds were extremely comfortable, and the room temperature was good too. The heating system was also very quiet, unlike those in many hotels. Took this trip as a tourist, and the hotel was very convenient to shopping, restaurants, and of course Broadway theaters. Staff was generally good. The hotel is large and modern in design; very striking. Obviously not the place if you are looking for a boutique hotel or personal service- but efficient, well-located, and very comfortable.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>TXnativegal
<Content>Loved the Marquis! Excellent location.       View from corner room, 2424  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>mamurph
<Content>I love NY! (and the Marriott) We just enjoyed a weekend 'getaway' at the Marriott Marquis in Times Square, NY. This package included dinner at the revolving rooftop restaurant, The View, and buffet breakfast in the 8th floor restaurant, Encore. The room wasn't ready when we arrived at 2 pm, but they promised to have it by the regular check in at 4. At 4 pm it still wasn't ready (we had requested a Times Square view), so we were upgraded to a larger suite with a Hudson River view. The room was huge, the view was beautiful and the package came with champagne and chocolates. Breakfast the next morning was delicious and the choices at the buffet were excellant. The entire staff was courteous, helpful and very pleasant, I actually felt they we glad to see us! The only disappointmnet was dinner at The View. Reservations were easy and we were seated right away. The restaurant was beautiful and the service excellant, however, the food was bland, actually tasteless. It revolves slowly and there isn't much to look at, mostly the window washing equipement on the landing below. Next time we'll skip The View and eat in one the the local restaurants. The entire package was 417.00 before tax and well worth it!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>pompeytravellers
<Content>great time had This was our first visit to New York and we were a little apprehensive as to where to stay, I read some reviews and found very few bad ones so decided on the Marquis. After looking on the web very few hotels offered rooms for 3 adults(we were bringing our 21 year old daughter) We were very impressed with check in and had no trouble with the elevaitors. All the staff were friendly and helpful and the room was spotlessly clean. We were on the 42nd floor and had no trouble with noise and had a great view of the river. The breakfast buffett was a little expensive but lasted us all day. We used room service which was there within 20 minutes and my husband said his sirloin burger was the best burger he had ever tasted!We would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>palmtree123Mi
<Content>Location, Location, Location was perfect! I admit that I was reluctant to stay in NYC due to their bedbug problems but after lots of research, the Marriott Marquis was the perfect choice. We stayed for 3 nights and it was CLEAN, beautiful and although I am very picky - I was incredibly impressed with the whole experience.I would recommend this to ANYONE who is looking for a perfect, clean and wonderfully located (in the heart of Times Square) place to stay. You will NOT be dissapointed and I would love to go back.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>fcmary
<Content>great hotel       view from room  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>bugeyedbug
<Content>Super Comfy Beds Right in the middle of all the action in NYC. The rooms were spacious, clean and quiet. We even had a view of the river. The best part of the hotel was the extremely comfy beds, especially after a long day of sightseeing and walking!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>robtk
<Content>Perfect location, great hotel! I have stayed a few times at this hotel. For business and pleasure.The location is perfect: right on Times Square. All restaurants, theaters, shopping, etc right on your doorsteps.The hotel itself is huge. But very comfortable. The rooms are large and very comfortable. I love the beds they have!The hotel lobby is an experience all by itself, with the elevators going up and down all the time. The restaurant on the top floor is excellent! Not cheap, but the food was great. You have to go there, if only for the view. You are seated in a restaurant that rotates! You can see the entire city during your dinner.Breakfast are is a bit small, but the selection is great.If you're visiting NY: go to this place. If you search good enough, you can find some great rates.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>snookie_d
<Content>Good experience The Marquis is a great hotel. The staff is amazingly friendly (first impression is everything) The bell staff was there to help you with your luggage and assist you to check in.. My room was not ready (I was also 4 hours early) but the desk took my phone number and called me once it was ready..The staff also held onto my luggage before I checked in and after I checked out while I was still in the city for no charge!! I thought that was a great start to the stay. The room is very large for a NYC hotel room. It was very clean. Beds were comfy. The shower did not have very much water pressure tho. There is 2 starbucks in the hotel along with several restaurants. The location was awesome, right at Time Sqaure.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lisainthemountains
<Content>Call hotel direct and in advance for good price. While I have not gone to the hotel yet, I wanted to let others know about the rate I rec'd by calling direct and in advance. I called the first week of March and told them I planned to come to NYC with my 16 year old on May 30th for 3 days. I was looking at the other Marriott with the view of the empire state building from the rooms(can't remember the name). I had called them direct. While speaking to the reservation planner I told him how I was taking my daughter for her first trip to NYC and to see Rent on it's final weekend.I told him I couldn't afford much but was willing to spend about $250 a night to have a great view.Rooms at that hotel were $279. He said If you ever come again you should stay at our premiere hotel The Marquis for a great view.He said it was more expensive but worth it.Since we had already made the reserve for the other hotel I did not feel like he was pushing me to go to the Marquis at all. Since I figure I might not visit again for many years I asked him what the rates were. He said about $400 but that it was right in times square and the jumbo TV where the ball drops on New years is right out the windows.Sounded great-but pricey! He said the top floors go for over $3000 on New years! I said it was too much but sounded perfect. He said that if you book way in advance and pay upfront he would try and find a better deal. I said let's try! I was offered a room on a high floor with a view of the square that my daughter will love for $290 a night. I booked and paid for the Friday and Sat nights. The location will save time and allow us to see more of the area.I see this site has quotes offered of over $400 for this hotel so please call direct and try your best.Good luck!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>leftylanza
<Content>Typical Marriott. Great location, typical accommodations. First, let me say that I am a Marriott employee. I love the company's hotels and accommodations. Every time I stay at a Marriott, the service is the same: friendly and helpful. Having said that, the Marriott Marquis Times Square New York lives up to the expected Marriott service level, but isn't really anything more than the typical Marriott property. In fact, there are more comfortable Marriott hotels around the country than the Marquis. What you get at this particular hotel, however, is the location. It is perfectly located in Times Square on Broadway between 46th and 47th.It is expensive to stay at the Marquis, although I got a discount for being an employee. The first floor lobby isn't really the lobby. You have to go up to the 8th floor to check in. Weird, huh? There are a bunch of high speed elevators in a circle that take you up through the hotel, but you might wait a while because there are so many people going up and down. The room was a typical king standard room. I had a partial view of Broadway and a lovely view of an office building. The bed was comfortable, but not nearly as much as some of the other Marriott properties I've stayed at . I don't think this room was equipped with the new Revive bedding that can be found at many other Marriott properties. The bed is why I love staying at Marriott's, and this one wasn't as good as the others. The plasma TV was very nice though, and the channel list included HD channels.As I said, the location was great. It was wonderful coming back from seeing a broadway show and walking to our hotel, in the midst of the throngs of people. I always wanted to be one of those people who could just veer off the path and walk into the hotel. I must say, it was wonderful. The hotel was quiet, once you're in your room, and the accommodations were comfortable. The prices for everything were ridiculous, of course, since you're in Times Square, but what else do you expect? Overall, the hotel was a typical Marriott. Nice design, great location, comfortable room and friendly staff, but nothing spectacular. The best part was being in Times Square.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>ditch-is-best
<Content>love the 1980's I love this hotel.....it is a wonderful hotel in the heart of the time square.Simple. I love the 1980 styling, the fast fast lifts and the kitch revolving restaurant on the roof. This hotel is the one chain hotels i love to visit. It is everything you would expect, but just that bit more.Do try the buffett at the restaurant.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bruinTraveller
<Content>An experience in itself For those who are looking to visit New York City for a day or two, this hotel cannot be beat. There are many things that make the Marriott Marquis the greatest hotel in Times Square, but the #1 by far is the location. It is located directly in the dead center of Times Square, making basically everything in short walking distance. The hotel features an incredibly convenient and smart elevator system which makes getting to your room in a hotel with an incredible number of rooms an easy process. On the main floor area there is a very lovely sushi restaurant, and a complete bar area with a wide range of exotic drinks and a glass-wall intimate-table-seating area that directly overlooks Times Square, giving you a view of the nightlife while chatting with friends. All rooms also overlook Times Square, so a great view is never too far away from you. For those of you who are musical theater enthusiasts, the hotel offers a ticket booth where you can inquire about showtimes, locations, even buy tickets right there at the hotel (though with a rather high service charge). Also, the Marquis plays host to The Drowsy Chaperone itself. Service was excellent, we requested a rollaway bed for our room which was promptly delivered, and the staff was always ready to answer any questions we had. Parking was valet, and convenient in every way. The hotel also offers a huge exercise facility, but we didn't get the opportunity to use it. I should mention that this hotel is a great idea for a short-term trip, since the rooms are quite expensive. For a longer stay in New York, I imagine there are more affordable locations, but for a short-term, amazing experience, the Marquis isn't just a place to stay, it will become a memorable part of your experience altogether. (I recently visited NYC again, and even though I didn't stay AT the Marquis, I still went there just for the bar and restaurant!)  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MissJJ
<Content>LOCATION COULDN'T BE GREATER Stayed here for two nights with my Sister  2 nephews. We had a room with 2 double beds  a view of Times Square. My nephews were happy that Toys R Us was right across the Street. You couldn't ask for a better location in Times Square. The room was nice, the beds comfortable. Close to the subway  to any transportation for that matter. The elevator System was best....you just punch in your floor  it directs you to which elevator to take..we never had to wait. Starbucks in the Hotel is great plus. The breakfast buffet is a little bit too pricey for those who don't like a big breakfast  I didn't feel it was worth the money. There are many restaurants to chose from..but please skip Bubba Gumps Shrimp Co...the food is below average  wasn't impressed with the service. Our salad (which we paid $5 extra for with a meal) came after our meal  only after we asked for it. Half price broadway ticket booth is temporary located there right on the property, but lines start quite early.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Guin36
<Content>SUPER SERVICE at Marriott Marquis Stayed at the Marriott Marquis in February '08. Booked with Marriott Rewards points and ended up with a top-floor suite for regular point award! (Request room 4422 if you like a high-floor, quiet! room with a view of Times Square.)A day after we had checked out and gone home, realized that my daughter had left a bag full of makeup and jewelry in the room. It was actually one of the plastic Marriott laundry bags that she had stuffed her things in. I called their Lost and Found and they had in fact found it! They asked her to identify some of the jewelry (was good luck that some of it was monogrammed.) They sent it out via DHL overnight express. Fabulous service! Highly recommended!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jevilene
<Content>NEW YORK NEW YORK!!!! This was the most amazing trip i have ever taken. I had never been to NYC, booked myself, my sister and my best friend from indiana for a girl's weekend.The elevators were awesome...can't understand why some people don't understand the system....NEVER had to wait for an elevator. Starbucks right in the hotel, PIZZA everywhere, I recommend Lombardi's, John's and Bella Vita. City streets were clean, subway was clean and not at all scary. We ventured some distance on the side streets as well and never feared for our safety in any part of town. The location is prime for theatre junkies....I was a peace on Broadway! We explored as much of the city as we could in 3 1/2 days. We wil be back when the WTC memorial park is finished. The city blocks are very short in distance, so even if you have to walk several blocks, you don't log much distance. The staff was amazing...the cocolate covered pretzels that were on our pillows the first night were amazing. LOVED this hotel, worth every penny we spent to stay there, and will definitely book there again. Wear your walking shoes...it is an amazing experience...not one that I would take young chidren on, though. Unless you plan activities accordingly....then i would take them.....but I'm glad I didn't take them on my first trip to the city!Shopping was incredible...didn't have enough time to explore even a small percentage of it....warranting a trip (or 2 or 5) back!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>DBMGlasgow
<Content>Nice hotel, great location       View from 42nd floor  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>FashionGiirl
<Content>Tourist Location If you have never been to NY Stay at this hotel for the tourist hype. The hotel is suoer clean with some good views. Def not worth $300+ a night. The bar was great but expensive.Basically if you want a romantic trip,go elsewhere. If you want to be in times square go there.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	3	4	4	1	3	

<Author>KellyKP
<Content>Great location; glad I was expensing it for work The lobby is a bit unconventional - an elevator trip is necessary to reach the check-in desk. But once you reach the lobby and figure out the elevator system (essentially you enter your floor and you're assigned an elevator), it's a nice hotel.The location, right on Times Square, is convenient for Broadway shows although the area is very touristy. Tourists outnumber actual New Yorkers by a wide margin. My 18th floor room was surprisingly quiet. I couldn't hear much noise from outside or other rooms. The bedding and bathrooms were standard Marriott - white comforter, marble vanity, etc. I ate at the sushi bar one night and found it enjoyable, although oddly empty. Drinks were expensive (my Cosmopolitan was around $14), but it's NYC so that's expected.My room was about $300 (plus taxes) due to a conference group rate. Rack rate was closer to $600, which would not be worth it. As it was, I'm glad my employer was picking up the tab for staying here. But not everyone felt that way as I saw lots of families on vacation here.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Sharpie2
<Content>What a location! Stayed here for four nights from 11th Feb and what a location.Broadway right on your doorstep; Fifth Ave and Central Park just a ten minute walk away. Didn't have breakfast in the hotel, but there are lots of small diners around for a good breakfast for a few dollars. Had valentines day buffet in the revolving restaurant and the top of the hotel - not fab food but at $30 and a view to die for - well worth it.Bar staff could be a little rude but all other staff very helpful.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>welltraveledA
<Content>best location in Times Square if times square is your location this hotel is perfectbig rooms can have 3 beds without beeing crowdedjust grab your bags to the 8 floor reception if not you will end waiting a lot for them at your roomif your looking for a boutique hotel this is not the option (massive)i have stay several times for business and fun and will gladly repeatfor inexpensive italian go for Carmines two blocks awayi would rather have breakfast at cafe europa or starbucks than hotel ,doesnt worth the price  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>JMSC-92
<Content>Impressive! On a sold-out weekend before Christmas, I was NOT expecting the perfect service we experienced at the massive Marriott Marquis. The staff -- from bellmen to housekeeping -- were exceptional in every way. Kudos to the management for maintaining such an efficient, pleasant staff in an enormous hotel in the middle of the busiest area in the United States -- Times Square. For those who haven't visited this hotel for a while, it is definitely time to give it a second look. The lobby, elevators, and rooms have been renovated. The layout of the rooms are fantastic. I cannot say enough good things about our experience there.A big shout-out to Riz, our bellman. You truly are an asset to the hotel staff. Keep smiling!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>T1204
<Content>Best Hotel on Planet! Stayed at hotel from 7th to 10th Feb. Absolutely fabulous service. Staff were very courteous and friendly. We had previously booked the Paramount Hotel which is across the road from Marriott but after reading hundreds of terrible reviews we cancelled and booked the marriott. It was a good thing that we did change our mind as we took a peek into the Paramount while out one day and it looked shabby and has scaffolding all around it. Previous reviews of the marriott stated that there were problems with the elevators but we had no problems at all. They were very straight forward and there were hardly any queues. Only issue we had with the hotel was that we had a meal in the View Restaurant above the hotel and this was a big let down. Staff were unfriendly, food was below standard and cost was huge. I'd advise people to have meal elsewhere and then you can get a better view from empire state anyway. Overall we were very impressed with hotel and will definitely stay again.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thetripchick
<Content>The Only Place to Stay in Times Square We stay at the Marriott Marquis for an annual convention in January. We've been coming to the Marquis for three years and the rooms, service, and hotel in general are consistently great! The elevators take some getting used to, but the system is wonderfully slick once you have it down. The rooms are large by NYC standards, and the hotel is really centrally located and close to many subway lines. If the weather is not too blustery, I tend to walk everywhere and love the fact that the Marquis is right smack in the center of Times Square.An added benefit, the Marquis is right next to the temporary TKTS booth and right across the street from the permanent booth location.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Blessed_Lady0519
<Content>Fabulous, fabulous experience Our family stayed at the Marriott Marquis for two nights to celebrate my husband's 50th birthday. We will NEVER forget this trip!We drove up from Maryland in a driving rainstorm and were exhausted when we arrived. Just before we arrived, a host from The View Restaurant called on my cell phone to confirm our reservations for dinner that night. He assured me that we would have a window table, and wished my husband 'Happy Birthday'.The valet parking attendant and bellman greeted us right away, helped our girls (7 and 10) fold their blanket and promptly whisked our car and luggage away, with smiles, directions to the lobby, small talk to our daughters and understated efficiency.We entered the hotel and were totally awed! It was beautiful and busy. The elevators zooming up and down (our girls compared them to the vacuum chutes used by drive-in banks to send transactions to your car) with the different colored lights on each were a sight to behold!The concierge at the desk directed us to the elevator pad, and the adventure began. The elevators are on a sort of reservation system: You press the floor you are requesting on the pad, and a letter appears, telling you to go to that specific elevator - how cool is that? The girls worked out a system as to when each would have a turn to 'call the elevator'.We arrived on the 8th floor, which is comprised of the lobby of the hotel, several restaurants, a concierge desk, a bell desk, lounges, gift shop and travel offices (American Express, Ticket offices, etc.). We arrived at 3:35, and waited in line for about 5 minutes to check in. Our girls sat on a bench near the elevators with their necks craned because the elevator bank is a huge circular structure in the middle of the hotel. All rooms are situated on the outside of the 'hallway' and the inside of the hallway gives a view all the way down to the first floor or all the way up to the 47th floor. Our older daughter told my husband that she could go home now, she was so amazed!While checking in, the reservations agent asked our business there, and I told her it was my husband's birthday. She immediately gave us a voucher for free breakfast buffet (up to $60) at the Atrium Lounge!? Amazing! We had a Times Square View room (towards Central Park) on the 32nd floor. It looked like we could reach out and touch the ginormous billboards outside when we opened our curtains! Our luggage arrived within 15 minutes of our arriving at our room and the bellhop took the time to orient us to where we were, pointed out MM World to us, told us that the Minskoff Theatre was directly across the street (we saw 'The Lion King' matinee the next day) and told us about all of the amenities of the hotel.We just walked around the lobby and gawked (there were several conventions there, but we never felt rushed or crowded). We dressed for dinner and took the elevator down to the 2nd floor to get the express elevator to the 47th floor. The View Restaurant was exquisitely wonderful, on Friday night! The prices were exactly what we'd expect for the service, food quality, view and experience. For a prie fixe of $67.50 per meal (the girls split their meal), we ate WELL - and my husband had several wait staff sing 'Happy Birthday!' to him - BY NAME, to the total delight of our girls!Breakfast at the Atrium Lounge on Saturday morning at 9:30 am was beyond yummy - fabulous service, excellent selections and variety, great omelettes made to order and freshly made waffles and pancakes brought to your table! Oh, My!We had room service for 4 for dinner (after the play and a bicycle rickshaw ride around Central Park), and our food was delivered within 25 minutes of ordering - on a Saturday night?!Overall, we have traveled the world - with and without children - our experience at the Marriott Marquis was one in a lifetime! We are already planning our next trip there! Go Marriott!!!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SaltyDog79
<Content>Personal and Business perspective review       Taken from the bar in the lobby overlooking Times Square  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	1	4	

<Author>PlayingFavorites
<Content>Marquis was just OK We drove in from Maryland for our one-night stay at the Marriott Marquis in late January 2008. Our first experience was pulling into the parking garage and being approached by a slippery parking attendant. He informed us that the parking lot was full. After our brief hesitation, he starts talking about how there are too many rooms and not enough parking spaces, that he would be happy to help us out, but he has to answer to his boss so is there any reason we deserve a spot? He then asked if we were Marriott Rewards members (which we are). We presented him with our number. He proceeded to appear to dig for another legitimate reason we deserved a spot. He then asked us to please wait a minute while he checks availability. I told my friend it was obvious to me this guy wanted paid off. He got out of our car, walked over to him, offered him a $20, and low and behold we had our luggage out of the trunk and we on our way into the hotel within 5 minutes. The Atrium bar was also a bad experience. Don't use the computerized ordering screens at some of the booths. They don't work. No one ever comes. You have to wait for a waitress or just go to the bar and get your drinks yourselves.After the parking lot experience, it didn't really matter to me that the rooms were sufficient and the beds were comfortable. I won't return!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>WatfordTraveller
<Content>Never Again for New Year Stay was 5 nights over the New Year and although I am a Marriott Platinum cardholder clocking some 100 nights last year alone, on the basis of stay at this hotel will not be using Marriotts in future unless it is on points already accrued. We paid over $2,500 non refundable in advance. Arrived on the Friday after flight from UK tired and had to wait 3 hours for room to be ready. Room was partial view of Times Square (not the Ball Drop end). It was an Executive Room but very tired, yuk bathroom and in need of refurbishment. We were so tired we didn't complain and although we made requests via the online concierge for rollaway bed for son, it was not in the room, even after 3 hour wait so had to call housekeeping.One of the few perks of staying so many nights is complementary access to the Executive Lounge for breakfast and soft drinks. Discovered that Executive Lounge was closed on Fridays and Saturdays and not open until Sunday evening. However because of the holiday on the Monday it was moved for a private function to a windowless function room. This was then available for one breakfast and the close up again until after the holiday. I see little point in giving my loyalty to a hotel chain, spending thousands and on that rare non-business occasion for such poor service. At New Year this hotel's focus is how much can it scam its customers so that the lounge overlooking Time Square was closed for a $1000 per head function by the hotel with very large security guards to prevent entry (they seem to have only 12 people attend at best) and it has lost sight of the customer's who keep them going. One of the lovely guys from the Exec Lounge did get us complementary breakfast but when we presented the vouchert to the waitress she there after ignored us we assume on and the presumption that she wasn't going to leave her a tip. What is it about New York hotels!!The only good thing at this hotel was the housekeepers. Lovely ladies.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>visitDC
<Content>Consistently good place to stay I attend a Convention for a week every January and have stayed at a lot of hotels in Times Square. Of all of the hotels I've stayed in, I prefer the Marriott Marquis. The rooms are much bigger than others in the same area, the fitness center is free, the elevators are efficient (now that they've finally finished renovating them), and the staff is nice. Plus, the beds and pillows are really comfortable! If you are visiting Times Square, the Marriott is right in the middle of everything. But if you're there on business, you'll find that the hotel has a nice lounge on the eighth floor for an after-dinner drink, two Starbucks (first floor and eighth floor) for that morning cup of coffee, and is pretty quiet considering it's a huge hotel right in the middle of New York.I have stayed there at least three times that I can remember and have always had good experiences. I highly recommend the Marriott for both business and pleasure!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>hoofandclaw
<Content>A+ Overall Location, location, location. Can't get any better than this Times Square hotel. Outstanding service at all levels. Computerized elevators (all 14) were fast, efficient and quietly taking guest to all 45 floors. Room was clean and updated as expected at Marriotts. Had a minor problem and the manager took care of it. Only gripe--parking. Arrived at 4 PM Sat and valet said it was already full. He directed me to a garage around the corner but the attendant there told me no overnight pkg. Ended up parking 2 blocks away for 1/2 the price ($60/night at Mar). Great gym. Lounge w/nice view over Broadway. The View Restaurant had a fabulous buffet and of course, an unrivaled revolving vista of the city. Expensive hotel but worth it.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>cbee201
<Content>Great stay!       Double room  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>olde_tyme_style
<Content>Luxory in the heart of planet Earth My husband booked a stay here the night he proposed. The room was luxorious and had quite the view of Times Square. The bed was appointed in the finest quality linens and down pillows and comforters. My husband booked a romance package that included strawberries and champagne in the room upon arrival and a dinner at the rotating restaraunt. The strawberries and champage were top quality and so was the food at the restaraunt. The restaraunt staff were polite and courteous in reconciling an error on our dinner bill. The food selection and taste were impecable. The room and bathroom were spotless. As for the location, what can I say? You are in the most exciting location on Earth. The possibilities are endless surrounding this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LAM79UK
<Content>Amazing! We stayed at the Marriott Marquis for five nights for our first wedding anniversary. We originally wanted to have a beach holiday but opted for something different and certainly weren't disappointed! We were lucky enough to have a view of Times Square from our window with the Empire State appearing in the background - fantastic. The lifts (or elevators) were brilliant and we never had to wait. The staff were always helpful and courteous and the maid left our room spotless each day. If you stay at the MM you must have drinks in The View Lounge on the 47th floor - the ride up there is an experience in itself. The drinks are expensive when compared to other bars around Times Square but it is THE only place where you get a 360 degree view of Times Square whilst enjoying a drink or two. We were quite hesitant in venturing out of the vicinity of Times Square in the evenings so spent most of our time eating 'pub food' and also went to Planet Hollywood one eveing. (Don't be alarmed as there are Police on every street corner so you do feel safe especially during the day when it is very busy) If you are more adventerous than us I would highly recommend going that little bit further to enjoy a better meal.We managed to see the main sites but felt we could have stayed longer to experience more of New York City.One last comment to make is that the beds at the MM are so comfortable - we honestly haven't slept that well in a long time! We will certainly be returning to New York at some point in the not too distant future and look forward to staying at the MM again.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lauraat40
<Content>What a trip!!! Came to New York all the way from sunny Edinburgh - Scotland for my 40th birthday, MM was fantastic, the whole hotel was always immaculate and the staff were falling over themselves to be helpful. The room was spacious, beds a little too soft for my liking but the linen felt very luxurious on my poor tired feet at the end of a night. Towels could have been a bit bigger, but again soft and fluffy with a feel of decadence about them! Had read reviews before coming about problems with the waiting time on the lifts - never experienced it at all, the lift in itself was an experience - very fast and a bit gut wrenching as you reached the bottom floor, but all added to the fun. Excellent location for walking to everything in Manhattan and right beside the Times Square city tours bus stop as well, the down town loop trip is fabulous with fantastic entertainment from the tour guides. Would recommend the Marquis Marriott to everyone and anyone, already looking forward to my next trip!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>volubilis
<Content>Great! I spent 5 nights at the MM with my wife and my 9 years old daughter. Everything was perfect! Great location,room spacious and clean,a terrific view on Times square. The staff was extremely friendly. Absolutely no problems with the elevators.I reccomend this hotel,specially if you travel with kids,for them the MM is like Disneyland! Volubilis. MILANO (ITALY)  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>skilancat
<Content>My sixth stay at the Marquis-Just keeps getting better! I almost made the mistake of booking another hotel, just to revisit some of my old haunts in the City. I am so glad that I didn't as the Marquis was the perfect host. They have overcome the nightmares of getting stuck in the elevators between floors and the endless overcrowding and waiting on them. The new system worked perfectly.The room was spotless. Beds snugglier than ever, and the new decor is pleasant. I loved the real hairdryer and seriously, pull out the wallet and spring for room service. You won't be disappointed. It is really fabulous. You get the full movie star treatment, exotic orchid, real silverware and fine crystal and food that is five star. If they say 30 mins. it's there, even an hour before showtime.Rates were 271.00 per night, plus taxes. Brunch Buffet 80.00 for two (always delicious), Lunch 80.00 (salad, soup, quesadillas for two, not so good). Not a cheap place but each time I visit, I budget in one dinner or lunch in their restaurants, one room service and one Brunch Buffet.Well worth the money for a beautiful, safe, courteous place to stay.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WorldTraveller2003
<Content>New Years Eve at the Marriott Marquis       The view from room 1530 at 12.30am New Years Day 2008  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>haut-traveler
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised Having never stayed in a Marriott before, and not expecting much we were pleasantly surprised. My husband and I took our three daughters for one night because my husband had a business meeting very early the next meeting. We had 2 connecting rooms. Usually our hotels of preference when staying in NYC are W Hotels. The meeting was at the Marriott Marquis so we thought this would be easiest. Check in was a breeze. We were suppose to have one king room and one with double beds. We were told we had 2 doubles. No problem This was quickly corrected. The rooms were clean and bigger than we are used to when staying in the city. At around 10 at night I called the at your service button for down pillows, which came right up. I also called for toothbrushes which were delivered promptly as well. After the meeting my family had breakfast in the hotel restaurant which, believe it or not, was delicious. With good rates, service, and cleanliness we will remember the Marriott Marquis before the Ws.The only thing is, next time we will travel with our pillows. Even the down ones were a bit hard on the head.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>mcat1
<Content>Loved the Marriott Marquis!!! We reserved the Romance Package. Loved it!!!!! Our room had a Times Square View... amazing. The champagne delivered to the room was a great touch.. The View Restaurant was wonderful.. the food was very good.. the service was excellent.. and of course the view was Amazing!!!The staff at the Marquis made the stay very easy. After we went to see the tree, we didn't leave the hotel again.. There was NO charge at the gym. open 24 hrs very nice.. most hotels charge you..I would recommend this hotel to anyone.. very nice time.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>CJR13
<Content>Wow ! - Times Square On New Year's Eve       Countdown to 2008 !!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>nanwie
<Content>Location...Location...Location OK, so maybe this isn't the place to stay if you're on a strict budget, but quite honestly then NYC may not be the town for you! This is one very pricey city! The Marquis is a very upscale hotel right in the heart of the theatre district and some of the best eateries NY has to offer. For the more budget conscious you might want to try the Doubletree or the Courtyard close by. Anyway, getting back to the Marquis, I always request a high floor with a view of times square and sometimes get lucky. Always at least ask! The new elevator system is easy to work, but without a doubt takes some time to get used to. There is usually a hotel employee to ask for help if you need it or certainly always another guest. The rooms and baths are spacious enough, while not palatial. However, how much time will you actually spend in your room? And when you are there, you'll most likely be sound asleep after an exhausting day of sightseeing, theatre and definitely eating! Be sure to at least check to see if some of the shows you are hoping to see are available at the half price ticket booth ... incredible savings ... line up early as the crowds grow quickly. ENJOY!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>ichaves25
<Content>Love this hotel We stayed there on mid november. Me and my sister we both work for Marriott as part of their International Lodging area. We just loved the hotel experience...... general.We checked in around 7 am, of course they didnt have rooms at the time but they stored our luggage. We return to the hotel around 7 pm, and got a room on the 32th floor. The room was lovely and the view of the city was stunning. We love the location and went out to shopping at 1 am!!!!If you wanna have a REAL taste of what NY is all about stay here, my sister was arguing because she wanted to stay at the Walforg Astoria but at the end, she was glad we stayed at the Marquis..... you cant beat the location!!!!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>herv_7
<Content>the right hotel in New York Of course, there are more luxurious hotels in New York or more historical or more expensive ones, but none of them can beat its location. And this hotel is so newyorkish: expensive, noisy, big, crowded (OK it was Christmas time). The rooms are fine, clean, the beds extremely comfy. Nothing fancy but everything was fine and in good condition. Re the location, as said before you are close to everything. You can find tickets for broadway shows at a discounted price but you have to be patient (you can easily wait three hours). The rotating restaurant/bar at the top floor is amazing but do not expect for a culinary experience.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>LaurenEk77
<Content>Guess we went on a bad week???? I am confused on the reviews here. After our stay, I was sure to come here and find bad reviews. We went for five days the week prior to Christmas and here is what we experienced. We checked in around noon and were told we could check in and get a lower level room on the 8th floor, or wait and get one on the 49th. We decided to wait four hours and get a higher room. After checking our bags in and walking around the city in our traveling clothes (from Tampa, FL) we returned to find they were giving us the room on the 8th floor. After speaking w/ management we were offered on on the 34th which was fine. The room was a nice size- a little larger than the standard. The bed was VERY comfortable, but there was a layer of dust on the back of the toilet and the tissue box was disgusting. It had toothpaste spray all over the side and dust all over the top. YUCK! My husband always checks the waters b/c we have been charged many times for the person before us opening them and filling w/ tap water. Of course, this had already been done (ALWAYS CHECK THIS!) and we called the front desk immediately so we would not be charged. We left the room and came back two hours later which is when the guy had JUST come to the room to replace the waters. When we rec'd our bill days later, we were charged for the waters we called about! However, it was taken off our bill with a simple visit to the front desk. We were also charged a $15 room service fee for the guy to bring us new ones.The location was excellent w/ the subway close and all shows and good food close. I HIGHLY recomment John's pizza around the corner in the old church- yummy!Concierge was hit or miss. I would either get someone extremely informative and polite, or I got an attitude that they thought they were better than me and how dare I ask them a question. There was a spanish girl w/ med lenght hair that was polite every single time and remembered me. And I always tipped.I also noticed they do not answer the phone with Good evening Mr. Kilpatrick how may I help you? as they did years ago. I missed that and thought it gave it a personal touch.The View is awesome but be careful. I ordered the buffet late one night. It is $20 and within minutes, bus boys ran up and grabbed my plates!!!! I guess they were closing which I wish my waiter expressed to me before I paid $20 for two bites!The elevators were slammed on Sat. and Sun. which is understandable.All in all I will stay somewhere else next time. I'm not sure if they got new management or what but it has gone down hill from a few years ago.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>pjfmpls
<Content>Times Square Loved this hotel in the heart of Times Square. Within walking distance of many great shops, restaurants and shows. Hotel service was attentive but not intrusive. Room was clean and the bed and sheets heavenly. The top floor revolving bar/restaurant (The View) was fantastic for both dinner and drinks. Taxi lines can be long so plan ahead or better yet hire a limo if you really need to be someplace on time.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>1stephbaker
<Content>Great location-don't spend money on upgraded corner room. We made the mistake of booking our trip during UN and Fashion week so all of the hotels were charging 200% more than the average rates, which was frustrating but i guess that is the name of the game. At any rate, we paid a bit more for a corner room to overlook Times Square. Looking back, probably not worth it. Its a small window in the corner of the room so its not like you can wake up and pull back the curtains to the extraordinary view. but the corner rooms do offer a bit more walking space with separate wardrobe, mini bar, etc. room in addition to the bed and bath rooms. If you are going to see plays, shop, etc. its perfect! just step outside and go! Particularly, if you are wanting discounted Broadway tix-the TIX booth is underneath the hotel. We really enjoyed being so close, especially after a good meal or late show and you want to walk and see the lights but not so far!! An extra recommendation-you mut get a drink or pre-show appetizers at the famed The View which is a revolving roof top bar/restaurant. very romantic!!  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Luvorlando1
<Content>Still amazing We just got back tonight (12/21/2007-12/22/2007) from a very decadent (we only live 1 1/4 hrs away) overnight trip to NYC, my Christmas gift from DH. This is the 3rd time I've been at the hotel, once for a business X-mas party in 1996 and 2 x's for personal fun, this stay did not disappoint. The Marquis' biggest asset is placing visitors right in the thick of Times Square, which is like nothing else in the world. All the decorations and sheer adrenaline of the neighborhood plus hotel is almost intoxicating... and why we spend the $ instead of driving back home. It always sends our Christmas Spirit into overdrive, and I just love it. The tree in Rockefeller Center with the angels on each side is a sight that takes my breath away no matter how often I see it, and I've seen it countless times. FAO is always amazing, get there early and leave before the crowds. We did The American Museum of Natural History yesterday with the Supersaver rates and had a blast. Cosmic Collisions is the 3rd show we've seen in the new Rose Center Planetarium and it was breathtaking. The butterfly exhibit was super cool too. Getting to and from the Marquis on the Subway was super easy. In my opinion, getting around NYC from Times Square in general is easy as pie. They have subway maps in the hotel and concierge is a huge help. Cabs also line up outside for the non-adventurous or nervous. We have 2 kids 8  9 so we again went with the least expensive 2 double bed room, not cheap even with DH's corporate partner discount which put us at a base of at $359 . Add on $60 to park 24 + 1 hrs valet and NY tax + a NYC hotel tax and it was a total of $470 or so. The beds are a bit small so this year we brought an airbed and comforter for DS which we placed between the 2nd bed and the window, DD was with me and DH got a bed to himself... it worked out GREAT. Because the rooms all open to an atrium noise can be bothersome for LIGHT sleepers, but since we brought a small travel fan for white noise we were ok. The room was again spotless. Again there wasn't a single problem with the elevators.A HUGE plus to theater goers, or any visitor at all, is the fact that the Marquis now has a TKTS booth directly on the side of the building (where people can purchase 50% off same day Broadway and Theater tickets if you are OK with a hit or miss situation. We ALMOST did Mary Poppins today but opted to visit FAO instead, Wicked isn't there yet... too booked).Another perk of the Marquis is that Restaurant Row is right there on 46th and is filled to the brim with wonderful restaurants. We eat dinner somewhere there every year and are never disappointed. Rolls and bagels with butter are available on almost every corner for a great breakfast (its what many NY'ers do).Today we traveled a bit and all shared 2 slabs of ribs for lunch at the small but exceptional top rated RUB restaurant in Chelsea. RUB stands for Righteous Urban BBQ, and Oh my gosh, it was amazing. We'll be back to the City next year..  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Olfactorius
<Content>Just perfect for the occasion...       Room 3856, King Suite  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>guye
<Content>Average apart from the location We stayed here for three nights in December to see some shows and do some shopping. The location couldn't be better for seeing shows, it is on Times Square and there are about 10 theatres within five minutes' walk. Disney's new show The Little Mermaid is right next door (AMAZING show by the way, really really recommend it to adults and kids alike).Our room, 2803, was unremarkable. It was a little dark due to the small window and the shape of the building, but had been recently refurnished so the bed and chairs were comfortable, also new carpet and curtains. The bathroom was fine, there was a coffee maker, no minibar but two bottles of expensive water, the TV was not a plasma / LCD but an old-style CRT, perhaps it varies depending on room / price paid. The room was extremely clean and smelt fresh.The lifts were good, we didn't wait longer than 30secs while we were there and once you were in they moved very quickly with few stops. We didn't eat breakfast in the hotel, but Junior's across on 45th was absolutely fine, quick service and good food as others have suggested.We ate room service late one night when we were too tired to go out; food was good and delivered quickly, costing $80 for two soups / burgers / sodas.The public areas were well maintained and the few staff we spoke to were friendly and helpful. There was an extensive fitness area which we passed by but didn't use.We paid $500 per night, which was pretty standard for 4* hotels in this area at the time. I guess you pay for the location... this is a pretty average 4* hotel in a great location.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>ElaineJ_7
<Content>Too big This hotel is situated directly on Times Square. If I remember correctly reception is on the 8th floor, which is quitre a way up to the hotel. Receptionist very nice and efficient.This hotel is like a city, it is far too hectic. It is just rush, rush, rush! The lifts, and there are quite a lot of them, are always overflowing with visitors. However, there is a good system whereby one presses the floor required on a pad approaching the lifts and you are then told which lift to go to, which cuts down the number of stops en-route.We had a delux room on the 40th floor facing Times Square. No noise. This was nicely furnished, and kept clean. No complaints here. Accommodation at this hotel is quite expensive.Had three meals at the hotel and didn't rate the food. However, did not go to the restaurant at the top of the hotel, so cannot comment on this.Would I stay at this hotel again - No. It is too big and no personal touches. Would not stay near Times Square again - it is too busy. Incidentally, I have been to NY previously.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>bobo7
<Content>Great Stay at the Marquis Just come back from a great stay at the Marquis. We opted for the Stay for Breakfast package which was fantastic. After eating the buffet breakfast, we didn't need food again until early evening. Although rooms were on request only, we did receive the rooms that we wanted (2 twins). The beds were very comfortable.Ideal central spot for sightseeing and dropping off shopping bags. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tecouag
<Content>Convenient Hotel This hasn't been the best hotel where I have stayed, but may be the most expensive. The hotel is a very good hotel but maybe not for paying a 800 USD per night.Rooms are confortable, the hotel is conveniently located at Times Square and you are walking distance to the famous Fifth Avenue.You have to make a big line at the breakfast time, and maybe it's not worthy at all.You can find tickets to most Teathers in the entrance of the hotel. I really recomend you this hotel, but book it very early so you don't have to pay such a high price.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Jacobjac
<Content>Mediocre We just finished staying for 11 days in December at the Marriott Marquis. It actually didn't meet nor exceed our expectations, which is, we feel, pitiful for the price. It feels as if you're staying in a nice hotel, rather than a great hotel. For most, it would feel indifferent.For its price (it cost us a whopping $10,000+ USD for our entire stay), it should feel a lot better than 'nice'. Amongst the 2002 rooms, you feel like a robot, especially seeing as you quickly realise that the Marquis is heavily biased towards their business customers. This feels overwhelmingly like a businessmen hotel, and you'll meet many of them as you go up and down the elevators.The hotel is overpriced, even for a hotel ($7 bottled water connected to actual sensors that bill your account if they are off the stand for more than 30 seconds) and $117 USD for a sickening in-room breakfast for 2 adults and a child.Another example.. it cost just over $16 for one 4-second call to Australia to ask a family member to call us back.The hotel is also happy to overcharge. You can either decide to challenge it or not. They will pretend that these charges are natural.Being a beginner to New York, you believe that a hotel in the middle of Times Square screams convenience and taste. While this is in some ways true, you quickly realise that a hotel a couple of blocks down, off broadway or at least out of times square could save you several thousands, for simply having to walk an extra 5 minutes. I must stress this.A Times Square hotel also sounds inviting to those who are looking for a view, but from our 36th-floor high room which we payed extra for, we had a spectacular view of the back of a bland building (yes, I'm being sarcastic).The hotel is as deceiving as possible.. it forgets to mention the (just over) $80 USD tax it charges (PER DAY), $3 per day OCC/JAV charge, it charges $16.95 per day for internet if you request it - but upon scanning for WiFi hotspots, they were plentiful from our room, including the hotel's own WiFi hotspot (in essence.. don't bother paying for internet), and the hotel held $5000 on our credit card (followed by more) from the first day we stayed here.Another problem.. cable/satellite television quit working for the entire hotel several times during our stay, staying offline for several hours - especially in the mornings. Speaking of television, we couldn't find any ports to plug in our cameras to view our video and photos we had taken for the day, and the speakers are located in an awkward position, leaving sound muffled.But while the cable was down, we had enormous fun watching the hotel's 3 self-advertisement channels (there's that sarcasm again.. but hey, they do actually have their own advertisement channels.. and the actors are all business men and women..)On arrival, they had forgotten to leave our New York, New York and A Taste of Starbucks packages in the room, but they were reasonably quick in bringing it up. We ordered this from the last-minute soliciting e-mail they send you before your stay. I've gotta say, it's not worth it at all. Save your money.The hotel isn't big on details, nor guiding those who are new here.. we paid extra for a Stay for breakfast package, which entitled us (we quickly learned the 4 year old is counted as a party, so only two adults would be able to eat, or one adult and the child) to paid-for breakfast each morning.Upon checking in, we were asked what breakfast option we would like, and were invited to pay an extra $100 per day. They weren't clear on the options, so we just stuck to what we had paid for. One morning, we went down to Encore (naturally, being the only restaurant serving breakfast.. though, we weren't told this) and entered the restaurant, not knowing exactly how to use our package. We asked a desk clerk, who asked for our room number. 'Over there', we were instructed. We were seated, and given a menu. This was confusing because I had thought we paid for a buffet. I wasn't sure whether to serve ourself or wait for someone to come over to us. After some confusion, we quit, and left to get some easy breakfast. This isn't a hotel for the inexperienced. We rang the front desk and asked if we could quit or exchange our breakfast portion of the package.. they denied both requests.Security is also inconsistent.. They have fairly useless doormen and greeters (greeting you sometimes) who also seem to act as some sort of low-level security. They also have what looks to be a security desk that doesn't seem to do a lot, other than likely looking for obvious madmen running around with guns. One night, when returning, everyone was required to show their keycards to use the elevators to go up. This was the only real security we've faced, but at the same time it was also inconvenient and felt odd considering it was only on that night. I'm not sure if this is because of a security incident in the hotel or because they just felt like it.We also learned on the 7th night that you should actually key in your floor number into the elevator system for each person (for instance, type '36' three times if there is three of you going to that floor). I'm sure no one does this, but this is what should be done to apparently have their system work optimally.The hotel unfortunately does nothing to make you feel as if your money has been well spent. This is not luxury.. it is just a nice hotel in an excellent location. And that's something that you actually DO NOT need (or at least, do not need to pay this much for). Don't fool yourself into thinking otherwise.This hotel is a nice treat for all of the businesses paying for their employees to a stay here... but it's an excellent waste of the business's money, from that standpoint.One last note which has been covered in other reviews.. the ambience, design and feel of the hotel in public areas isn't what we expected. It just isn't that great, especially seeing as it's Christmas. Bland best describes it.I would seriously consider my other options next time. This is just an honest review and 2 cents from 2 different adult travelers sharing a room (with a child).It's too hard to consider the few good points about the hotel when you're being ripped off daily.The nicest experience we had in this hotel was actually our friendly housekeeper, who we accordingly gave good tips to. (Thank you Hesena).Other minor problems? Power outlets were flimsy, the toilet clogs easily, the coffee machine didn't work, the remote control for the TV gave up and we found a woman's nail on the floor.The best part of our deal at the hotel is that we joined their membership program and asked for airline points, rather than Marriot reward points. Phew!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>BaltimoreFlyer
<Content>Nice if you can get a good rate I work in MidTown about 2 or 3 times per month, and I stay here because it is centrally located. The hotel is clean, but big, so the lobby gets crowded in the evening. The rooms are nice, although the 45th floor (top floor) is rather noisy because of all of the mechanical equipment up there (air conditioning, etc.)I feel that at over $300/night, hotels in New York are pricey, but like others say, it is in Times Square, and very convenient for me. The one thing that is way too pricey? Internet access. It is now $16.95! And that is for 3,000Kb/upload and 300Kb/download. I am lucky to be able to charge this cost back to my customer, but if you are watching your costs on your trip to New York, just be aware.Overall, very nice hotel, good service, great location.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>TarheelTraveler90
<Content>Great Location Just returned from 3 nights at the Marriott Marquis. This hotel is in a great location! The elevator system was very efficient. The hotel was at capacity but we never waited more than a minute for an elevator. Staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Our room was very spacious on the 45th floor and had a great view of Times Square. As for the TV we had a 40 LCD. This is a very nice hotel but definitely not a luxury property.For breakfast we recommend Junior's directly across the street on 45th. The food was excellent, prices reasonable, and service quick. A good family place for dinner is John's Pizzeria on 44th. We also enjoyed Ellen's Stardust Diner on Broadway at 50th.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xten1979
<Content>Nice Digs in Time Square I'm consistently happy with my service at Marriotts and the Marriott Marquis in Time Square was no different. The staff was extremely polite and helpful. The rooms were a good size, especially for NYC. The beds were unbelievably comfortable as I have become acustomed to at all Marriotts. Some other note worthy items: 1. The gym facilities are fantastic. You can literally run or glide yourself into oblivion overlooking Time Square, so cool. Little know fact, if you work out, you can fill up your empty water bottle as many times as you need at their water cooler. Beats paying $7 for a large bottle of water in the hotel!2. Anyone who has stayed in a very large hotel like this one in NYC during conventions or any other big event knows about the elevator situations. Waiting 20 minutes and elevators never coming or they're all full when they finally get to you. This problem has been solved, in my opinion, ingeniously by the Marriott (although I'm sure there not the first place to provide this technology). The computer assigns you to an elevator so you're never left wondering if you're going to get one. The longest I had to wait during a very large convention was 3 or 4 minutes.Obviously, the prices are an issue because the hotel is on Time Square. However, the smart will venture a few blocks away from Time Square and find that prices drop dramatically.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Desi_traveler_77
<Content>Disappointed Disappointed in the Marriott Marquis. After many recommendations we decided to stay at the Marriott for the ridicules rate of over $600. On arrival we were sent to a 鈥渄eluxe鈥?room on the 35th floor. The room was slightly larger than a walk-in closet overlooking an office building about 200ft away. The bed I will admit was very comfortable, but the TV is off to the side in a cabinet. When I tried to pull it out, the ancient 27鈥?console TV almost fell out. The worst part about it, is that in order to watch TV from the bed you have to be completely twisted to the side. The carpet is old and room has that aged smell that you don鈥檛 expect of a $600 hotel room. The other thing I will mention is the hotel elevators. In order to get to your room you have to punch in your floor number then it assigns you an elevator letter something from A-K I think. It seemed to get to your floor from the lobby typically took 2-5 minutes of wait time for an elevator. To find an elevator to come down on from your floor took upwards of 10minutes, and when it did come it was filled with nearly 20 people. There are two things that did stand out about the hotel in a good way, the location, and the staff. The hotel is in the center of everything with easy access to restaurants, shops, and all the Broadway theaters. The staff was remarkable. Very engaging, helpful, and abundant number of staff at every corner trying to make your stay as pleasant as possible.Overall I would possibly go back if the price was more reasonable and the room was upgraded. The location is spectacular and the staff is helpful, and I think that is why the shoddy rooms get overlooked.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>3	2	1	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>calimonkey
<Content>Fantastic location We just returned from a 4 night stay at the Marriott Marquis and were very pleased in all areas. Upon arrival, I requested a room with a good view as this was our first time to New York. The clerk cheerfully gave us a room on the 36th floor overlooking Times Square. The room was plenty spacious and very clean. We had drinks at the bar on the 8th floor and our bartender, Infinie was very friendly and at our request suggested a fantastic local Italian restaurant (Amarone's) which we very much enjoyed. On our last night we went up to the View Lounge to have a drink, but it was in the clouds and there was no view to be had.We ate twice at a restaurant on the 8th floor which was a bit expensive, but it was handy and the food was fairly good. We would return in a heartbeat and will not hesitate to recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>voncooky
<Content>Loved it Normally prefer boutique style hotels but this is New york and the hotel was excellent. The staff were without exception super polite and efficient. The rooms, bed and bathrooms were cleaned and well stocked. It was even quiet in the room despite being on Times Square. No hesitations at all about saying how good it was. The prices of water in the room and food and drinks do match the class of hotel so be a bit careful there. Otherwise just brilliant.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>piggywiggy01
<Content>Comfortable, clean hotel - great beds, great views!       View from Room 2403  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>JRichOttawa
<Content>Amazing The Marriott Marquis is something of a New York City tourist attraction in itself, thousands of people each day plop down for a drink in the lounge overlooking Times Square. I had made a request through the hotel website to get a room overlooking Times Square and low and behold I opened the curtain of our 20 something floor room and I was staring right at the coke bottle. For the location and the quality of the hotel I did not find the price unreasonable especially if you're able to score a Govt or corporate rate. If you stay here you will not be disapointed.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MichelleBD
<Content>Just OK Don't get me wrong, this is a very nice hotel. The rooms were a nice size and comfortable, and it was in a great location if you wanted to be in the middle of the action. But for the price, it was just average. It didn't feel like staying in a great City. It felt like staying in a very nice hotel. There was nothing terribly special about this hotel. Nothing to make you want to visit again. The room service was not great, and the bar was also just average. I would reccomend staying in a hotel with a bit more personality and charm if you are visiting NYC for the first time.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Sylvainautourdumonde
<Content>Outstanding location but $$$ and deceiving Of course, location is everything for this hotel: right in the middle of Times Square. Hard to beat.The hotel is so huge it becomes overwhelming. It has 49 floors, 1892 rooms, 57 suites and 6 restaurants. Even if staff is friendly and professional, you just don't feel you belong there. You don't feel confortable. All human proportion is crushed under the traffic going around and the gigantism of the place (high speed elevators, 2 lobby floors, 40 floor high atrium, etc.)The room was nice, confortable, spacious and up to Marriott standard. But your one the nearly 2000 rooms. No personnal sense here. No need to train staff to recognize who or to great you by your name !Prices are also overwhelming. All prices (standard room around 500$/night, parking 50$/night, etc.) There are better deals around in Times Square.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>3	1	4	5	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>johnrd216
<Content>Great Location       View from hotel restaurant  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>oliver5125
<Content>Right in the heart of NYC We booked a room overlooking Times Square and it is well worth the extra charge. The view is mesmerising. Paid $489 - $523 per night and great value at that. This hotel is so centrally placed, the lifts are a thrilling experience in themselves, and the staff are very courteous and helpful. The 38-storey atrium is spectacular. A drink in The View lounge at the top is interesting, but the bars on check-in level on the 8th Floor are more comfortable. This hotel really made our 5 nights in NYC - we would recommend it to anyone. One word of warning - when charging meals and drinks to your room it is easy for someone to overhear your name and room number and take advantage later. Also, mistakes can be made - a $400 meal in the restaurant was charged to our account and it took 20 minutes to have the bill rectified. The explanation was that it was someone with the same name staying in another room and they got the numbers mixed up. For your trip home, hire a stretch limo at the front desk - about $160 to Kennedy and a great way to end your stay.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	3	3	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>TorontoPopchick
<Content>Beyond Expectations My sister and I booked a four night stay at the Marriott Marquis Times Square at the last minute. Our decision to stay at this hotel was a list minute one. I had never stayed in the Times Square vicinity and was very concerned about noise. I shouldn't have worried. The Marriott Marquis is the best hotel I've stayed in while in NYC. The hotel was a quiet, comfortable oasis. We could not believe how quiet the actual room was. We had a room with two double beds - it was spacious, exceptionally clean and quiet!! The beds...pure heaven! Lovely soft linens and pillows that I wanted to take home. I have never been so comfortable in a room in NYC. The hotel itself is quite busy on the ground level and around the elevators, but we felt that the bell boys, desk staff...everyone was friendly and willing to assist us. We ordered room service breakfast several times (try the hot chocolate!) and sampled the breakfast buffet in the restaurant on the 8th floor - both were delicious and the convenience was ideal. Speaking of the restaurant on the 8th, we also had two very quick dinners before rushing off to Broadway and the food is excellent. It's a bit pricey but you can't beat the convenience -- and both meals were miles better than several that we had had out in the city! We enjoyed the Encore Lounge's comfy couches and refreshing beverages - why line up for a loud annoying bar in Times Square when you can relax in peace at the hotel lounge? The gift shop and Broadway ticket booth were also a nice surprise and the next time, I plan to use that amazing gym!And we LOVED the quiet glass elevators. You would think that we were kids from our glee at the fun ride down to ground level. LOVED IT!The hotel couldn't be in a more central area for us. Although it's a bit pricier than I would normally pay, the quiet, clean experience was worth the extra cash. I have now found my NYC hotel and do plan on returning next year. It's wonderful when you don't have to worry about the hotel and can get on with enjoying your trip. A++ for this hotel!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>msbrown76
<Content>Very pricey, but very nice Loved, loved, LOVED this hotel! It's quite pricey though...about $40 per night. Luckily I had Marriott points, so we stayed for free. Inside, the hotel is beautiful. The elevators had me amazed for a little while. The location is great, the service was impeccable; this is by far the best Marriott I have ever been to. The restaurants and lounges were a little pricey, but hey, that's NYC. The food and drinks were very good though. I don't even want to stay anywhere else when I go to NY!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ppage100
<Content>Nice, but pricy This hotel is in a prime location in the middle of time square. The rooms are nice, and the staff friendly. It was very quiet and convenient. Very expensive, but understandable for the location.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ant0725
<Content>Great location Booked the Marriott Marquis through a convention travel site. I book groups of room for our company employees, from 3 to 16 rooms per function. The Marquis is in a perfect location, in my opinion: the heart of Times Square, walking distance to Central Park, tons of restaurants and theaters, close to the subway, and definitely smack dab in the middle of Manhattan excitement. The hop on/hop off shuttle bus tours stop a block from the hotel. I would definitely suggest all visitors do the bus tour at least once - you learn a lot about the city along with some of its history. The hotel rooms were spacious enough for my husband and I, and our adult son (they joined me for 4 days of my 8 day business trip). The front desk employees ALL were impersonal, and not very friendly. The rest of the hotel employees I dealt with were nice: housekeeping, greeters, bellhop, fitness center, especially the AT YOUR SERVICE staff. I'm a Marriott card member, but rec'd no upgrades or special treatment. When I asked for a corner room or one with a view, I was told it would cost another $50 to $70 per night. No thanks! Very comfortable beds, always. Nice large screen tv. Loved the elevator system. Great fitness center. I'd stay here again.Fun place to eat: Ellen's Stardust Diner. Good food: Ruby Foo's. Shopping: the weekend flea market!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	4	4	

<Author>Shezza_M
<Content>Faultless but impersonal This hotel is nothing like anywhere i would normally stay. Large - 48 floors, and felt more like a thouroughfare or bazaar rather than a hotel. However, excellent service, very large rooms, great views, great location. You can't fault anything about this hotel, from the Starbucks in reception to the rotating bar/restaurant on floor 48, the knowledgable and efficient concierge, and time-saving taxi system. If you prefer boutique, you might want to stay away. This is by far the best large hotel I have ever stayed in.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>tropicalfan
<Content>Heart of Times Square We have stayed here several times and it never disappoints. Rooms are large for NYC, have couches and great city views. It is pricy (getting a room for under $400 should be considered a deal), but what hotel in the heart of Times Square isn't expensive!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>DisneySingapore
<Content>Great! Location was great - right in Times Square.Train - only less than 5 mins walk to the train station. has a lot of different linesRooms - Considering NY standard, rooms were huge! Imagine 2 queen beds, many pillows. I had a plasma TV in my room too!Toilet - clean. just that shower was a little weak. but that is fine. Gym - Gym overlooks Times Squarethe only bad thing - the lifts sometimes take a long time  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>ramagana
<Content>Great Location.... right in the heart of TSquare Great hotel! really nice and comfortable rooms, really friendly service. I would recommend eating there even though it is kind of expensive, the food is really good. Really conformatable beds, the room was impecable. I really would recommend this hotel, this was the second time I stayed there, I am pretty sure that the next time I go to NYC I am staying at this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>KeithRHooper
<Content>Marriott Marquis New York Location Location Location       Time Square from Room 4221  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>MeowMeowMeow
<Content>Great for Tourists - Not for Business Travelers There is no doubt that this hotel is in a great location! If you are a tourist and going for a few days, I think it would be great. As for staying there while on business, I will not do it again. I've stayed here probably 4 times this year, and the quality of the room and level of customer service has declined at each visit. Done!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	2	2	4	

<Author>MikeNCal
<Content>Excellent Staff and Good Large Hotel Staff are excellent at this property. I interacted with at least six staff members and all greeted me with smile and provide great personal, something I would not expect at such a large hotel. Location is in the middle of everything. Rooms are large and clean. Great gym with views of Times Square. Dedicated check-in for elite members with Fiji water and chocolates. Only draw back was the lobby has two nice bars, but the central one was always closed. I would stay again.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sophiegirl04
<Content>Yes it is pricey - but you get what you pay for! Pricey and busy - but exceptional service in a great location. We have stayed elsewhere  enjoyed it - but the Marquis will now be our NY home! Room and bath was quite large for NY; maid service was excellent, and all special requests were handled promptly. No issue with storage of luggage (checking in or out); or with elevator wait times. Our room had a great view of times square - which was wonderful in the late afternoon when we were worn out - could just sit  watch the world go by! Also was great after the theatre - instead of fighting the crowds at a restaurant, we popped into Junior's (right across the street) got carry-out, and took it up to the room! (and somewhat unusual for NY - the room has a coffeepot!) The upgrade often costs $$$ - but in our opinion it was worth it. When figuring costs, we also realized that we saved on cab fares being in this hotel, as we could walk to all theatres, rock center, etc. In addition to Juniors', there is a Starbucks in the lobby and on the street level of the hotel. Exercise room also overlooks times sq - all in all, a great property which we highly recommend!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>wiiiill
<Content>Superb location...       Exterior - from Times Square  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>mimicry
<Content>Comfy stay in Times Square       2 double beds  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ChicagoKat
<Content>Very nice hotel, loved the central location First impression of the ground floor of the hotel was not good, but as soon as we got to the lobby (on the 8th floor) everything changed. The hotel is lovely, the staff is wonderful. We had a fairly nice sized room with 2 queen beds. The beds and pillows were comfy! The bathroom was also a good size, although I wasn't crazy about the low water pressure in the shower. Although I really enjoyed the hotel, I probably wouldn't stay in Times Square again. Although it is easy to get to other neighborhoods from it, it is a madhouse with crowded streets at all times!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hairdresserPa
<Content>absolutely loved this hotel I went with my girlfriend to a conference and was utterly amazed how beautiful this hotel is.Everyone was ready to help without even asking for it.I felt save and secure with the security they have there,and i was especially impressed with the hospitality coordinator,Felix Cruz.He always greeted you with a smile and was asking if he could help you in any way.I will definietly be staying ther again!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>worldwanderlust
<Content>Good hotel, but not luxury We just got back from a weeks stay in the Marquis. The location is good (if you don't mind the hectic Times Square). Easy access to shows and subways. The hotel itself if fine, but I would rate it more like a nice 3 star than a 4 star. The rooms/building is older, but well kept. The rooms are fine, but not luxurious. Old popcorn ceilings/walls and such. Just standard furnishings and bathrooms. No robes, no free hi-speed internet, no mini-bar. The bed were very nice though and comfortable. No problem with using the elevators.Room service was terrible. When we reserved we ordered a cheese plate to be in our rooms when we arrived as we were arriving very late. When we checked in and the front desk confirmed that it was there and all was set (room service was still open, so it was not that they were shut down). We got to our room and it was not there. After an hour and 4 phone calls later it arrived! It was now 1am! Why bother pre-ordering! The next morning we called to order breakfast and they advised it would take at least 45 minutes as the elevators were busy. So no food again for us. A few days later I ordered a salad (well after dinner time rush) and it took almost an hour to get! That was a salad, nothing was even cooked!So it is fine to stay at, clean and comfortable, but not luxury. We thought of it as more like a nice Best Western. Next time we will try somewhere else.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	5	1	3	

<Author>KarenfromDC
<Content>In the middle of the madness The Marriot Marquis is in the center of Times Square, and it epitomizes New York in many ways -- large, noisy, crowded, chaotic but also fun and festive. Basically, it's a matter of personal preference; my favorite place to stay is the quiet, old fashioned Alconquin Hotel, but if you want flashy and high-energy, this is the place for you. We were in NYC for only one night and attended to a show a block a way (most of the shows are within a 1-3 block radius), so this worked out very well. We had a large comfortable room on the 39th floor, and after the show we had a drink at the revolving restaurant and bar on the top floor. The drinks are pricey -- cocktails are $13-$15.00 - but bear in mind you are paying for the experience, which was fun. One quibble -there was peculiar gelatanous substance that came up through the drain pipe in the sink with a good bit of sand. That grossed us out.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	2	4	-1	-1	

<Author>akssms
<Content>Loved the Marquis Just returned from a great 6 day trip to NYC and stayed at the Marquis. Was a bit worried beforehand given the size of the hotel but from start to finish the hotel was excellent. I lived in NYC for 6 months back in 2005 so location was important for me. The hotel location is superb, close to everthing you could ask for. The rooms are tidy and cleanand the beds are very comfortable. Overall higly recommended. The lifts are very easy to understand despite some reviewers who have mentioned this problem. If you wish to stay anywhere in NYC, this is the place to stay.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tandarook
<Content>Location, luxury and convenience! After having stayed at the Marriott twice before (once in 2005 and once earlier this year for a conference) I returned with a friend for an extended girls weekend in New York and again wasn鈥檛 disappointed.Yes the Marriott is a little on the expensive side but for a luxury hotel in the heart of Times Square you really do get what you pay for.The property is upmarket, extremely clean and feels fresh and new. The beds are to die for, so much so my friend spent most of the weekend working out how she might be able to take it home with her!In terms of location this truly is the premiere spot in Times Square for tourists. All the tourist buses leave from right out the front of the hotel or at the very most a block away. All the theatres are close by, and the addition of Juniors across the street now means there is a fast, cheap, convenient restaurant nearby for a quick bite before the theatre if you can鈥檛 be bothered walking down to 9th street (give the 8th floor lobby restaurant in the hotel a miss as it鈥檚 way are too pricey for the food you get).Although the business centre and phone call costs are expensive they are comparable to other hotels of this calibre ($2 per call and $8 per 15 minutes for internet access). US travellers can get around this by bringing their mobiles and laptops.As for complaints about the lift system it is quite straight forward to use and manages lift load balance. Basically you punch in your floor number and it tells you which lift to go to (not really rocket science!). The upside of this system is you never encounter a lift that is too full to get in which I really appreciated.Every staff member at this hotel is friendly and superbly professional and nothing is too much trouble.We had a wonderful time and highly recommend this hotel to anyone considering spending time in the Times Square District.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>morganlnn
<Content>Great Location Great Hotel!!!!!! Just got back from a great three days in New York City The Marriott Marquis is the best of all the Marriotts we have ever stayed in and over the years we have stayed in every one of their brands.We were upgraded to a deluxe room on the 45th floor.It has a flat screen TV marble bathroon coffee maker in the roomvery comfortable b eds with deluxe bedding newspaper every morning delivered to the room. The Marquis rooms are large plenty of room to move about with a sitting area by the window two chairs and small table plus a desk with computer connections which I did not use. The elevator system is high tech and takes only a minute to figure out. They are very quick and efficient. The bar on the48th floor should not be missed!!!If you just want a drink or a drink and buffet it is a great experience!Whereever you eat in the hotel the food is excellent..Also had two Starbucks for your coffee fix!!! Everyone who works there is very helpful and pleasant. Would highly recommend this hotel to everyone!!!!!1 It is expensive but they do have specials if you are a Marriott frequent traveler. And it is very clean and decorated beatifully!!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gadawg74
<Content>First Class Stay at the Marriott Marquis Thanks to several tips and suggestions from others on tripadvisor.com, we decided to stay at the Marriott Marquis. From check-in to check-out, our stay at the Marquis was excellent. We stepped out of our cab and were amazed that Times Square was literally right outside the hotel lobby. As soon as we walked in the street-level lobby, a staff member was there to greet us and guide us to check-in. Our room was very nice. The hotel is very busy, but we never had to wait long for an elevator to anywhere in the hotel. The View Lounge was a great spot to enjoy cocktails our first night. A little pricey for drinks, but worth the experience. All in all, a wonderful stay. We will definitely stay there again and would recommend others do the same when visiting NYC.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>11messiah
<Content>"Nice View" Stayed overnight because of a job fair in the hotel. Room was fantastic. Everything was found in its place and was so neat and clean.Right on Times Square so had a view of the lights at night. Near all Broadway shows and restaurants.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>terryjgardner
<Content>Recommended       The view from the 29th floor  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>plinebaugh
<Content>Great Stay, Great Location My wife and i stayed at the Marriott Marquis on a pleasure / business trip. We have stayed in the city many times but this was our first experience in this hotel. From the moment we arrived until the moment we checked out, we had a terrific experience. Since the property is located in the heart of Times Square, the ground floor is very busy, but once we got to the 8th floor check-in desk, the crowd thinned quite a bit. The elevator system is a bit confusing at first but once you have it figured out it is quite efficient. The staff were extremely friendly on check-in. We had asked for a high floor and got the 30th floor with a view of Times Square as well as a glimpse of the Hudson River. The lounge area on the 8th floor is very nice with a very good view of Times Square. The ambiance is calming, escaping from the hustle and bustle of the city, with a soft piano playing in the background. A good selection of wines and specialty drinks are plentiful, however the wait staff, while extremely friendly, seemed a bit overworked. It took some time to get a drink or a refill or even our check.The bar / restaurant on the 48th floor takes some work to get to, also. You have to go to the 3rd floor and take the express elevator to the 48th floor. But once you arrive it takes your breath away. We went up there after dinner, so the crowd was thinning and got a seat right away. It took a few minutes to realize that the room was actually moving and the view is constantly changing. A must see, for the evening.Our room was very large with all the ammenities I have come to expect from Marriott. The internet charge was a bit steep ($16 per day) but it included long distance charges as well. The cleaning staff was very attentive and prompt.If you're looking for a hotel in the middle of everything, this is the place for you. it is a bit pricey $329, but if you plan well inadvance you can find a deal.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>bcbythesea
<Content>Good Hotel, Good Location We had requested an early check-in and were told that it would depend on room availability upon arrival. When we did show up a room was available. The staff were very nice and the room was great. The location was awesome as it is centered in Times Square. We stayed there for 6 nights and completely enjoyed ourselves.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>JennyLH
<Content>Breathtaking views, great central location Just returned from my first visit to New York. This hotel is really in the centre of things and a great way to experience NY for the first time. If you stay here visit the 43rd floor revolving bar. You can sip cocktails with views of the whole of New York spread out before you. We did this on our first night and it really gave you an awesome introduction to the scale of the city. The hotel is well designed with a central column of glass lifts taking you up and down all the floors. The room was really spacious and the bed incredibly comfy. Being on high floors also cut out the noise from the street and our room was surprisingly quiet.You step outside right into the centre of Times Square which is full of great shops and Broadway is just round the corner. To go further afield catch a Greyline Open Top Tour Bus which runs guided tours through all the main areas of Manhatten. You can hop on and off where you want.The only downsides were the bill ! They added about 拢50 a day tax and surcharges to the price we thought we were paying. Also it is a very high building and the lifts are glass so if you don't like heights don't stay here.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>owe1
<Content>Loved the Marriott Marquis I was a bit unsure about this location due to the possibility of noise. We had a room on the 30th floor. It was very quiet and we have no complaints. Everything exceeded our expectations.The only negative would be that it took more time that it should have at check in.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>jahjay62
<Content>Great Hotel I spent the weekend in NYC and really enjoyed the Marriott Marquis. The hotel is in a great location. The service was great and we really enjoyed alternating between relaxing at the hotel and touring New York City. We spent a lot of time walking and taking the subway. Overall a great experience. The elevators were busy but not a problem. All staff were courteous and helpful. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>plots
<Content>Horrible experience Our train to New York was delayed for several hours, and I called the hotel twice and the main Marriott number once to ensure that our room would still be available when we arrived, and I was assured 3 times that it would be.So at 12:30 a.m., my husband and I, along with our 5-month-old daughter, were told at the front desk that, in fact, they did not have a room for us. We were told that we would have to go to another Marriott hotel, which meant schlepping everything and the baby back into a cab in the middle of the night. When I responded negatively to this, we were finally told that if we waited 20 minutes, a room would be made up for us. Thirty minutes passed, and we were still sitting there with our exhausted, screaming baby.Finally, I went and stood in front of the desk until we were given a room. The room itself was nice, but our check-in experience was so horrible that the entire stay was ruined.I like Marriott, but would definitely recommend the Renaissance down the street, once they finished renovations, over the Marquis.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>1	3	4	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>AZyoung
<Content>Awesome Hotel! Great Location! Large Rooms!       sitting area  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SteveC_and_family
<Content>Excellent hotel  Steve  Family, UK 16-18 August 2007Great location with our room overlooking Times Square 鈥?a great view out 24hrs a day. Reasonable sized room with usual facilities 鈥?good beds, safe etc. Staff always seemed courteous and attentive. Despite other comments, elevators seemed unnecessarily complex with lots of people waiting for the next one.Good rotating lounge bar at the top which seemed to be reasonably priced despite the location 鈥?I would expect to pay much more in the UK/Europe.Ideally situated hotel 鈥?good restaurants around at reasonable prices due to the level of competition 鈥?good recommendations from the limo driver on the way from the airport  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Maier
<Content>Very busy but good Hotel We stayed for two nights at the Marriott Marquis on Times Square. The hotel is very busy, the lobby contains ticket shops, an American Express travel shop, a Starbucks and two restaurants and a bar. On ground level there is the main last minute ticket sales office of the theatre district. There is no quiet spot in this hotel, not even in your room. So you must be aware about that this is no quiet country club.Once this is clear, the hotel is good. We were upgraded into a room with Times Square view, which was a good thing, but also increased the noise level. The room was large for NYC standard.We had dinner in the VIEW restaurant on 47th floor. The restaurant is revolving and makes dining a nice experience.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>valpete
<Content>Better Than Expected I just recently stayed her for 4 nights the beginning of August for a trade show at the Javitz Center. I was hesitant to stay here as it seemed like such a large hotel and I am not too crazy about the Times Square area as I travel into NYC quite often for work and that area is too toursity. On this trip it did not matter since I was not in the TS area much. The hotel was a pleasant surprise. The rooms was very comfortable, clean and everything in working order. At night, even with the size of the hotel it was amazingly quiet. The elevators were programmed well and I never had to wait more that 2 minutes. The business center was helpful and the amenities I used(health club, Starbucks, bar area) were convenient. The housekeeping was prompt and never missed anything. You are just a number as there is no personal service due to the size of the hotel, but for me that did not matter. I would recommend the hotel, I had a very pleasant experience here.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>magoosie
<Content>You DO get what you pay for! Stayed here for a conference 4 days in August. I have no idea why people complain about the elevators. In 4 days I never waited longer than about 90 seconds - and that's with two major conferences in the hotel! My room was large by NY standards and had everything I needed. The toiletries were phenomenal - a little thing, but noticeable. The room staff were very friendly and recognized me by day 2. Amazing in a hotel with 2000 rooms! All of the staff were very helpful. I was concerned about going to NY by myself but felt very safe. The workout room has the most amazing view. The tkts booth is at the base of the hotel, and the Marquis theater is right in the hotel. Centrally located to everything - if you like to walk you can see almost all of the famous Manhattan sites on foot. Tour bus stop is one block away, most theaters are within walking distance, more restaurants than you could possibly sample within 5 blocks. Yes, it's pricey - but in this case you truly DO get what you pay for.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LizDavie_Fl
<Content>In the middle of it all! We just got back from a few days in the city to see the US Open. The hotel has been updated. Our first room was small. However, they were good to move us to a larger room with a view no extra charge. Elevator system works well. Perfect location...try to catch a show in the hotel, very convenient!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>TheImproperBostonian
<Content>Great Location - Large, City Hotel This was our 2nd stay at the Marriott Marquis - and for a second time in a row, the Marriott Marquis lived up to our expectations.* can't beat the location!* room is a decent size for New York, with very comfortable Marriott beds* extremely efficient valet and luggage handling system* fantastic bar overlooking Times SquareLike everything else in NYC, you pay a little more than you'd like -but I highly recommend the Marquis, especially if you're in town tosee a show!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lithlith
<Content>Marriott Marquis Times Square New York We stayed here for 4 nights in June of 2006. The location of this hotel is perfect. However, overall, I was very disappointed with this hotel. The rooms were very tiny. Our first room was so tiny that we asked for another one. The second room was just slightly larger. The huge bank of elevators can be confusing. I suppose for the average hotel guest, they would be quite efficient, however, our case was different. We were originally on the concierge floor, but when we switched rooms, we weren't on that floor. Certain elevators only go to certain floors, so we could not directly get to the concierge floor without taking the elevator all the way to the lobby and then back up, which was quite annoying when you just want your breakfast or a quick snack.The concierge lounge was also disappointing to us. It was not as large and there was not as big of a selection of food at breakfast as what we have had at other Marriott concierge lounges. Although it was still nice to have access to the free snacks and breakfast.The workout/fitness center was very cool. It over looks Times Square, so you can watch the action while you work out.Like I said before the best part about this hotel is the fabulous location. The half off ticket booth for Broadway shows is literally at the base of the hotel on the street level and the theaters are also within a 5-15 minute walk. The nearest subway stop is less than a 5 minute walk away. There are tons of choices for restaurants and entertainment since you are in the middle of Times Square. If you are a taxi person, there is a huge line of people waiting for taxis at the hotel starting around 5pm. It would be faster to walk or take the subway if you have to travel at rush hour.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>write2david
<Content>good hotel, but guests are anonymous great rooms, although could do with a spruce up, but guests are totally anonymous, which is a little boring. try to stay somewhere smaller in ny if you can.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Christy F
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Locaton We recently spent a weekend at the TImes Square Marriott Marquis and it was fabulous. After being here several years ago it was a pleasant surprise that a new elevator system is in place - so there is literally no wait for an elevator - has had been a problem in the past. The room was spacious and clean and the location is great for walking all over the city. We went to a Yankees game and it was an easy walk to the subway to get us there. I would definitely stay here in the future.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>sothankfulforreviews
<Content>Can't say one bad thing..... This place has it all. IF you want to be in the heartbeat of NYC (no quietness here!), you found it. The size of the rooms are probably double of anywhere else closeby. The views are astounding. The rates were competitive for NYC. Service was top notch. Great bar! Starbucks in the lobby (although VERY crowded as you can imagine), and a FABULOUS, rel. inexpensive breakfast place right across the street. Very bustling. Pros: location, size, value, service. Cons: not the place to be if you want a relaxed/laid back atmosphere, this place is a hub of activity, inside and out. Not intimate. Lots of elevator rides. Possibly waiting in line to catch a cab. But all organized and laid out well. Would stay there again most certainly.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>labarkley
<Content>mixed views of the marriot Check in was painless and friendly, the lifts are great and extremely easy to use.We were disappointed by the room, we had booked a deluxe corner, expecting better views. There was one tiny window right in the corner of the room making the room very dark, also the lighting was poor, there was nowhere to put make up on. The carpet was thin and was not flat on the floor, the TV was at a very strange angle which made viewing difficult and the reception was poor. The bathroom tiles were cracked and uneven, the toilet seat was a disgrace, it was chipped and discoloured, as was the bath. The whole room was tired.Positively, we had a view of time square, the bed was comfy and the bedding old yet good quality, there was a coffeee machine and the room was enormous, we had a sofa, a desk, armchair and the hairdrier and toiletries were fine. (Though loo seat incredibly low! My husband at 6 ft 8 struggled)The bar was a lively place, the Atrium bar was never open and they closed the main bar one night for a private function! How contemptuous of their paying guests is that? The rotating restaurant is good, the bar is a bit of a childrens playground, as parents let them run around screaming while they fill their plates from the buffet.Our complaints were always met with the utmost courtesy, the staff were super, but nothing was ever done, we had ordered a fridge for the room a week before the trip but they had run out, so that was it, in 90 degree heat no fridge. Prices were high for a quite downmarket hotel. Cocktails $15.If you love Time Square and the vulgerness of it all this is the place for you, if you want a bit of style and elegance it isn't. The position is great for Broadway there are lots of bars and restaurants nearby. The room sizes and views are generally good. Staff super friendlyWe went to see 'Curtains' at the Al Hirchfeld theatre it was excellent. Juniors across the road is great for a good breakfast or lunch. We had dinner one night in the Russian Tea Rooms it was a highlight of our trip. The sea lions are fed at 2.00pm at central park zoo, they are true stars.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	4	2	5	4	3	

<Author>SueCav
<Content>Great location, clean comfortable rooms Absolutely no complaints. Room was spotless and quiet. Beds were very comfortable. Workout room was fantastic. Lobby and elevators, impressive. Staff were very friendly. Location, unbeatable. Anything you could possible want or need is a quick walk away. Of course, this all comes with a hefty price tag, but if you're not on a budget, go for it.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>quiltchic
<Content>Safe, quiet hotel on Times Square Stayed here two nights before transferring to the Milford Plaza due to cost. We arranged this prior to our trip, otherwise we would have tried to extend our stay at the Marriott. Wow is this a great hotel! We were spoiled when we got the the Milford. Highly recommend the Marriott over the Milford - no comparison!!!Rooms were very large, quiet and immaculate. Our window looked down to a street near times square, which was really neat. The elevators are quick and efficient with a high-tech elevator system where you type the floor number and it groups you with others in the same area. The hotel has some glass elevators too which look into the center courtyard area of the hotel - cool. Notes - the hotel does not offer free internet access but does have internet access available for a fee both wireless and not. Hotel is literally right on Times Square and the TKTS (cheap Broadway tickets) booth is located on the ground floor, right outside of the hotel. Cabs are always parked out front and the hotel is just two short blocks from the subway, very convenient. I'd definitely stay here again and highly recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	4	4	

<Author>Knows
<Content>Huge Place! Great location! I was amazed at the open space inside this hotel! The room we had was an large King size room with a sleeper sofa. Clean, good condition and quiet. We ate at the bar on the 8th floor. It was the only place open at 4pm, but the later restaurant choices were abundant. The elevators were not a problem for us; fast and efficient. The price of the room was steep, and for the reason alone, I probably won't stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>TrippingRound
<Content>Wonderful Stay The Marriott Marquis鈥?greatest asset is its location, right in the heart of Time Square. Broadway plays, the Empire State Building, Macy鈥檚, Central Park, the Museum of Modern Art, Rockefeller Plaza, and Madison Square Garden are all within walking distance. Our room was spacious, at least by New York standards, clean, and well appointed, with a view of Time Square. As has been mentioned by other reviewers, the beds are extremely comfortable very conducive to sleep after a long, hectic day exploring the city. Though the hotel is centrally located, we didn鈥檛 notice any problems with street noise, except for the requisite emergency vehicle sirens.With so many dining choices in Time Square, we didn鈥檛 eat in the hotel, except for one night. We chose to check out the appetizer buffet in the View, a rotating lounge 48 floors up, giving customers a beautiful view of the city in the evening. The appetizer choices were limited but what was available was delicious. The dessert choices were varied and tempting. As Marriott guests, we didn鈥檛 have to pay the $10 surcharge after 9:00. With all of the walking around Midtown, we didn鈥檛 have a chance to check out the fitness area. Like other Marriott properties, this one on the 23rd floor was available 24/7 with a spectacular view of Time Square. Except for Kelly in the concierge area, we found everyone very helpful and accommodating. Especially in the lobby and the eighth floor (check-in), there was probably someone in a red jacket by our side ready to answer our questions, if we had a look of confusion. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the hotel and highly recommend it to other travelers to New York, particularly first time visitors. Pay the extra money for the convenience.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jasperpanda
<Content>location location location Spent a week at the Marriott Marquis, Aug 5-12th. This was our third stay in four years. I had contemplated staying out of the Times Square area this time ,just for a change, but got such a good rate(husband is an airline employee) and knew how good the hotel is so decided to stay again. Elevators - Again, no one in my family of four experienced any problems with the elevator. We came and went at all times of the day and night. I don't know how much simpler it can be than pushing the floor you want to go to into one of the many keypads by the elevator and then going to the elevator you are assigned to. Our biggest wait was 3 minutes on Saturday night when we were headed to the theater. I have waited longer in buildings in Vancouver and in different hotels in many different cities. I just don't get the problems people claim to have had on this site.Workout room - outstanding! It's too bad it is in a city like NYC where you more than get your share of exercise from so much walking! But it is worth using, no matter how exhausted you are.Location - amazing. Yes it is in the heart of Times Square, but that is why I have come to New York! You can take less crowded streets (stay off Broadway) to get around once you tire of battling the crowds on Broadway. The weekends are the worse but it still would not deter me from staying there again. All the theaters arewithin walking distance,( some literally across the street or in the hotel), and since I did some ticket lotteries to see the shows and bought Standing room for others it was very convenient to go to the theater at 5ish to get our tickets, dash home to change and head back up for show time. This was the first year I got SR tickets and what a deal, I would do it again in a heartbeat. The tickets were as cheap as $20 and as expensive as $26!! We had a great view of the performances and did not feel uncomfortable standing at all. I look at it this way, you can wait in the TKTS lineup for up to 3 hours to get discounted tickets or you can show up at the theater a couple of hours before showtime, have no wait and then do the standing during the show. Your day is not interrupted by the afternoon lineup for tickets either.Housekeeping - room was clean but I felt it could have been kept cleaner during our stay. Housekeeper seemed to be looking for tips and kind of got on my nerves. I guess I should have tipped earlier in our stay and maybe would have had better results. I also found they made a lot of noise in halls on a couple of mornings. There is a 3 hour time difference for me and 08 NY time is 5 am where I live! But the housekeeping issue really is very petty and it would certainly not prevent me from returning.Concierge - helpful, some more than others. Especially Kelly and Zoe, who were great.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	3	-1	2	

<Author>SandSunandSea
<Content>The best you can get       Washroom  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AnnGHartfordCT
<Content>Location, Location, Location! My husband, son and I stayed one night at the Marriott as we were in town to see The Lion King.We arrived an hour before check-in time and were able to check into our requested room ( Times Square view) right away. The room was very large for NYC and the furnishings were nice. The bathroom was well appointed, but a little on the small side. Would have liked a mini-bar or little refigerator in the room. We left the hotel several times and never had a problem with the elevators. Most of the time the elevator was available within seconds, and our longest wait was a couple of minutes. There did seem to be some people in the lobby having difficulty understanding how the elevators were assigned, but the process was very straightforward and my nine-year old had no problem grasping the concept.There were plenty of places to eat and shop within blocks of the hotel. We have stayed at other hotels in the Times Square area, but we enjoyed the Marriott the most.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>NEWYORKROCKS
<Content>Marriott Marquis Times Square----Great Location! My daughter and I stayed here for nine nights for a dance convention. We got a great group rate. The rooms were clean and a nice size. We felt very comfortable and safe in the rooms and the hotel. The service was excellant. The lobby restaurant had great brunch and dinner buffets. The ballrooms which were used for our group activities were spacious and beautiful. For theater going reasons...what can I say....location, location...location. We went to three broadway show and bought our tickets at half price for two of them right outside the door of our hotel. The three theaters (different ones) were each a block away and easy to walk to for our group. We could walk to MM World, the Hershey Store, MTV store, Planet Hollywood, Hard Rock Cafe Roxy Deli, and more. We even walked to Macy's one day....a bit of a hike but we really got into the NYC spirit after a couple of days. We loved it!!! Not for quiet retiring types though....Times Square reminds me of the Las Vegas Strip with 24/7 neon and people. But we felt safe....was kid friendly and we had FUN!!!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>WIWOL92
<Content>Good hotel but for the elevators We stayed here for 4 nights on another trip to catch some shows; hence location was everything. Check in was very easy, with our being shepherded to the Elite line to avoid a minor jam at the desk. Upgrade to a corner room for $50 per night was accepted and the check in clerk (Jonathon) was extremely helpful and attentive. The room, on the 41st floor, proved very spacious and well worth the extra cost. There were 3 drawbacks with the hotel, which spoiled an otherwise very good stay. Firstly, the lack of a refrigerator in the room was annoying considering there was a yawning space in the bureau shouting out its need to be filled by such an item. However, the ice machine wasn't too far a walk and the daily $10 tip left under the pillow meant the maid was delivering ice cold bottles of water at every opportunity. (Could be bought for $4(?) in the room.) The second point concerned soundproofing between rooms - it seemed very limited. Having heard every word of conversations in the adjoing room, we ended up speaking in whispers! Finally, the point that has already deterred us from booking the Marriott for our next trip and has been mentioned by many other guests - the elevators. The pre-allocation of a lift on selection may look like a very efficient way to transport guests to so many floors, but it is also very frustrating and time consuming. The lack of indicators to show where the cars are means no judgement can be made on anticipated wait time, which increases the feeling of frustration. Waits of 15 minutes were usual - at virtually any time of day - and, at one stage, we seriously contemplated walking down all 40 storeys as we were concerned about making 'curtain up'!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>SingGirl
<Content>Great Location The location of the Hotel is fantastic to majority of the Broadway theaters, MM world etc., the rooms were great, but the bathrooms needs a major make over. the connecting rooms we stayed in, the bathroom had a very bad smell that didn't want to go away. The carpet in our room was not even installed properly, there were bumps that you can trip over. All this considering my husband is an elite member and we always book at the Marriott.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	3	3	3	

<Author>Catwoman62
<Content>Great room, great location if you're looking for the action I stayed at the Marriott Marquis from Augst 1-3rd. It took over an hour to get from the airport (LGA) at 4pm to the hotel, and most of the time the taxi just crawled along. Love that rush hour traffic! I knew that I needed to go to the 8th floor, and as soon as I approached the elevators, a man in a red Marriott coat asked if I were checking in, (I was pulling two suitcases, so it was a wise supposition on his part!) and led me over to show me how the elevators worked. Since almost everyone else comments, let me throw my two cents in about the elevators. If you take 2 seconds to learn how the system works, it's a piece of cake! Simply input your floor number, and check to see which letter elevator the system directs you to. I never waited more than 2 minutes for an elevator. There were several clueless people who just wandered on elevators at random and then wondered why there were no buttons to push. If you glance at the panel in the door as you enter the elevator, it shows you which floors it's going to stop on. I never stopped at more than 3 before my own floor.Anyway, check-in was one of the fastest processes I've ever undergone, and I told the woman so. She was welcoming, and cheerful. I was on the 22nd floor, in a corner king-bed room (2258). The view was of the Hudson River and bunch of rooftops so not all that glamorous, but by looking straight down I could see several theaters, including the one where 鈥淎 Chorus Line鈥?is playing. The room was particularly spacious for New York, and had a couch, easy chair with footstool, cocktail table, two floor lamps, a desk with a rather uncomfortable chair, a king-sized bed with a padded bench at its foot, and an armoire into which was tucked the tv. Another reviewer was right 鈥?the tv does pull out, but doesn't really swivel so it's difficult to watch the tv from any comfortable angle. I ended up sitting on the end of the bed to watch it. There was a short passage behind the bed to get to a small table on which the coffee machine sat, the closet, which had a large safe in it, and the bathroom which was spotlessly clean and had nice touches like two soapdishes, one of which was up high, a rain-shower type shower fixture, and a curved shower curtain bar, to give you extra room when you're in the shower and you don't have to touch the curtain. I've forgotten the name of the upscale shampoo/etc. but those don't usually impress me. There were plenty of towels, and while they were a bit on the skimpy and rough side, they were also spotless. There was water still in the coffee machine, which turned me off, so I never did use it. I'm not a coffee drinker anyway, but did want to have some tea. I had requested foam pillows instead of feather, and indeed, they had foam pillows on the bed. This room has a connecting door to the room next door.I was traveling with a colleague from work 鈥?she had a room on the 33rd floor. The first night we went to the Bombay Palace on W. 52nd Street (see my review) and had little trouble catching a cab back. The valets at the hotel are wondeful about catching cabs 鈥?there is a taxi stand just outside the main entrance where you can line up, and they will hail them for you. My only negative experience in the trip came at the end of our second day 鈥?it took us 45 minutes to find an available cab to get back to the hotel, but that's not the hotel's fault. We were hot, tired, and cranky by that point, and definitely not in the mood to deal with any more crowds of people, so we elected to just eat at the Encore restaurant on the 8th floor near the main desk. I had a wonderful chicken pot pie in a huge souffle dish, and my friend had the chicken francaise which she said was ok. Our waiter Bob was quite entertaining. We both finished with the white chocolate raspberry dome, which was delicious. After dinner we wandered through the Atrium bar over to the Broadway bar, and stood by the windows looking down on Times Square. We thought about staying for a drink, but there were a number of undisciplined brats running around (and this was after 9pm) so we elected not to. I didn't use the fitness center, but it's on the 23rd floor, with great views. Yes, the hotel is expensive (my bill for two nights was just over $1000, booked via corporate travel agent 鈥?presumably you can do much better on something like Priceline), but the location is ideal, particularly if you are interested in Broadway shows. This is peak tourist season, so there were a bazillion people all over the place at all hours of the day and night. I'm not sure I would go back 鈥?I enjoyed my experience, but when I'm traveling, I also like to have a quiet hotel to return to, and between the Starbucks, the ticket office, the restaurants, gift shops, etc, this one is definitely not quiet! I definitely recommend it for someone looking for the Broadway experience, however.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>trvldivaPa
<Content>Marriott Marquis Marriott Marquis is a very nice hotel. Service was excellent.Food in the Encore restaurant was very good, pricey, but this is NYC! Elevators are not as bad as people say. Yes there maybe a wait time, but not as confusing as some are saying. We had a big dance convention there the two days we were there and the elevators were busy but never waited more than 5 minutes. The hotel has 15 high speed elevators and 40 stories, so I don't think that is a long wait time. It can get very busy at the street level with Starbucks and the Theatre queue right outside. Valet's were great for hailing us a cab and everyone was very friendly. We would definetly stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>daveb84
<Content>Greatly improved from previous stay I have stayed at the MM twice before, and when my company booked us there for a large convention recently, my reaction was, well, unprintable. How wrong I was. Upon check-in I was greeted in line by a staff member who asked how my day was and assured me that I'd be taken care of right away (which I was; I was the only one in line!). My room was very large by NYC standards (but not all are at the MM), and was very clean and well-appointed. It's a huge hotel, and at times feels like it. The massive bar/lounge in the lobby is pretty intimate for its size (and the service can be quite slow, even if they aren't busy). The best thing about this visit (and the worst thing about previous visits) was the operation of the dozen or so elevators that had to get everyone to one of the 45 or so floors. They have computerized them now so the waits are minimal, and you only stop at a few floors on your way up (no matter how far up you go). Kudos to Marriott for taking this behemoth, inpersonable hotel and turning it into one of their best.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Youngandinlove
<Content>GREAT location, great hotel This is a very pricey hotel, but you truly get what you pay for. There were very helpful staff members waiting to assist with our luggage when we arrived and check-in was no problem. The hotel is huge, and though it was clearly busy, we never heard any noise from other rooms, the hallway, or times square ,when sleeping. The rooms are very large with very impressive views. The location of this hotel is incredibly convenient. You are located directly amid the Broadway shows and Times Square. If you are looking for an up-scale hotel that is clean, comfortable, luxurious, and high-quality, this is the hotel for you. Would definitely recommend this hotel. Would definitely return.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>skipper3372
<Content>Great Hotel! Elevators a NIGHTMARE! Stayed at this hotel at the end of July 2007. The hotel itself is in a great location, the staff is excellent, and the rooms were very clean and comfortable, and food was great! Unfortunately there was one issue, elevators! They aren't so much confusing, you press in your floor number and get assigned an elevator..easy enough... except that they have ONE elevator going to 6 or 7 different floors and at some points huge crowds waiting for one single elevator! We waited 20+ minutes to get into an elevator that had WAY too many people in it just to get to the 8th floor where you need to check in. And it was like this for the whole 3 days that we were there. After a long day of being on your feet in the city the last thing you want to do is wait in another long line just to try and get to your room! Over all we had a really good time and if you have plenty of patience and don't mind being packed like a sardine in an elevator then you will have no problems at this hotel, otherwise try the Crowne Plaza, or the Westin, both are in the same area and I have never had any issues at either one.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>AlexVAtravelfans
<Content>Had a great stay We stayed here for a few days and really enjoyed it. The location is great. Not quite walking distance from the train if you have heavy bags, but close. We were able to talk to see a show (Wicked), and walked most places that we went. There is a Starbucks on the lobby floor which is nice. We at the Junior's across the street which is cheap and fast and pretty good. I would go back.The room was really nice. Big for NYC, clean, well kept up, and the bathroom was clean. The elevator system really isn't that bad. You just have to enter your destination floor and the system tells you which elevator (they are lettered) to wait at. Not that confusing at all, but a lot of people wander or get on the wrong one. The hotel was clean, comfortable, and in a convenient location-- we'd stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>smithtravel
<Content>Okay, but not worth the money. We visited NYC for 3 days in July. The hotel is located right on Broadway and is convenient. The elevators were not a major problem once we got used to the system, however, they were over crowded. Checking in was easy once we reached the lobby on the 8th floor. Service was excellent in the hotel as well as the stores. The Starbucks does not open until 7, so be aware if you need morning caffine. The room left MUCH to be desired. It appeared that the room needs to be updated. The air condition had difficulty cooling the room. Outside noise could be heard. Mattresses were worn and non-supportive. The TV was old. Bathroom could use a good scrubbing and the towels are worn and uncomfortable. Room service was outragous, with a carafe of coffee costing $24. As a Marriott frequent guest, I have to say that this is sub par and in need of some TLC.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	4	4	-1	

<Author>2Midwest
<Content>Annoying elevator system Are you afraid of heights? Do you hate crowds? Do you hate waiti ng for an elevator (to take you to the lobby to register no less)? If yes, avoid this hotel. That being said, the food was excellent, they do know how to handle crowds, and the room was in good shape. Annoyances: the room needed vacuming, the carpet was not flush with the floor, and yes--the elevator system of this 36 story hotel was annoying (you punch in your floor and are then directed to an elevator bank). It took 4 calls to get the floor vacumed. If you are going to a convention at this hotel, this is your property. It is also very convenient to all the theatres.Too convenient: a long line forms twice daily for the 1/2 price tickets just off the lobby.On the plus side, the food was superb for a convention hotel and the service was good too.I just hate crowds.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	2	4	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>FAMILY44444
<Content>elevators a hassle If you like the marriott brand (and I do) this hotel will probably be fine. The room is large for New York (maybe 10 x 12); bathroom above average, beds and sheets the normal Marriott stuff.Smaller points:the elevators. you pick your floor in the lobby and are assigned an elevator. a simple system that seems like a great idea. i read other psots before going and i couldn't figure out why it was such a big deal, but after spending a week at a conference (and using the elevators several times a day) i grew to hate those elevators !! its seems odd, but waiting 4 minutes for an elevator thats too crowded can really get to you !!crowds. the hotel doesn't seemed to be designed to handle the crowds it gets, lobbies, check in, public spaces were all too crowded.room. thermostat wouldn't cool the room below 71 degrees no matter what, TV old and fuzzy, street noise through the window ; carpet lumpoy (so i tripped over it a few times)location. it is in the middle of times square and it gets very crowded. maybe try one of the real neignborhoods in Manhattan (threres Hilton Garden Inss opening in Chelsea and Tribeca) or the upper west side (On the Ave is stylish but small rooms, Hotel Beacon is large rooms, noit stylish) buit those aren't touristey.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>petertmal
<Content>Great hotel, great location Stayed here after Christmas in January 2007. Hotel room was excellent with a good view of Times Square. The staff were extremely pleasant and helpful. The View Restaurant was top class. We picked this hotel because of its location and we were not disappointed. When I return to New York I will have no hesitation in staying at the Marriott Marquis again.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UKEscaper
<Content>Wrong Location, Right Location?       A delightful afternoon in Central Park  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>SupersonicFlyGirl
<Content>Great location, better than expected room, good service, comfy beds! I took my mom to NYC for her Birthday. We planned to see 5 shows in 4 days, so wanted to stay in Times Square, near the theaters. The Marriott Marquis is my mom's sentimental favorite in NYC, so although I *really* didn't want to deal with the elevators and crowds there, we booked the Marquis, because after all, it was HER weekend. I have to say that Mom, as always, was right about this place! I was pleasantly surprised with the improvements they have made to this property. They fixed the elevators, which are now all electronically coordinated so that we never had to wait more than a minute or so for an elevator. We had a large (for NYC) room on the 36th floor and had a great view of Times Square (which we paid extra for, but we thought it was worth it for the small amount of time we actually spent in the room). Super comfy beds, newly updated decor, nice bathroom with marble counterops. See the Drowsy Chaperone which is playing at the Marquis theater. It is a throwback to old Broadway, where shows were just fun and meant to entertain us. No big social message...just happy and fun.Anyway, I'd stay at the Marquis again. Its not cheap, but conveniently located for the Theaters and easy to take the subway Times sq shuttle to Grand central station so you can catch the subway to many points in NY .  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>SarahAC75
<Content>I love, love, love this hotel! Hi!This is a great hotel. The rooms are a good size, the location is absolutely brilliant. You also have a good choice of restaurants and bars, including the revolving bar at the top of the hotel. Highly recommended. In fact, the revolving bar is brilliant! Defo spend some time up there. The restaurants are your typical hotel restaurants, i.e. not overly exciting, but you do have a few choices which always helps.We had a basic room, but even that was a good size, air conditioned, very clean, good bathroom etc. It's a great place to base yourself for a trip to NYC. It's not what I'd call 5 star luxury - more 4 star, very high standard (if that makes sense). The staff were pleasant and courteous, nothing was too much trouble.It was a pleasure to stay here, and I would absolutely stay here again. I've visited NYC 3 times now, staying in different hotels each time, but this is the only one I'd stay in again.Email me if you have any questions!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>laus7703
<Content>Great stay - Few problems We stayed at the Marquis fron June 29-July7 and love this hotel. The service is excellent, the front desk personel and the employees on the first floor were very knowledgable. They routed us to closest subways stations and gave excellent directions. The room we had was on the 40th floor and faced times square even though we did not pay the extra fee for it! Our flight was delayed and we did not get in til almost midnight, when I called to make the hotel aware they were very helpful and noted our account so we wouldn't loose our reservation. The only down side was with housekeeping. One day they just forgot to clean our room and when we called about it, they said they would send someone at 6pm to clean the room but when we got back at 11pm the room was still not clean. Other than that one day the room was cleaned and well stocked with towels and such. The elevators are a bit stressful. The lines were not bad, but please parents do not let your kids keep entering the room number - your floor gets entered on several elevators and I can not count how many times we used an elevator that had stopped at a floor that people on the elevator did not get off on. Also we got stuck on B for a few minutes - on the 36th floor - was a little scary! All in all we really enjoyed our stay at the Marriott Marquis!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	4	4	

<Author>tbbolts
<Content>Great Location but needs some work Stayed from June 30 - July 6th. Marriott Platinum member and used points for stay.PROS- Location. In the heart of Times Square and close to everything.- Bed. Wonderful to sleep on.- View. Was upgraded to a room on the 41st floor that looked down on Times Square. Could also see the cruise ships docked.- Fitness Center. Plenty of equiptment and room.CONS- Towels. Worst towels of any hotel I have stayed at. I am 150 - 180 nights per year in hotels, and these towels had no fluff and actually hurt your skin to dry off. These towels have been in use for far too long. Horrible.- Spotty service. As a platinum member and it being a full service Marriott I expect some services. Turn down service. Did not receive every night. Not sure why, but of the 6 nights, only 3 nights did we receive turn down service. Newspapers. I rcvd the USA Today each day. On the 30th floor which is where the concierge lounge is at - they received the USA Today, NY Times, and Wall St Journal at their door. As a platinum member, I get this no matter what floor I am at, but didn't here.I have read many complaints about the elevators. My take is - at peak times, they are slow and crowded. The rest of the time, they are great. The problem, is you punch in your floor # and are told what elevator you will ride. Many of the guest are either impatient or don't know how it works, so everyone presses in their floor # multiple times, gets on any elevator, etc. Not enough staff close by to help individuals or explain the system. Every day, I explained the system to a confused guest. Shouldn't staff be doing this?I would rather stay at the Renaissance - Times Square if I needed a Marriott property on Broadway. Currently, this is nothing more than an average property with an above average price (above average points and price).  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	3	2	3	

<Author>lemons1
<Content>Generally well done for a monster-sized hotel Times Square is way not my fave neighborhood to stay in NY, but I had points in an incentive program and booked here for a girlfriends' weekend. Yes, the elevators are a little confusing, but not dificult to figure out after the first time. Seamless check-in. An nice and amazingly large room for a midtown hotel and 2 comfy chairs we turned around to face the old Times Building where the ball falls on New Years' Eve. Good beds, although duvets aren't my personal preference. The only obvious flaw was that the wood in the bathroom vanity had some water damage. There was no fridge in the room, although the big cabinet that held the tv also had a space for one. Very clean, although the rooms weren't made up until late in the day. A little noise late at night from some other guests, but that was minimal. Large buffet breakfast downstairs, not cheap but more than adequate (lox!); it was included with our room or we would have gone elsewhere.The only glitch came when my husband called and the operator insisted I wasn't a guest. He reached me on my cell phone, rather indignant. I did speak to a manager about it. The following day, we asked for a late checkout. They could give me, they said, one extra hour (until 1 p.m.); after that, it would be $50 each additional hour. I explained that there had been a problem the day before caused by their personnel and that I'd reported it; under the circumstances, could I perhaps speak with someone who could authorize a 4 p.m. checkout without any additional charge? After 30 seconds on hold, I was told that could be done without any difficulty. Very satisfied with the resolution of the problem.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>murishinju
<Content>Beauty, Convenience, and Location The location was prime- close enough to the heart of Manhattan to walk, minus excessive noise often associated with staying in the middle of it all. The rooms were luxurious and spacious, and the view was lovely. The in-room bathrooms are large and have lots of counter space. The beds were soft and comfortable, and the sheets were above adequate. The eighth floor has nice, clean bathrooms, lots of benches and chairs to rest in, and includes one of the hotel's two Starbucks. Even if one is not staying, I recommend giving the Marquis' eighth floor a visit. The only downside is the odd elevator system- it's quite confusing at first and the ride may frighten or alarm some guests, but it's an all-around exquisite hotel.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Willelm
<Content>Very good Hotel, very good Location       Times square  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>MaggieTucson_AZ
<Content>Wonderful Hotel!! Just got back from a 5 night stay here. We stayed on the 40th floor and the only noise we could hear was an occasional siren. We love this place, the location is perfect. The service was great, everyone was friendly; it was clean (and I am so picky) and spacious. So nice to walk to dinner and the theater. I definitely recommend it. The absolutely only complaint we have was our bath tub drained slowly.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sarahlou1979
<Content>What a view from the restaurant! Lovely hotel in a fantastic location. Rooms were a good size and clean, however, the lifts were a nightmare! The View Restaurant was fantastic and the view incredible - and certainly not an experience to be missed!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>oyyveyy
<Content>decent hotel, fabulous customer service OK, lets start with the obvious. Its a Times Square Hotel. No amount of triple paned glass or lead walls wilI silence the noise of Times Square. And no matter the hotel quality, you still step out into crowded and smelly Times Square. But thats not why you stay in Times Square. You stay there for the location - convenient walking distance to all theater, many decent restaurants, and the subway.I stayed with my daughter and 3yr old son for 3 nights in June, then a week later for 3 nights again with my husband, 3yr old son, and 9 yr old son. On both occassions we had wonderful help with the luggage, easy check-in and decent rooms. Lets face it - Its NYC and rooms are tiny. But the rooms are a decent size for NYC. They are pretty clean. The elevators were no problem once you learned to work them. Not much waiting. The most glowing report I have is for the customer service.On several nights I ordered room service for dinner - the 3 yr old wasn't up to being in public. The food was delicious. One night we ordered our steaks medium, but they arrived extremely rare (practically moo-ing). I called down and they were extremely apologetic, sending up all new meals, then calling to make sure all was well. Then they sent up 2 free desserts and 3 cartons of ice cream!!The second incident involved my son leaving his blankie in the bed (we thought). After searching the room and coming up with nothing, we called housekeeping to see if it had gone away with the bedding. Mind you, there are 44 floors of rooms!! The nighttime housekeeping manager, Ted, called the linen company in NJ to have them on the lookout. In the morning, Kevin, the daytime housekeeping manager, came to our room to see if there was anything he could do to replace it, offering to buy a number of items for my son. I said it was not necessary as the blanket had no monetary value. He said to please let him know if we changed our mind, and he would continue to call the linen company!! This is indeed service!! Later, when the blanket turned up (behind a chair, in the corner, under a curtain), they were very gracious. I would definitely go there again based solely on the customer service!! Oh - did I mention the TWO Starbucks on the premisis???  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>HotSlotMama
<Content>First trip to New York My daughter and I decided on a mother-daughter trip to New York and because I have Mariott honored guest points, we decided to stay at the Marriott Marquis on Time Square. The staff could not have been more friendly and helpful. For the price we were paying, I expected the hotel to be a bit more classy. The room we were in needed remodeling. The beds were comfy and the location was great. The hotel room itself was just OK. If you are first timer to New York, I would suggest you take the double decker bus around Manhattan to get familiar with the city. Also don't miss Chinatown and the designer purses that are behind closed doors. Also take the Staten Island Ferry (its free) to see a beautiful skyline. The half price tickets for broadway show is located in this hotel, lines start forming about 1.5 hours before the ticket offices opens.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SaminDC
<Content>very good I stayed at 9 business class hotels during an extended stay in NYC, and this was the best. The room was spacious. The location was great. They recently renovated the whole hotel, and the gym is excellent - fresh off a very recent renovation, with lots of aerobic machines overlooking Times Sq. It is often very crowded.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>hoyvenon
<Content>Expensive, but excellent service and location Dead-smack in the middle of Times Square, so everything (eats, entertainment, retail, subway, etc) is within a very short walk. Hotel was clean, quiet, staff very helpful, room clean and reasonable size, elevators very fast - nothing but excellent features. Now for the price - given the location, you do pay through the nose. Or in my case, my company paid through their nose. Special convention rate w/all taxes, etc was $292/night, which isn't outrageous for the location and quality. Not sure I could/would afford on my own dime, but that's a matter of economics. If you can afford it, this is a great hotel  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ktscott01
<Content>Location is top notch This is truly a great hotel (and you pay for it). For travelers it is in an ideal location for NY. Right there at Times Square.Check-in:Quick and efficient (after we figured out my boss had all the rooms under his name).Room:I had a large king room (3628) that had a nice couch also. Everything worked fine and I was very happy. I didn't have a view but I did give up a room that had a view but was close to the elevator.Bathroom:No problems here either. Hot water right away everyday. Soap, shampoo and all the other stuff they give you.Price:Out the roof. This is one expensive hotel. Paid around $500 a night for a busy week in NY.Checkout:They screwed up here and charged me internet all 3 days. Easily fixed.Bars:They are all over. 2 on the 8th floor and the revolving on the top of the hotel which was cool for 1 night.Internet:16.95 a day with unlimited calling. There is no free internet anywhere in this hotel that I could find. Even the wireless you had to pay for in the lobby. The only free internet was to printout boarding passes.One strange thing are the elevators. You have to push you floor and it tells you what elevator to take. I guess it is quicker then just hitting up or down. Overall just a really good hotel. Yes you pay a lot to stay here but pretty much all the hotels in NY are just expensive. If it was on the company tab again I'd definitely stay here.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>WISCGirl
<Content>Average hotel in a great location       Room 3126 overlooking Time Square  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>jcniii
<Content>Great location and room Stayed here for a long weekend in June. The location is in the middle of everything that is going on in Times Square and our 2 theatres were both within walking distance. The staff was very friendly and quick to serve. The room size was great and the beds terrific. Noise from the outside was almost nonexistent in our 36th floor room. A must is the View restaurant/lounge on the 48th floor. Some hints to people in a hurry: elevators can take up to 10 minutes to catch during busy times and the cab stand can be crowded also. Just allow enough time or simply walk out on to Broadway to catch a cab.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sublimebrad
<Content>Perfect Hotel!!! This was my 2nd time to stay at this hotel. Each time I got a different view of Times Square which goes to show that this hotel is in the pefect location.The room are pretty big and it may be the most comfortable bed Ive ever slept on. Very spacious and very nice!!The hotel itself has several area where you can get really good views of Times Square and the surrounding area: the exercise room which overlooks the lights, one of the top floors has a lookout deck, and the restaurant also overlooks the street lights.I spent a few hours at the hotel bar watching a Yankees game and the bartender was very friendly and told me alot about the city and things to see/do. One of the neat things about this hotel is the elevators. There are dozens of them, each in an open courtard (picture an embassy suites but 10 times as tall) and its really cool to see coming up and down.Overall this is the best hotel to stay at in NY if you dont mind spending a little extra. I will continue to stay here every time I come back!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>T-Ruckus
<Content>Beautiful hotel in the busiest part of town My wife and I stayed here for a conference. Excellent hotel. I grew up in NY, thus, never stayed at a hotel there before. This was an amazing first experience. As a New Yorker, I tend to stear clear of Time Square, but for my wife's first time, it was exciting. There is always tons to do. The hotel itself was extremely comfortable. We loved our room, very clean, with views and everything. I don't know how the cost was because our trip was paid for, so it was great to me. If you want to visit New York and stay comfortably in TIme Square this is the way to do it. We were able to retreat to our room to escape all the madness going on outdoors. Check it out if you can.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>eepe
<Content>Unsafe During a one night stay two different people entered my room with key cards. One was housekeeping and the other was guest at 7AM in the morning after the Hotel checked this person into my room. The only response from the hotel was sorry, how about a free breakfast. I cannot imagine if I was a woman or if my wife was staying with me or by herself. I would not feel safe letting my wife, daughter, mother or any female stay there.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>paluvsnyc
<Content>Nice stay at the Marquis Came with a group of about 25 people, had 7 rooms. Rooms very spacious for NYC, clean, and fresh. Beds very comfortable. Arrived around noon, but could only check into 3 of the 7 rooms, the rest of us had to wait until after 3pm. Hotel is very spacious and roomy. Didn't have to wait too long for an elevator, but be careful not to overload the elevators they will get stuck.I would recommend this hotel to other travels but only if you can get a good rate, which we did. Otherwise you're not in tthe hotel long enough to enjoy the extra money you are spending. The location was excellent, within walking distance to so much. Subways are also very close to use for longer distance traveling.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>margolemon
<Content>OK Hotel You can't get a better location than this hotel! Walk out the lobby and you are right on time square! For the money, I was very dissapointed in the quality of the room. Dirty carpet with trash from previous guest, and dirty sheets. I also thought the quality of the sheets were poor for the price of the room. If you take away the nice lobby and the location, this would be a 2 star hotel. I would stay at another hotel on my next trip. I was surprised at the cleaning issues due to the other high marks I have seen on this site. I guess it could have just been a fluke. Like I said though, if you need to stay right on time square, this location is the best possible.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>laurjohn
<Content>Loved the Marriott Marquis! We loved the Marriott Marquis! The service and staff were wonderful. There were staff members standing by to answer questions and help in any way they could. Our room was amazing! We had a large king room with a view of Times Square. They even allowed us to check into the room at 9 a.m. when we arrived.Will definitely recommend this hotel to others and stay there again!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>piazzacavore
<Content>Fantastic Experience The position of this hotel on Broadway could not be better.The hotel is rated 4 star which is probably about right,but the location is definitely 5 star.Very very clean spacious rooms with coffee making facilities.The standard of service is excellent with ample choice at breakfast and a stunning rotating restaurant/bar at the top which although a little expensive is well worth the cost:The service within the restaurant however is not quite as good as other top quality hotels that we have stayed at. The lifts are pretty unique and very speedy and overall this was a most enjoyable 6 night stay that we will certainly be repeating on our return to New York.Oh yes....almost forgot,the beds are the most comfortable that we have EVER slept in....Absolutely fantastic !.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>2getaway2
<Content>Right in Times Square Transportation: We took a train to New York and the hotel was about 10 blocks. Enjoyed the walk, luckily we packed light. Arrival: Doorman greeted us right away and told us where to check-in. Check-in was quick. The elevators...even more quick!Room: Modern decor and clean. I was surprised how big the room was given New York standards. We had a view of the Chrysler Building in the distance. The bathroom was small, but efficient. Bed was huge and really comfortable. TV was at an odd angle, but other than that was very pleased with the room. Restaurants: We ate out every night, but one night we ate at at the View. The View is a revolving restaurant at the top of the hotel that has beautiful views of New York City. They had a little map at our table with points of interest. We had the dessert buffet (around $15 per person) and some drinks. Desserts were ok, but we mainly went for the view and atmosphere. There's also a Starbucks on the ground floor. Location: Great central location. We walked a lot. TKTS was right in front of the hotel and we were able to see some Broadway shows and take a tour on the double decker. Overall: Would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in New York City.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>vancitygrrrl
<Content>Great location, comfortable beds!!! This hotel is so central!! Right smack dab in the middle of Times Square, you don't have to go anywhere to find the action! Restaurants and shopping are right outside the front door! There's a Starbucks in the lobby for your morning coffee and the restaurants in the hotel are great, too! The beds are soooo comfortable - and there's pay per view films available when or if you need a bit of a rest before going back out! I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GigiMTL
<Content>Great Stay I stayed at the Marriott for 3 days (June 5th to 7th)and it was amazing. The hotel is huge and there is staff everywhere helping you with your needs. The rooms are very big by New York standards. The bed is clean and comfortable.If you are facing the street, you might hear alittle noise si if you are not a heavy sleeper, request a room on the quieter side.I ate at THE VIEW...the restaurant on the top floor that turns and it was very good. I even had room service for breakfast and that was good as well. I paid 499 a night but this hotel usually goes for 299 and it is worth every penny.......no complaints.....  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>1Longhorns1
<Content>Great Location When we arrived at the Hotel we had someone offering to help us out with anything we needed until the time we left. You could not walk anywhere in the hotel without a staff member saying hello or asking if there was anything we needed help with. I had never been on a subway before and the concierge took the time to explain everything about the subway. He never made me feel like I was bothering him. The location was fantastic. The subway was close by. The Grey Line Tour buses were two blocks away. The ABC studios was across the street and the NBC studios was within walking distance. We did not go to any Broadway shows but they were all around the hotel. I won't bother sending any pictures because other people already have. Our room looked just like the pictures other people have submitted. We never had to wait in line for the elevators.If we ever go back to NY this will be the place we will stay at.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelroam
<Content>Great Location, excellent fitness center Was in New York for Book Expo. Fantastic stay. Everything first rate. Rooms are huge for N.Y. Used the fitness center everyday. This would be one of the main reasons I'd stay there again. Location is perfect. Practically walkable to everywhere. Recently renovated so it's clean, comfortable, basically perfect. Highly recommend  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jdybh
<Content>A Wonderful stay My friend and I stayed at the Marriot on Memorial Day weekend. Our stay was booked through a tour group and the entire visit could only be described as fantastic. This was our first trip to New York and my friend and I had wonderful experiences at the Marriott Marquis. My friend and I like to travel comfortably and not be stressed about transportation, lodging, and meals. So we planned many activities in advance. First, the Marriott has a service where you can book a towncar to pick you up at the airport. We used this service. Our incoming flight was delayed and we notified the hotel of the delay. When we got to the airport the town car representative was not there. We called the hotel and they immediately put me in touch with the car service. Needless to say, the service upgraded us to a six passenger limo (no extra charge) and we had a wonderful ride into the city. When we arrived at the hotel, I made the assumption that since we booked with a tour group our rooms where probably in the back of the hotel with no view. So when checking in I asked how much it would cost to upgrade our room to a times square view room. They upgraded us at no extra charge. My friend and I were so happy. The view from the room was perfect, the beds were to die for, and the bathroom has everything you would ever need. When my friend and I were returning from dinner our first evening, my friend had a headache. The hotel staff were so accomodating and had Tylenol delivered to our room and she also called to ensure we got the medication. When we were returning to our room that first evening, we found our room door open. My friend and I turned around, went back downstairs and approached the hotel staff that helped us with the Tylenol. She called security to meet us at our door. By the time we made it back to our room security was there. Anthony and his team were great, they made sure nothing was missing and inspected the lock on the door. (We later learned that when closing the door if you hit the inside handle it throws the deadbolt, so we made sure to always ensure the door closed before we left). Anthony gave us great information about the city, subways, and things to do. All of his advice was right on. Also, the hotel staff that we notified about our room called again to ensure we were o.k. The Marriott has a taxi line, so you do not have to hail a cab. They will get it for you. The Starbucks on the first floor runs like a well oiled machine. The elevator system ran effciently and we did not have long waits at all. The discount ticket booth to the Broadway shows is right outside the Marriott. If you want to get tickets this way prepare to wait in an extremely long line. (It appeared to be at least 1 to 2 hours). My friend and I had dinner at the View restaurant. The restaurant rotates slowly 360 degrees like the space needle in Seattle. The bill was expensive, but you are paying for the view. They may need to update the restaurant furniture soon though. The furniture was old and worn. But our waiter, view, and food was good. All in all I would highly recommend this hotel. The location you can not beat, The staff was friendly, helpful, and courteous. The maid cleaned our room exceptionally, including organizing our make-up in the bathroom. Your stay will be worth every penny. First time New York Tips: Go on-line and buy the express passes to the Empire state building if the building is on your itinerary. The line is at least two hours long without passes. Be sure that you DO NOT WAIT IN LINE with express passes. These passes allow you to go to front of each and every line going up to the top and returning the bottom. Show your tickets to the staff and they will guide you. One of the staff said to us that the passes were gold and to hold onto them tight. They are $40.00 each but worth every penny unless you like waiting in line and wasting time. We got to the top in about ten minutes. Tip #2 Use the subways. They were nothing like we thought they would be. They are efficient, well lit, clean, and the people we encountered were nice and helpful. The subway is the best way to get around. Tip #3 If you have an interest in eating at the many famous chefs restaurants e.g. Bobby Flay, Mario Vitalle make reservations as for ahead as possible so you will not be disapppointed. Finally, when you do take taxis only take yellow cabs and HOLD ON. I thought we were going to be killed a few times. Have a great time and stay at the Marriott. You will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>platinummedallion
<Content>well above avg for large nyc hotel particularly recommend large corner rooms...much more room and quiet for not much higher rate.This hotel is typically Marriott: reliable and no surprises.The high tech elevators surprise newbies (need to depress desired floor at center console, then wait for a certain elevator).Overall, hotel is clean and efficient--surprising given its size.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Dfavreau
<Content>Comfort, Location,  Stayed here May 23-27, 2007. Found a great room rate on their website as a AAA member saving about $100 per night off of promotional rates. So for value, it was one of the best after extensive internet/hotel site comparisons... The location is fantastic, right in the heart of Times Square with easy access to the subways just a few blocks up. Theatre district is right around the corner. Room was suprisingly spacious for NY standards with a large King size bed ( very comfortable ), sitting area., and nice decor. We requested a room with a view,  we were located on the 41st floor. Outside our room view - corner below was Times Sq,  we could also see just the edge of the empire state bldg. Check in staff was attentive  friendly. Counted 2 starbucks on the property that we saw, and the discount TKTS for broadway shows was right out the main backdoor. If you like being in the heart of NYC, this is a great hotel to experience for the value. While not a 5 diamond hotel, your also not paying $500+ per night additional either. I definately would stay here again as it had everything we were looking for. We loved it!!!  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>YoostonTX
<Content>Great location, rooms, view, gym Wonderful hotel, great location, nice comfortable rooms with nice bathrooms. Lots of elevators... rarely had to wait! Great gym overlooking Times Square with tons of machines and best of all it's FREE!!! The rooms are pricey here at $400 ea (we went on the company dime) but I thought they were worth it for the location and amenities. If you go any time soon, you gotta get show tickets at the TKTS temp booth downstairs (look it up on the web). Don't pay full price for Broadway if you don't have to!  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>UsmLee2001
<Content>Excellent Location The Marriott Marquis in Times Square was an excellent experience. My wife attended a convention located in the Marquis in early April 2007. The hotel staff was extremely polite and very helpful at all times. The location is perfect for exploring Manhattan. If the theater is your thing, you are less than a block from all major shows. There are also many wonderful restaurants in the area. The only negative associated with the hotel was the time waiting for elevators, but it was never intolerable. I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in the area.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>mcguillicudy
<Content>Great (but too short) stay at the Marquis! I stayed at the Marriott Marquis this past Feb. I was there for a conference. I had never been to NYC before, but have been to many conferences in the past, most with so-so hotels. So, you can imagine my surprise when the cab driver pulled up to the Marquis. It is a very nice hotel. The staff are very nice and accomodating. The room was very clean and good sized. We had a drink at the View lounge- didn't eat there as there are better choices elsewhere, but as you can probably guess, the 360 view of the city was awesome. They even have little napkins that point out the landmarks as you rotate. The gym is better than any hotel I've stayed at- comparable to an upscale health club. Each piece of cardio equipment has it's own personal tv to entertain you as you workout, however, the views down on Broadway are even better to watch while working out. Regrettably, most time was spent on business for me, but for you play fans, what a location to stay out and the discount ticket place is right outside the hotel. It is right in the middle of Times Square, so you can imagine how much siteseeing and shopping is right there. If you do stay and want an authentic slice of New York pizza, there is a little place right behind the hotel that can't be beat. The lasagna pizza is great- it will leave you wanting more.  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Plantravel
<Content>Tops for broadway Our family of three stayed for two nights during our visit to NYC. Our primary reason for visiting was to see a broadway show. The location of the hotel makes it an excellent choice for anyone wishing to purchase half price tickets through TKTS. The TKTS office is located on the side of the hotel, and the wait lines are directly outside one of the hotel entrances. Lines form well before opening time and we were able to trade off to make the wait easier, as one person could go back to the room when needed.Our room was clean, well laid out, and very spacious with a king bed and sleep slofa. Although the hotel was full due to a large conference taking place, we never needed to wait more than 3/4 minutes for an elevator.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ria_UK
<Content>Fab treat! We stayed here in May-05. It was a birthday present from my very lovely friends.Whilst in general I think downtown is a much better location - if you can't stay there then Time Square is just the place to be.The staff were friendly  welcoming, the lifts delightfully scary  I loved the interior. The rooms were clean, cosily welcoming  how can you beat that view - we had a room on the 32nd floor  it was amazing. I almost wanted to sleep in a chair next to the floor to ceiling window.The breakfast was great  the revolving restaurant (amazing view) had fantastic cocktails.However considering the cost (for same time next year the cheapest come up as $379, ) the room itself is nothing special.If you can get a cheap deal or really want to splash out - it's the place to be though...  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gwrjack
<Content>Superb hotel We loved the Marquis. It is a massive hotel and reminded us of some of the Las Vegas resort hotels without the slots. Fantastic location, spacious rooms and lovely and quiet. Staff were great too. Will definitely be back.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WellTravelledEngland
<Content>Fabulous hotel, central location Just returned from New York today, stayed at Marriott Marquis on Times square. Hotel.. could not fault it. Location excellent, for going to theatre, shopping, meals out etc. The rooms were clean, spacious and very comfortable, we were lucky enough to have a view over times square. Bars on 8th floor good, friendly staff and good view again from balcony seats. Cocktails worth a try!! Check in desk, very helpful also. Riding the elevators was an experience, a bit daunting at first, but you get used to it. We had a meal at 'The View' restaurant, 47th floor, great meal, lovely views, good service. It was expensive, but the meal was worth it and so was the atmosphere. There are gym facilities, but we didn't get time to use them. We also managed a broadway show, Beauty and the Beast, which is located just outside the Marquis hotel. Well worth the money. Just a tip, Box offices open at 10am, so you can purchase tickets for that days performance, we had no trouble getting tickets. Overall, excellent hotel. Would definitely return.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>yaneh
<Content>Fun, affordable I got an unpgrade to a corner room. Being in Times Square is always thrilling, and the room was huge and very comfortable. The hotel itself has been updated to be more modern, and the inside space is stunning. The location is excellent for first-time tourists. The room service was extensive, runs late, and actually a good value.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>whaleseekers
<Content>amazing wow! what a great hotel and despite its size everyone was really friendly and helpful.rooms were really big as we had 4 children in one of them.beds were really comfortable. you cant hear any noise at all.breakfast at local deli just across the road was good.also had meal at The View on 48th floor - this was an experience not to be missed.dont worry about what you read about the lift system - its the best in the world - all tall buildings should have it even in england.i will definately go back  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>laprof
<Content>Enjoyed the visit Stayed here overnight for a conference and was pleased with the size of our room, its cleanliness, the staff, and the location of the hotel. We were on the 28th floor and had a lovely view of the area. Although the hotel is huge (44 or 45 floors, I believe), it did not feel impersonal because the staff were so friendly. However, colleagues were who staying in another room were not able to check-in until 5:30pm because their room wasn't ready. Since 3:00pm was the permitted check-in, a 2.5 hour delay seemed quite unreasonable. (Perhaps the hotel needs to hire a few more people for its cleaning staff?) The restaurant was fine (we ate breakfast and lunch there), despite NYC prices for food ($15 for two eggs, for example, w/ toast and potatoes), although we went outside for dinner. All in all, a very good place for a convention participant.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>traveler30
<Content>Absolutely avoid The View Do not vist the View Lounge at the top of the Marriot Marquis. At one time, this was a nice experience, offering a decent (but not spectacular) look at NYC. Now, expect to pay about $50 for a drink, cover charge and tip for two people. Even by New York standards, that's ridiculous. I could probably even stomach the inflated drink prices and cover charge, but the staff is horribly rude. The dinner and dessert buffet options are also very pricey and very underwhelming. Save some money and spend a much more enlightening time at MoMa or the Observation deck at the NBC building.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	4	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>tlmjoy
<Content>Heavenly Bedding and great location. Second time in the big apple. The first time we stayed out of the busy section of town which was great. This trip the marriott was smack dab in the middle of times square! Awesome location to resturants, shopping, Broadway shows, and the subway. Beds were heavenly; goose down comforters, european pillows and high count thread sheets. I would stay again here again. Noise was not a factor during the night.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FewFAC
<Content>Springtime for NYC When I found out we were staying in Times Square, I was extremely concerned. I am not big on tourist traps, and would have preferred to stay uptown. But the Marriott Marquis was top notch. Check in was a breeze, and my room was immaculate and so quiet I forgot we were in NYC.My only real problem with this hotel is the location, as it is not really near anyplace, unless you plan on seeing shows, which we did not. Grabbing a bite to eat was sort of a problem, albeit a minor one, and cabs were extremely plentiful.The bed was far more comfortable than I thought it would be, and the pillows seemed brand new. We did have a little trouble with water finding its way from the shower to the bathroom floor, but otherwise felt completely comfortable moving around barefoot, which is my touchstone for cleanliness.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aerobik1
<Content>great property Just spent a few days at the Marriott Marquis with a 5 year old. Rooms were great and much larger than similarly priced properties in NYC. They also appear to have been recently remodeled. Marriott revive beds are great. Location cannot be beat for tourists! We were enveloped by Disney broadway productions on both sides. This was beneficial as we just stepped out on the 1st floor to our shows. Elevators are extremely slow during peak times (0900-10:30, 17:00-18:30). Waits at these times were at least 10 minutes. We had access to the concierge lounge. The lounge was extremely crowded during breakfast....everyone was feeding their families and not abiding by the only 2 guests allowed rule. I am platinum with Marriott and have been to lounges throughout the world, never have I seen such crowds and people grabbing the complimentary food and beverages with such dilligence. Guests were filling up their pockets. The lounge staff was extremely nice, however the concierge was so busy bussing tables that he rarely had time to be a concierge. 8th floor concierge staff was the major area where I see improvemement needed. Both concierge on duty (Eliza and Tony) seemed bothered whenever asked for information. Severe attitude problems on different days. We were directed to a restaurant on the other side of town which had been closed for over 1 year! Will definitely stay at this property when in the area, but will do more research on my own and avoid concierge advice. Bell staff were extremely accomodating.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	2	5	

<Author>lkfdesign
<Content>Wonderful Hotel from a frequent traveler to New York...       room  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DrumBoy101520
<Content>Perfect Location The Times Square Marriott Marquis is in the heart of Times Square. The hotel is within walking distance of broadway shows, five star dining, and the Times Square (42nd Street) subway station. For tourists, the location of this hotel is better than any other hotel in the city. It will take about thirty minutes to get to the hotel by taxi from La Guardia and about fourty five minutes from JFK. The Marquis just built a workout center that has several cardio machines with personal televisions. However, the hotel does not have a pool or whirlpool.The rooms are standard Marriott rooms; they are very clean. The hotel has three restaurants: the JW Steakhouse, Encore, and The View. If you go to Encore for dinner, you won't be disappointed. Encore offers a dinner buffet featuring a pasta chef. Encore also offers a delicious Chicken Pot Pie. I found the View, which is located on the 46th floor of the hotel, to be overly priced. I did not eat at the steakhouse.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>4	2	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>coloradoDenver
<Content>Great central location       Elevators  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>in2xtc
<Content>First Class all the way My husband and I stayed at the Marriott Marquis for his birthday weekend May 2-4. We were greeted the minute we walked into the hotel and were directed to the correct bank of elevators to get to registration. There were many Marriott employees providing this service which I thought was really nice if you were unfamiliar with the hotel. Check in was a breeze and very friendly. They comped us an upgrade to a stripview room for the birthday celebration. The rooms looked to be very recently renovated and the bedding was beautiful and oh so comfortable. The bathroom area looked completely renovated as well except for the tub and toilet. The only thing missing that I think would have been a nice touch for such classy rooms would have been bathrobes.The elevators can be a long wait at busy times but not a major thing. Location can't be beat. Even though it is in such a busy area, the soundproofing is wonderful. Even the corridors and noise from other rooms was minimal. All in all a wonderful stay.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DesMoines
<Content>A Great Base of Operations for Uptown Manhattan I was a bit concerned about staying at the Marquis right up until the moment we checked in. Our stay could not have been any better. Decent sized room for NYC, very quiet, great bed, helpful staff, excellent bars and restaurants, and the most efficient elevator system I have ever seen in a high rise hotel. Location was the most critical thing to me in picking out an NYC hotel and this one would be hard to beat.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Tess145
<Content>Impressive       View from 29th floor down into Lobby  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>jnicole
<Content>WONDERFUL HOTEL!!!!! Our stay was wonderful!!! They have the best beds, comfortable beds. The staff was nice and helpful. Our stay was extended due to the snow storm and the staff was helpful in making our stay comfortable as possible. Our housekeeper was wonderful!!! I would use this hotel again. The location is great!!!!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sichiu
<Content>Great stay, great location Stayed here for 3 nights with family. We got 2 rooms that were interconnected. The beds were huge and the pillows were just so big and soft. I had a view of Times Square from my room which was fantastic. I've been wanting to back to the place ever since and plan to do so either this year or next.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TexasTravelertx
<Content>Wonderful Stay at the Marriott Marquis My husband and I can not say enough great things about this hotel. The staff was courteous and helpful. Check in was on the 8th floor, which made for less traffic on the first floor, great idea! The vallet was quick to provide us with transportation when needed and we never had to wait in long lines. Our room was clean and maid service always provided us with enough towels and friendly good bye's when we checked out. The elevator system was fast and efficient, even though there were several conferences that week. We could hear some morning noise from the street and noise from the neighbors, but it was not enough to get upset. A high floor is recommended. The bed was heavenly as the matress and pillows sent us right into dreamland. Broadway shows were nearby, Lion King across the street from hotel and Beauty and the Beast on the other side of hotel. Restaurants are plentiful around the city and in the hotel.Overall a fantastic stay and we would return!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BlastOff
<Content>Loved the Marquis We wanted to spend a couple of days in NYC before embarking on a cruise. Hadn't been to NYC for over 30 years!! After deciding our sightseeing priorities, checking the map, asking friends (NYC natives)  TripAdvisor we decided to stay at the Marquis. What a great place. The location was perfect, the room large  comfortable, the staff friendly  helpful. Upon check-in we were asked if we wanted to upgrade to a 40% larger, corner room for an additional $50, or to a Times Square view room for an additional $70. We declined both. Our room was quite large, king size bed with ultra linens, chair with ottoman, couch, desk, etc. We actually saw the cruise ship sailing up the river from our room. No need to upgrade. We took in 2 plays (Les Miserales  Phantom of the Opera)  the theatres were within a block. Took the subway to Ground Zero, walked to Central Park, Empire State Building, etc. No need for a taxi except to get us  our luggage to the ship. The restaurants in the Marquis were pricey, but there are lots of places close by. Don't be intimidated by the elevators! They are really efficient. Check in on the 8th floor...and Have FUN!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Grahamofherts
<Content>Tremendous Stayed for 3 nights - just me and my 22 year old daughter. This is a great hotel - perfect location in Times Square. Had a twin Times Square view room on 20th floor - fabulous outlook!!! Room very good - good size and well furnished. As others have said the beds are really really comfortable. Dined at the View restaurant one night - have to say that the food was good - but nothing remarkable - but its worth it for the revolving view of NY. Didn't breakfast in the hotel - walked a few blocks north towards central Park and found a great typical NY diner - think it was called Apollo. No problem at all with the lifts in he hotel. So overall very impressed - when I return to NY I will certainly stay at the Marquis again.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>cigarmanmiamiflorida
<Content>a great hotel my wife and i stayed there for the presidents day weekend.had read bad reviews about the elevator system.i wish all hotels had this great system.we never had to wait for an elevator more than2 minutes.the elevator system is state of the art.the rooms are big and clean.the staff was very helpfull and always friendly.the hotel is in a great location,close to the theaters,and great restaurants.the concierge service was a huge help.would highly recommend this hotel.have stayed at other hotels in new york in the past.i will not stay anywhere else but the marquis from this point on.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cybercop4u
<Content>West coast vs. East Coast The purpose of the trip was to check out a college for my daughter. We live in california and I have never been to New York. Where to stay was a crap shoot. A co-worker of mine had stayed at the Marquis and gave it a high rating due to its location and accomodations. I was not dissapointed. While it was more than I wanted to spend, I enjoyed the experience. The staff were all friendly and helpful. I had read countless reviews on this hotel and the only minor complaint was the cost and the elevators. Maybe because I can on a Sunday and left on Wednesday but the elebators were not a problem. There was very little waiting time and because they are computerized, I made it quickly to my 43rd floor. Since it was located in Time Square, everything is centeralized....you can take a taxi, subway or walk. All the cabi's were polite and good drivers. Remember, this was my first trip to New York....I was pleasantly surprised.I found the hotel very clean. The bathrooms had marbel floors and the counters were a nice granite. A paper was delivers at your door each morining and their were two Starbucks in the hotel. My only complaint about this hotel would be the price but other than that....I will stay her again. If you want to contact a average guy staying at this hotel feel to contact me at cybercop4u@aol.com PS I paid extra for the view of times square and it was worth it. Alan  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>squeezy225
<Content>Fantastic view!!!!       Our Room!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pattyk1
<Content>A Great Hotel My sister and I enjoyed a girls weekend at the Marquis and the hotel was wonderful. It was in walking distance of all the Times Square action, convienent places to eat or you could easily grab a cab. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Our room was well maintained and even though you are in the middle of Times Square you don't hear as much noise as you would think. I slept like a baby ! The beds were plush and the pillows were divine. I loved the pillows so much I plan to order the same ones the hotel uses.I can't say enough good things about the hotel. Yes, it is pricey but you do indeed get what you pay for. I would definitley stay there again !  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>phiflyers
<Content>Fantastic Hotel!!!!!       The Very Comfortable Bed.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Dan-Guthrie
<Content>Perfectly good hotel We stayed here as a last minute valentine get away and had a really nice time. You really cannot beat the location, directly in Times Square. We opted for the cheapest room but requested a high floor and we got the 27th - absolutely fine. Although it stipulated that we would have to pay extra for a Times Square view, we did have a partial one. The hotel's atrium is incredible. The revolving restaurant on the top floor is really nice. Good food, fairly pricey but good quality - much better than most other tacky rotating restuarants around the world. The rooms are fine, we had a twin and it was surprisingly large for central New York. Staff were incredibly helpful, if not a little overbearing for us timid Brits! Only minor gripe is that I think the hotel is fast approaching refurb time - but they can get away with it for now.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>dexbrighton
<Content>wow       The view from the hotel's broadway lounge  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>sheetmusicsandy
<Content>Location, Location, Location! We just stayed (only one night) at the Marriott Marquis. We travel a lot and were VERY impressed with everything there. What an amazing sky-high atrium, and oh those elevators! All the staff was extremely helpful and friendly. Alas, for us it was too cold to really enjoy the incredible location. We had a snack at the Broadway Cafe overlooking Times Square. Our table wasn't right up against the windows and when a window table came available, the waitress helped us to switch places, even giving up her customers (us) since it wasn't her station anymore. This seemed to be the theme of this hotel. The room was beautiful! When we got our car from the valet, our bags which had been held, and the car , were returned to ous VERY quickly. A minor complaint is that the Concierge Lounge is closed on weekends. Since it was Friday/Saturday we were there, we could not use these services to which we are entitled. Friends who stayed at the Hilton the same weekend said Hilton's Concierge Lounge IS open 7 days a week. Shame on Marriott for this! But we'd definitely recommend this wonderful hotel. Highly!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>carlareno
<Content>NY's Eve in a Ball-drop room in New York City The hotel itself is pretty much just like any of the other large hotels in Times Square - Westin, W, etc. One interesting fact we discovered is that unlike the surrounding hotels, it isn't unionized! According to the 2 gents from the bell/door staff that told us this, the employees here have better attitudes as a result and hustle for their guests because they get to keep everything they make. I have to say, the staff WAS pretty great - friendly and helpful.First thing about this hotel- it's BIG. Like enormous big. That's fine if you like that type of thing. The public areas are well maintained (lobby, etc.) and the rooms are in decent shape (not great - but decent). It has several restaurants - they are OK (NYC has so many great places to dine why would you eat here unless you had to?). The views from this hotel - those rooms that face Times Square - are fantastic as the rooms have floor to ceiling windows. This is the real selling point for this hotel. If you are interested in doing the whole NY's Eve thing, this is the way to do it in style (but be prepared to pay somewhere in the range of $1700-$2000 for that one night). We called the hotel directly - that's the ONLY way to get last-minute rooms like this one for NY Eve. Evidently each hotel holds a couple of rooms, knowing that folks like us will wait until the last minute. We were on the 17th floor which was great - could still hear the 1 million+ people outside. Security was fantastic - we never worried about this one bit (a major accomplishment given the rowdy crowds). I was surprised that there was no mini-bar or even an in-room refrigerator (but there is a big space in the wadrobe which is designed to accomodate one?). We requested a small in-room refrigerator and were charged for it ($25 a day I think). There is a very nice fitness center overlooking the atrium and a Starbuck's in the lobby so you can get your caffeine fix in the am.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Britraveller
<Content>Very impressed Just returned from a long weekend in New York. Have previously visited new York and been disappointed with the shabbiness and smallness of hotel rooms but was very impressed with the Marriott Marquis.Large clean and comfortable rooms, excellent location - central and safe.Loved the elevators - very state of the art and fast!Also loved the cocktails!  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>Greektreats
<Content>Great Hotel My husband and I, with a group of friends, just returned from New York where we stayed at the Marriott Marquis for 4 days. The hotel is huge (2,000 rooms, I think), well laid out, location can't be beat, rooms nicely appointed. We had drinks at the revolving rooftop restaurant, The View, and enjoyed the ambience and nice service. The bars on the 8th floor (where the check-in/out desk, concierge, etc. is located) were great. We did not eat in the hotel, so I cannot comment on the food, but it certainly looked appetizing! We were within walking distance of the 2 theatres we had tickets for, the Empire State Building, as well as many other tourist attractions. The Roxy Deli, just around the corner from the hotel, is as good if not better than Carnegie Deli!!  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HeatherHC
<Content>Simply a wonderful hotel My husband and I stayed here in January 2007 while he was on a business trip. On the day he was working, I felt like I had New York City on my doorstep! The hotel is literally in the middle of Times Square. Since this was my first trip to NYC, it was a great introduction, and I didn't have to worry about finding my way around the city. I walked north up Broadway to Central Park, spotting some famous sites along the way. The TKTS (half-price) Broadway ticket booth is located right at the hotel, so I simply went downstairs and purchased our theater tickets for that evening. That's convenience! The hotel is also very large, but the elevators are fast and the layout is simple to navigate. The hotel lounge/bar was fantastic, offering us great views of the Times Square action while we sipped our drinks. The rooms are nicely decorated, and we had a great view of the city. I also LOVED the beds -- one of the best night's sleep I've ever had on vacation. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>fivearms
<Content>Great Hotel in Middle of Everything! We stayed at this hotel Jan. 6-8. This was a sweet 16 birthday gift for my daughter. Her best friend and my 13 year old were along for the ride. Needless to say, we all had a fabulous time!!! The girls loved the room, the view, the location...everything was perfect. The staff, from housekeeping to concierge to front desk to bell hops were all incredibly helpful and polite. As the weather was in the 70's this weekend, we really took advantage of the great location  walked everywhere. As others have said, Juniors, which is right across from the hotel has great food and great service. The gym is state of the art and accessible 24 hrs with your room key. Unfortunatley, we didn't experience the View, but since I plan to go back in May with my husband for our anniversary, we'll definitely go then. I've stayed in other chain hotels in NYC and the rooms, when compared, are larger (ours was on the 41st floor with a view of Times Square). Everything was clean, bed extremely comfortable. The elevators were awesome as well...with great views of the hotel lounge.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>mlillywh
<Content>It dont get more central than this       View from the Lobby Bar  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>FastFreddy
<Content>Marriott Marquis in New York - The Heart of Big Apple       Lifts of the Marquis  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>kasg126
<Content>loved the marquis!! my husband and i just got back today from a very cold but fabulous weekend in nyc...i surprised him for his birthday and booked the marriott marquis in the center of times square. the location is the best...we walked everywhere and let me tell you it was the coldest weekend so far this winter, the temperature w/ wind chills close to zero! only blocks to walk to the garden( to see the knicks/nets game ), shopping, and of course you re right in the center of times square to see any broadway show..the hotel service was top notch from the curb service to the front desk to the restaurants...the room was great and spend the extra$ to get the view overlooking times square ..its really worth it especially if you dont visit nyc often......another tip is unless you really need to see a specific broadway show ..get the discount tickets ....again another perk of staying at the marquis, the discount ticket stand is right outside the marquis,the line looked like we would suffer frostbite til we got our tickets but we made it through in 38 minutes (yes i did time it!).....we cant wait to go back in a few months when its warm and bring the kids!!!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pinklady1177
<Content>fantastic hotel - pinklady Trinidad Our family had the most memorable trip to nyc last spring, most of which we attribute to this fantastic hotel. Its location is ideal, smack in the middle of Times Square. The rooms were virtually sound proof and the beds were equivalent to sleeping on clouds. There are also many restaurants to choose from and a very friendly staff. The major addiction were those supersonic elevators!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BeeneverywhereGirl!
<Content>Absolutely Amazing! Stayed here twice , first time on New Years Eve 2004 and then in October 2005 and it was absolutely amazing both times, the location is second to none, views from the bedrooms are amazing, its right beside shopping, theatres and tube stations. Loved every minute of staying there, the bar is gorgeous and relaxing while still being very trendy..the breakfast buffet is out of this world and the staff are unbelivably friendly and accommodating, couldnt reccommend the place enough  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Smile_Traveler
<Content>Kids loved the Marriott We recently spent five nights at the Marriott Marquis and had a wonderful time. We were checked in by Francesco who did a great job of explaining the hotel. The elevators were no problem!! We stayed during the Thanksgiving weekend and rarely had to wait for ride.The room was great for 2 adults and 2 teens. We had two queen beds and two easy chairs. There was plenty of room for us to move around and relax after long days exploring NYC. The beds were very comfortable and clean. Super views of Times Square and the Hudson River from the 41st floor. It rained the day of the Macy parade and after a couple hours of rain we retreated to the room. We were able to see the last of the balloons and watch parade on TV at the same time.Hotel is in the middle of everything! Very convenient and easy to walk to many of attractions and theaters. TKTS booth located in lobby area. Cabs were easy to get at the stand under hotel.We think this hotel made our trip all the more special. It is more expensive than others in the area but I trust you will agree that you just can't beat the location and convenience.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>HartleyManchesterUk
<Content>Fantastic I have just returned from a 2 night stay at the Marriot and I cant rave about it enough. The location is fantastic, right in the thick of it all. The rooms were great i was travelling with my daughter and husband so we had a room with 2 double beds. I opted for a high floor with Times Square view which was amazing when i got the courage to actually look out. We ate in The View resteraunt one night and the food, staff and atmosphere was excellent, definately something you have to see. Whilst there we visited the Empire State Building which is a must, I purchased tickets online before travelling which meant we didnt have to queue. We also did the Skyride which was great fun.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>familyjoool
<Content>Fabulous hotel         
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>meko33
<Content>Loved "The View" We stayed there 3 nights while on a tour of New York. Great place. No complaints. Be sure to visit The View.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>w2889nj
<Content>Yada yada yada鈥?just book it鈥?#x201d; Ditto what everyone else wrote.The elevator situation is much improved. Minimal waiting. No more long waits or 鈥渞ush hour traffic鈥?prior to theatre show times. Another plus at the Marquis is that they will allow a cot in a standard room to accommodate 5 people (well, 2 adults and 3 kids anyway - it fit between the double beds in the room we had). You may want to call ahead in advance to make reservations at the revolving restaurant 鈥淭he View鈥?br/>  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sspurr
<Content>Suprisingly good Over the years I have heard not so great things about the Marriott Marquis and so when I was block booked here with some colleagues I wasnt wildly happy. However, rumours are sometimes just that and I must say I was pleasantly suprised. The room cost was favourable to competitors and the experience enjoyable. The rooms are a good size with Sofa, chair and a very comfortable bed. One little niggle and for the second time in a row in new york, my bathroom still had the hair of the previous guest in the bath - but they were very apologetic and it was cleaned again within 10 minutes. I would recommend this for a times square option with space and a good facilities.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>flizzer
<Content>great location in an incredible city!! Stayed here just on a quick overnight tagging along with a friend  her son who works in the city. The location can't be beat, right in the center of the action with easy subway access to lower manhattan  uptown, and times square right out the door!We had a lovely view of times square on the 25th fl....ditto the previous reviews on the quiet  great, comfortable beds....i agree on the oddity of the bathroom door situation but the nifty under the counter nite lite made up for it!! Service was top shelf, folks at every corner to explain the elevator situation...the workout room had a fab view  if you bring your headphones you have a private tv screen if the view bores you.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>ianexams
<Content>Excelent stay We have just returned back to the Uk following a three night stay at the Marriott Marquis, everything was perfectfrom the moment we checked into the hotel, very polite reception and porterage staff, we were in our rooms within a couple of minutes. The bedrooms were very clean and well appointed with all the extras available as standard, bed s were the most comfortable of any hotel I have stayed in throughout the world, with fresh linen daily. The food was very varied in the hotel would suggest the excellent views from the Buffet Restaurant on the 48 th Floor. The food on the 8th Floor restaurant both for Breakfast and Dinner was of a 5. star standard the staff were outstanding. We have enjoyed the hotel that have already rebooked to return in November 2007. The hotel is ideal for Broadway and we could hear very little noise from our rooms on the 22 nd Floor. Thank s for a great holiday  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PEBBLES27
<Content>Trip to Big Apple My third trip to New York and this time taking my mum. Thought the Mariott Marquis was excellently placed, good sized, clean rooms and quiet. The beds were like home and all services were first class. Although we were in such an excellent position the room was silent and enabled good rest whilst a short stay didn't enable time adjustment. All staff and food encountered......... excellent. Whilst I would describe the hotel as pretty soul less it was perfect for our requirements. Would return there for any future trips. Be sure to take the buffet in the top revolving restaurant.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>williamc
<Content>Central I stayed at the Marriott Marquis for a long weekend back end of October. Although the hotel was positioned centrally near times square, and walking to Bloomingdales, the empire state, macy's, grand central was easy to access, I found the rooms within the hotel a little small, or to be more exact the layout difficult. The bathroom door when opened stopped access to the rest of the room from the entrance, and it was a little austere.The elevators were simple enough to work out, as they are computer controlled, in that you put the level/floor you are staying on into a wall mounted key pad next to the elevators, and you will be displayed with the specific one to use, eliminating a stop at every floor.The food in the hotel was ok, but I have had better I think in every other hotel I have visited.Everything was clean and tidy however, for me, it was just sort of ordinary and apart from the location not worth the price tag at all really.Shame, as I hoped for better food in the big apple, and a little more charm of the hotel that so many well positioned London hotels of simular prices offer.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>helenmag
<Content>Great Location  I stayed here during my first trip to America and to New York. The hotel is in a great location for all of the theatres and is right bang in times square. The hotel felt very safe and there is everything you could wish for. The staff were all very friendly and happy to help when you asked but they didn't fuss over you un-necessarily. If you need service its there from the cocktail lounge to the concierge desk and there was even a desk for theatre tickets. The hotel has a few entrances which can be a bit confusing at first and at first site it doesnt look welcoming but once you get inside its great.If you like bustle and to be in the heart of things this is the hotel for you although it is intimidating when you first arrive and there will be people who would prefer a more peaceful location.The cost of the hotel was reasonable bearing in mind the great location, gorgeous rooms and amenities.Also the lift system worked very well with no problems at all.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>myhaven
<Content>Surprisingly goos for a Marriot I rated this hotel excellent, considering that it is a Marriot, not my chain of choice. Actually, I avoid chains, but this was the conference hotel and the other reviews on this site put me at ease. First, it is not overwhelming like the NYC version, nor ugly. They manage to successfully differentiate the spaces enough so you don't have to navigate a football stadium, yet you can figure out the lay of the land in one go. Best, it is quiet - they don't torture you with music and there's enough padding to absorb noise. The motor entrance (only way to get in) is pretty miserable and not terribly safe from vehicles should you opt to hoof it. Our room was on the 41st floor, across the hall from the ice machine, which we did not hear. Magnificent bed (not too soft like many luxury beds) and great view. They manage to keep prices low by little omissions, which are worth the trade off - no robes, make-up mirror or mini-bar, e.g. While the reservation staff looked wiped and it was only noon, my rep treated me with the kind of politeness and desire to please that you find in a luxury hotel. In short, you don't feel like you're in a cattle call hotel, which it basically is. Oh - the exercise room is great, and you must travel to a high floor and look down from many vantage points, it's like peering through a kaleidescope.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>collieman
<Content>Great hotel This is the second time this year we have stayed in the hotel.The staff are really helpful  the rooms are great size  very clean (having just done QM2 across the pond)the food was of a far greater quality than the ship.Its in a great location  just a great place to stay.We wished we had flown to NY  spent 8 nights in the hotel  not bothered with the QM2.All we can say is go  stay in it  try the view resturant although alittle expensive WHAT VIEWS worth the moneywell done marriott.John  Karen London UK.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Marge246
<Content>Impeccable Service Despite High Volume This huge, theatre district hotel is a buzzing hub of transient activity, and it's amazing that it is so well maintainted with such great service given the volume of guests it moves in and out every day.Every staff contact was highly competent, professional, and friendly. You felt that you were in the hands of a hospitality consultant for New York at every turn. Even our special room service requests were correct.Our room was well soundproofed with extraordinary beds and the usual Marriott big workspace which I believe is superior to other brands. We had a handicapped room, which was a surprise but actually turned out to work pretty well.If you can bear the celestial midtown pricing, this hotel is a rock-solid winner in a great location.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	5	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>mjdallas
<Content>Terrific Locataion, Great Views, Wonderful Beds We used Marriott points for a 6 night stay. We took our 13 year old granddaughter to New York as a gift so this was a special trip for us. My husband is a Marriott Platinum member so we did enjoy some extra benefits. We arrived at the hotel prepared to go to the 8th floor to check in. When we walked in the door we were asked if we were Executive rewards club. My husband said that he was Platinum and as a result we were able to check right in on the first floor. We only went to the 8th floor twice in 6 days-once just to see it and the second time when my husband's key stopped working so we needed to get him another key.The elevators are great if you follow the system. I can see how it can be a little confusing for some people, but we never had a problem. We were told that the elevators never stop at more than 5 floors and while we were there they rarely stopped at more than 3. We did see some people who apparently couldn't figure out the system and they got on the wrong elevator. However the system is simple and we never had a problem with waiting for one and we were always able to get one with a minimum wait.Our room was on the 39th floor with a spectacular Times Square View. The room was clean, large for a New York hotel room, and very quiet. The beds were extremely comfortable and the lighting in the room was very adequate. We opted for the $16.95 internet package. This package is usually $9.95 at other Marriotts around the country, but we were in NYC so we went with the flow. Because of my husband's Platinum status we had access to the Concierge Lounge. The lounge is open Sunday evening and Monday through Thursday and then Friday morning for breakfast. It is closed Friday from about 2:30 until Sunday evening. This was a terrific benefit. Every morning during the week we had breakfast in the Lounge. They served scrambled eggs, fruit, cereal, assorted cold cuts, bagels, three types of whipped cream cheese,yogurt, coffee, pastries and juices. If we had to purchase this same breakfast in one of the hotel restaurants it would have cost us about $18.00 a person. There is a case in the Lounge with assorted juices, yogurt, water and soft drinks. About 5:30 pm they put out appetizers. There were always two hot appetizers, three salads, 4 wonderful cheeses,crackers, rolls, and more fruit. One evening we were so tired from walking all over the city we had the appetizers in the Lounge and skipped dinner. The wine and other alcoholic beverages were more expensive than at other Concierge Lounges around the country. A glass of wine was $10.50 and at other Lounges around the country a glass of wine is usually around $5.50 or $6.50 a glass. At 8:30 they put out dessert and coffee. I highly recommend that you price rooms both on and off the Concierge level. If you aren't an Executive Marriott Rewards member at a level that automatically gives you Concierge Loung privileges and you are going to be staying at the hotel on days that the Lounge is open and if the difference in price isn't too great it would be a benefit to book the Concierge Level room. They also have free wireless computer access in the Concierge Lounge if you prefer not to pay $16.95 a day for access in your room. We have stayed here in the past and would definitely stay here again. You can't beat the location.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>austinmax
<Content>location location location How can you beat this hotel right on Times Square. We saw four shows during our 5 day visit. TKTS is on the first floor. Lion king on one side, Beauty and the Beast on the other. Drosy Chaperone right in the hotel, Restaurants galore all over and if you dont want to step put of the hotel, just eat in one of their restaurants. The View on the 49th floor is to die for.Our room was on the 42nd floor. Our only complaints was the elevator system which sometimes does not make sense. You will have a doxen people waiting for one elevator while another one opens up and closes immeidately with no one getting on.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>littlesassy
<Content>Roomy for 4 People The rooms are a good size for 4 people to stay. The bathroom was also a good size. The room wasn't any larger than like a Hampton Inn, but for New York it was good. The room was clean as well as the bathroom. I didn't see any mold or anything gross like that. I am the worst critic. I was very satisfied, maybe not with the price, but you know in order to stay somethere decent you will have to pay. Our overall experience was good. This hotel is very large. You have to check in on the 8th floor. When we got inside, there wasn't anyone directing you where to go, but I did see people there on other days helping out. We had a great view of Times Square. The location is really good. There is a subway near by, like maybe 2 blocks. Great location for all the Broadway shows. Juniors across the street is nice, and good cheesecake. It is not an upscale place to eat, by anymeans. Johns Pizza is great. You will not be disappointed to eat there. Overall this is a good hotel. Would stay there again as well as tell friends to stay there.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Tricolours
<Content>Well positioned first class hotel I stayed here at the end of September with my wife after finishing a conference up the road at the Essex House (which I thought was pretty ordinary). I found this hotel to be really good with possibly the most comfortable hotel beds I have experienced. Yes it is a big hotel and perhaps a little impersonal but none the less it is in a great position to explore the City and its facilities are tremendous. I would definitely rate this hotel as first class and would also definitely stay there again if I returned to New York. BTW I encountered no problems with the lifts and actually found them a bit of a novelty.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Beach Bum Woman
<Content>Loved It! Hubby and I in NYC for an 10 year anniversary celebration. We both loved the Marriott. We used Marriott points for our 2 night stay. Had a great room on the 23rd floor. The room was spacious, clean, comfy bed, and a view of Times Square. We were also on the same floor as the Fitness Center which was the best in any hotel I have ever stayed and it actually tempted you to work-out, which I did this morning before checking out. The service was great - friendly and helpful staff. We loved the elevator system and if you rode up in an outer elevator, the views on your way were great. The staff that welcomed you on the 1st floor helped to guide you to the 8th floor lobby and introduce you to the elevator system. Easy as can be and no long lines to wait. After check-in and in search of dinner options, the gal who checked us in suggested Juniors which is directly behind the hotel. Great burgers and NY cheesecake. After dinner, we went to The View lounge for 'the view' and a $15.00 drink - yes pricey, but we did get a souvenir glass and we were in NYC after all. We enjoyed breakfast our first morning in the Encore Restaurant in the Marriott and had the breakfast buffet. Service and food both very good. After some sightseeing (weather was rainy, so not perfect), we had a drink in The Broadway Lounge in the Marriott before getting ready for dinner and our show - Wicked - which was FABULOUS and highly recommended! I loved the location of the Marriott, the great staff, comfortable rooms, and we will be sure to return on our next visit to New York City!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>LAT10258
<Content>Want to go back! Have just spent 3 nights at the Marriott and loved it. We booked directly through the hotel's website and couldn't find better deals elsewhere. The first 2 nights we were there we booked a Times Sq room, was on the 31st floor with wonderful views. We left NY for 5 nights for a cruise, then returned to the hotel for 1 night. This time we had booked a room with Escape Package which cost $20 more per night than the Times Sq room. The room didn't look onto Times Sq. but still had a great view . Included in this package was dinner for 2 at The View, very good buffet breakfast for 2 plus a bottle of champagne and truffles sent to our room - wonderful deal if you can get it!!The lifts were really great apart from trying to get to the View Restaurant. Allow extra time if you have a booking there. The restaurant is excellent !Our rooms were both very good, exceptionally clean and spacious.All staff were very helpful and friendly.Can't wait to return!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Housekeep_Scrutiny
<Content>Hated It Bathroom tiles had mold. Furniture was threadbare. Sheets had holes. Towels were stained.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>live2travel1978
<Content>Great location and views of the city! I booked the hotel from a travel website for $250/night. When I got to the hotel, I was in for a surprise. They charged nearly $50 a day for parking!! I recommend parking across the street at the public lot. You'll save at least $20 a day! Despite the expensive parking, the hotel is very luxurious and has a great view of Times Square and Manhattan! It is nearby the broadway theaters and other attractions of Times Square. If money isn't an issue, I highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ears2u
<Content>"Give my regards to Broadway!" Spent five nights at the Marrriott and loved every moment of our stay in the hotel - and the city! It is a bit daunting to be delivered at the door by your limo - only to try to fend for yourself as you try to make your way through a busy ground level lobby...thank goodness for the welcome people who are standing near the elevators, seeking out new guests and showing them to the elevator bank. Moments later you are deposited at the 8th floor registration area and from then on, it's pure fun! I was using Marriott Elite points for our stay and fully expected to be placed in a room with no view (or windows for that matter!). No matter how much you trust your loyalty, one always has to worry about how the game really works when you cash in! We were warmly welcomed, and issued a Times Square View corner room on the 26th floor - 33% larger than regular rooms and simply perfect for us (myself, my wife, and my son who flew in to join us for the week-end from Seattle!). We had a king bed, plus a queen sofabed- and still plenty ot room!I could go on and on, but let me simply say a few things:1. The staff at the Marriott, from desk to security to housekeeping were friendly and welcoming!2. Food in the 8th floor restaurant was fabulous!3. Absolutely nothing to be afraid of in the area - other than  mobs of people! The mobs are happy though!4. The Marquis Theatre is hosting The Drowsy Chaperone.  The show is a don't miss - you will bust your sides laughing.Thanks Marriott - we'll be back!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LongtimeinSF
<Content>Excellent location; elevators were OK; We loved our stay!!! We stayed here for several nights in October'06 and really enjoyed the hotel..location, nice rooms (we had awesome view of Times Square), good service and proximity to theaters...First, let me address the elevator issue, which seems to be bothering most reviewers: We stayed at the hotel during the week and I imagine it wasn't sold out, because we didn't experience major waits or crowds by the elevators. The system is odd, but it seemed to have been working fine, at least during our stay. We did notice increased waits on Friday afternoon, but we were checking out already.The rooms: we really liked the rooms, they were spacious, with adequate bathroom space, excellent bedding and even a coffee maker; compared to other 4 star properties we've stayed at in NY, this room was excellent; even realizing that there're other 4-5 star properties out there (not in NY) with more luxurious rooms, this was fine. The location: I was a bit apprehensive about staying right on Times Square, because I remember it being dirty and filled with bums - this was NOT the case. Times Square has changed, it's still very crowded (as to be expected of course), but it's very well maintained, there're tons of restaurants in the vicinity and not a homeless insight (I wish I could say the same about my native SF). More on location: If you come to NY for vacation, Broadway is a must. An extra nice thing about Marriott is that there's a same-day ticket booth for hard-to-get (and other) shows on Broadway right on the first floor of the hotel- the tx are discounted (about 40-50% off). We were able to see as much as time allowed. Other: there're several subway stops right near the hotel; it's close to downtown, all the Midtown tourist attractions, the pier (if you'd like a boat ride), shopping (Macy's, Daffy's, 5th Avenue, etc) and a million restaurants in the area. Overall, I would recommend this hotel. We really enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>shadoecat
<Content>Great hotel - great location would definitely stay here again - the only downside was the long wait for the elevators.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>jamlewis
<Content>First Rate I was thoroughly impressed with my stay at the NY Marriott Marquis. My wife and I stayed two nights, a Friday and Saturday. These are two of the busiest days of the week at this property and our stay went off w/o a hitch. From our check in experience, where the gentleman checking us in accomodated our request for an upgraded room , to the hotel staff guiding us through the process of catching the elevator. The room was a beatiful suite, and was very large. It was very clean and appealing. Some of the furniture appeared a little worn, and some items appeared dusty, but nothing unusual. I contacted the front desk on a few occassions to ask questions about local calls and even info on the show we were going to see, and they were very pleasant and courteous. The housekeeping and turndown service were good, and overall I do not have a single negative thing to say about the service the staff provided. I have read some reviews regarding the wait for the elevator, and I can say we never waited more than 3 minutes for an elevator( even right after the shows let out). However, the line to get in to the View restaurant elevator was outrageous. We did not sample any of the in-house dining or bar options, well because NY is aleady expensive and the Marquis doesn't buck the system when it comes to affordability. My biggest pet peave is the charge for internet service. I travel quite regularly , and I have grown accustomed to the free internet most of the hotels I stay in provide. When you are playing tourist the internet has replaced the fodors guide as the best tool for navigating a city, and to go without or fork over $17/ day is aggravating for a $400/ night room.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	4	2	

<Author>RNY
<Content>Excellent View of Times Square Check-in was efficient and friendly. Our room was not ready for early check-in but the porters quickly took care of our bags and we were off to see the city. It was an easy walk to the UN on a beautiful day. After the UN tour our room was ready. It was on the 31st floor, large with a sitting area, and aview of Time Square. The concierge lounge was on the floor below where we went for late afternoon snacks which could have easily turned into dinner. The next two mornings we had breakfast in the lounge while looking down on the city bustling below. We stayed using Marriott Reward points but the concierge rooms and lounge would have been worth it even if we'd been paying cash. The elevators that some people seem to find a problem were very efficient. In a hotel as large as the Marquis we really appreciated being able to go directly between floors without multiple stops as happens in most elevators. Other than our ears popping when we sped from the 1st floor to the 31st floor nonstop we were delighted with the experience and wished more large hotels installed a similar system.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ShereKhan0074
<Content>Small but clean room, great bed! It was a bit disappointing that the hotel was unable to grant my request for checkin two hours early (4 pm is the normal checkin time), but I was quite pleased once I got into the room. The beds had high quality linens and a down comforter, and the firmess of the mattress was also adjustable. Bathroom was clean but the heatlamp was ineffective so I had a chilly shower the next morning. A great array of toiletries, including a mini mesh sponge! The thermometer was a bit tricky to operate, because even though I set it at 73, it would blast cold air into the room to maintain the temperature, so it would get very cold every hour or so. The price I found at Travelocity.com was $50 less than advertised on the hotel's website, so i was quite pleased overall. Plus, the hotel is a convenient 2-minute walk to Penn station and located at hte corner of a nice little plaza that included the Manhattan Mall and lots of eateries. I'd definitely go back.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>AKWSH
<Content>Fantastic Location Booked this last minute for 1 night at New year 05-06. Was pleasently surprised. The hotels location was fantastic. Directly in the middle of times square with a tube station across the road so access could be gained to everywhere. Hotel was lovely decorated and the beds were extremly comfortable. Highly recommended. Any questioin s just ask??  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>june252000
<Content>Great Hotel in the Heart of Times Square I stayed at the Marquis for 4 nights in September while in NY on business. So the hotel is huge.... but my experience with Marriott Marquis hotels in other cities is that it is HUGE.. so that was not a surprise. If you're looking for a quiet hotel away from the hustle and bustle, this is not the place... but neither is Times Square for that matter!! My check in experience was fine - my room was ready and not too high up as I requested in my pre-check in information. I ate in the restaurant (Encore) a few times and quite enjoyed both their breakfast and dinner. The elevator system is quite unique, i.e. select the floor you want and you are directed to a particular elevator - much nicer than stopping at each floor on the way up or down. Yes, it's extremely busy and can even be somewhat loud... but as a loyal Marriott rewards member, I am always pleased by the service provided by this chain of hotels. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Jill7394u48
<Content>State of Confusion Granted that noone goes to NYC to relax, but this is the pits.You arrive at the hotel, thinking you'll be in the lobby. All you see is an elevator shaft, hundreds of people and an ubiquitous Starbucks. Thoroughly depressing, if you ask me. Then you have to go up I don't know how many floors to the lobby, only to wait in a very long line for check-in. Elevators take forever, even though there are many.The atmosphere is not at all welcoming. They make you feel like dirt.The hotel is huge and nobody ever notices you coming in or out, which some might like.There were actually birds flying inside the hotel, and nobody seemed the least bit upset about their welfare.The room was just ok. The view was good, onto Times Square, and it was clean. The bathroom had the same problem as other bathrooms in American hotels, the ceiling is very low. I'm short and it even bothers me, must be awful for tall people.Another awful point is that no breakfast was included. Had to go down to said Starbucks, not an enjoyable experience.On my next trip to NYC, I will stay elsewhere. This isn't the sort of place I'd like to return to, although I would if I couldn't find anything that better suited me. In other words, not completely crossed off my list, but did not leave a pleasant aftertaste.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>Parothead-Pete
<Content>Wonderfull Hotel !!! I stayed at the Marriott Marquis for two nights in September, before sailing back to England on the Queen Mary 2.The hotel was booked as part of the package with Cunard, so I didn't choose this hotel myself.After booking, I looked on TripAdvisor for reviews of the hotel, and to be honest ,I was disappointed - there were some negative comments.However, having stayed there, I can say that this is a wonderful hotel !It is big, but that was not a problem.I found :very easy check in/outvery clean rooms, and all public areasno problem at all with the lifts/elevatorsvery friendly staff, and very helpfuland good food.One point to mention-The View restaurant- the revolving restaurant on the top floor,very nice food in very unusual surroundings, well worth a vist, but somewhat expensive.All in all, I would return to this hotel on my next visit without hesitation, to the point where I wouldn't even look for another hotel.10 out of 10, definately.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cash1
<Content>Excellent Hotel, Excellent room       view from our fllor looking down onto gym  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>KilmichaelGirl
<Content>Loved it We wound up taking a cab to the Marriott after fleeing the Sheraton at 3am (see the reviews for Sheraton Manhattan). We checked in and had a wonderful stay. All the people at the front desk were immensely helpful, remembering me when I came down the next day. All the staff was friendly. The rooms were large, and we had a pretty good view of a portion of Times Square. The location can't be beat. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>dowagerton
<Content>Well Run Although this hotel is immense, it is beautifully run. The staff is well trained and friendly. The elevator system is very intresting---you punch in the floor you want and are assigned an elevator. This is almost always very quick and not too crowded. I thought our room was well-planned, clean, and decorated in a fun geometric sytle. My only possible complaint about this hotel is also one of its big selling points, I'm sure...the location right on Times Square. It is just a matter of personal preference, but I could do without the crowds, lights, etc., on a full-time basis. The draperies and insulation make this a very quiet hotel despite the hub-bub outside.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Madisosa
<Content>Elegant room, great location, but poor roomservice. The room was great, but the roomservice was very poor. We ordered the Clam Chowder and the Nachos, and they were both really bad. Make sure you do not eat at just any restaurant in Times Square. That is where we had our most expensive and worst tasting meal. Check reviews online for restaurants, and for the same price and/or less, you can have some of the best dining in the world.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	2	4	

<Author>wawazatt
<Content>Excellent stay..Staying here again! Booked a room at the Marquis during the third weekend of March 2006 for the first time. I found a great rate at $199 and took advantage of a great deal. First of all, this hotel is in the middle of Times Square, the middle of everything, fast paced, the typical NYC hustle and bustle. If you dont like crowds..stay somewhere else. If you are impatient..stay somehwhere else. If you dont like elevators..stay somehwere else.Ok, the important info:The room was clean and large compared to others I have stayed at in NYC. The bathroom including tub and toilet were clean, the bed linen was clean, the conceirge was friendly ( even though the lobby area was packed with people, they still took the time to patiently answer our questions ) check in was easy but is located on the third floor, the elevators gave us no problem, overall, this is a great place to stay. Shop around for good rates. I would recommend this hotel for all types from singles, couples, families, etc. Have fun, it's NYC!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>florida70
<Content>I Loved This Hotel! This hotel has everything you could possibly want! I absolutely loved it. It is located directly across the street from the Minskoff Theatre and Juniors (famous for their cheesecake). It is in walking distance to Central Park, Trump International Hotel and Tower, Bad Boy Entertainment Worldwide, and the starting point for tour buses. The glass elevators move between floors so fast that you think you are on a ride in an amusement park. I loved it! The View restaurant on the top floor is awesome. Well, the view from the restaurant is awesome; the buffet is terrible. If you don't mind paying $30/person for cold food, then this is the place for you. Otherwise, don't eat the buffet! It's not worth the money. Valet parking is $50/night. There is a parking garage directly across the street (next to Juniors) that is a lot less expensive. Enjoy! This is a fabulous place to stay. And it's worth every penny!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>govt_traveler
<Content>Impressive place I stayed at the Marriott Marquis Times Square during a weekend in early August.The location was the main reason I choose this hotel. It's in a very convenient location, just steps from the Times Square subway station.I was really impressed by the hotel. The room was very spacious for Manhattan. There were leak stains on the ceiling but they must have already patched up the leak. The bed was very comforatble, and there were no noise issues from outside or from the adjacent rooms.The atrium lounge on the 8th floor was great for meeting up with friends in the city. It's spacious and has comfortable furniture. Plus, you can order drinks in the evening.The famous/infamous elevators are not a problem at all if you know how to use them. I got where I needed to go relatively quickly, even during the rush times.Overall, a great choice! I plan to stay at the Marriott Marquis again!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Mandy03
<Content>Great Stay! If you are going to the theater or doing mid-town activities the Marriott Marquis is in an excellent location. We were so impressed by the helpful staff everywhere. Housekeeping was excellent, very clean room and our towels were thick. Our king room had a fold out sofa - perfect for me and my two teens. The beds are very comfortable. The view of Times Square was fantastic and instead of watching TV at night the kids would stare out the window. Our room seemed quiet, not a lot of outside noise. However the walls are a bit thin and you could hear your neighbor use the bathroom next to you, toilet flush and phone ring. We were very lucky to have calm respectful people staying on either side of us, so we had no noise issues. Overall, most of the guests were very pleasant, not the Las Vegas type that come in the room and start a party at all hours. The only criticism I have are the restaurant prices. I'm willing to pay extra for the convenience of an in-house restaurant, but the Marriott was too overpriced. At least for dinner, we were able to walk two blocks down 46th street to Restaurant Row and had some great food and no wait!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gvldiva
<Content>As usual a great Marriott Stay! I do not understand how this hotel gets some of the poor ratings I have seen on this site. We flew up to see the Color Purple and Wicked. First, we arrived on Friday at about 3 pm. We didn't have any trouble with the elevators. If one can read, one should be able to operate the elevators in the Marriott. We could see where they had recently completed some renovations. The first thing I thought as we went up the elevator was how much this hotel reminded me of the JW Marriott in San Francisco. When we arrived on the 8th floor to check in we queued for all of 3 minutes. We had 2 rooms and in a flash we were on our way to our rooms. Everywhere we turned in this hotel we were offered assistance. Our rooms were beautiful and clean. The beds were beyond comfortable. Plenty of good towels. Good water pressure in the shower. Check out was a breeze. We did so much shopping that we decided to ship what we bought back home. Not a problem. We called, At your service and a gentleman came up boxed up our purchases and off he went. We received the items in 3 days. I will note that I thought the security at the Crowne Plaza up the street was better than at the Marriott. At the Crowne one cannot get on the elevators without showing your room key. The other thing I will note is that the food was so expensive. I wasn't feeling well after the flight, and I ordered room service. I ordered a turkey sandwich, baked potato and small bottled water. The cost was over $31. That even seemed expensive for me by NYC standards. All in all I enjoyed my stay at the Marriott and would stay again anytime.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OxfordUKTraveller
<Content>Not a great escape! This hotel is quite amazing - 2000 rooms over 40 floors. The problem is that it feels as though you are staying in a shopping mall. It lacks personal service and the rooms are particularly tired for a hotel of this star rating - the towels particularly were so old, rough and discoloured. There are no mini-bars in the room and the furniture is scratched - the rooms are very dark. We went up to the revolving restaurant at the top of the hotel, which was offering a vast buffet - we didn't taste the food, but the ambiance was more 3* with most people not adhering to the smart dress code. The lobby of the hotel is amassed with people trying to get theatre tickets for Broadway shows and you certainly don't feel relaxed when you get back from a great day in the City. It's too big, too hectic, too many people and lacks a personal touch. Sadly disappointed.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>mulac21
<Content>I would never stay there again! It was awful! I stayed here on the strength of recommendations from others on this site and because of price, but I have to say I will honestly never stay in this hotel again. Firstly the queues at Reception upon my arrival AND my departure were awful. I queued for over 20 minutes each time while not all desks were open and I watched reception staff standing behind closed desks at reception chatting and drinking coffee. Views were ok - I was on the 29th floor. However, I smoke 30 a day and the smoking room I was given was truly dissgusting - and that's from me. The walls were yellow and the stink in the room made me feel ill (and this never bothers me - and I stay in hotels over 100 nights a year always in smoking rooms). The room I found very small - we were only there one night so we had 3 adults in one kingsize room: 2 in the king bed and 1 on the sofa bed (which was made iwth dirty sheets and had to be changed!) - and when that was out you could not move in the room. I honestly will never stay in this hotel again. The only positive thing I can say was that the shower was fantastic and the bathroom products fantastic. I wish I could give a more balanced review, but on this occasion I cannot. On another note, business centre is very expensive ($8 for 15 mins online I was charged).  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>1	3	1	2	1	1	2	1	

<Author>NoName101
<Content>Everyone should stay here! I have read your reviews since Jan '06. This site helped me make my decision on which hotel I should stay at. I am very thankful to Tripadvisor for providing this GREAT service.1. The hotel is perfectly located on Time Sqaure and REAL close to most, if not all of the Broadway Theatres.2. The interior of the hotel is VERY WELL kept. The place looks like a NEW hotel. The staff maintain this place constantly  properly. The place smell REAL GOOD.3. The elevators are by far the BEST elevator system I have EVER used. They are well kept and VERY efficient. (many people who experience problems, are usually people who have problem following instructions). I have seen people running from elevator to elevator asking if this elevator was going to their floor. The system is SOOOO straight forward. There are 10 or 13 elevators. You go to one of many computerized keypad and enter your floor and wait for the computer to direct to a particular elevator letter. IT'S THAT EASY. You just go and wait infront of your elevator for a maximum of 2 or 3 minutes, usually much sooner.4. The rooms are definately some of the largest, cleanest and best kept hotel rooms I have been in. The toilets are a good size  VERY well kept, the beds VERY comfortable, the room VERY clean.5. The staff are the best. Regardless of what time of the day or night, if you call for any kind of problem, regardless of the time, someone is there within 5 minutes.6. Checking in and checking out are a breeze. The staff are very fast and very friendly.7. Breakfast in the hotel, though expensive, (buffet $22.00 adults but $4.50 children) is REALLY good. Lots to choose from and really tasty and CLEAN.8. Bellmen are ALWAYS avaliable, all day long. We booked a bellman for 6:30 am and he was on time without any followup calls. Need a cab? no problem at this hotel. Numerious people are always avaliable to call a cab for you which are lined off outside the building.9. There is a Starbucks on the 8th Floor (limited opening hours) and a larger one on the ground floor which opens early and closes late.This has been the best hotel experience I have ever had. We booked a couple of rooms which were together with a Time Square view, and we have yet to make a complaint that was a true problem.My Advice To You: If the price of this hotel is within your budget, you should trully consider this hotel. You will not be disappointed. Complain? you could always complain. Disappointed? you won't be. Don't forget, the hotel is within walking distance of Broadway shows, most attractions and most shopping areas (Time Square, Fifth Avenue, Fashion Avenue, etc..)Thank you Marriott Marquis New York and thank you Trip Advisor.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NJCarol
<Content>So So experience I stayed at the Marriot over the weekend to attend a conference with my boyfriend. Being from New Jersey I guess I experience the city a bit differently than a tourist would. I didnt like the Times Square location, though Times Square is surely the tourist meca of the city. The biggest plus I saw were the beds, they were like sleeping on a cloud. They should be for the price. I spent most of my time waiting for elevators to arrive and taking them up and down to have a smoke. For me the hotel was way to large, I prefer a more intimate setting and it was so crowed, it was very stressful, just the thing I was trying to get away from. If your looking for noise, conjestion and the elevators don't confuse or annoy you, the Marriot may be the right choice.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>3	1	4	2	5	3	3	3	

<Author>joshj_146
<Content>Great hotel to be in the middle of times square; good amenities We were looking to go to NYC for 4 days and wanted a hotel that would be right in the thick of things - smack in the middle of Times Square. Being a business traveller, I had to ensure that all rooms were connected to the Internet, which they were. However, Internet was $16.95 USD/day. Check in is @ 3 PM; we got there at around noon. We left our luggage with the bell man and went for lunch. By the time we came back (about 2 PM), the room still wasn't ready. Usually they'd charge you $50/day to have a Times Square view, but the guy at the check in counter gave us that view for free, since they didn't have our original room ready. We asked for a lower floor, and that request was honoured - we were on the 15th floor. Before leaving, I read a lot of reviews here about the elevator situation. Turns out it's all been resolved. In the 4 days we were there, we didn't wait more than a minute for the elevator to arrive - if you use the system correctly. A lot of people don't listen to the staff when they show you how to use them - if you don't know how to use them (which is very simple), you will never get an elevator. The elevators are fast, smooth, and quite nice looking too!The room was very average for a Mariott. It was absolutely nothing special, but it was quite spacious and very clean. The bathroom looked nice, with marble counters, etc. My only complaint about the room was that the bathroom drain took a long time to drain (might have been me not knowing how to use it). Also, there was not very much water pressure during my showers. The food in the hotel was VERY expensive ($39/person for breakfast and lunch combined). We didn't have any food in the hotel, although the bars and restaurants in the hotel looked really good. I'm scared of heights, so we didn't go up to the View (45th floor revolving restaurant). The public areas of the hotel looked brand new - marble everywhere. My favourite thing about the hotel was: the location, and the security. We came back at about 2:30 AM after a night of just walking around an enjoying the nightlife. I was pleasantly suprised to see security waiting on the first floor looking at people's room key before letting them into the hotel. I thought that this was great, especially with how open the hotel is. I can't comment on the prices because a relative of mine is a travel agent so we got a deal. Overall, if you want to be right in the middle of times square, and stay in a hotel with tons of services and very nice staff, the Marquis is surely for you! There are also tons of restaurants and stores  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>groupoffour
<Content>Good " times " at the Marquis My husband and I and our teenage son and daughter stayed 5 nights at this hotel at the end of July. It was our second stay there in 2 years. The hotel could not be more convenient to everything as it is in the center of Times Square. We arrived mid morning and were given an early check-in. Clovis, at the front desk ,was most helpful and we appreciated the early check-in as we had travelled all night. The room was clean, quite spacious (bigger than rooms I've stayed in in Seattle, Honolulu, Toronto, Boston etc) and quiet. Yes you could hear some noise from the street, but it did not bother us in the least and we slept very well. The hotel had a rollaway (single mattress size) for our daughter to use . There are blackout curtains that really do the trick and we often slept until 10. (We are from the West Coast and seemed to just stay on that time) You never heard noise from an adjoining room or from the hallway, unbelievable for a hotel that size. The workout room is outstanding, my son and I enjoyed using it at the end of the day, you look down on Times Square from your treadmill and take in all the lights and action from high above. The subway stations are close by, shopping, restaurants all over and the theater within a few blocks. My daughter and I saw Hairspray (wonderful) and Altar Boyz (so so) and my husband and son saw Dirty Rotten Scoundrels ( they won the lottery and paid $26 for their tickets - go to the theater at 4:30 and put your name in). Make an effort to walk over the Brooklyn Bridge, best time is at dusk to see the Manhattan skyline. Staten Island Ferry is free and gives you a wonderful view of Statue of Liberty. We were given a late checkout on the day we left, so along with the early check-in we could not be happier. We would definitely stay here again. Oh, we never experienced any elevator delays at all, at any time of day or night.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dorans
<Content>Fantastic!!Marriot Marquis We have stayed at the Marriot Marquis twice ,once in November 2004,and again November 2005 (Girls Christmas shopping trip)and we would most definately stay again in a minute.The hotel is in a fantastic location at the heart of Time Square convenient for everything,and the hotel itself absoulutely stunning,with lovely spacious rooms,spotlessly clean bathrooms and fantastic food restaurants to choose from.The staff are very friendly at all times and we unlike some other reviewers had no elevator trouble.Do not have any doubts about staying at this lovely hotel its Fantastic!!and I am particular!!Mrs McDonald,Edinburgh,Scotland.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jms238
<Content>Best location in New York (if you can afford it) This is the second time I have stayed in this hotel (the last was nine years ago), and it is simply the best place in New York. There is not a better location than right in the heart of Times Square. It is wonderful to look out the window and see the heart of the action before you (or a bunch of buildings and the Hudson River nine years ago).Rooms are nicely appointed, the lobby and atrium of the hotel are impressive. The workout facilities are impressive and free, which was surprising.If there is a downside, it is that you have to walk three blocks to access the subway, but that is a small inconvenience. Also, the elevators can take ages, but that will supposedly be fixed once they transition completely to a new set of elevators.This place will wow you. If you've got the cash, check in here.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>pw540
<Content>Great Choice!! The Marriot Marquis is just an all around great hotel.If you are looking for peace and quiet, go elsewhere.The hotel is in the heart of Times Square consequently extremely busy!I stayed with my daughter of 17 and son of 14. Our stay was five days, 7/18 - 7/23/2006.We had little to no problem (wait time) with the ultra quick, lightning speed elevators (most of them glass).Food at the hotel was good but pricey as one would expect. Service was great.The kids and I went to see Monty Python鈥檚 Spamalot. We laughed nearly the entire performance.You could tell the actors and actresses were having a great time as with the audience. Because the hotel is Conveniently located in Times Square, most of the shows are within walking distance. I chose not to stand in the half price tickets line outside the hotel.I purchased the tickets from the hotel on the 8th floor where the concierge and front desk are located.We ate at a really cool restaurant called Thalia, a bit pricey but trendy and within walking distance from the hotel.We also ate in Greenwich Village at a little pizza place called 鈥渢he Pizza Box鈥? Our second visit there and the pizza still tasted amazing. Another good place for fresh pasta and pizza is near the hotel @ 211 W. 43rd , Bella Vita Pizzeria. The bill was $60.00 for the three of us and included drinks and two beers. There are all kinds of places near by to grab a quick s/wich.The workout facility on the 23rd floor rocks!!I highly recommend the hotel especially if you have kids. The are two Starbucks located in the hotel.I ordered a refrigerator for the room as water is quite pricey. There are several drug stores and mini markets for munchies, sodas and water.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bowdenj
<Content>Great big city hotel       Room 4136  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>elk1914
<Content>Awesome Experience Arrived very early on 7/16 for a dance convention, Luggage stored immediately and was called on my cell phone when room was ready (hours before check in time). Received upgrade to Times Square View. All service staff were extremely pleasant and helpful. Elevator system is superb.....just follow the directions!Was permitted late check out with no problem and courteous conversation.A must do if only for a once in a lifetime experience.Other attendees stayed in other hotels in the area to save $$ and were very disappointed with rooms and lack of service.Rooms are clean, large and comfortable. Would love to go back and stay again. Location is excellent.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Travellight05
<Content>Bed Bugs I stayed at the hotel in May 2006 and 4 weeks after my stay I had bed bugs infesting my house! I have attempted multiple times to contact management of the hotel to seek reimbursement from them for the extermination of my home and replacement cost, no one is willing to help me! I am out over $1000 for staying here! The hotel was beautiful but I didn't anticipate bringing bed bugs home in my suitcase! This is my first and last trip to New York!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>StrandFan
<Content>Great Location  This is the third time I've stayed in this hotel, and it was even better than usual. The manager accommodated all our requests: one room with a king, one room with double beds, rooms next to each other, nonsmoking, etc. The location is amazing - right in the middle of Times Square. We could see 3 theaters from our hotel room. The concierge quickly and kindly confirmed our dinner reservations for all three nights. Even the regular rooms are big for Times Square standards. The new workout room is state of the art. And the new elevator system took care of the only thing I didn't like about the hotel before -- waiting for the elevators. It's not a boutique hotel, if that's what you're looking for -- it's a large convention and tourist oriented hotel. It has all the amenities for a comfortable and enjoyable stay, particularly, if you came to see the New York shows, as we did.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Marykatesmom
<Content>Perfect Location, Heavenly Bed We took a last minute trip to NYC and stayed at the Marriott Marquis because my sister raves about it. I think the location is perfect! The sushi bar was fabulous and the drinks at the Broadway Lounge was perfect at the end of the day.We had Sunday brunch at the View which was lovely and delicious but way too pricey to do again. This would be perfect in the evening to see all of the lights of the city as the restaurant is on the 43rd floor and rotates.We were delayed at the Lincoln Tunnel so had to cancel our dinner plans but the conceirge reccommended a nice Italian place Trattatoria Dolo Posto Treatre (Sp?) which had unbelievably great Italian food.I was dissappointed regarding the lack of a pool but the room was very clean and the bedding was exceptionally comfortable. There were plenty of treadmills available and they are the ones with individual TV's.The only downside is when it happens to be busy the elevator's get crazy. It took forever to go up to the eighth floor get our bags and then go down to the 1st floor for our car. Also, on Sunday afternoon there was always a line at the conceirge and if you called you were put on hold indefinately. I just had one question about a location that would have taken 2 seconds to answer but I couldn't wait any longer.Parking is pricey ($50 a day) but I don't know of any options. I would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Kathleen1
<Content>Not worth all the hype My trip was booked through American Holidays and it was just a few pounds short of costing me 拢3000. for myself and my parents. I felt the hotel was very impersonal and definitly not value for money. I felt there was nothing luxurious about this hotel. We went to the encore restaurant in the hotel and left after 20 minutes because no one came to serve us. General impression of the hotel 3 star at best.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amash
<Content>Wonderful stay at one of NYC's best!               
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Hotel in Times Square I took my granddaughter to New York for her 16th Birthday and when we arrived at the hotel they took extra time to welcome us.We stayed on the 42nd floor and the view was great! The dbl room was so spacious and the bedding was heavenly.You check in on the 8th floor and it was a breeze and the elevators were fast. Everyone was so helpful and I'd recommend this hotel to everyone. Shari...Indpls  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It! I stayed at this hotel with my big sister  my brother a couple of years ago  absolutly loved it!! i still have the excellent experience clearly in my mind. to start of with the tour bus stops right outside the hotel. would definatly recommend this as you can see all the sights in new york in a day!! the hotel is band next door to the MTV building  saw many celebrities coming out of the building after they finished TRL. As it is in times square there are many restuarants right next to the hotel. Was excellent!! the elevators was an brilliant experience.. as new york is known for tall buildings.. the revolving resturant located at the top of the hotel was brilliant... can see the whole of new york in an hour in the restuarant. Would definatly recommend this hotel as it is convient and realiable for all types of tourists!!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dsnrln
<Content>Wonderful hotel We just got back from four days at this Mariott property. We liked it very much. You couldn't find a better location. We were on the 39th floor and had a wonderful view. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The elevators were great. I wish all large hotels had this system. The room was spacious enough and very clean. I did have a problem at check in and then, after three days I got a call from the front desk stating they needed a credit card to insure payment of incidentals. I had already given them my credit card when I checked in so I had to go to the desk and stand in line again because apparently the girl who checked me in didn't do it correctly. We only have two complaints. #1 The towels are quite rough. #2 We ate at the buffet and the food altough pricy, wasn't much better than at low priced chain buffets. Also the women carving the prime rib bordered on being rude. We'd never eat the buffet again. We enjoyed our stay and will stay there again next time we visit New York.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Where is the superb service? The location of the hotel is great. But it seems to need a lesson in customer service. A friend was coming to see me while I was staying there and I got a call to my room from the elevator!! She was frantically telling me that she was stuck in the elevator with a ton of other people and that they were running out of air, it was very, very hot in there and they haven't had any word from anyone since they originally responded 15 minutes before!! I called the Operator who got help to them and they were soon rescued. The part that was so bad was that the hotel should have stayed on the speaker with them and assured them things were OK. My friend was terribly unnerved from the experience. I was in a panic every time I had to take the elevator from then on. Also, on the hotel's TV station there was an ad about their At Your Service service. I don't believe they have told the employees about it though. I needed help and told them about the ad and they acted like they had never heard of such a thing. I finally was able to get the help I needed but it was not easy nor pleasant. I intend to write Marriott about my experience there but just haven't had a chance to yet.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Traveler_VA
<Content>Terrific hotel! We had a great three night stay at the Marriot Marquis. Unlike the horror stories we've heard about New York hotel rooms, we got a room with two double beds and were able to fit two adults and two teenagers (shh - the limit is three people!) without a problem. The room was very clean, bright, and comfortable, as was the entire hotel. This hotel claims to always be very full, because of its location and because it's a big conference hotel. However, we checked in late in the day, and they were able to get us into a room overlooking Times Square - definitely a big bonus for our trip. The location of this hotel can't be beat - right in the heart of Times Square, within easy walking distance of subway, big sights, and of course Broadway shows. We thought the incredibly tall atrium was wonderful and, even though we were on the 32nd floor, never had a problem with elevators. They seemed really high-tech, and were very fast. Based on other TripAdvisor reviews, we had built extra time into our schedule for elevator waits, which was absolutely unneeded. Maybe they Marriot fixed whatever problem previously existed.Would recommend this hotel for all reasons except the price - there are definitely hotels of this quality (although maybe not this location) for better prices. We actually ended up booking directly through the Marriot reservation number - with a AAA discount, the price was better than we found on all the discount web sites.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Travelmore
<Content>Location Location, location, location.... The Marriot Marquett located on Broadway and 45th Avenue, overlooking Time Square was just perfect for an inexperienced New Yorker. We were thrilled with the central location and that the hotel welcomed us to an early check-in upon arrival. Our room was on the 20th floor, I believe the hotel has 48. The room was spacious with lovely decor...blues and yellows. The view of Time Square was spectacular. The service was top rated. The elevator system was tricky. It was located centrally in the hotel. Key pads allowed you to enter the floor number and then directed you to the correct elevator. It was amusing to watch people enter their floor number and then scramble to find the correct elevator. Of note, the elevator system was not always efficient. I took the stairs,down 20 flights, on more than one occasion. We dined at the View Restaurant. The Prix Fixe, New American Cuisine ran $64.95. The service was poor and the food was just fair .The view, however, was spectacular. The restaurant rotates 360 degrees, allowing for panoramic viewing of Time Square. The highlight of the trip was that 1/2 price ticket sales for Broadway shows had relocated to the 46th St. entrance of the hotel. We were able to purchase same day tickets for 50% off. It was very convenient . We saw two shows, The Color Purple and The Odd Couple, both for 50% off.. and the seats were very good! The fitness Center, located on the 23rd floor was very nice. It had a number of treadmills, eliptical trainers, exercise bikes, steppers, free weights and assisted weight machines. Water, towels and head sets were available. The fitness center was open 24 hours/day. Downside was that there was no pool, sauna, whirlpools or steam baths. The hotel does not have a spa. If a massage is desired, it must be arranged and done in the privacy of your hotel room.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hard_Woman
<Content>What a view! Only stayed for 1 night but really enjoyed it. Great views and big clean room. Doesn't have the charm of some of the smaller hotels in New York but great if you want to be in the heart of Times Square.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Concludedfuture
<Content>Great Central Hotel We stayed here over the May Bank Holiday weekend for 3 nights/4 days...The Hotel was great, right in the centre of Times Square. This was our third trip to NYC.Rooms: We upgraded to a Times Square View Room and well worth the extra 拢39 pounds for the duration of our stay. We were given a double queen sized room and the beds are the best feature of the room...they were so comfortable that some mornings it was hard to get out of!! If you want a great room with a view then this was it. Bathroom towels need to be updated as they were well worn and hard, but lovely free toiletries. The room also had a coffee machine, Iron, Ironing Board, Safe, TV, desk, chairs etc.Hotel: Excellent Hotel right in the heart of New York City, within walking distance of everything. The reception being on the 8th floor was a bit weird, but no problems finding your way up there, just remember to press the floor number before you get in the assigned lift (which we found was no problem, sometimes there was a little wait). We did not eat or drink in the hotel, but plenty if you wanted to. The only suggestion was the access for paying guests at the hotel to 鈥淭he View鈥?as you have to wait in line with everyone else, even if you were staying there!! A better suggestion is to have a guest lift, accessed by your room card to 鈥淭he View鈥? We did go up there only to turn around and come back down 2 mins later, due to the number of people in the queues waiting to go there and come back and we were then told that we would have to pay $14 just to have a seat for a drink!! This should not be classed as a feature of the hotel. The other bars we found closed most of the time, don鈥檛 know if this was due to the Bank Holiday weekend?All in all it was a great weekend and we may even come and stay on our next trip in November.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic       View from Room 3434  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! The rooms were nice and we were fortunate enough to have a perfect view of Time Square. The bed was a bit too comfortable and made for late starts in the morning. I really can not say a single negative thing about the room It was large by New York standards, well furnished, had a nice sized safe, coffee maker in the room (silly but important to me), and they keep it clean. The location is perfect. You are right on Time Square, and Time Square station is just across the street. You are right in the middle of Manhattan Island so its just minutes on the subway to everything. We didn't eat at the hotel, but the restaurants looked very nice. We ate a couple times on restaurant row which is just two blocks over on 46th st and at Carnegie's Deli which is just a couple block up. The hotel is on Broadway in the theater district which is handy if you want to catch a play, but the lines for the theaters reach the hotel. We didn't have a problem but it did get crowded around show times. They sell discount tickets at the hotel. The elevators throw you off the first time you use them but they actually are easy once you figure them out. The staff was extremely helpful. The 8th floor check in was a little different, but there were people on the first floor to direct us where to go. I highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rikfair
<Content>Fantastic hotel We have just got back from NYC and this hotel is perfect for a short break. It has a fantastic location right in the centre of times square which is great as empire state, rockerfeller, fifth avenue and macy's are all in walking distance. We had no problems with the elevators, the longest wait being about 5 minutes. There are two starbucks in the hotel which open extremely early and are fantastic for that early morning thirst!We ate in the revolving view restaurant which was okay - the food was good but extremely fussy and there was only a limited choice on the pre-theatre menu. It was a good experience but unless you are celebrating something special it isn't worth the $65 price tag for 2 courses (that's without drinks!) The bar menu on the 8th floor is much better (the potato skins are fab!) and you still get a good view of times square.The rooms are large and the beds are extremely comfortable. We had a standard room and our friends had a corner room which was supposed to be larger but we couldn't really see much difference. We were on the 25th floor and didn't hear any noise at all from the street. Our friends on the 14th floor also said their room was generally quiet but the whistles of the concierge calling taxi's started early and could be heard in their room.If you want to do any of the themed tours such as the sex and the city tour, movie loaction tour or the soprano's tour then book before you go as both were full for our entire 5 day trip. The hotel does have a small office on the 8th floor that will book trips but they only accept cash, travellers cheques or american express - no other credit cards.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lettergirl40
<Content>room with a great view Hotel was very nice. Elevators were strange but easy to work and get around. Our room was very clean and the view of TImes Square was amazing especially at night. Location is great. We were able to walk to the theaters and all the main site seeing attractions. We visited the View Lounge after a long day, the drinks were excellent and the view amazing. Would definetly stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mfrumkin
<Content>Better Than Avg., But That's About It The pros: The room was a nice size with a fabulous view of Time Square. The valet and bellman staff were excellent. The elevators are well above average if you can follow directions. Outstanding location.The cons: The bathroom was small and unexceptional for this class of hotel. The front desk could not find my reservation and I had to get a manager involved. The concierage was pretty clueless and the food was fairly mediocre.I use Marriott points so I would stay here again if I was paying for it. But I would look elsewhere if the $$ was coming out of my own pocket.  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel This hotel was superb, it is rated as a 5 star and although the rooms were massive and well furnished, they didnt have as much wow factor as the hotel itself. I read the reviews that said the lifts were a problem and took ages, but we were on the 24th floor and never had any problems. We even ate in the view on the 47th floor and we hadno problems. Just a note to say that we thought the View restaurant was absolutely out of this world  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kgrucki
<Content>Elevator Service Much Improved!! Just stayed at the Marriott Marquis again and the elevator service is much improved. The elevators are beautiful and the long waits are over. It used to be a nightmare but they have completed a major renovation of the elevators and everything is much better. You can't beat this hotel for location right in Times Square. Everything is within walking distance!  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Stuart123
<Content>Don't worry about the lifts! Just had to say that my wife and I spent a very pleasant few days at the Marquis following a transatlantic voyage on the QM2. It had a lot to live up to after such fine service on the ship and we certainly have no complaints. The lifts were no problem if you simply followed the instructions for using them! The hotel was very busy with conference attendees as well as holiday makers and I don't believe we had to wait for more than a minute or so even at the busiest of times. I would suggest that guests that kept pressing for several floors either side of their requirements in order to then use emergency stairs were probaby responsible for many of the delays suggested by prior reviewers, or perhaps we were just lucky with an above average IQ guest roll? We had a great time in NYC and would be happy to book into the Marquis Times Square for a future visit.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, location......... Once we figured it out, the elevators were no problem. No lines, no big waiting times. Our room was excellent, clean, quiet with a view of Times Square. Valet and check in were handled well with plenty of staff on hand to direct everyone. The location is also excellent. What more could you want?  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay! My husband and I stayed a night here and loved it. It's in a great location. The theatre, shops, etc. are all in walking distance. We also ate at THE VIEW (the restaurant that rotates) which is in the hotel and thought the food was very good.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>P.C.H.B.
<Content>Great Hotel and Location We just returned from our 5 night stay at the Marriott Marquis Hotel. We had a great time. I was worried about the elevator situation after reading about other reviews but we had no problems at all. You just have to punch in your floor and go in the designated elevator. I think people who have problems are the ones that just get on any elevator without punching their floor number BEFORE they enter the elevator. The location of the hotel is perfect. It is walking distance to the theater, central park, subway and so much more. The last time we were in Manhattan we stayed across from Central Park but found Times Square location more convenient to everything. The rooms were good size and the bed was very comfortable. We would definitely stay at the Marriott Marquis again.  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Bubbachumps
<Content>Comfortable but money grabbing We have just returned from a four day stay in this Marriott. The room had a great view over Times Square but was amazingly quiet. The bed was super comfortable too. We had no trouble with the lifts - max wait was about 5 minutes on one occasion but usually it arrived within seconds. The location was great - we walked everywhere. And on nights when we wanted to stay local it was just a short stroll to 9th Avenue with its ethnic restaurants and great bars. Our only criticism of this hotel would be that it seemed to be targeted more towards business travellers and they seemed keen to take extra money from you for the smallest things. For instance there is a coffee maker in the room with coffee and tea supplied. However there were no little milk cartons - when I asked for some I was told that they could supply a mini fridge for $25 per day!! I only wanted some milk, and for a 4 star hotel it wasn't too much to ask surely!! The safe in our room was broken as well and we asked twice for it to be mended but this never happened meaning that we were unable to leave our passports and currency safely in the room. Internet access was also chargeable which seemed ludicrous when you are paying this much for a room.On the whole we enjoyed our stay but I think next time we would stay somewhere else.  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>travellingfamilySF
<Content>Great Hotel to stay We went to New York with 2 other couples for an adult only trip and the Marriott did not disappoint. We had a good size room with a comfortable bed and great comforters. Just like the Westin which has always been one of our favorite hotels because of their beds and comforters. The bathroom was good size and we had a great view of time square. The front desk was very friendly and accomodating. The one main drawbacks to this hotel is the elevator system which was somewhat annoying. The way you can get to the upper floors is by hitting a keypad system entering your floor number and then wait by the elevator that the system tells you to stand by. It has no way of knowing how many people are actually getting on the elevator so a few times we had to wait and punch the system again because the elevator was full.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Traveling sweetie
<Content>Loved the Marriott Marquis We stayed at the Marriott Marquis for 5 nights at the end of April. The hotel was wonderful. The room was large and very clean, the staff was very helpful and we did not have any problems with the elevators. The hotel is in a great location close to the TKTS booth, the theater and the subway, so getting around was very easy. Would stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tsny2006
<Content>We Love the Hotel  We have just arrived back from New York and stayed in the Marriott Marquis for five nights, we could not have stayed at a better hotel could not fault the place, large rooms with everything thats needed, staff could not be faulted helpful and friendly with a greeting every day, the roof top lounge (The View) had a eat as much as you like buffett which was fabulous. We had a view of the city which stretched for miles for free while we ate. We found the shop on the ground floor was cheaper than the shops on times square, we were a bit concerned about the elevators when we got there because we had heard so much about how bad they were but to be honest we didn't really experience a long wait at any time. The beds in the hotel were the most comfortable I've ever slept in as I have said before I could not fault the place, would stay there again on next trip to New York hopefully soon. Well done Marriott !!!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>quik
<Content>Loved the Marriott Marquis in Times Square!!! Our family of 5 stayed at the Marquis for 7 nights the week of Easter. We have nothing but good things to say about our stay. We had a corner room on the 19th floor that overlooked Times Square. We also had access to the concierge lounge. Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful, especially the employees in the Concierge Lounge. Our corner room was very large and had a king bed, a fold out sofa and a rollaway and still plenty of room in the middle for the kids to play cards. The beds were so comfortable we are thinking of buying one. The elevators were absolutely no problem for us even though it was a busy week. In the lobby there were often employees walking around to help people who needed it. We never waited more than 5 minutes in the 8 days we were there, including the two evenings we went to the theater. We had read about elevator problems but did not experience any problems during our stay. The hotel has some incredible views from The View restaurant on top and the View Lounge on the 8th floor. The location was also wonderful. It was 3 short blocks to the Subway, close to Broadway shows, and an easy walk to many attractions. We would definitely stay there again! We loved it!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing excuses those elevators I'm amazed how some people are so forgiving and understanding about the elevator issue. I witnessed everything from raw anger to a party atmosphere from those more amused about their lengthy waits. Many people repeatedly punched in numbers for floors within four or five of their own and then used one of the four emergency stairs to reach the floor they really wanted. This technique doesn't work easily on the way down from upper floors. Some had managed to use the 'locked' service lifts. Guests had to use mobile phones to monitor the whereabouts of their family and friends as they travelled the elevators. Conference delegates were especially stressed as they were increasingly late for their sessions, especially after breakfast. I heard from corporate visitors having continually complained to the hotel, but to no avail. Despite these very obvious problems the hotel has errectd a large boastful sign in the elevator lobby proclaiming how efficient and technically advanced the elevators now are following recent improvements. It is Marriotts self-denial about it's ongoing elevator problems which has prompted me to post this review. The rest of the place is fine and more or less as it should be, but there are choices of other nearby hotels with good views and comfortable beds. Marriott should not be so complacent. Customers have choices-and I've made mine, at least until I read on Trip Advisor that this elevator issue has been properly resolved.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nyckid99
<Content>Nice rooms, slow elevators       view of times square (and we didnt have to pay extra! haha)  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Towering Absurdity First, the nearly impenetrable crowds of Times Square tourists make entrance to this hotel an exhausting challenge. (If you were always hoping to see Times Square, you should know that it has become little more than a gigantic outdoor mall - a Sunglass Hut here, Gap across the street, Olive Garden down on the corner). But you've got the energy and the nerve (hey, this is NY!), and you've made it inside! You wait with a dozen other guests (now 15, now 21) for the elevators to your room, or to the check-in desk which is on the eighth floor. The wait is as much as 15 minutes, since the computer system that controls the elevators tends to crash when it gets busy. And it's ALWAYS busy here - there were three conferences going on simultaneously when we were here, and that was less than usual. You're grateful when John shows up in his red double-breasted jacket to excort the now highly impatient crowd to the freight elevators - past the stacked chairs and dusty cases of hotel water bottles. John's nice enough (everyone's nice enough here), and he says simply that this is what happens here when it's busy. That's what the waitress said when she tried to deliver our breakfast 35 minutes late. But don't worry, they'll comp it when it's late. They're used to it. Things here are ALWAYS late. Now you're ready to check out. You stand on the 33rd or 41st floor for 10 minutes, 15 minutes, as the crowd grows, bags in tow, waiting for an elevator to stop at your floor. Slowly the awkward banter goes silent, the humor is gone, and someone goes to call from the nearby emergency phone. They'll send someone soon. They're VERY nice - they're used to it here. The crowd grows. On a floor above, the alarm rings. Uh oh. Someone's having a worse time than you. But at last an elevator stops at the floor, ten of the more ambitious of you squeeze on (hope that alarm doesn't have to ring), and soon you're downstairs, thankful to have made it out alive. Wait on the 50 person line for a cab? No thanks, we'll just walk up to Eighth Ave and hail one ourselves. But the room was nice. Good Luck.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible elevators This may seem petty, but I could not stay at this hotel again due to their new aged elevator system. I never waited less than a full 5 minutes for an elevator - most times more like 20 minutes (I am not exaggerating). It gets crazy when you have to start budgeting an hour into your planning just to get to and from your room. The city has too much to do to wait around for elevators - until this great new technology is trashed, stay away!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WendyJ
<Content>The Mariott can handle a crowd We stayed here for one night and we were quite pleased . The hotel was booked solid but it's such a big hotel, it never felt crowded. We received a complimentary upgrade to a room with a better view on the 32nd floor and it was very quiet and spacious. Had a light lunch at the Katen Sushi Bar and it was reasonable. We had 5:30 reservations at the View restaurant but decided to eat in the View lounge instead (27.95 pp for the buffet). The deserts were good but the dinner items were just ok. And of course the view of NY was fantastic. My daughter was hungry at the end of the evening and ordered room service. Although I was hesitant to pay $10 for the double hotdog item listed, it did come with a hefty order of steak fries and arrived within 30 minutes. Service throughout the hotel was great. Elevators were not a problem, the longest wait was 10-12 minutes when we left The View lounge to go to an 8 pm show, and again when we came in from the show around 11pm. Only complaint is, we wanted to make a quick bathroom stop as we left for the show, and decided to use the bathrooms on the 3rd floor (where the Marquis is) on our way out. The line was so long and we were surprised that there were not more bathrooms. Check out was super quick. All in all, we would stay here again, great location!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel This is an excellent hotel, an absolute must for first timers in NYC. I stayed there recently for a week long conference and extended my stay to ten days.The staff were amazing: friendly, efficient, hard-working!I had the breakfast buffet in the Encore Restaurant every morning.The only fault I would find with the hotel would be the Lift situation. Pre and Post Conference was fine. The lifts were not in demand. However, add 3000 people to the mix and you end up using either the staff stairs or the fire stairs to get from your room floor to the conference floors. That's fine if you're staying on floor 10 as I was but imagine if you were on floor 40?Also, the staff recommended that we use the escalators to get from the Conference floors to the ground floors during the conference. This is fine too but perhaps the Hotel should review the lift situation.However, I would still stay there again. The room was massive, over-looking Time Square. Oh, and the beds are amazing. So comfortable it should illegal.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Here's the scoop on the elevators... Like most of you, I was kind of concerned about the elevator situation, but wanted to be unbiased. Our family of 4 has travelled all over the world and stayed in 2 star to 5 star hotels. We stayed at Marriott Marquis during Spring Break week so maybe more crowded than usual, though I can't imagine there is every any down time in NYC in the middle of Times Square. The way the elevators work is you walk over to the keypad and press in the floor you wish to go to. After a few seconds, it beeps and a letter appears designating which elevator you should wait for. When it arrives you get in and the elevator stops at all floors which the computer programming has designated your elevator to stop at. In theory, it should be the msot efficient way to handle loads of people going to many different floors. The problem is that I don't think the engineers took into account human nature and how we react when we are waiting for something to happen. First of all, there are no numbers which light up so that you can see which floor your elevator is on. So you may be standing there for only 5 minutes, but it seems a lot longer because you feel helpless with no way to track how long it's going to be before the elevator gets to you, and sometimes you feel like the elevator may have skipped you. I watched a lot of people get frustrated which in turn led to repetitively reeentering their floor number on the keypad. Who knows what that does to the computer programming. Also, if you get disgusted and get on whichever elevator comes next, there are no buttons in the elevator and you are stuck with whichever floor that elevator is programmed to go to. Finally, I think that this hotel just doesn't have enough elevators. We had times when the elevator came quickly and were relatively empty-this only happened during what I would call the non-rush hour times. But during rush hour (like 7:30 to 8:30AM or during the lunch hour or at the end of the day)you could wait for 30 minutes and not get an elevator (happened to my husband). So you end up having to factor in elevator wait time into your travel calculations. As a final example, my daughter and I got back from shopping at 7:15PM and wanted to drop off bags and change before an 8:00 Broadway show which was just 1 block over. 45 minutes seems like a reasonable amount of time to get that done. My husband called me on my cell phone and told me not to come upstairs and just meet him in the lobby or we would never get back down in time for the show and he was right. Sorry for the longwinded review. The Marriott Marquis has a great location with really comfortable and generous sized rooms (especially for NYC), but you just need to be prepared for the elevators!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>norrieArdrossan
<Content>Right in the heart of Times Square!       Room view of Times Square  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Cleeclub
<Content>Great Stay After our recent 2 night stay at the Marriott Marquis, it seemend to us that the elevator problem has been fixed. This is our 3rd stay at this property in the last couple of years and we experienced absolutely no long delays waiting for the elevators. We had a nice room on the 32nd floor overlooking Times Square and it was well appointed and quiet. The bathroom was a good size and the 2 double beds were quite comfortable. All the staff that we encountered was very pleasant and helpful. Breakfast at the Encore Rest was good and efficient. Location is right in the middle of everything with all the activity of the masses outside the hotel. We beat the $50 daily parking fee by going online to [--] and using a parking lot a couple of blocks away. Left our car there for a couple of days since we didn't need it in the city and saved more than 1/2 of what the hotel charges. We booked the online AAA rate and felt that we got a good deal. No complaints about the Marquis.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bulldog26
<Content>Whats not to love       the famous lifts we could'nt fault them  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>pc1029
<Content>Wonderful New York Trip! Spent 2 nights, 3 days at Marriott Marquis in New York and had a wonderful trip! We were there from March 25-27 for a girlfriend's birthday. I read over 50 reviews of this hotel and it seemed over half gave a terrible rating about the elevators. We had no problems, but I could see where it might be a lot slower with prime times. We plan to stay there again on our next annual NY trip. We even had 4 women in one room and didn't feel too cramped! The beds were extremely comfortable. The fitness room was excellent and we also enjoyed dinner in The View restaurant. The breakfast bar was excellent as well.Concierge was very helpful. We arrived in the hotel around 9:00am on Sat.morning and we were given early check-in immediately!(I did call  request it, but it was not guaranteed) The location just can't be beat.Walking distance to theaters, restaurants, shopping, tours,etc. Very convenient. All the staff seemed extra friendly and helpful! Great Hotel!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wembley91
<Content>Excellent We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and found it excellent value for money. As mentioned in previous posts the beds were very comfortable and the rooms were an excellent size for a New York hotel. Staff were very helpful and The View bar was an excellent 鈥榚xtra鈥?to the hotel if a little pricey ($80 for 4 cocktails). The location is right on Times Square so if you want to be in the centre of things this is a good choice. We had a couple of incidents with the lifts including having to use the service lift on one occassion but why let it bother you, it certainly didn鈥檛 ruin our enjoyment. All in all I would thoroughly recomend the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ELLESSurrey
<Content>Below average for a supposedly 4 star hotel I have just returned from new york, this weekend, (march 22 2006) staying at the marriott marquis, and i have to say that for a 4 star hotel, the standard of the hotel was poor in some areas, the check in, was quick, however no details of amenities and left to find our own way around the hotel, with no guide, the rooms were very basic, 2 small double beds, for 3 people sharing!! with dirty bed linen, the maids coming in late to clean our room, no bed linen changed, towels that could of been used as face flannels, they were that small, when room service was used for breakfast one morning, we received 'tea', with no tea bags, toast that was soggy, and had the please of paying $22 dollars per person for the privelage. The elevators were a nightmare, especially at peak times, taking half an hour, if at all to meet us, we actually had to use the service lift to get to our floor one day... the consierge was helpful, however when going back to check if our reservations had been made in recommended restaurants, another not very helpful perosn looked at us as if we had 20 heads as if we were mad for asking such a request...the website for this hotel is very impresive, however did not live up to our expectations, hidden extras, i.e. when visiting 'the view', revolving restaurant over looking times square was a charge for the buffet meal, hoever at peak times extra was added to the bill...not advised, no music in the rooms, unless we paid for it...no biscuits with your tea/coffee facilities in the room, expectaions of a two star hotel let alone a 4 star!!! however the guest services outside in the car pick up area was very good...the hotel was not awful, however never met our expectations...and left us rather flat because of it... great location but would not recommend.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ms_Dragon
<Content>The Marquis has it all!       View from Room 3912  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dmzmd1
<Content>Great location Stayed at the Marriott Marquis March 23-25. The location in the middle of Times Square gives access to everything in Manhattan. If you're not into crowds its not the place for you. I didn't meet anyone from the hotel staff that wasn't friendly or helpful. The elevator situation is what it is...during peak times its slow but not unmanageable. Our room was on the 41st floor and sometimes the trip up or down was smooth and quick but other times it was slow and stopped on many floors. There could be better signs explaining how the system works. I was on the elevators numerous times where other guests were confused. Luckily many of us took the time to help those who needed an explanation. On Fridays they post a staff member in the lobby (8th floor) and the ground floor to help out and direct traffic. My room was spacious for NYC as well as clean with comfy beds. Overall the stay was great and we would surely stay there again. For those who didn't think the view from the View revolving restaurant was worth it...it was but the view from the lounge on the 8th floor overlooking Times Square was great too.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rcr86
<Content>What a view! I stayed at this hotel for one night in July 05 and got exactly what I expected. First class service, accommodations, and scenery. We got a room on I think the 20th floor and we overlooked Times Square. Some friends we were with stayed in a room on the 40th floor so they could see further but were not facing the action. The hotel was impressive because it is open in the center (similar to an Embassy Suites) for most of the way up. This gives guests a dizzying view down to the lobby from almost all floors. The elevators were glass and the fastest I have ever been in so that was fun too. Hotel architecture aside, this Marriott came with all the features one comes to expect. PLUS: The hotel staff held our bags after checkout until we were ready to leave the city.MINUS: The concierge/ticket desk did not offer any deals or much guidance in the way of Broadway shows to guests. We were better off booking outside of the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>carrolld
<Content>Fantastic hotel!! Just returned this week from the Marriott Marquis.This is a fantastic hotel right in the heart of Times Square - central to everything.I went with my two sons and our room was on the 35th floor with tremendous views.The room was fairly large, beds comfortable, bathroom kept nice and clean everyday.We didn't encounter any problems with the lifts despite the hotel being full.I could recommend this hotel to anyone and would definitely stay there again if I go back to New York.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jkf247
<Content>enjoyed the marriott marquis Stayed March 15-19 (St. Patrick's day weekend) and really enjoyed this hotel. The revolving View bar on the top of the hotel is a must do (cover charge is complimentary if you are a hotel guest). The elevators are very efficient - I had no problems with them. You select a floor number on a keypad in the elevator lobby, rather than pushing up or down, and once you get on you are on your way. The closest subway station is three blocks away, so this could be better. The staff was very courteous and helpful. As mentioned in prior posts, the beds are very comfortable. I would recommend this hotel to anyone, especially first timers to NYC.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ELAINECP
<Content>Just Pure Fab! possibly the best hotel that i have ever stayed in.My husband and i stayed for our wedding night. we had just been married at belvedere castle. every year we walked by this hotel and promised we would stay there. it was totally worth the wait. i stayed in 40th floor. the view was so unbelievable during the day and night. we had all the family up to see it cause it was so good. the room itself is beautiful, lovely big bed and just everything i imagined. the lifts alone are inpressive, totally fast.if you ever go to new york you have to stay there even if its for one night. its right in the heart of the action you cuoldnt ask for a more perfect location  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bcsTampa
<Content>Nice Hotel With No Elevator Problems What a nice hotel. We stayed three nights and found the hotel to in a great location. The employees of the hotel were very helpful and professional. The rooms were larger than other hotels we have stayed at in New York. The beds were very comfortable.Great view of Times Square from the 8th floor lounge. Nice to watch the activities from this location. Be sure to go to the View and have dinner or drinks. Nice view of the city.We experienced no problems with the elevators. There are always individuals that are going to complain and be impatient. Our longest wait was about 5 minutes and that was due to the number of individuals returning from Broadway plays.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>GSGT
<Content>Great Hotel with a Perfect Location!! This hotel is wonderful! Our family (with teenagers) just spent 5 days at the Marquis. The remodeled over-sized rooms were very nice and the views of Times Square were amazing. The beds were very comfortable. The employees of the hotel were professional and very helpful. Our experience with the elevators were not bad at all. Yes, there were a few impatient people who complained about the elevators. The reality is with 1886 rooms, it takes a while to move all the people. We had some great conversations with other guests while waiting for the elevator and it never took more than five minutes to get one.The location is the best in Times Square. We walked to Central Park, Fifth Avenue, Madison Avenue, Rockefeller Center, down to 34th Street and all around Broadway. The exceptional location was very important to our family. NYC rocks! It was our best vacation to date!!!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The beds are amazing! My stay at the Marriott was incredible, I got my room at an Advanced Purchase Price (very cheap for Marriott standards) and I still got an amazing room on the 23rd floor, same floor as the gym which is VERY well equipped. My room had the most fantastic view of Times Square, a refrigerator and the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. Believe me you will agree. Go kingsize, you can wake up diagonal and still be on the bed!The lobby is something else, very different to be on the 8th floor. Try the sushi at the japanese restaurant, you wont regret it, deeelicious. I ate there almost every second night. The elevators are VERY efficient, but its like playing scrabble, choose a floor and you get told a letter elevator to go to (A,B,C etc). The staff are polite and friendly. My only complaint (if you could call it that) would be some of the prices of room service or public internet access on the 8th floor, wheeew. $5 for a glass of juice with breakfast. AND $16.50 for 30 mins internet access. I guess this is a posh hotel which calls for posh prices. I have been to New York 8 times, and at last I have finally found a hotel I have felt comfortable enough in to return to. Fantastic.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the hotel, NY and location really good The hotel was really good. from the View bar at the top to the Starbucks at the bottom. Loads to do, just a shame that we were so busy out and about to use the full facilities. Our room looked right over Times Square. The lifts were fine, with a hotel having over 45 floors you can not expect the instant arrival of a lift. We only waited for a max of 2 minutes, so not a problem. New York was everything we wanted. We went to Tavern on the Green for a meal in Central Park and ice skated at the Rocker fella centre. We ate out at lots of different types of places. All good. The 3 hour boat trip around Manhanttan is good value and relaxing plus you see loads of the buildings etc. and get a feel for the place, Walking over the Brooklyn Bridge is an experience too.Will be going back to New York and the Marquis..  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>The_Coach55
<Content>Nice Hotel, Shame about the Elevators I stayed at the hotel over the weekend 17-19 February.The rate I received was not the best but I'm sure it could have been bettered by booking in advance via Expedia/Travelocity etc.It is very well located in the heart of Times Square, and the rooms are comfortable and quite spacious.However, the hotel suffers due to its size, both in numbers of rooms and sheer height. The reception is actually on the 8th floor, which requires either an elevator journey (if you can bear the wait) or a longer trek by escalators. Although I was fortunate enough not to experience any major waits for the elevators, others were not so lucky, with 20-30 minute delays appearing to be quite common, meaning you needed to allow extra time at peak periods such breakfast and dinner times. I'm not sure what the hotel can do to rectify the situation, but perhaps if the elevators were more functional and had greater capacity than the glass-backed ones they have at present, the situation might be alleviated.All in all, not a bad hotel, but I'd probably seek out somewhere else if I stayed in NYC again.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed in this hotel at the end of February for 3 Nights (Friday- Monday). On arrival our rooms were ready, spotlessly clean and our requests for a Times Square View met. On previous visits to NYC we have stayed at the Pensylvannia (Stay away, This hotel is awful and should be demolished!!) the Crowne Plaza Times Square and Millenium Broadway both of the latter are good central hotels which I would recommend to anybody but they just did not have the wow factor. However at the Marriott Marquis when you arrive on the 8th Floor to check in you get to see what this hotel is all about, with its 40 storey atrium and Lounge/Bar overlooking Times Square, it instictively seems like a good choice of hotel.The rooms are spacious, spotlessly clean, have great views of the City and the beds were delightfuly soft and comfy.I have read various reports on the lifts and despite staying over a weekend when various conferences and shows were taking place, we never encountered any major problems (our maximum wait was about 5 minutes), which in a hotel of this size is not really worth mentioning.All in all this is a great hotel in a great location and I would recommend anybody to pay a little bit extra and stay here, you will have a great time!!!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fortune
<Content>Fabulous I stayed here for 4 nights with my fiance + we thoroughly enjoyed our stay here. The staff were very friendly + professional, the room was spotlessly clean + it was nice + big! The bed was one of the comfiest beds I've ever slept in!The room is very well double glazed - it's hard to believe that Times Square is just outside the window when it's so quiet inside! We didn't have any meals at the hotel but the rom service menu looked appetizing + it wasn't too expensive. We had no problems with the lifts - we didn't have to wait too long - to be honest though, I wouldn't let a lift ruin my holiday!!!I would have no hesitation at all in staying here again + I would highly recommend it. Enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Goldenoak
<Content>Location Is NOT Everything!!! We just completed a 6 night stay at the Marriott Marquis, February 23 through March 1, 2006. The location, in the heart of Times Square, is quite nice. However, this hotel is huge, which is not a problem as the real problem is not being staffed to handle all of their traffic. We read the reviews here before staying there and we were warned about problems with the elevators, they were 100% correct. This is a huge problem. We waited as long as 20 minutes for an elevator and our average wait time was between 5-10 minutes. The problem seems to be outside traffic coming into the hotel and the elevator system cound not handle the high volume of traffic. The front desk staff at this hotel could use a bit of customer service training but again, a lot of the problem seems to be with the amount of guests they try to handle. We had the Sunday Brunch in The View which is excellent, both the food and the view of NYC. We had room service dinner and this was also quite good. Probably would not stay at this hotel again mainly due to the elevator problems and the staff not being up to par in terms of customer service. Our room was great, wonderful view of Times Square. We've selected the Doubletree suites in Times Square for our next NYC trip.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel I went with my wife and family for a week on the 10 feb 2006 for our silver wedding anniversary. The hotel was excellent,rooms very good,staff very friendly and helpful,especially felix who was on the front desk.Great location to see everything you want to see and do.Lots of places to eat.I would reccomend this hotel to anyone.We were there in time for the snow blizzard,we went to central park to make a snowman because my daughter had never seen such so much snow before.Would tell people this place is worth a visit.Would like to come back sometime.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LittlePinkSequin
<Content>We won't go back We stayed at the Marriott Marquis because a friend recommended it to us, and we were very disappointed. The hotel is nice (I guess), the rooms were clean (all the major requirements were met), but it's very inconvenient, and we would not stay here again.First, the elevators--what a MESS. Several were out of order during our trip, and because of the unique way they arrive (you're assigned to an elevator based on your floor; you cannot just choose any elevator), you get to move whenever YOUR elevator arrives. If you're assigned to M, and every other elevator arrives but M, you wait. Those elevators aren't going to your floor, and there is no panel inside so you can't hop on a different lift and press your floor. If it's not programmed to go there, it won't go there. If you're on the 36th floor, this is a problem. They tell you to schedule an extra 15 minutes just to get out of the hotel!Second, the location is horrible (in my opinion), because we did not enjoy staying in Times Square. Again, what a mess. Times Square is great to visit--then get the hell out. You're not immediately next to a subway entrance, so you have to maneuver through the crowds to find one.Third, the hotel is just way too big. It hosts huge conferences, so it can turn into a zoo quickly.Fourth, yes, our room was clean--maybe too clean. Housekeeping kept using this orange-scented cleaner that was so strong, we couldn't breath. Even after we asked them not to use it or just don't clean our room everyday--we're not sloppy, we don't mind--they still orange-ized our room. Minor complaint, but after everything else, we found it very annoying.The nice thing about this hotel (yes, there is one) is the View bar. We loved it. Definitely check it out. But you don't need to be a guest to go, so stay somewhere else and just pay the cover.Will you hate this place? Probably not. But you can do better.Previous to this, we stayed at the Park Central across from Carnegie Hall and were much happier. Smaller, convenient, clean, right next to a Subway entrance (you'll appreciate this), no huge masses of people to navigate... And at night, we could hear the horses' hooves from the Central Park buggies--a nice touch.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>yankeefan49
<Content>Great Weekend in NYC I just got back from spending the President's Weekend at the Marquis. The hotel was fabulous. The location can't be beat. Right in the middle of Times Square. The Half-Price Broadway Ticket booth is right across the street so do take advantage of it. Now to the hotel itself. I was early so I just dropped my bag. I came back at 3:30, check in was quick and efficient. I was in my room and my bag delivered to me by 3:45. Room was large and had all the bells  whistles you could ever need. I was overlooking Times Square, I expected it to be a little noisy but is wasn't. I had absolutely no problem with the elevators. (was on floor 21). The restaurants are a little pricey (aren't all hotel restaurants). But the food was good and the staff very nice. Housekeeping was great room was spotless when I checked in and each day. All in all, I had a great time and will be back.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>azcat73
<Content>Elevators Not Fixed The elevator problems discussed in earlier posts are certainly NOT fixed. I stayed at the Marquis on the weekend of February 17-20 (30th floor) and frequently had to wait 20-30 minutes for an elevator. Several times the staff had to take us down on the service elevator! Once we even walked down 30 flights of stairs. There was no question it was faster than the elevators.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>jessicak76
<Content>Location Great-elevators Not I guess the elevator situation is hit or miss, because this President's Day weekend it was a MISS--We waited everytime for an elevator--not 5 mins....10 mins, 15 mins, etc. It appears they are still converting all their elevators to the new system, so give it some more time....but beware it is not perfect and if I had stayed as a paying customer, as opposed to free nights as a reward member, I would have be peeved-off.Everything else about this place is great-rooms, views, food, restaurants, etc. Will return in a few months to maybe see another show. We did not have a view of Times Square,but of the city, river and NJ--even better than the gaudy bright lights of the square.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again! We stayed in two adjoining rooms with our teenage daughters over the long Thanksgiving weekend. We were not allowed to check-in until 5:00 pm after arriving in the morning and requesting early check-in when we made the reservation. We had to call room service to have our rooms cleaned twice after coming back to the rooms around 4:00 pm as the maid had not been to the rooms all day. Waits at the elevators were extremely long and we stayed in our rooms as advised by the hotel during and immediately after the parade. The nightclub at the top of the hotel's atrium made sleeping very difficult as its music filled the entire hotel. The concierge was excellent in making dining recommendations and reservations.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Marriott Hospitality I stayed three nights at the Marquis using my Marriott Honored Guest Points, so the price was certainly right! ($0). Nevertheless, I got an excellent room on the 11th floor overlooking Times Square. Immaculately clean, spacious and everything worked! Dinner at the Encore Restaurant was quite good and creatively presented my first night there. A cocktail at the Lobby Bar was well prepared. I ordered a Chicken and Lobster Pot Pie, and after a long wait asked the bartender about it. He had gotten busy and forgotten to put in the order. It was a good thing actually because I was really not that hungry. I cancelled my order, and he comped me my second Martini in compensation, which was very nice. I read every word of Mr. Marriott's book that was in my room and enjoyed it thoroughly. Also enjoyed shopping the well-stocked Gift Shop for gifts for my 5 grandchildren.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cpwhip
<Content>Stayed on Saturday Everyone has written about the location, and they are absolutely correct. The location can't be beat. The rooms are of an abundant size and well kept. But those of you that say there are no problems with the elevators are just dead wrong. Encountered problems Saturday night and Sunday morning. Late getting to our dinner reservations, late getting to brunch at the View and late checking out. Why ? Up to 20 minute waits for an elevator. Saturday night we walked down 20 flights of stairs, just to get to the 8th floor to take the escalators out of the hotel. OK for someone my age, but not for the older couple stranded on the same floor as us.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>luvtolaf62
<Content>Elevators not a problem for us After reading all the reviews on this site, I was a little concerned about the elevator situation. However, the new system seems to work great; the most we had to wait was about 2 minutes and we stayed on a Friday. The hotel is extremely large and no, you're not going to get that intimate feel, but it is very clean and in the best location. You just walk right out of the hotel into the hustle and bustle of Times Square. The room was immaculate. The bed was comfortable and had an abundance of pillows. Try to get up to The View. Although we encountered a not so nice waiter, we just took it in stride because that can happen anywhere. The gym was good and had plenty of equipment. There's a Starbucks on the premises for early morning coffee. I wish we had stayed an extra night but we'll definitely be back.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Miamitraveler40
<Content>Location, Location, Location..... First of all, any complaint's about the elevators are ridiculous-it's a big hotel, in the busiest section of one of the largest cities in the world!! I never waited over 5 minutes. There is simply no better location to feel the vibe of the city. The hotel is huge, and has everything within walking distance that you could want. Our room was very large and well kept, and the comforter was awesome. The only real drawback to the hotel is that it is big, and this will definitely turn off some travelers. But again, if you want to visit the city and get into the heart of the action, there is simply no better place. In fact, I could not ever imagine staying anywhere else. Even if you dont stay do yourself a favor and have a few drinks at the View. Just agreat place in a great city. Do not listen to the negatives-these are from people who just look to complain.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hannahryan
<Content>Not our cup of tea We have stayed in NYC several times...usually at the Marriott Renaissance Times Square. We thought we'd give the Marquis a try. The beds are wonderful and the view of Times Square is fabulous. However, the hotel VERY large and contemporary. It has a very impersonal and cold feeling about it. If you prefer more intimate surroundings with a traditional feel, you may want to choose another hotel. We won't stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>FalmouthTraveler
<Content>Great Hotel; Great Location We stayed for 2 nights at the end of January. This Marriott has recently undergone a major renovation and it showed. The elevator problem mentioned in earlier reviews appears to be fixed; they have a new system in place and I don't think we waited longer than 2 or 3 minutes for an elevator. We arrived at the hotel at 7 am and they actually had a room ready for us and let us check in early. Room was great - over looking Times Square. Great view, no noise, comfortable bed, clean room. Couldn't have asked for anything more. The best part was the proximity to everything (except the best restaurants - those are over by Central Park but it's only a 10-15 minute cab ride). We saw a show at the Russell Theater and it was only 1 block from the hotel! Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>what a superb location we stayed in the marriot just before christmas it is a great hotel in a superb location , we had no problems with the elevators nor any thing else in the hotel, we all enjoyed a superb stay in the marriot and a fab time in new york ,we would return to the marriot no problem. the rotating veiw resturant on top of the hotel is a must,the food is great and the veiws are awesome,  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this Hotel and New York We stayed at the Marriott Marquis New York Times Square for New Year's 2006 for 4 nights. All the staff were super friendly and our room and beds were immaculate. Even during New Year's the elevators were accessible and not much wait. This hotel wants to make your stay in New York a pleasant one and they certainly did ours. Thank you very much for showing us how nice New Yorkers can be.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrific Experience We had a wonderful experience!!! The room was clean and very comfortable. Our view was amazing. The concierge was helpful answering questions about local restaurants...she booked our reservations for us. Our train left late and we were able to safely leave our luggage. The location is within walking distance to everything. We will be back!!!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Skyblueheaven
<Content>A touch of class!! Having stayed on a room only basis over the Christmas period, my wife and I consider this hotel excellent value for money. Considering the amount of people arriving constantly throughout our stay the hotel staff and room service was exceptional. Ignore the reviews critising the lifts they were no problem, we stayed on the 35th floor and never waited any longer than 5 minutes. The beds in the rooms have to be seen to be believed, being 6ft4in i managed to lose my wife on several occasions! Overall a great stay and we will return soon.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice, Convenient location, but....THE ELEVATORS STINK!!!! - STAY AWAY We stayed a Fri and Sat and during the course of the weekend we had to deal with the ridiculously poor elevator system....Friday night the system was so poor we had to take the service elevators up to our room!!! (thank you to the courteous staff)...we decided we could not risk making our reservation at the restaurant at the top of the hotel because we feared not being able to get back down and make our showtime....later Fri night, after waiting again forever for a ride up, we decided to get as far as we could (25th floor) and WALK UP THE REST OF THE WAY to our room (35th floor)!!! Yeah good exercise but not when I'm trying to enjoy a quick weekend getaway in NYC!! Sat afternoon another exercise in futility -- taking what we can get and walking down 1 floor this time, terrible system, does not work, don't stay here if you are looking for a relaxing getwaway and need to make a showtime!!!!!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Zivana
<Content>What a great hotel, but what unpleasant concierges We have been lodging at the Marriott Marquis from January 12th to January 16th. I have been to that hotel a few times in the past and always loved that experience. Now they have changed and for the elevators you have those new key card pads. I can imagine that it may be really disturbing for some poeple, but ones you realize how it works it is great. You only have to push the number of the floor you want to go and to wait for the assigned elevator. I read all those reviews and was afraid we had to wait, but we had not to wait.But, ....The problem at the Marriott Marquis is their concierge service, in the past I always had good experiences with them but this time they were really unfriendly. We wanted to book a limo for a trip through New York, the lady that served me was not really friendly and they offer only one company and really not at the best price. Then we tried using their concierge service a second time the next day (with an other concierge) for a restaurant reservation and this time he was even nastier then the first one.But still we really enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a view to wake up to! We stayed at the Marriott Marquis December 22 - 24 as a last minute alternative to commuting into Manhattan during the transport strike. As first time tourists to New York, it certainly was a great decision! The room was spacious and clean, with a direct view of Times Square. The unusual elevator system was both impressive and efficient. The staff were also particularly pleasant and accomodating. Even the in-hotel Starbucks staff were extra friendly. We slept a family of 4 people in one double room and considering the features of the room, it proved to be quite good value for us. Most importantly perhaps, the location is priceless, particularly if you're planning to visit Broadway shows. There is high-traffic until late at night and we felt very safe walking the vicinity at any time. I would also recommend the revolving restaurant, The View, for a more expensive meal with excellent quality restaurant staff and food.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>johno95
<Content>Up, up, and away!!! Beautiful open lobby, smallish room. Lobby staff was very attentive. Front desk personnel were attractive and polished. Housekeeping came to room quickly when I had a small concern with the coffeemaker or water glass I accidentally broke.Elevators were slow during transition period to new technology.Great location. Some guests enjoyed facing lights and business of Times Square. Others preferred rear view onto more placid (and drab) offices and apartments.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Marquis We stayed at the Marriott Marquis for a week over New Years. We got a nice room overlooking half of Times Square. Our room was very clean! The restaurants were delicious. Everyone was friendly. The hotel is in a perfect location in Manhattan. I would highly recommend staying at this hotel and hope I have a chance to stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>creyente
<Content>Love this hotel! We stayed for two nights and had a fantastic experience. The rooms were immaculate and stylish, the beds and linens to die for and the staff wonderful. The location is great for a tourist - you're right in the middle of Times Square. We had no problems with street noise but we were on the 44th floor. The concierge was extremely helpful and looked up Amtrak times and fares to Philly for us. A lot of people have commented on the elevators, but we never waited even 5 minutes, even on a Friday evening during the theater rush. The View lounge is a must, pricey but go even if just for one cocktail - the view is stunning. Every member of the staff that we encountered was courteous and helpful. Someone was always happy to point you in the right direction or hail a cab for you. The blueberry pancakes were to die for, if pricey, but we had a breakfast voucher. We arrived at 10:30am planning to just check our luggage, but they had a room ready for us. I would stay here again in a heartbeat. Yes it's expensive, but it's Manhattan. You'll spend some money but you will get what you pay for. What a fabulous hotel!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>planetclaire
<Content>Great Hotel in Heart of Times Square       The view from our room on the 15th floor  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Right in Times Square Location, location, location. This hotel is in the VERY MIDDLE of Times Square - we looked out our window at the Coca-Cola sign. The Mariott Marquis was beautiful. The rooms were great, beds were extremely comfortable, everything was very clean. We went to the bar on the 8th floor a couple times to have a drink. It gets a little busy but you will have to wait anywhere in NY so it's not so bad. Had drinks one night up at the View...what a great restaurant, the view is incredible, try to make it up there at least once. The elevators were an issue, we waited at least 10 minutes at least once a day, but mostly if you were in a hurry. It is the very worst between about 4:00 and 8:30 or so, peak hours. If you are on a time schedule make sure to allow plenty of time to get down from your room, to get a cab and for traffic to get anywhere you are going. If you are going out at peak time I suggest walking out and hailing your own cab, don't wait in the cab line. The hotel staff was very nice, housekeeping was always on top of cleaning the rooms, easy to find staff if you had a question.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location I traveled to New York with my 2 teenage daughters for a vacation and shopping. I thought the hotel was wonderful. The room was large, the bed was comfortable and the view breathtaking. The elevators were not an issue and the only times we waited were at peak traffic times, mainly before and after theatre. We only waited more than a couple of minutes on 2 occasions. I found everyone friendly and accomodating. The area was safe and we walked a several block radius after dark. There was not a shortage of cabs and the subway was close by. One morning we walked all the way to Bloomingdales! I would highly recommend this hotel for quality and location. This was my first trip to New York and I hope not my last. We loved it.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>petraberenice20
<Content>New Year in the Marquis!       Day view of Times Square  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hotelier101
<Content>Stayed Dec 28th Stayed here just after Christmas period, lifts for me were not a problem.. there was lots of people waiting in the holding area but you just punch in your floor and it will allocate you a lift, at peak periods the holding areas are maned if you get stuck.Rooms are of decent size and very clean, although my bath was extremely shallow!?View from room was spectacular (times square) and could have not paid for better!One evening headed up to the View..that is pricey but the views WELL make up for it, extremely good panoramic view of new york!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>5	2	4	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jamiexx
<Content>Great Location Great Location in Times Square. Stayed here many times before and the new lift system has just made things worse.After 2 days i was glad i was on my way to another city as the situation was ridiculous at peak hours. Also, we only ever travelled in lifts 'N' or 'C'. Don't even know if the others were working to the high rise floors.Used self-service check-in / checj-out which was brilliant and saved a lot of time standing in line.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>moglie33
<Content>Loved it... definitely staying there again I don't know where to begin. Stayed for 4 nights right before Christmas. Was there with another family and we all had a great experience. The location was superb. Times Square was literally right outside our window. The subway was right around the corner, the cab rides were not expensive to go almost anywhere because it was so centrally located. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The only thing that took time was getting our luggage out of holding from the concierge when we were leaving. But there were lots of people leaving at the same time, so it wasn't from them not trying. The rooms were very clean, and extremely comfortable, and very large for a NYC hotel room. The elevators were very quick. The fitness center was great. The taxi line outside was usually long, so we just hailed our own taxi on the street and had no problems. The staff was always helpful,and friendly. The day we were leaving was the subway strike and the cabs were charging $10 a person to go anywhere. So when we were trying to get to Penn Station 12 blocks away, they were trying to charge us $60 to get there and the bellhop guy at the Marquis was negotiating with the cab drivers and got us one for $25. All the employees were more than willing to help. I have stayed in many NYC hotels in many parts of the city, and many were higher priced than this one, but this is definately the top of our list for where we will stay next year.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Souette
<Content>Great Stay for New Year's Eve! Chose this hotel due to prime location in Times Square for New Years Eve. I made an extra effort to note the elevator service due to previous reviews on this site.I was on the 21st floor and my average wait time for an elevator was 20 seconds...even with numerous guests waiting. The most I waited was 3 minutes. On the elevator touch pad, you enter your floor number and the pad immediately displays which elevator to board ( ex: I, J, K, L, etc). There was either one or two hotel workers standing by the key pad to assist those who were new to the system.Check-in and check-out was less than a 3 minute wait and all workers were courteous  smiling. The hotel was booked solid and quite busy in all area but since the hotel is HUGE, I didn't feel hurried or cramped.Rooms were of average size but the bedding was wonderful. So soft and relaxing. The bathroom was of fair size but the bathtub was a joke. Probably no more than 12-15 inches deep, so a nice soaking bath after sightseeing would be out of the question. There are several chain stores such as Olive Garden, Hard Rock available within 2-3 blocks or you could choose a little hole-in-the-wall pizza joint as well. Several Broadway theaters were within a block or two for a 5 minute walk from the Marquis. You can also walk 5-10 minutes and be out of the hustle of Times Square and visit the family-owned shops  restaurants.The hotel also has a revolving restaurant/bar on top and I recommend that you visit this at night. Amazing views. Be sure to tell your waiter that you are a hotel guest so the $7 cover charge is waived. You can eat from the buffet for $27.95. I did and the food was good. Although it was pricey, the view made it worth it. If your stay is all about location, location, location, I recommend the Marriott Marquis because the service  bedding is an added plus.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>4	2	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Be Young and Fit...       View From 11th Floor - New Years  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Xmas!! i stayed here over christmas and it was fabulous! i was a little aprehensive about it in regards to the lifts, but i thought the lifts were amazing! i didnt have to wait long at all (i was on floor 15) and they had lift porters to make sure everything went smoothly (especially when the women in white was on at the theatre as it became a little busy) to be honest the people who said in other reviews that the lifts ruined there experience of new york must have had a really bad time with them! because i couldnt let a lift ruin my experience of a brilliant city! the hotel is huge, which adds to the excitment of new york itself (which is huge) and superbly decorated for christmas! the room was really big, especially for new york! they werent necessarily the best rooms iv stayed in but very clean and comfortable(for the very small amount of time i was in it!)and the bed was sooo soft, which is perfect after a long day of sightseeing!!! i would definatly return!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>carzoli
<Content>The elevator problem is Not overblown, it is the Worst Some of the previous reviews stated that the elevator problems were due to be fixed in June of this year. Well, we stayed there this week, and believe me, there were nothing BUT problems. The suite we had on the top floor was fantastic, but we were actually glad to leave and go to another Marriott in a quieter location since we wasted HOURS every day trying to get in and out of the hotel. I would have gladly walked the 45 flights of stairs if I had known that each time I had to get back to my room it would take a minimum of 30 minutes to get an elevator. What's the point of being centrally located if you can't get in and our of your hotel in a timely manner? I would never stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>missalicia
<Content>Bravo Marriott Marquis! My family of four stayed here over Christmas weekend and we loved it! The rooms were surprisingly large with two comfy double beds and a large window with a partial view of times square at no additional charge. The elevator system was simple and we never waited even a minute for one. The staff was very friendly and the location can't be beat if you enjoy times square. My kids loved that Toys R Us is right across the street as well as Good Morning America. The theatres are at your doorstep, as are many great restaurants. We liked Carmines and Ollies Noodles. We walked everywhere except downtown of course, but the subway was only a few blocks away for that. Duane Reades drugstore is also nearby for inexpensive sundry items. The 8th floor has a lounge with amazing views but the drinks are a bit pricy. The only noise we ever heard from our room on the 11th floor was an occasional siren. I would definately stay here again, in fact after seeing in person the location of some of the other hotels, I can't imagine staying anywhere else.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tedmond
<Content>Great Hotel I stayed at the hotel with my family as a group of 6 from 13th December for 4 nights, and we were quite worried with regard to the comments regarding the elevator situation mentioned in previous guest comments. Fortunately this proved to be unfounded and they seem to have sorted things out, as and we never waited more that a minute or so for the lift to arrive, even though it was peak holiday time. The hotel has excellent facilities and we found the staff to be both very helpful and courteous. The location is unmatched if you want to be where the action is, as it is central to just about everywhere.The hotel was at full capacity during our visit, but did not feel crowded, and we did not have a problem getting into the View Lounge ( recommended for cocktails )or seating at the bar, which can sometimes be a problem for groups of people. The rooms were large, the furnishings all clean and in good condition, and the beds are so comfortable you really won't want to leave ! We will all return to the Marriott Marquis, and would recommend it to anyone looking for a high standard hotel in a great location.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elevators are mostly fixed! I've been coming to the Marriott Marquis around the holidays for years, and this year finally convinced me they have the elevators fixed. The hotel was booked to capacity while I was there, and I never had to wait more than 2-3 minutes. In past years, I literally took the stairs after waiting for 20 minutes. As long as they are all working, (and they were when I was there), you should not worry about it.Overall the hotel was above average in most respects. NY is an expensive place, and this is not a cheap hotel. Expect to pay more for everything. I like the Marquis because of its location and energy, as well as the points.Finally, the conceirge lounge was remodeled just a few months ago and it is fantastic. It is on the 30th floor.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fredandkell
<Content>Overall good experience GOOD:QUIET hotel! I was expecting it to be loud given its location but the only thing we heard was the occasional distant siren. Restaurant (Encore) was good, although a bit pricey. Rooms were roomy for New York and had good shower amenities. Beds were AWESOME. Maids were extremely polite and friendly. Hotel let us have a 2 pm checkout. Location is great - if you like touristy stuff. Within walking distance of 5th avenue shops, ice skating, all Broadway plays, restaurants, Empire State Building, Port Authority bus station ($11 shuttle to Newark Airport). Major subway stop 2 blocks away.MEDIOCRE:Elevators. I mean, they can't help it - it's a 50 story hotel. They are somewhat slow but no more than a 2-3 minute wait; I think a lot of people are overexaggerating there wait times. Business center did not have free internet access ($8 for 15 min!?). Room furniture was slightly worn. No offer of an upgrade or anything extra for Marriott Rewards Elite members.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jsk
<Content>Nice stay for a big hotel We booked this hotel through a travel agent package for Thanksgiving. I was expecting it to be a crowded impersonal hotel, but much to my surprise it was a very pleasant experience. We have stayed in other areas of Manhattan and chose Times Square this time because of the activities we would be doing in the area. It is a super location, elevators were not a problem, staff was very nice, rooms were nice size and comfortable. I have no complaints. We probably would stay somewhere else next time only because I don't care for Times Square area. I prefer Central Park or the East Side.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cfcmoss
<Content>Great hotel Stayed at the Marriott Marquis, at the end of November, on 46th and Broadway, right in the middle of Time Square. Staff were generally polite and helpful. The only hiccup was when we collected our bags on departure, when we had to wait 20 minutes for them (although others seemed to get there's a lot quicker). Good room, large and well appointed. Breakfast was excellent, though not cheap.Hotel was ideal for seeing Manhattan, as it was central for everything.If you visit the hotel, make a reservation for the 'view' restaurant on the 49th floor. This is NY's only revolving restaurant and the views are superb. Not cheap, but worth it.I have read reviews complaining about the lifts. These have been recently modernised and are very efficient. We never had to wait mote than a minute for a lift.Visit the Rockerfeller Centre Observation deck 'top of the rock' for great views over Manhattan, which include the Empire State Building.A great weekend was had, and I would go back to the Marquis without hesitation.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great Hotel, Lousy Elevators I've been staying at the Marriott Marquis for years, starting when Times Square was a sleazy neighborhood, usually once every 2-3 years. Attending a convention got me a $205/night rate at the height of the October tourist season. Fast efficient check-in at 9 PM, then the annoying wait for elevators. I specifically asked the hotel via email if anything had been done to fix this one huge problem at this hotel, and they assured me that they had been fixed. Well, a new system is in place however nothing can fix this hotels major lack of elevators. Service in this hotel, like all of New York, was exceptional, competent, and friendly. New York is a very different city post 9/11, and the comfort and friendliness of the tourist industry was evident everywhere. Rooms were clean, comfortable, with lots of water in the showers and great room technology including broadband internet service that works well.A truly great hotel in a convenient location.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Frankln101
<Content>Very pleasant Contrary to other reviews I had an especially good experience. Everybody seems obcessed about the elevators which I found to be very efficient with little time waiting for them(at most 3-4 minutes at peak time) My room was wonderful and the bed was fabulous. The bathroom was very nice. The room itself was quite comfortable and was of average size. I found the staff very helpful and courteous. I was pleasantly surprised with the hotel since I had read the same comments from Trip Advisor. No, it is not a Sofitel(which I have stayed in), but it is a very nice, big, well run hotel. I would definitely stay here anytime and would recommend it to anybody that is not used to spending $700 a night for a hotel.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Lillybab
<Content>Great Hotel - Wouldn't stay anywhere else I feel compelled to write as we also stayed here in November, the service, attention detail, lifts were first class, at no time at all did we wait for a lift. All the staff were polite and verey informative. We asked for a Times Square view and got one and had a wonderfully comfortable room. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone. Location is fantastic. The bars and the View restaurant in the hotel first class. This was our first visit to New York from England and the hotel made our trip. We have been to Vegas 3 times and this hotel easy compares to the likes of Caesars Palace etc.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>patch-the-dog
<Content>Well we liked it For our 4th stay in the Big Apple my wife picked the Marquis.We loved it,the View restaurant was very good and the location was just perfect.The lifts(elevators) were slow but maximum wait was only about 6 minutes,our room had a poor view but it is posssible to pay extra for a room with a view of Times Square.The fitness room is very good and I would consider staying here again.It would be great if all the rooms had a nice view but I would recommend it to friends etc.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This must be the worst hotel in New York The level of service here (I write from my very-much run-down room) sets a new low standard. Try calling reception, or the concierge.....50 rings....no answer. Try taking an elevator.......you MAY get one today. The rooms are old and tired. For over $500 a night this is an absolute travesty.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Repunzel Repunzel The recently opened club 49 has commandeered one of the elevators in what is already an inadequate system. We found very few elevators working. the crowds would build withing the holding area as the same letter would be given to all. Asthetically it is a beautiful system, and had it been built to just shuttle guests, it might have been adiquate, however with the various clubs, restaurants, theaters, shops, catering facilities, and gawkers we were frustrated to no end... like Rupunzel being held prisoner on the 33 floor while our dinner reservations slipped away.. And speaking of the Club 49....We inquired about it and were enticed to go up. at first we were on the fence until she offered to dicount the cover by half on on the girls and free for the guys. It was still too much..Sit in the lounge on the 8th floor and watch groups of people ride up and the previous group escaping back down. The view is fantastic but the sparsely populated club was way too loud and occupied by gangter rappers grinding up against their companions Everything else about the experience was excellent, fortunatley you dont need to go to the club with so much to offer in NY...but the elevators are a deal breaker for me.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Stay I took my husband to New York for his 40th Birthday. I had contemplated cancelling the booking after reading so many negative comments about the lifts. I'm so pleased we didn't - they let us check in early, we had a lovely room with a bed so comfy we wanted to take it home with us. The lifts weren't a problem the only time it took more than 30 seconds was on Friday and Saturday evening when the hotel was full and then the staff helped out. The location is amazing and so convenient. Room service was excellent - bit pricey but what do you expect? I really can't fault the hotel and will recommend it to anyone who will listen!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DIANADIGSY
<Content>enjoyed we stayed in the marriott marquiss hotel 6th oct 12th oct 05 my husband and i and our 16 yr old daughter the hotel was great. we wre all apprehensive about the lift situation especially with my difficulty climbing stairs. We had nothing to worry about the lifts were fine no real problems. The hotel is lovely but quite expensive. It is in a great location and we would recommend it. The beds are so comfy they were like sleeping on a cloud .  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MEGAN45
<Content>Marriot Marquis - pleasantly surprised! I was rather nervous arriving with my family for our 5 night stay at the Marriott Marquis. This was mainly because of the negative comments about the terrible delays with the new elevator system. We were all pleasantly surprised ! Despite using the elevators when the hotel was fully booked  at peak times of day, I have to say that I found it to be a very logical and efficient system . In all our stay, we never had to wait for more than 2 or 3 minutes for an elevator to arrive  at busy times, there were members of staff there to help hotel guests. The hotel rooms were large by New York standards  were comfortable  clean. Almost without exception , the staff were friendly and helpful. My only complaint would be that the hotel food was rather over priced. Given the excellent choice of nearby restaurants, this only affected us when we had breakfast in the hotel. I would certainly consider staying there again and would recommend the hotel to others in search of a comfortable, centrally located base.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>brooksz
<Content>Great location for shows! Arrived at the Marriott Marquis for a 1 night stay and was pleaseantly surprised. The room (2804) was large and quiet with a comfy bed. An added plus is that it was next to a stairwell enabling us to walk up two flights to the concierge level rather than wait on the elevators. And DO expect to wait on the elevators! Sometimes it was a 20minute wait even knowing how to use them. This wasn't at 6 pm either -- we are talking any hour of the day -- and we stayed on weekdays. I can't imagine how bad they might be on weekends! We gave up trying to get to The View restuarant after seeing Wicked (which is tremendous) due to the crowds trying to use the elevators. On a positive note, the staff was very friendly, the food was great (particularly the Sushi bar) and the location was great for the theater. Try to visit the diamond district if only for a few hours as it is fascinating.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a Great Time at the Marriott!! Arrived at the Marriott Marquis on 10/6 and they let us check in at 10 a.m. Room was great (big enough for 4 adults) - with comfy beds. The elevators were easy and fast. Had worried about them (after hearing horror stories) but the longest we waited was 5 minutes during the evening (midnight) rush hour. Good staff and wonderful location. I booked early and got a good rate. We will stay here again for sure! We loved NYC!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mjftrip
<Content>Great location If you are going to New York to catch some Broadway shows, this location cannot be beat. The rooms are surprisingly quiet (try to get a corner room, which is also 30% larger) for such a large hotel. Elevators require patience evenings and weekends. Don't expect anything special on the Concierge Level on weekends, when it is closed.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice Hotel for NY! Great price and Great location!       view outside my window at night  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>gladiolabee
<Content>marriott times square- location, location My sister and I just returned from a 4 night stay at the Marriott Times Square. It is near Times Square, on 40th street, but quiet at night. Staff very friendly and helpful. A delightful visit. We also enjoyed the Pig and Whistle Pub on 47th street near Broadway.We had the pleasure of seeing Les Paul at the Iridium, and recommend this show to anyone who is a fan of Les Paul. The people near us had come from far away to see him.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kurock_chalk
<Content>I'll be back. Clean, quiet, great bed, good views, fabulous Cosmopolitans, convenient Starbucks, best showerhead and working elevators. Our stay was perfect. Let me take a moment and explain the elevator system. Go to the correct set of elevators, the floor numbers are on the entryway wall. Enter your floor number into the system, an electronic version of pushing the up button. The system will show you which elevator car to go to, for example enter floor 8 and the system tells you to go to car B. If you enter a floor number and double XXs appear, the system is overloaded and the elevators have individual attendents that will stop on each floor as called. We found the system overloaded only in the evening rush hour. Everything else about the stay was perfect.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great spot in Times Square We stayed at the Marriott September 8th through the 11th. It is a wonderful location if most of your interests lie in Midtown. It is very convenient to the theatres and shopping.I am happy to say that the hotel has fixed the elevator problem. We never waiting more than 2 minutes for an elevator - it is quite the high tech system. All of the staff were very friendly and very helpful. The rooms are large for Manhattan and they are quiet. I would recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to stay in Midtown.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>UCFalum
<Content>Great Marquis Experience!       Room 4361 - Comfy bed!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Celebration Weekend! I stayed at the Marriott for three nights, September 2-5. We celebrated my birthday and our twenty-fifth wedding anniversary. I really enjoyed this hotel. I love its location right on Times Square. Our room overlooked Times Square and it was fabulous. I loved that there was so much excitement right outside of the hotel doors. People walked up and down Broadway all day and night. The staff was great. We did not encounter any difficulties with the elevators. There was always someone there to help direct guests to the waiting elevators. The food was just OK, however, there were many other places to eat nearby. I really enjoyed the revolving View lounge. Although it was pricey, it was a great experience. I look forward to my next visit to NYC and I will most definitely stay at the Marriott.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Spydr1
<Content>Great, recommended highly. Stayed at Marriott Marquis Sept 1-3. Loved it. Great staff. Had zero trouble with the elevators until Saturday when people poured into the city. Wait times increased then but it was strictly due to the mass of people. Longest wait even then was no more than 3/4 minutes though. Definitely would stay there again as rooms were clean, roomy, and quiet. Maid service was excellent as well. Great location for theaters, tours, shopping, etc.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Marriott Marquis!!! My mother, sister, aunt and I went to New York for the first time and stayed in the Mariott Marquis. I have to say it was the best. I was skeptical at first because I read the posts here about the elevators and how long it took to get on one, but we never had a long wait for the elevators the entire time we were there. Actually I don't think we ever waited for more than a minute or two and we were on the 16th floor. Our room had a perfect view of Times Square and the hotel staff was very friendly. During peak times the hotel kept an elevator offline which an employee would use to shuttle people up to their rooms so that you didn't have to wait. We also avoided leaving our rooms during the peak times which were between 11:00 and noon for check out and 7:00-9:00 pm for the shows. Overall I had a great experience and would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SherryH
<Content>loved the hotel I had read the reviews about the elevators and was worried after I had made my reservation, but, it wasn't that bad. During peak hours there was a hotel staff member ready and waiting in the lobby to shuttle hotel guests to their floor on a waiting elevator. If you don't pay attention to the elevator that goes to your floor, yes, you'll have problems, but, it's not that difficult!The rooms were roomy, and the city view we had was great. We even had a view of the river! They upgraded us to the 41st floor and the view was spectacular.The hotel is right in the middle of Time Square and is close to everything. The subways are about 1 block away, the stores are not more than a few blocks away, the theaters are also only a few blocks away! and talk about close to a lot of places to eat!Had a great time, would do it again!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again My daughter and I were very sorry we booked our stay at the Marquis. The hotel had installed elevators that were supposed to be state-of-the-art. Everytime we used the elevator we had in inordinate amount of waiting time. There were times that the hotel staff had to direct guests to the few elevators that were working.The hotel location is fabulous and the rooms most confortable. It is too bad it takes so long (as much as 20 minutes) to get from the lobby to one's room.Also, I just received my credit card statement today and was charged for the room although I had redeemed credit card points for our stay. Now I have that to take care of.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MaineMoo04101
<Content>elevator problem worth it Yeah, the elevators are still horrible, but the professional friendly experience in regards to the staff made it all worth it. Not once did I encounter a bad attitude, the front desk, the elevator attendants, housekeeping and all the resteraunt/bar attendants knew how to make someone feel important. This was the type of service I expect from the higher end chains like the Ritz, 4 Seasons, etc... way to go Marriott Marquis, you surpassed all of my expectations and treated a guest like a guest should be treated. Location is great, food was good, drinks were excellent and staff was accomodating right down to the early check in.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DerekJustin
<Content>Just Okay I have stayed here a couple times for business recently and felt that the hotel was only about average in terms of my overall experience. We put on a couple events here--which ran flawlessly thanks to the catering/event staff. But aside from that wonderful experience, my overall impression of the hotel was tarnished by some major flaws.First of all, what people are saying about the elevators is true, at least as of my most recent visit in July 2005. They take forever to arrive, and sometimes, when they do arrive (after 5-10 minutes), the doors open to an elevator so packed full of people that you have to just let the doors close and press the button to wait again! To be honest, the waiting is not the most infuriating part--it is that you never know how long your wait will be. Sometimes you press the button and the elevator just shows up. Other times, you are waiting literally 15 minutes. I'm not exaggerating here. I just don鈥檛 understand this, as I鈥檝e never experienced this problem in any other high-rise building. I noticed that on my most recent visit, there are now staff members that sort of corral people into the elevators (ostensibly to mitigate the infamous elevator issue).The other flaw (admittedly, as with any hotel) is that the staffing is hit or miss in terms of their demeanor and friendliness. For the most part, we found the staff to be wonderful. But there are a few 鈥済ems鈥?that were downright nasty. This was especially embarrassing when some friends met me at the hotel and we dared to ask how to get to the top-floor bar/restaurant. (Note to visitor, there is a 鈥渟pecial鈥?elevator you have to use to get there鈥?As far as the rest of the hotel is concerned, it was very clean and surprisingly quiet. The location is amazing, literally in the middle of Times Square. Unfortunately, however, I think that is its best asset.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2005
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Still love this hotel, but.... My husband and I stayed at the Marriott for a third time On August 20 and 21,2005.. As always,the room was lovely and you can't beat the location if you're a Times Square freak as I am. However, the elevators are still a huge problem, at least on Saturday nites. We were going to a Neil Diamond concert and we left the hotel very early so as to get to the concert on time because we had experienced elevator glitches on prior visits. I LOVE the Marriott, but if they don't get their act together regarding the elevators, I won't be going back. By the way, Neil was AWESOME!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>enofile1
<Content>If you like White Bread Admittedly, this is not my kind of hotel. I do not like huge, cookie cutter, impersonal, plastic hotels. However, if you are a tourist, want to be in Times Square, feel comfortable with hotel rooms that look like every motel you have ever been in, and avoid surprises and stimulation, this might be a perfect choice at a low price.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UKHolidayAdvisor
<Content>Brilliant hotel in a brilliant location I spend 4 nights at the hotel with my family in late July. The hotel is a four star but had a five star feel. We had a king size bedroom that was specious and very clean. The bed was very comfy and staff was professional. It was our first visit to NYC and the hotel is at the heart of touristy Manhattan, which was very convenient for us. The elevators were a bit slow, I did feel that the hotel might need an extra set of elevators but it didn't really bother us to wait few extra minutes at peak time as we were tourists and we took it very easy.If you stay there, don't forget to go to the View lounge on top floor, it has great views on NYC and it has a great chocolate fountain for the ladies.We would defiantly stay at the hotel again if we decided to stay in touristy Manhattan.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elevator situation intolerable I just completed a four-day stay at this hotel in mid-August, 2005. The elevator situation made it almost impossible at times to leave the hotel. All but three of the elevators servicing the first 28 floors were out of order. (A different bank services the upper floors going up to the 45th). As a result, there was a MINIMUM wait of 10 minutes every time I wanted to going to the front desk, the business center, convention rooms, the dining room, or venture out of the hotel. At the worst times, I was literally faced with the choice of walking up or down 20 floors, as opposed to waiting for 20+ minutes for an elevator. This was not an isolated occurrence, but was consistent throughout my entire stay. Although this Times Square location would otherwise be excellent, the location certainly loses its advantages when you must build in an additional 20 minutes each way, merely to leave and return to your room. Upon departure, I had to carry my luggage down 12 floors to get to the 8th floor check-out desk, and then take the escalators from the 8th floor (which is as high as the escalators go) to the 1st floor. By the way, there were also three floors of escalators that were broken down all week. Consistent with what other guests told me, I see that other reviews on this website indicate that this situation has existed at least as early as February, 2005, over six months ago. It is unbelievable to me that this problem continues, and is likewise unbelievable that I received no warning or apologies from the staff regarding this situation.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>redjet
<Content>A great location On July 22nd we stayed at this hotel for 5 nights for a conference. The rate was great $159 per night and the location was perfect. It was within walking distance of all Broadway shows, area attractions and the subway. The room was good size and we had two double beds. They were clean and very comfortable. The elevators really are as bad as previous postings, so if you are planning to stay there...allocate an addtional 15 min or so. We were aware of the problems and just built it into our schedule so it became more of a joke than an annoyance. Since it is a chain hotel and right on Times Square, most everything in the hotel was expensive. We chose to go one block west and found reasonable dining, shopping and snacks. I will stay here again!!!!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pep078
<Content>Great Hotel My wife and Kids (13 and 10) stayed at the Marriott Marquis Aug. 12 thru 17. I read all the problems with the elevators and thought of booking at the Hilton (6th Ave) where we usually stay. This was our first time staying in Times Square and loved it. The hotel was GREAT. Huge rooms and very friendly staff. We never waited more then 1 minute for an elevator and that was coming and going morning and nite. We did not eat at the hotel because of how expensive it is. We found lots of little diners in the area for breakfast. My family and I loved this hotel and will absolutely go back. If anyone needs more info please e-mail me.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Calif.Traveler
<Content>First visit to NY Stayed at this hotel Wed  Th. nite. Ideal location for first visit to NY-right in the heart of Times Square. Elevators a little confusing at visit but easy to learn and they had to staff to assist at all times. Had drinks in View Restaurant on top of hotel which rotates around to view of skyline. Appetizer and desert buffet a little pricey but selections were great and you can fill the little plates a few times. View was wonderful and relaxing. Also, great Italian restaurant across the street. Very close to theaters, tour buses,etc.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>stace120
<Content>Elevator system terrible on weekends This hotel was in a terrific location. The staff was pleasant and the rooms were nicely appointed. The elevator system was a bit slow the entire time we were there, but it was absolutely horrendous on the weekends. We were stuck on the 14th floor on Saturday evening for 35 minutes before we could get an elevator. The staff told guests that it was a temporary problem because several of the elevators had just broken down. After reading the reviews that stretch back for a few years, I somehow doubt that was the truth. What is the point of staying in a great location when you can't get off your floor. Also, there were no soda machines on the guest floors, which meant that you had to make a potential hour long round trip just to get to the 8th floor to get a soda. The hotel should either bite the bullet and book fewer rooms or fix the elevator system. It's greedy to take in the profits from unsuspecting travellers when they know that the system cannot possible support the number of gueasts staying in the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>2	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>iv2go
<Content>New York City We stayed at this hotel for 4 days. First we stayed because of the location. The hotel is very nice and the rooms are very large for New York hotel rooms. The elevator situation is very bad during peak times. Allow at least 15 minutes. Try to go out not at rush times. If you are in New York and the location is not important try to find another Marriott. Once again the hotel is for the tourist wanting to see shows and Times Square. Everything is crowded included the sidewalks. Just be prepared for the wait and enjoy the wonderful city.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>scohen
<Content>What elevator problems? Having read so many horrible stories about the Marriott Marquis' major elevator problems I seriously considered cancelling my reservations and staying at another hotel. However, I decided the amazing location would more than make up for the elevator problems. I stayed at the hotel August 2 thru 7 and was up and down the elevators a half a dozen times each day, at least. Never in all that time did I have to wait more than 2 minutes for an elevator. I spoke with many other hotel guests and they, too, were pleasantly surprised by the lack of elevator problems. The only problem I did have with the hotel was a personal one. This hotel is HUGE.....way too big for my taste. The staff were wonderfully attentive and accommodating but I was always room 4346 to them. Nobody knew who I was. I will be going back to staying at small hotels where the staff actually calls me by name.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Huge room and location comes with a price Having heard two things about New York City hotels1. rooms are all tiny2. they are all expensiveI decided to throw the budget out the window. Stayed right on Times Square at the massive Marriott Marquis. Even payed the extra for a concierge level room and all the amenities- snacks all day, great breakfast, lounge, etc. Being from the Midwest, I can stay in great and similar places for 1/3rd the price, but hey, it's Times Square where you can walk around in safety now until all hours of the night, go to a show ($100 per ticket reserved) and even shop until midnight almost everywhere in the area in the summer. And then you just step back into the serenity of a huge hotel that has e-registration and so many rooms that you are essentially lost and don't see the same person twice except the housekeeping person and the concierge. The folks in the concierge lounge were great and did their best to make us feel special, and well they should for an extra $70 per night.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LoriZ123
<Content>Everlasting elevator problems Like the others have said, this is a great hotel with horrible elevators. I stayed at this hotel in August 2001, and the elevators were just as bad then. When they were still just as bad in July 2005 and there appeared to be only three elevators servicing floors 27-45, we asked for an explanation. Evidently their high-tech elevator renovation was supposed to be done months ago, but the workers went on strike for over five months. The hotel says the renovation should be done soon, but I would recommend calling and asking about the progress before booking a room. If the renovation is ever complete and the elevators really work as well as promised, this would be a great hotel. It is in the heart of Times Square and has every imenity you would ever need or want. The recently renovated fitness center is amazing!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Where is the elevator? I stayed at the Marriot last year and had little if any problems with the elevators. This year it took me 35 minutes to get a elevator. I will never stay at this hotel again because of this. One time I got lucky and got a elevator in 15 minutes. Once inside it just went up to 12. Got stuck there for 3 minutes without the door opening then went down again. I got out and waited another 10 minutes for a ride. Other platinum members we were talking to said they waited 50 minutes to get a elevator. There had to be at least 12 elevators. Bring back the old days when you just would go on and punch your floor number and it would take you to your floor . No more. Just hope that the keypad on the 8th floor registered your number. Seriously this hotel will be out of business is this continues.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The elevators are a nightmare Don't stay at this hotel unless you want to wait at least 15 minutes everytime you use the elevator. They tell you they are being renovated, but the new computerized system isn't helping. The lone elevator operator was the most popular employee in the place. People literally ran to his elevator when the door opened. When I complained to a manager, she told me the average wait, before renovations started, was 30-45 minutes, and that we were lucky we were only waiting 20. There are 13 elevators, two of which only serve the restaurant on the top floor, and two were being renovated, so 9 elevators were serving 5000 guests. Not a pretty sight. Time is much too precious on a trip to New York to waste it waiting for elevators. I travel to New York once or twice a year, and I'd like people to know this is not representative of most other hotels in New York. I was attending a conference, and the facilities were excellent. Our room was clean and beautiful. The food served at the conference was wonderful. The staff was friendly and helpful, except for the manager previously mentioned, but I'd never recommend this hotel to anybody.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elevator Choas We attended a convention for four days from July 17 thru the 20. Our first experience on the elevators was we waited for over 20 minutes from the 8th floor which is the check in floor. Then the elevator broke down with 8 of us on it. They got us out within a few minutes fortunately. Very scary first experience to have. Then throughout the convention it was a madhouse trying to get an elevator within 10-15 minutes. People were rushing in when an elevator would open. The elevators were constantly being repaired during our stay. If you are not on a time frame schedule this may work out ok for you. But if you are attending anything fairly important, watch out and be prepared to leave your room at least 30 minutes prior to your event time.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2005
<Rating>1	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tburdick
<Content>Perfect!       Night view of Times Square from Marriot  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RLCTapmom
<Content>Nice hotel I stayed at the Marriot Marquis with 3 girlfriends for a girls night out to see a play and have dinner. We really liked the hotel, the rooms are spacious and very clean. The staff was very friendly, and although the elevators are a bit of a pain, we didn't wait all that long and when the lines got long, staff came out to assist and bring more elevators (our average wait time was 5-10 minutes at most). Also, there are two Starbucks in the hotel which was a big plus for us. Definitely a good choice for a weekend in NYC and the price wasn't bad for NYC.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>goobtraveler
<Content>Great hotel -- just bad elevators This is a great hotel in the heart of the big apple. I've stayed here several times and have almost always been upgraded to a suite (if you are a platinum with Marriott, just ask for it and you will likely get it). The rooms are very large by New York standards, and very comfortable. The staff could be friendlier, but it is New York. The only real problem are their elevators. I guess there isn't a lot you can do when you have that many people going to 45 floors, but they still need to do something. I've spend up to 25 minutes before waiting for an elevator to go down.But if you are in New York and only have a day or two, this is the hotel to stay at.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>grbobby
<Content>hated the elevator system This is a nice hotel with a great location, but beware, the elevator system is a disaster. Had to wait a long time on several occasions and was told by another guest that you sometimes wait up to one hour. I had to run down 33 flights of stairs in order to make it to a Broadway play on time. Then I had to run down Broadway like an idiot to make it to the theater on time, all because of the lousy elevators not running well.They charge big money to stay at this place and should be able to offer a decent elevator. Don't waste your money and more importantly, your time standing around waiting for elevators.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Dougo
<Content>Those Elevators I can not believe that anyone could stay at this hotel and have a good experience. There is a m-i-n-i-m-u-m 20 minute wait for an elevator--every time! It completely ruins your entire stay. We too were taken through the service entrance and up the service elevator after expressing our exasperation about the 28 minute wait. The rooms are nice the hotel is great as is the location but who would want to stay there and lose an hour out of each day waiting on elevators and they say this new elevator system is a big improvement over the old one!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>seahwk
<Content>Great hotel ... unsurpassed location Stayed at the Marriott Marquis from Jun. 26 - Jun. 30. Everything was fantastic. Had a room with a king bed and great view of Times Square.You step out the front door and you are right in the middle of all the action. Theatres, Good morning America, restaraunts, Subway, Rockefeller Plaza all just a short walk away. Other posters complained of the elevators but I was here during a conference (hotel was booked) and although a few times I had to wait 2 - 5 minutes for an elevator it was NOT a frustration. The guests just have to understand how the elevators are assigned. The staff was very friendly and helpful and the rooms very comfortable. The fitness room is very large with all the cardio machines you could want. You could watch TV on your own personalized flat screen or just look out the 23rd floor window onto Times Square. If you want to be in the middle of it all this is the hotel for you. I am planning to return to NYC with my family and the Marriott is definately where we will stay.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful follow up service I stayed here while in NYC to see Hugh Jackman in THE BOY FROM OZ. We enjoyed the convenient location, and the room was nice. Service was very good. Good food in the restaurant.What made me rave about it, was the next month the in hotel magazine had an article about Hugh Jackman, and I called the concierge to see if I could buy two copies of the magazine. They sent 2 copies, and didn't charge me. I'll always stay there when I go to Broadway. I am now a big Marriott fan.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cshaw313
<Content>Favorite hotel in New York This was our second stay at this hotel - the first being several years ago. The elevator situation was great this time - we never had to wait more than 2-3 minutes for one. Our room was on the 40th floor and had a beautiful view of Times Square in one direction and the East River in the other direction. We got to check in early - 10:00 a.m. - which was a pleasant surprise. The room was quite nice and very clean. What surprised me the most was getting such a nice room/view considering what we paid. The first night was free as a redemption of my Marriott Rewards (credit card) and the second night was a Sunday special for $199, and I had a $100 gift certificate I earned from My Points Program (an internet site to earn points for rewards). We paid out $99 (plus tax) for 2 nights in a great room with a great view with a fabulous location. What more could we want? One negative - don't eat at their restaurants unless you have plenty of money to blow. Breakfast at the Encore cost us $42 for 3 beverages, 3 muffin/croissant orders, and 2 orders of hash brown potatoes. We should have just gotten up and left when we saw the prices. The next morning we ordered from their Starbucks and carried it over to the lounge area of one of their restaurants and thoroughly enjoyed it for a fraction of the cost!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Belasaria
<Content>No escaping the Elevator Problem! But everything else fine. I was at the Marquis as an exhibitor at a conference in the hotel. The staff assisting with the conference were wonderful, especially the A/V guy who made sure the items I had rented from the hotel worked before he left (I've had some hotels just drop off the equipment and walk away, even though they charge $200 to do that).I had a standard King room, which was roomy for NYC standards, and it was clean and decently maintained. Eventhough I was right next to the elevator, the noise didn't bother me too much.There was some confusion over a number of packages that were shipped to me and it took a while to get straightened out. I was shocked at the package handling surcharge, which when I was coordinating these shipments with the hotel, they did not inform me of (I didn't think to ask because none of the other hotels had charged me).Sure, it's a bit confusing that the front desk is on the 8th floor, but the staff was decent about directing us around.Room service was good; the Encore restaurant was nice as well. Sure, it was expensive but that is Manhattan.Finally, the elevators. New and improved? I'm glad I wasn't around for the old ones! I didn't get stuck, but lugging equipment to and from the show floor to my room was a massive pain because when I finally got an elevator, it was usually crowded.I would like to return again, not on business, to really enjoy the location of the hotel.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Shivers! My 2. time in NY, first time on a Marriott - the best hotel experience I've ever had!Lifts were not the best, but all the other things about this hotel; the staff, the rooms, the location, the VIEW (from rooms and the famous Restaurant/Lounge) is out of this world.Had a 42nd executive-floor room, Times Square view - instant shivers when pulling the curtains!!!Pictures: http://www.thatsound.dk/ny/ (A few from Marriott Financial Center too)Strongly recommended!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>2 thumbs up Best get away my wife and I ever had First time to NY and loved it. Can not wait to go back. Being from a small city in Canada I did not know what to expect. From the time my wife and I were pick up at the airport to the time we were droped off we loved every minute of it. We checked in at the hotel a little early and the clerk told me it would be an hour before our room would be ready. So knowing that I was only there for the night I did not want to waist any time so I asked the clark for an upgrade to something that was ready expecting of course to pay the difference. The clark gives me a free upgrade to a suite facing times square. Hotel is huge, it is in wonderful location, has great service, room was very clean and plenty big, and the last thing I would like to mention is the elavator situation. Before going I read the trip advisory reports and only thing that I read negative about this hotel was it took for ever to get up and down from your room. I took the elavator about 6 to 8 times during my stay and did not wait more then 2 minutes at any time. This hotel to me gets 2 thumbs way way up. See ya soon  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>stlrfn
<Content>Great Place to stay in NYC The location of this hotel cannot be better. The service was great, and the room was very large for New York City. The elevators were not an issue for us, but I do see how they could be a problem. The View Lounge on the 48th floor is a must see, and if you are looking for less expensive food and drinks just go one block west to 9th street where you can find a great diner for breakfast and a number of bars and restaraunts that are reasonable. Ruby Foo's on Broadway around 56th is also a great place for dinner near the hotel.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jeipap
<Content>Great Service Again Family and friends spent another great weekend in NYC - Two nights at a Residence Inn at Newark airport and one night at the Marquis. The front desk clerk at the Marquis (Delores) was quick, efficient and pleasant and allowed an early check in. Multiple elevator trips and NO problems experienced! The rooms were excellent. I would definitly recommend this hotel to anyone planning to visit the city and wants to stay in Times Square.  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>5	3	-1	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sweettooth
<Content>Another Great Stay!       View of the hotel from Broadway and 46th Street  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, what good is it if I Can't get to my room? This was my 4th visit to NYC, Love the City none other like it,This Hotel is beautiful, location can't be beat. But MY GOD ! the ELEVATORS were PAINFUL, ruined my stay, we waited so long to get up to and down from our room, I was stressed at the thought of leaving my room and then to try and get back up, forget about it. We were actually escorted to the back Service area and taken up to our rooms after waiting 25 minutes for an Elevator. Relief, whew finally in my bed, Nope, Wife wanted a cup of Coffee, went down to Starbucks, after 15 minutes finally got down.Back up to my rook right? no way another 15 minute wait, low and beholdI get stuck in the Darn Elevator, 10 minutes, 15 minutes, 25 minutesfinally someone spoke to me on a radio and said he would get me out soon, soon was 25 minutes ago, finally 35 minutes later I am released.NEVER AGAIN, EVER EVER.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>1	4	5	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>delta27
<Content>excellent location Just returned 5-16-05. Elevators can be a pain, just try to avoid during peak times. We had a standard king size room - very roomy with extremely comfortable bed and pull out twin sofa. We did not eat at hotel but Starbucks in lobby on first floor for am coffee fix. You are literally steps away from theaters, excellent restaurants and shopping. Only needed cab to and from airport. Will definitely stay again. Also staff very friendly and helpful.  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NCStano
<Content>The view!!!! Just got back from a 4 night stay at the Marriott Marquis. This was a group trip and I am not sure of the room rate we received, but it was priceless to open the curtains on this 26th floor room and gaze down at Times Square. I can't imagine going back to NY and staying anywhere else. Yes, the elevators were slow at times, but many times the staff were present to help with explaining the nuiances of them and sometimes opening up special ones to get you to your room. The View bar at the top is not to be missed!  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Was great but had some difficulties The Marriott was okay but the elevators were horrible. The computer system had been going wrong. I had cut my finger on the escalator then could not get up to my room to clean it due to they couldnt get me on an elevator. They then had to put me on a maid's elevator in the back so I could get up to my room. The second day we came back tired we had been out the whole day shopping to find fire trucks all infront of the hotel and fireman going up in the elevators and the hotel staff wouldnt notify us of what was going on. The Marriott is in a great location but they need to fix the kinks out. I would stay at this hotel again. I overall rate it above average!  
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maxanddrew
<Content>Can't beat the location! I can't imagine staying anywhere else in NYC. The location of this hotel is worth every extra penny. We were able to walk to nearly every tourist destination, b-way show, and being smack dab across the street from the TKTS booth saved us both time and money.  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jennie44
<Content>Nicest Hotel I have stayed at in New York I have been to New York at least 10 times and 1 hotel outshines the rest that I have stayed at. The Marquis is beautiful, the staff was wonderful and accomadating and the rooms were not only spacious but clean and beautifully decorated. I would definitly recommend this hotel to anyone planning to visit the city and that wants to stay in Times Square.  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JHanson963
<Content>A fantastic hotel! I had done my research on the internet, Trip Advisor, Hotel etc, last March for a trip to New York, April 19 to April 26, 2005, with a girl friend to celebrate our twenty years of being best friends. The biggest problem I was having was finding a hotel with two double beds and not costing over $300 a night. I finally made the big jump, sight unseen since I live in California, and picked the Marriott Marguis. I am so glad I did! A few days before we were leaving on our trip there were several reviews on Trip Advisor about the Marquis that stated the elevators were awful and to expect long waits. I was worried I made a huge mistake on this hotel. From the moment we checked into the hotel, which was at 2AM at night, until the moment we checked out one week later our stay at the Marriott Marquis couldn't have been more perfect. We did not have a problem with the elevators and even at the busiest time on the weekend we didn't have to wait more than five minutes. All the staff was very friendly and tried hard to please us. Another thing the hotel is with-in walking distance to all the Broadway Shows which was great the night it rained and caught everybody off guard without an unbrella. Make sure that if you stay at this hotel go up to The View, the Marriott's revolving restaurant on the 48th floor and have drinks and make a meal at their appitizer and dessert buffet as you gaze out at the New York skyline. Also a few other great restuarants: Tavern on the Green, Patsy's Italian Restaurant (Tony Danza visited there ofter), Stage Deli and if you want a really great meal and you are not worried about the price, eat at Jean George's located at the Trump International Tower on Central Park. Again, if you are looking for a moderately price range hotel that is well worth the money stay at the Marriott Marquis.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>swelch
<Content>Big, impersonal, poor service I was sorely disappointed by the Marriott Marquis. I arrived late in the evening and it took them nearly 20 minutes to get me a room. Although I had a reservation, they had oversold and run out of non-smoking rooms. After much futzing around they eventually released a room on their conceirge floor for me, but made a point of telling me I was not allowed to use the services on that floor. After the long wait it felt like a slap in the face.The rooms themselves are fine, but you have to plan ahead to get there and back - the elevators are infuriatingly slow!If you are looking for an intimate hotel, this is NOT the place for you. 49 floors with the lobby on the 8th floor - it's just huge!  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>russ
<Content>Great location but some problems This was my third stay at Marquis. On our stay last year they assured us the new elevator system would solve all their problems. The new system is impressive. You press the floor you're going to and the computer picks your car. That car will then only stop on the requested floors. Great...but not great when 6 of their elevators were not in service! During peak hours you better allow for an extra 15-20 minutes to simply get from your room to the lobby. Upon checkout, we waited for 30 minutes for a bellman. They never showed up. We ended up hauling 6 pieces of luggage and two tired kids to the taxi stand ourselves...not good Mr. Marriott! The location of this hotel can't be beat. The rooms are OK by New York standards but for $300 a night I expect better service and a reasonable way to go back and forth to my room. The ice maker on our floor was broken so the stairs was the only option...it would all melt if I had to use the elevator!  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Ultimatetravelking
<Content>Great hotel, great location, no elevator problems This is the best location in Times Square. And, it is one of the few NYC hotels that is completely void of street noise. There were hotel employees at the elevators assuring that everyone got to their floor in a timely manner. All of the employees were very friendly and helpful.I will definitely stay at this hotel on future NYC visits.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bella010302
<Content>Fantastic Hotel On my fourth vist to NYC in two years, I finally found a hotel that lived up to my expectations. The room was spacious (for New York hotels anyway), the hotel staff friendly, accommodating, and courteous, and the view of Times Square was fabulous. At that time, they were renovating the elevators, and the only time our wait exceeded a few minutes was on Saturday night when they had some proms and meetings going on. I would not hesitate to recommend the Marquis to anyone who visits NYC where on business or pleasure. No chain beats Marriott in the hotel business...  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice stay, excellent location, no elevator problems We stayed at the Marriott Marquis April 22-24, 2005 and had a great experience there. We were able to get a great deal through Marriott Rewards and only paid $199/night. The stay was worth $199/night but not worth the usual $350-500/night. The room was pretty big and looked out over Times Square (which also lets in a lot of light from all of the neon signs and billboard, not a problem if you keep the curtains closed tightly). Room and bathroom were very nicely decorated, bathroom could have been a little cleaner. The restaurants and room service were outrageously expensive ($60 price fixe dinner, $15 for 3 muffins from rm serv stick out in my mind) but you can probably expect that from any Times Sq/NYC location. The fitness room was really nice and huge, lots of machines, equipment, etc and is free for guests. All of the staff were very nice and helpful. Save yourself $10/night and skip the valet and park in the garage directly across the street (where they end up parking your car for you anyway). Now on to the hot topic - elevators. We had NO PROBLEMS WITH ELEVATORS! However, we were only on the 10th floor - request a low floor when making reservation and you'll be ok. Anyway, we also took trips up to the top floor lounge, gym, etc., came in  out of the hotel during the day, late  early and never waited more than 5 min for an elevator. *Tips for Breakfast: Paramount Cafe, Tick Tock Diner - Lunch/Dinner: Tir Na Nog, Lazzara's Pizza (wkdays only), Da Nico (Little Italy)*  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>4	2	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Had no problems with the elevators I stayed there a few weeks ago and had no problems whatsoever with the elevators. The longest wait? Maybe a minute or two. I think this hotel is great for the money. You can't beat the location, the rooms are large by NY standards, and they are newly decorated.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nmdk226
<Content>Elevators were truly awful I stayed at the Marriott Marquis from April 9-13, 2005 for a conference. The hotel is in a wonderful location (in the heart of Times Square) and has great views of the city from the rooms and bar/lounge areas. The gym is fantastic and free. The rooms are spacious, clean and nicely decorated. But the elevators were horrible. Some mornings I had to wait 10-15 minutes for an elevator to take me down to the lower levels. When one did arrive, it was usually packed with people. And some of the elevators were always out of order. When you're staying on the 31st floor, taking the stairs is not really an option. What made the situation even more maddening were the big signs the hotel had posted bragging about having the most efficient elevator technology in the city. I'm shocked that the hotel hasn't done something to improve the situation, given that they must have non-stop complaints about it. Also, the recommendations that the concierge gave me for local restaurants were not very good. Despite the location, I would not stay here again. I would also recommend staying somewhere outside of Times Square if you want to be able to walk to restaurants that aren't packed with tourists and aren't a rip-off.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant Stay We were happy with our stay in the Marriott. We received our stay as a gift from friends and I feel the regular cost of $300/night may be a bit high for the quality. There was nothing wrong with the hotel, but it wasn't overly wonderful. We loved the atrium view but found the elevators to be slow and the system a bit difficult to use. They told us when we checked in there were problems. The view from our window was magnificent looking directly onto the center of Times Square. Yes, you heard the police cars and ambulances day and night, but you are in the middle of NYC and it added to the excitement. While we didn't eat in a restaurant there, we did buy some drinks and ended up paying $10 for 3 drinks...get them before you head into the hotel! There is no breakfast (we knew this, but in case you are wondering...) We had a problem with the safe which was immediately taken care of and the housekeeping were friendly when we were still in the room. The furnishings were high class, tho the cleanliness was not. I was sorry to find empty water bottles, candy wrappers, etc under the beds. I hope they cleaned after our visit. Overall, a satisfactory experience.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Longsx3
<Content>Great Stay  My DD (8) and I stayed at the Marriott Marquis from the 12th-14th of April and we had a great time! I was very nervous about staying there because of some of the reviews but was driven to do so by the location! I am so glad I did because it was great! I used points to stay...65,000 but worth every one. We arrived at about 10:30 on the 12th and were able to get into our room right away, rm 2341. We had a great view of Time SQ, Toys R US  Good Morning America as well as the ESB! We ate at Breakfest at the Atrium, which was good and dinner at the View Lounge which was awesome...the view was fabulous!As for the elevators we had no siginificant delays...we heard a few grumbles from other guests but nothing major. When we checked in, the front desk manager helped us and I mentioned what I read on the boards, evidently some of the hotel staff read the boards as well, and he said it is definitely getting better. I was very pleased with our elevator experience!On the 14th we had a evening flight back to Germany and we were able to extend check out to 3pm with out any difficulty!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TJGREY
<Content>Wonderful location. And about those elevators.... This is THE place to stay if you're in town for Broadway shows, as the location cannot be beat. Hotel itself is very nice, decent-sized rooms, pretty decor. They renovated within the last two years....And yet, the elevator situation is horrible. NOT (as many previous reviews would have you believe) because of repairs, but because they are installing a computer-operated system that assigns you a car based on the floor you requested by punching a number into a keypad in the lobby or on your floor.NOBODY seemed to understand that this is how you request a car. The hotel should have instructions posted everywhere, but they don't. Which is why you get so many people stranded (the car isn't coming unless you specifically call for it).That said, there were still very few cars operating at key times because so many are being switched over to the new system. A hotel employee told us this will all (finally) be done by October.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>HORRIBLE Elevators will Ruin Your Stay... While it has been said by many other reviewers, it can't be stressed enough how much of an annoyance and inconvenience the horrible elevators at this hotel are. The hotel is still renovating, but it looks to me like most elevator cars are working. Signs all over the hotel tout how the new elevator system is now more efficient. I'd call it the stupidest elevator design EVER, whose only purpose is to make guests furious. The idea is you enter your destination floor on a keypad and are assigned an elevator car. While great in theory, this system is a total disaster in practice. Expect total chaos and 10-15min waits for an elevator during busy times. Then you are packed like sardines in a car with 20 other fuming guests. Making things even more confusing are three to four Mariott employees trying to herd guests on the ground floor. Sometimes you're supposed to use the new system, sometimes you're supposed to listen to the people. It's madness and puts you in a terrible mood.While the location is good and rooms nice, the elevators as well as sometimes rude management put this hotel on the To be avoided if at all possible list.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Ryno
<Content>Hotel was great (even elevators!) I was at this hotel from April 4th through April 9th. The hotel stay was great. The rooms were large and tastefully decorated. Staff and service were great. Everything you could expect from a nice hotel. As far as the elevator problem everyone talks about, I never waited over 2 to 4 minutes for one except maybe a couple of occasions, but never more than 5 or 6. And we were on the 42nd floor. The only bad experience was that we did get stuck on an elevator for about 10 minutes. Someone had to come up to the floor we were on (39) and do something to it. We were slowly let down to the first floor and got back on another elevator to our room. This was somewhat disheartening, but had nothing to do with the problem of long waits to get on an elevator.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent rooms  The Marriott Marquis is located right in the heart of Times Square close to all major subway lines, theatres, tons of restaurants (touristy) and shopping. The rooms are very spacious for New York, and very well laid out. The hotel offers many dining experiences on the 8th floor which makes the lobby very crowded at meal times, but nonetheless exciting. The hotel features a huge fitness center overlooking Times Square with plenty of space and equipment for all to enjoy. The hotel offers wireless internet, but not on all floors. The elevators during the stay were apparently not all operational, creating 10+ minute waits to get to/from the rooms. Upon departure, the taxi / bell service gets very backed up and the area gets quite chaotic. Aside from the latter two issues, the hotel is well stocked with amenities  service!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>elevator problems have stayed at the marriott marquis many times and have always found it to be quite good. it has an excellent location. stayed there last summer (2004) and found the elevator system in the midst of renovation. it presented quite a problem. returned this last week for just one night, march 29, and found the elevator situation the same. system still in the midst of renovation. after speaking with the appropriate hotel staff, who were very pleasant, i was told they expected the elevator problem to last at least another year. would not recommend.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It Was Horrible Do not stay at this hotel if you want a stress-free holiday. I wouldn鈥檛 have believed that elevator service could make or break a vacation鈥攂ut it does. The hotel is two blocks from the St. James Theatre where we had tickets to see the Producers. Our family left a half an hour early because of the elevators, and we still almost didn鈥檛 make it on time. Our rooms were on the 30th floor, and our adult kids had to walk down to the street level鈥?0 floors. We 鈥渙lder鈥?kids in our 50鈥檚 just waited and waited and waited for a free elevator. It was horrible. One last item: I prepaid the rooms weeks in advance (faxing all the information to them and getting a confirmation) ahead of time because it was a Christmas present for our kids. However, on the last morning of our stay, the hotel presented each individual room a bill (slipping it under their doors). When I called and complained, they really didn't care. Nothing like giving a Christmas gift to our kids with the price tag attached.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Location - A few things to also be aware of.... This was our first trip to NY so the Marriott Marquis proved to be a great location, right in the heart of Time Square - The hotel is extremely busy with corporate events between the ground and 8th floor and The View on the 47th floor seems to be a tourist attraction so expect long queues for the lift up there - even if your staying at the hotel! The lifts are always busy but the longest wait we had was around 5 minutes. We would recommend visiting The View Lounge for a drink to take in the skyline (takes about an hour for a full rotation) but do not recommend the restaurant - at $59 per head the food is distinctly average and not worth the money when compared to other restaurants in the same price range - the same goes for the Encore restuarant on the 8th floor - we had breakfast for 2 at $50! - there are so many restaurants/diner's in Time Square you don't need to pay that amount. The Broadway Lounge on the 8th floor is a great location to enjoy drinks/cocktails - especially if you can get a window seat overlooking Time Square. The concierge service wasn't great - we asked for advice on the best way back to JFK and was told to take a yellow cab ($60+) however, when we checked with American Express who are opposite concierge on the 8th floor they offered a shuttle service at $18 per person. On the whole we had a good stay, room was clean etc but you are definately paying for the location - we wouldn't stay here again as there are so many other hotels to try in NY.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>elevators BIG problem This is our second stay at this Marriott at Times Square. Last July 2004,we had NO problems  said we would return finding the location to be so GREAT and liked the restaurants all in the lobby that were available etc. The rooms are much larger then most hotels in New York and very comfortable. This trip which we stayed from March 23 through March 27, 2005.THE ELEVATORS ARE A BIG PROBLEM, WITH ABOUT ONLY 3 OF THEM IN WORKING ORDER. The escolators which only go up to the lobby level on the 8th floor, always seemed to have one of the floors down  under repairWe found one time we had to just jump on whatever elevator FINALLY stopped and went as high as that one would take us  had to take the stairs up to our floor which was on THIRTY ONE!!!!! Another elevator disaster had my husband waiting over 20 minutes  on his cell phone calling the lobby to ask or assistance for an employee to come get him!!!!Once again when it came time to leave and we were headed to the airport we had to call the front desk again, waiting too long and afraid we would not get to the airport on time. This seemed to ruin our trip. Every response from an employee was, WE AE WORKING ON THAT. That excuse became OLD fast. They are putting in a new elevator system that is horrible. -WHOEVER AGREED TO THIS CONTRACT WITH THIS COMPANY, SHOULD BE FIRED!!!!- You push your floor before entering the elevator and go to the elevator it assigns you to hoping it will take you to your floor. New York is too great a city to be inconvenienced spending tlost time waiting for an elevator.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great experience for 1st time visit My daughter and I stayed at the Marriott Marquis from March 22-26. We had a great experience. Everyone was very helpful. We did not find that the elevators were a problem. We loved The View Lounge All of the waiters and waitresses were very attentive and courtious. We are from small town Iowa, and found everyone to be very helpful. The location was great. We would definatly stay here anytime we plan a return visit to New York. We knew nothing coming into New York, and everyone made sure that our experience was great.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lillious
<Content>Never again! March 25 and March 26, 05. Booked through New York Auto Show (Expo Travel). Guaranteed our room with a credit card as usual. Arrived at 11pm. We were told by the Marriott staff that they didn't have any rooms for us and that they would send us to another hotel. Clerk disappeared for 15 minutes and finally came back to tell us that they found us a hotel. In Brooklyn! I told them that there was no way I was taking my family to Brooklyn so late at night. I told them that I had specifically booked this hotel because of its proximity to the auto show-otherwise I would have booked us at the Hilton because we are Hilton members. I also asked them why they hadn't bothered to contact us earlier in the day when they knew they were overbooked. They had no answer. Finally at midnight they found us rooms at the Sofitel about 4 blocks away. They did give us cab fare and payed for our rooms. They told us to come back the next day and they would have 2 rooms for us as reserved. We returned the next day at noon and 1 room was ready. No problem it was a bit early and we understood. Came back at 6pm and 2nd room still wasn't ready. Finally at 7pm we were able to get into the 2nd room.Elevators in this hotel are ridiculous. We waited 1/2 hour and then had to take the service elevator. I will say that the staff was friendly and probably as frustrated as we were about the room situation and the lack of elevator service. Bottom line, if they are in the middle of renovations than they should consider not booking to capacity until they can reasonably accomodate all their customers. Last weekend I was due to stay at the Embassy Suites in Charleston , SC and the hotel called me at 8am in the morning to tell me they were overbooked and would appreciate it if I would consider staying at the hotel next door (Hampton Inn) at their expense. That is the way business should be done. In this day of modern technology there is no excuse for the poor management of reservations at the Marriott. The Marriott staff kept stressing that they were going to pay for our room as if that should make everything ok, despite the potential inconvenience of being sent to a hotel 45 minutes away from where we planned to stay. As I explained to them staying at the Marriott was about convenience for the event we were planning to attend, not the price. They should not assume that everyone who stays here is only interested in getting a free room because they have poorly managed their reservation system. Saturday night we ate in the hotel restaurant on the 8th floor. Service was good and so was the food. Prices were reasonable for a tourist location. It will be hard for me to ever consider staying here again. The Marriott staff needs to be better organized. We travel very often and this is the first time in many years that we were faced with so many obstacles in such a short time. Should you be considering this hotel call to reconfirm your reservation and ask the status of their elevators. Had we had theater tickets or dinner reservations it would have been extremely difficult to arrive on time for either. I shudder to imagine what this hotel would due in the case of an emergency evacuation. There is no way they could properly handle any type of emergency.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location! Just got back from a two night stay at the Marriott Marquis in Time Square. We arrived at 830 am and to our delight they had a room ready for us. The location of the hotel is wonderful as you are able to walk almost anywhere. The tour bus that we took even picked us up outside of the hotel. The only reason I gave the hotel a 4/5 rating is because of the elevator system. I knew prior to arriving in NYC that the elevators at the hotel had caused some problems, as I had read this in other reviews. We only had to wait at the most 10 minutes, but there were other guest who had to wait for quite a while. The staff were very helpful, in fact one night when we were waiting for the elevator, one of the hotel employees brought us back to the service elevator instead. This was a bit stranged, but it got us up to our room.The interior of the hotel and hotel rooms are wonderful. The beds are super comfy and the room was always spotless. We all enjoyed the chocolate bars left on our pillows each night. A nice touch.We would definitely stay at the Marriott Marquis again.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>From bad to worse The only thing this hotel has going for it is its location, right in the middle of Times Square. I was there four nights, two for business and two for pleasure. The accounting staff could not figure out how to charge my company for two nights and me personally for two nights- I kid you not, they messed up something this simple and I am still trying to get the problem sorted out. This was after I spent over an hour while I was there at the hotel trying to explain this simple matter to the front desk staff. A nice manager at the hotel is trying to straighen it all out for me now, but still, this should not have happened.The food at the rooftop restaurant was mediocre and the waiter surly and completely inattentive, even though we were paying a pretty penny for the food. I stayed at this hotel 5 years ago and everything was fine then, but after this most recent visit in January, 2005, I will never stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>schmelke1
<Content>Great view and facilities; elevators still a problem The Marquis is still fixing its elevators -- generally, it was not too difficult to get an elevator, except for one day when apparently they magically reprogrammed themselves and you had to exit the elevator and resubmit your destination floor! Waits for the elevator varied drastically. Unfortunately, it is the elevator that dominates your stay -- instead of a great room (35th floor) with an incredible view of Times Square. The staff is quite helpful and I think this hotel will be much improved when its elevators are finally perfected.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful time at the Marriott Marquis.... My daughter and I stayed here 2/22 - 2/24 to celebrate her 6th birthday. We've done the staying at a hotel w/ view of Central Park (Westin Essex) and wanted to experience a stay at a hotel w/ view of Times Square. Well first of all when I booked I requested a regular standard room figuring I would try my luck at check in and request an upgrade for free. Well, it worked. We got a free upgrade to a King size room on the 43rd Floor, that was very nice size, well maintained, ordinary nothing fancy, and of course w/ a fabulous fabulous Times Square view. My daughter was thrilled beyond words. So if anything it never hurts to ask.We personally did not experience any real bad drama with the elevators. The most we waited was 5 minutes - which isn't too bad. The elevators that face outside w/ a view are a smooth, fast ride, but the inside elevators are not that great. We did get caught one time in an elevator crammed w/ people and no lie the elevator stopped just about on every floor. Which ,if you could imagine when having on a room on the 43rd floor, was annoying but people made light of it and so that made the ride bearable. We did not eat at any of the hotel restaurants nor order room service, so I can't voice any opinion on that. I will say that the service was great, everybody we encountered was very helpful. The room rate at the Marriott is expensive, but my main objective in staying there was to get a room w/ view of TQ for my daughter and we also had tickets to see The Lion King so I wanted to be in the area for that as well. P.S. The Lion King was fantastic. Highly recommend seeing this show whether you have kids or not.All in all our time at the Marriott Marquis was very enjoyable.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elevators were a nightmare! The great location, pleasant and reasonably spacious, well-appointed rooms and excellent fitness center have made this hotel my number one choice for Broadway theater weekends in the past, but never again. There are three reasons: the hotel is overpriced, there are problems with service, but the number one reason that will prevent me from going back is the serious elevator problem.This hotel has always had insufficient elevators for its size and for a while has been in the process of installing additional elevators with a new computerized system to improve efficiency. Well, the new Miconic system is here and it is horrible and the elevators are worse than ever. I'll spare you the details, but, the waiting time for the elevators was routinely between 10 and 20 minutes. Sometimes they never came! All of the guests in the hotel were angry. There was a high level of anxiety among everyone. My family and I rushed through our overpriced, but tasty, dinner at the rooftop restaurant because we feared being late for our show. The assistant manager I spoke with reported that the new system had just been implemented and they expected elevator service to improve in the next few months. They should limit the number of guests in the hotel until the elevator system can accomodate them properly.The staff people are all polite and well-trained, but the occurrence of many small glitches and problems with service (unrelated to the elevator problem) is unacceptable for a hotel that is as expensive as this. The fees are inflated because of the excellent location. There are far more luxurious hotels in the city for similar rates. They are just not in the center of Times Square.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Great ... Rooms OK We just stayed for my wife's birthday ... show / dinner sort of thing.The hotel facilities, restuarants etc are excellent. Very appealing lobby / bar area. Fitness Center. Ate at sushi bar for lunch ... VERY GOOD (surpisingly some of the best I've had albeit with a basic menu). Great location right in the heart of it all.Rooms were average. Average bed / couch / bathroom etc. Nothing wild, different or appealing. There are better rooms in the chain hotels in the city ... but who stays in their room in NYC very long?BTW ... if you like Mel Brooks or satire comedy ... go see The Producers ... was excellent and very funny. This coming from a person who has trouble sitting still for 3 hours.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very disappointing My wife and I just stayed there this weekend to celebrate our anniversary. I should have known it was going to be a disappointing stay when the valet was already full at 3pm. We took the stairs to the 8th floor lobby b/c some of the escalators were broken. They were out of king size beds which was requested. Since we had dinner reservations at 6:30, we figured we can get back to the room by 5:30 and change and head back out. We were an hour late because the elevator situation was absolutely horrible. We waited approximately 20-30 minutes each time we needed to use the elevator. After talking with some other customers, they also had similar experiences where even another couple was stuck for 15 minutes along with about 10-12 people crammed in an elevator. My suggestion is that to go down, get on an elevator that is going up just so you can get into an elevator. There were some customers who chose to walk up 17 flights of stairs to avoid those terrible elevators. We probably lost a good 2 hours b/c of these state of the art elevators. Another point to consider is that if you're given instructions on how to work the elevator when you check in, then you know you're in trouble. Next disappointing issue: concierge. We asked them to setup massages for us the following day. After a nice tip, the concierge stated that they would contact us right away to confirm the appointment. Since we didn't get back until midnight and the concierge was closed and no message in our room, we were unsure whether we even had our massages setup. The front desk was indifferent to our questions and told us to contact concierge in the AM. (We actually did end up w/ the massages which was definitely the best part of our stay.) Breakfast at the Encore took waaay too long and the Starbucks employees messed up an easy order of a hot chocolate/frappucino. Putting all that aside, the room was clean and the location is right in the middle of everything. We had such high expectations since my wife always wanted to stay there, but needless to say we will never go back there again.   
<Date>Feb 13, 2005
<Rating>1	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>expensive/aggravating We stayed at the Marriott/Times Square for two nights 12/04. The rooms were nice. They were having big problems with the elevators, a real problem when check-in is on the 8th floor and your room is on the 20th and the gym is even further up. The gym is great- TV's on the treadmills. The water stopped running twice in two days for like an hour or two. One lady told me she hadn't had water in two days. No toilet, nothing. Room service left dirty dishes out in the hall for 24 hours. Valet is understandably expensive. It was like Grand Central Station in the drop-off area- absolutely packed all the time. Good location to go to the shows. Nice selection of both expensive and simple restaurants. I think some of the problems with the hotel are due to the anthill nature of New York.   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NNMinAL
<Content>Doing the Times Square thing for the first time... ...then this hotel is for you! You are right in the thick of things. Restuarants everywhere, walk to the theatres, subway just a minute away. When you arrive be aware the front desk is up on the 8th floor. Also pay attention to the elevators as they don't all go to all floors. Some are glass and sometimes get crowded with people(I suspect guests and non) riding them for the view of the atrium. Rooms very nice-our bed oriented towards the window with super view of the lights, traffice, people. Only disconcering part was the huge billboard of Michael Jackso staring in at us! Fun place to be to experience NYC, but not the cheapest...you pay for that location for sure. Suggest not using hotel restuarant or lounges unless you and your wallet are really ready for it. LOTS of other places to choose from...not a bargain(you'rein NYC!), but less than premium hotel prices. Enjoy!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lost77
<Content>superb!!!!! There is only one word to describe this hotel and fantastic comes to mind. Staff are excellent, standards are high and the views are breath taking!!!!!lasy year we stayed at the Hudson ( fine if you like to live in a shoe box) this year we needed a little more pampering. I would highly reccommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay at the Marriott Marquis New York My wife and I stayed there during the Blizzard of Jan '05. I was a little worried about the elevator issue from what I had read in comments here. We stayed on the 25th floor and there were only a couple of times thet we had to wait any longer than a minute for a lift. The rooms are very nice and roomy for NY. We usually stay on the quiet upper west side at the Lucerne, so it took a little getting used to staying in the hustle of Times Square. All the big plays are within a block or two. There is a great Scottish bar nearby called St Andrews. Great place. Everything is pricier in this area because of the location. The subway is only about 3 blocks south and you are right near restaurant row. I would recommend staying here. The rotating bar on the roof is nice but you will pay 17 dollars for a martini. Just bring lots of $$$$ and you'll be ok.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Travel4Fun66
<Content>WONDERFUL Worth the extra to stay at the Marriott! Beautiful Hotel!! We appreciated the size and comfort of the room as opposed to others in the area. The room decor was very nice and well maintained. All of the Marriott staff were polite and very reponsive and fast to any request we had concerning room amenities. The elevators were on the slow side, but not bad for such a huge hotel. Room service was fast and the food was excellent. This hotel has a very large and very nice gym with up-to-date equipment that you would find in your own gym. Over all I thought the hotel was well maintained and managed. I would recommend this hotel, it is well worth the price.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location My wife and two daughters and I stayed here for a week over Christmas, 2004. There is no better location in New York City if you want to go to the theatre or just sightsee in general. This hotel is next to everything or within short walking distance. Checkin was smooth and courteous and I got the room I reserved. Except for our maid, who started knocking on our door before 9:00 every morning and who looked disgusted each time when I told her we were on vacation and slept late, the staff was courteous and helpful. The dinner buffet on the lobby floor is one of the best values in NYC. The complaints about the elevators that I read on your website turned out to be overblown. We were in and out all day and the longest we ever had to wait was no more than 5 minutes. The only drawback to this hotel is that it is a bit pricy. Perhaps that is the norm for NYC, but the room we had, while big enough and clean, was about what you would find in a nice Holiday Inn on some interstate somewhere. I expected something a bit better for paying over $300.00 per day.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>4	2	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JJQuick
<Content>Great Location ! We stayed at this hotel in August 2004 for 5 nights. The hotel lobby was a non-stop sea of people but the staff and concierge were always friendly. We didn't realize until we got there that the hotel was in Times Square. Great location! The hotel cost was a bit expensive but well worth it ! Conceirge was nice to recommend some great places to have dinner that were within short walking distance. Good news since I wanted to dress up and wear heels ! My husband and I would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Booked this hotel a couple of months in advance due to travelling to diferrent places in america.On entering the hotel i was already lost due to had to go to the 8th Floor to check in.Checking in was very easy and the people in the hotel very helpful on where to go what to see and what lines to take on the trains etcOn entering the room i was gobsmacked, Very spacious, Clean and the view was incredible (33rd Floor)Overall i cannot rate this hotel highly enough due to you are bang in the centre of times Would centainly stay there again and recommend to anyone  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>oaky
<Content>Great Hotel Just got back from New York on Sunday. This hotel was great. We did not have any elevator problems at all. Right now, the hotel is upgrading the elevator service. The hotel has 2 Starbucks one in the lobby and one on the ground floor. Location was amazing. Dead centre of Time Square. There was lots of security/police in and around the hotel. Made you feal very safe and able to walk around at night. Can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vat
<Content>Fantastic Time at The Grand Marquis, New York City Stayed at the Marriot Grand Marquis, Times Square, in New York City the weekend of 1/14/ to 1/17/05. Our room was spacious and had a great view of Times Square. Very nice bed and bathroom. Before I go any further I would have to say that the only knock that I have on this Hotel is the elevators. I did read about them in the earlier reviews and found them to be very slow. Allow enough time and you will be fine. We had dinner at the View Restaurant on the 43rd floor and it was outstanding.The staff was super. the location was right where you want to be to go to any Broadway show.Billy Crystal's 700 Sunday's is a must see if you can get tickets.All and all I would highly recommend this Hotel. You will not regret it.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel in Times Square What a nice hotel. I live in NY  decided to stay her last week. I don't know what the rates are but I sure received a good one. The standard rooms are actually a good size for NYC. Front desk staff very helpful  will help you with whatever you need. Will stay here again..  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>goldcardluke
<Content>Great location. Best for short trips only. The location is great. Probably the most central hotel to Times Square you can get. It's opposite the huge Virgin Megastore. I consider the hotel to be expensive, but it's worth paying the extra for a view. The price of this hotel seems to be the same at all times. There's no cheap time to stay there in my experience. On my first visit we stayed at the back of the hotel overlooking the Hudson River, but on the second visit we overlooked Times Square. It was great to sit in the comfy chairs and look out - especially at night. Though you could go down and sit in the bar and get a similar view. They have removed the mini bars from the room which is a shame. The rooms are large and comfortable. Bathrooms are good too. The lifts are a problem, but we never waited more than 5 minutes. Nice gift shop. The souvenirs were quite classy compared to the gift shops outside the hotel. The View restaurant rotates giving you views of New York. We had to queue to get in (even though we booked) but eating there was a nice treat. You have to book a couple of days in advance. We had the set menu which was quite reasonable - don't let them talk you into cocktails, champagne etc. though as this seriously bumps up the bill! The hotel is very big so there's not much of an aptmosphere, but if you're looking for comfort and convenience it's a good place to come back to at the end of a busy day. Great if you're in town for a very short visit, but you'd have to pretty well off to stay for several days.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the location Just came back from spending New Years in NYC. The Marquis was the BEST hotel to be at for New Year's Eve. We were allowed exclusive access to Times Square for the ball drop at midnight. Our room key was our key to Times Square that evening. We couldn't cross Broadway without it.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Got the Best Room in the House--4036! My husband and I just returned from the Marriott Marquis in NYC today. I wanted to write this review while I still remembered every detail of our visit. We stayed for 4 nights and had a fabulous time. The hotel was very clean, quiet, and not any more expensive than the other hotels in the Times Square/Broadway area. If you are looking for a hotel to spend New Year's Eve in, this is the place. They have Ball Drop View Rooms available for New Year's Eve that can be booked by calling the hotel directly. I am sure they are EXPENSIVE, but this hotel by far has the best view. Actually, the ball drop is filmed for TV from this hotel! I was torn between rating this hotel as excellent or above average. We only had two problems during our stay. The first was at check in. After navigating the subway from JFK, we arrive at the check in desk only to be informed that the room we reserved was not available. Well, let me explain. It was available, but it would be $60 dollars more per night. When we reserved a room, we called the hotel directly. My husband was on business and got a special rate that was offered through the company he was coming to visit. The lady on the phone said that the rate quoted was for a city view room. Well, when we got there, ready to check in, I asked if they had any rooms overlooking Times Square. The man at the desk said, Yes. For $60 more per night. You can't have the Times Square view room for this company's rate. And, I said, o.k. then, we'll just take the city view room that is included in the rate. And, again he says, No, the Times Square view room is $60 more per night. And, I say, Well, what is a city view room? and he doesn't answer. He just stands there looking at me. Now, I know there is a difference between a city view and Times Square view room. I knew that much going into it. There are 4 different faces of the hotel, some looking in directions other than Times Square. But, obviously, this man thought they were one in the same-that city view and Times Square view were one in the same. I had just heard (via TripAdvisor) that you could ask for upgrades sometimes, especially if you were a Marriott Rewards member-which we are, and they would let you have them. The man at check in acted like I was a complete idiot for mentioning that I was a Marriott Rewards Member and said, You don't get an upgrade for that! Well, according to TripAdvisor, lots of people do. But, we must not have been one of those people. So, if you expect to be getting freebies just because you are part of the club, I wouldn't count on it. Well, the guy at the desk finally asks if this is our first time at the Marquis. When we said yes, he said, we'll I'll go ahead and let you have a Times Square View room then since it is your first time here. Well, finally......Again, I wasn't asking for the best room in the place or anything, I just wanted the city view room we had reserved. Meaning, I would like to look at SOMETHING within the confines of New York City. Considering that some on this website have said they got rooms over looking steam vents, I just wanted to make sure we got a room with an actual view. Well, the poor guy must have not understood what I meant, but my complaining paid off! When, we stepped into Room 4036, I about died! We were on the 40th floor, looking DIRECTLY at where they drop the ball for New Year's Eve. Two days before this room would have cost $1000 bucks or more! We had the best view ever and I was so glad I had a bit of a tiff with the guy, if this was my reward! We could even see the Statue of Liberty from this room, as well as Battery Park, and even a slight view of the river from the right side. A few nights, my husand and I turned the couch around to face the window and just sat and stared! Very cool! The other problem is that we were charged more for our room, by about $50 a night. Then, when we checked out, the charges had been corrected. We didn't even have to say anything. But, it did put a hold on our bank for more money than we had anticipated. I would check into how much money they are going to put on your credit card/debit card before you leave the desk. Our rate was $215, but we were charged more than the standard tax and fees. But, miraculously, it cleared itself up. We didn't bother to ask what had happened. As far as the elevators go, they were not a problem. I think people bring the elevator problems on themselves. If you expect to leave 10 minutes before your show and get there on time, you are pushing your luck. We never had a problem with the elevators, save for once, and that time it was only a 10 minute ride or less. We went up and down the elevators at various times of the day too, 7 a.m., 12 noon, 5 p.m., and all throughout the evening. The bed is nice, the couch is nice. Hated the pillows. We came back with sore necks because all the pillows were feather and go flat as soon as you lie down on them. The bathroom and room were both very spacious. The towels were some of the best hotel towels I've ever used. Very fluffy and soft. There is a fitness center, but we never used it. There is no pool, which could be disappointing to the kiddies. But, the view was fantasic and we would go back--just for the view and location of the hotel alone.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CTYankeeGal
<Content>Not worth the price Have stayed at the Marquis three times, and each time has been worse than the time before. First the plusses--great location, large room, great view. Negatives: not only are the elevators SLOW, they are confusing. Some elevators only go to certain floors, some go to others, and you have to get in to find out which is which. You also find yourself walking in circles to find where to enter the elevator banks. To get to the View Restaurant (fabulous, by the way) which is on the 48th floor, you have to take an elevator down to the1st floor, then an escalator to the 3rd floor, to stand in a line to wait for another elevator to take you to the 48th floor. Not very streamlined.Took 3 calls to At your service at the hotel to get the in-room movie to work, was charged twice for high-speed internet service. There are lots of hotels in NY at this rate, and I will stay at those instead.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Christmas 04 Great hotel for position - very convenient -went with Bath Travel (England) for 5 days at Christmas- the rooms were large and spacious for three of us We agree with the previous comments about the lifts (elevators) - long wait at peak hours and they were always full whichever one you took. Enjoyed our buffet in The View Restaurant Christmas Eve but Christmas dinner very disappointing. Room service poor - rooms not cleaned one day until after 5 o'clock and that was after a call to say it had not been done but they also removed coffee and mugs and had a long wait to retrieve these when we requested them on our return at night at 10. 30pm. A great pity Starbucks on the 8th floor was always closed as you could not sit down in the ground floor cafe.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Codmother
<Content>Fab location Just returned having spent Christmas in New York. Hotel was fab nothing was too much trouble for staff and the location of the hotel itself couldn't be beaten. The bars and dining areas have to be seen to be believed I didn't know there was that much glass and water around.The only major problem we encountered was the lifts. Being on the 32nd floor you could wait up to 1/2 an hour for a lift to arrive and alot of the time when it did finally arrive it was packed with people. I believe that they are trying to install a new lift system and hopefully when that is completed it will alleviate this problem. Meanwhile if visiting remember to ask for a lower floor to which the stairs are acessable or take a book.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jn322jn
<Content>Great room, but that's about it. We booked a deluxe corner king room Dec. 29  30 and it was very nice. Much bigger than the average NYC room and very modern. BUT... (1) The hotel double-charged me. I used a different credit card at check-in, not the one I used to guarantee the room, then the hotel charged both cards. I must say that on New Year's Eve evening they were very helpful when I called them about it and they had one of the charges credited back to me immediately, but if the lady that checked us in had not spent most of the time on the telephone, maybe the mistake wouldn't have happened! (2) The elevators are a problem. Not as bad as some of the reviews have indicated, but it is a bothersome issue. A word to the wise...when you see room on an elevator, get in! Regardless of where the elevator might be headed, get in one when you can. And try to avoid the 8th floor. That's where check-in, shops and lounges are and as a result where most of the people are...take an escalator to a lower floor if you're on the 8th and you won't have as many people to fight with. (3) The hotel is very slow to pick up room service trays. At one point, there were three trays sitting outside of rooms on our floor and they smelled very much. We had to call to get them removed. The next day, the remains of someone's breakfast stayed in the hallway until the next morning (appx. 24 hrs.). The location of this hotel is wonderful, but you can probably do better and spend a lot less!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel......Shame about the elevators! We stayed here for the 9/11 anniversary with the british police. The hotel was beautiful, one of the nicest we've stayed in in New York.We were lucky to be on the 12th floor as we could at least walk down the 'service stairs' if needed. The elevators were ridiculous. We had long waits every single time we used them. The longest wait was 25 minutes at which point we gave up and walked up the stairs (not ideal when you're pregnant!)The staff were also pretty rude. I made one 2 minute phonecall to the UK from our room and was charged $22. The staff treated me like some sort of pauper for questioning the amount. I have never had call charges like this from any other hotel in the city!All in all the hotel was fab. However, if you're impatient I would go elsewhere!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Manderina
<Content>If you don't have patience, don't stay at this hotel I've stayed at the Marriott Marquis twice, both for my husband's corporate functions. (Once in September 04 and again in December 04.) My one piece of advice to travelers is: don't stay at this hotel if you are inpatient! The rooms are spacious, clean, and comfortable with an amazing view, if you are lucky enough to get a Times Square view. You won't have any trouble sleeping in the comfortable beds. It truly feels like home.The revolving bar and restaurant on the top floor is a MUST see. You get a gorgeous 360 degree panoramic view of the City. However, I would never choose to stay here on a personal visit due to the elevators. They were horrible both times I stayed. It wasn't unusual to wait 20 - 45 minutes to get an elevator. (I'm not exaggerating.) We would get so excited when a door opened on our floor, but 99% of the time the elevator was completely full. People were crammed in there like sardines. Then, once you got into an elevator, it would stop on EVERY floor. Imagine being picked up on the 45th floor, the elevator is full and it stops on 44, 43, 42, you get the point. (Holding the buttons doesn't work.) It actually becomes a hilarious game, the crowd cheers when you get down more than 1 or 2 floors at a time. When the doors would open on a floor, the riders and waiters would yell back and forth to each other. At least people have a good sense of humor! If you are drunk, I highly recommend a hilarious elevator ride! In the morning, it took us an hour to get down to the lobby. There are no escalators to take you down to the lower floors. It's either wait for elevators or walk down 40 flights of stairs with your luggage.The problem is not people waiting to get a hotel view elevator. We were desperate to get on ANY elevator. I would have taken a service elevator if I could find it.The management has signs claiming that the problem will be fixed. We saw those in September, but in December it still hadn't improved. I don't know what the solution could be besides building additional elevators.If time is not an issue for you, then you'll love this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A few words on the Marquis... The Marriott Marquis is a great hotel to stay at if it is going to be your first time in New York City. Check-in was extreamly fast. They even began to implement automatic check-in kiosks in the lobby. The elevators are another reason I gave the marriott such a low rating. There are eight elevators that service 48 floors. Unlike other hotels which have specific High rise, Low Rise, and Mid-Rise elevators, the Marriott elevators service all the floors, which means that you will spend a lot more time waiting for an elevator (Expect to wait about 10 minutes during peak times). During my stay, I found service to be extreamly slow. For example, when I asked for two extra pillows, it took housekeeping about forty-five minutes to bring them to my room! This isn't hard to understand when you figure that there are about 1886 rooms. The reason I say that you should consider this hotel if it is going to be your first time in N.Y.C. is because it is right in the center of Times Square, and Times Square is in the middle of Manhattan. At night, security in the hotel is excellent. What's remarkable about the hotel is that it caters to both businessmen and families alike. However, there are times where the hotel lobby is flooded with businessmen who are talking about the convention they just came from. All in all, if you would like excellent service, I'd find another hotel, (or the Plaza). If you want an excellent view, choose the Marriott  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chey
<Content>My True Love is The Marquis This must be my third review but this is my favorite hotel. I stayed here first for my anniversary and then two times afterwards. The staff is always friendly mostly.This time I threw a little get together on the day before NewYears eve(widely misconceived as a hotel party by security) for end of finals. I am a Marriot Rewards member and Triple A member.I got an advanced rate with my AAA card for $175 for a standard king. Then I put in a request for a complimentary upgrade. Guess what they gave me? A corner room with a Time Square view. The ball drop room on a high floor. It was perfect and very clean. Our get together lasted until 2 in the morning, Security came up but I know the rules of security and noise complaints. I am guessing the next door neigbor complained. So we quieted down and things began to disolve after the game. I really wanted to get the room that shared with my corner so I wouldnt have to deal with anyone's complaints but oh well. It was occupied and every other corner room had an occupant in the connecting room.I was trying to get a room for New Years but its a two day min and Im not paying $800 for New Years.All in ALL had a great time still. The beds are always comfortable. The security downstairs were sweet. The one security guard who tried to be a smart -- with me got his behaviour in return. Like I said, Im a member and I know the rules, so he may have thought he could have intimidated me until I let him know. Anyway, housekeeper was nice as usual and so was the person who brought our breakfast. I didnt like the food and it came up to about $36 . I could have done better with a hot plate. Bed was comfy and so was the pull out. My only gripe was we were supposed to have a movie night there but I was misinformed about being able to hook up my dvd player. Then I was told I can rent one for $100. Sorry!!! Not after I carried my own in the pouring rain from Bklyn. Now I know!Elevators were not an issue. Especially if uyou don't waste your time trying to get in one that has the hotel view. We already know what it looks likes so we saved time and took the inside elevators while other people waited .  
<Date>Dec 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelGate
<Content>Excellent beyond words This is a fantastic hotel and I can't say enough about the staff and how we were treated. From housekeeping to the concierge we were treated like royalty.Our room overlooked Times Square and was spacious. Starbucks was great to have either a late coffee or early morning wakeup!The restuarant food was very good as was the service. Our waiter and waitresses were very attentive.The concierge also gave us several restaurants to choose from to suit our needs.I had read in previous posts about the elevators but found that I had no more of a wait then at any other hotel. It was a very busy time of year, December 5th through the 10th and I had no problem in reaching the 21st floor at different times of the day with very little waiting.I highly recommend this hotel and will definitely stay there again on our next trip!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Christmas In New York The city is very busy during Christmas, but we had a very good time. The Mariott Marquis is the place to stay if you can afford it. You can walk to all of the popular shows and we felt safe on the streets. We were in a group of 8 and we all had a wonderful time.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kaos_bobyn
<Content>Great hotel A+++++++++++++ LOVED THE MARRIOT! Eveything was great at the marriot. We got into check in and had a normal room for three people, they immediately offered to upgrade us to a suite without any extra cost. Room was amazing big conference table and great view of the harbour. Two big beds. An area to put makeup on and bathroom was great. Had couchs and a chair that you could lye accross. The inside of the hotel was also very pretty and the location is unbeatable. Elevators make the trip to your room exciting even though you have to wait sometimes. WORTH EVERY PENNY!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous! Total win! This is NYC, and this is the THE hotel to do it in! Excellent service, excellent room quality, excellent atmosphere that completely complements the magic of Broadway! Times Square is a world of it's own, and the Marquis is the center of it! Anyone looking for first-class accommodations, stop here!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>laura_a_liles
<Content>Great hotel!! I've stayed at this hotel three times, once during New Year's Eve. We had a Ball Drop room that year, meaning you could see the ball drop over Times Square at midnight. Each time I've stayed at the Marquis, I've enjoyed my stay. The service has been excellent however, if you are looking for a more intimate hotel, this is NOT the place for you. The Marquis is more of a convention style hotel, great for large gatherings. I've also stayed once at the Atlanta Marquis. From what I can tell, the hotels are identical; both have great service. The buildings alone are quite impressive and the security is good too, especially in NYC on New Year's Eve!(For Starbuck's lovers, there is a Starbucks located at street level but in the hotel's building and if you wanna book for New Year's Eve, do it at least 10-12 months in advance)  
<Date>Dec 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great base for seeing NYC Stayed in the Marriott Marquis, Nov. 17-20, 2004.Third trip to NYC for shows and shopping. Usally stay at Millineum Broadway but his time we stayed at Marriott. We really liked the rooms very clean and beds were very comfortable. Also for a big hotel we thought it was very quite at night. Street noise is almost zero. Only complaint is waiting for elevators. Great location close to many Broadway shows.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel My sis and I stayed here for 4 nites from 19th Nov. Can't really fault the place. Room was large and clean. Staff friendly and helpful, esp in the Encore. We only had a long wait once for lifts, but it was Sat nite around 6pm. Seems to be when people are going to shows or returning to hotel from a days shopping. Quicker to use escalators from lobby to ground floor and vice-versa. Hotel is in excellent location. Times Sq Alliance is across street, good place to get info. Sightseeing bus just a block up. This was our 1st time in NY and would stay here again..  
<Date>Nov 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>huge factory we stayed there from 31st october to 8th november (2 adults with 2 children ) to run the NY marathon. Great city will certainly visit again. NY is definitly a city to visit with your children (ours are aged 8 and 10) but be prepared to walk a lot - don't miss out on walking all along broadway - you'll see the city through all its different areas and oh so many cultures - just lovely. We never felt unsecure. The hotel is huge - does its thing but nothing more. Re the elevators : still long wait but fortunatly we only stayed on the 14th floor (room 1425) room was ok (changed from 1411 no problem to change) but friends who stayed on 45th floor had a much longer wait - use the escalators (but during our stay 2 of them broke down for 3 days ) to avoid the hassle from 8th to groundfloor; Perfectly located but we will never again stay in a hotel with so many rooms - hotel is not cosy it's a factory - convention hotel - but ok - staff did its job well.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our convention trip... We were there October 28th-November 1st for our National Convention and it was our first visit to New York and it couldn't get any better than this! We had a prime view of Times Square (Room 2335)-we were facing exactly where the New Years Eve ball drops (how I'd love to be back in that room at that time!!!). It was a double bed, very spacious with a nice bathroom. As others have stated, the location of this hotel is perfect for everything....I felt extremely safe. I'm a 38 yr old female and I would go down and walk alone through Times Square at midnight or 1:00 a.m. and never felt scared. I never wandered off to any of the side streets tho and there was always plenty of security or police in different areas. We ate at The View (courtesy of our company) and the view is spectacular! We didn't eat at any of the other restaurants, other than getting coffee at the bottom floor Starbucks. The staff of the hotel were nice tho not outstanding. We did have the same trouble as others have reported with the elevators. It was frustrating, especially when you had to be at a meeting by a certain time and had to spend considerable time waiting on the elevator. Most of our meetings were on the 6th and 7th floors and we learned after our meetings to take the escalator to the bottom floor and then catch the elevator from the bottom floor up. It seemed to cut down on the waiting and we didn't have to try and squeeze in with 25 or 30 other people!!! The elevators were a minor complaint tho...it wouldn't keep me from going back and staying there again. I would highly recommend this hotel to visitors, especially 1st time visitors to New York. Lots of variety of places to eat nearby-from the hot dog vendor to Olive Garden to McDonald's to TGI Fridays to bistros; plenty of Starbucks on almost every corner; there's the TKTS booth right down the street and after you get your discount ticket to that fabulous Broadway show, you can stroll over to visit the Naked Cowboy basically right outside your hotel...can it get any better than that??!!!LOL.....So grab a Jamba Juice and a cannolli pastry for me and enjoy your stay in, what I think, is the greatest city ever!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thamanrp
<Content>No Elevator Problem for me, average wait was about 30 seconds! With all the reviews, I was afraid of the elevator problem. We stayed from Oct 31 to Nov 2 and the most I had to wait on the elevator was 45 seconds! We stayed on 42nd floor so, I'm not sure if it make any difference. If you are staying there..there are elevators marked as lower floor (right side), to floor 27 I believe, and higher floor (28 and up) to the left. Most elevators marked with numbers and floor they are going to but you can also take elevator marked with letter with no floor assign to them. In my case I took M or N which are also going to high floor.We also stayed at Hilton NY for a night but I do like Marriott much better. Better location and it is very convenient to everything. We got a great price from Priceline so, don't go to other site to book it. I will definitely stay at Marriott Marquis again.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Holliday
<Content>A few problems Stayed at the Hotel from 17-22 October for a New York City Break. The first room we were placed in was 1559 which overlooked three massive extraction fans, we opened the curtains in the morning to a view of steam! - avoid this room at all costs.After complaining, we were moved to a Times Square view room but had to pay $60 a night for the upgrade. The new room (3419) was excellent, superb view and the room was rather spacious.The elevators were a huge problem, sometimes waits of up to 20mins were a common theme and everyone was talking about the elevators and the length of wait-time.The staff were pretty ok, but the hotel is huge and you sort of feel like a number than a guest.Didn't eat at the hotel but the bars were great for an after-show drink and were quite relaxing.The hotel is worth its 4 stars and the price we paid was well worth the money. The hotel was clean, if a little dated in places but was generally comfortable.I would stay here again, the elevators problem cannot go on for ever and the hotel is very popular with conferences and meetings, this seems to be hotel's main focus of income.The location is perfect, could not have found a better place to stay for location.Try it and see, its worth the price you pay for the location alone.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Have to agree with the others! Stayed at this hotel Oct 17-20, 2004. Got a great price via Priceline. I would have given the hotel 5 stars if not for the elevator problem. Perfect location, room large for NYC and very nicely furnished. But the elevator problem is frustrating. Waited 20 mins once, 8-10 mins the norm. When an elevator does arrive, it's completely packed and you have to squeeze in which is very uncomfortable and unpleasant. I would stay there again for the price I received.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, good hotel My wife and I stayed at the Marriott Marquis for three nights (October 15 to October 18). We had orginally requested a non-smoking room with a king sized bed. When we checked in there were no non-smoking king bed rooms available, so they offered a room with two double beds that had a prime view of Broadway and Times Square. We took their offer and had the greatest New York view we could hope for. The room and the hotel were spacious enough. The room was clean, the service was very good and the hotel was very nice. They have a new and modern fitness center. The hotel restaurants were good but too expensive.The location, however, absolutely cannot be beat. The hotel is smack in the middle of Times Square within easy walking distance of the Broadway theatres. The only issues were that the hotel rates were too high and, as others have noted, long elevator waits. You need to exercise a good degree of patience while waiting for the elevators. They take too long to get to your floor and when they do get to your floor, they tend to be packed with people.Overall, however, it was a good experience.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chicagotravelgirl
<Content>Deceptive Promises - Bad Place During the big electrical blackout last summer my professional organization had our conference at the Marquis. I was an officer at the time. The Marriott kicked us all out, made everyone sleep on the street. They allowed their guests staying in suites to stay in the hotel. Babies, elderly, handicapped, etc. all sleeping in Times Square. All of our speakers, members, and officers out on the street. To apologize, they sent all officers a letter for a free weekend stay until December 30, 2004. I called to ask about using it today and was told that I could not use it any weekend except for Christmas. I won't ever stay at the hotel. They have treated us with disrespect twice now.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful hotel to start our honeymoon We booked the Marriott Marquis on Priceline last January at a bargain $115 per night. Certain reviews of this hotel have been less than complimentary but we had a fabulous stay. I am aware that some hotels treat discounted stays with less than courteous respect, but this was definitely not the case here. I rang the hotel about a month before  asked that they note that we were a honeymoon couple (just in case - I am also a Marriott club member). Well, it paid off. The check-in supervisor upgraded us to a Junior Suite on the 12th floor (Room 1204)  the room was at least double the size of a standard hotel room. We had a view down 46th St all the way to the Hudson River  over to NJ. The location of the hotel cannot be faulted - right in the middle of Times Square, which seems to never shut down. We ate breakfast from Starbucks on the 8th floor most mornings  it was excellent. We didn't eat lunch or dinner in the hotel because there are so many other excellent places around (Les Halles, Sequoia  The Heartland Brewery come to mind). We did have a drink in the newly opened The View revolving restaurant  bar - prices would make you wince but the view is spectacular!Checkout was very smooth - a final account was left under our door at 8am  when we went to check out, there was a staff member at the express checkout counter who did the job in 10 seconds!Lifts... the longest we had to wait was 6 minutes  that was because there was a convention on  the delegates refused to use the escalators to get from the 6th to the 8th floor!Fab experience  I would be delighted to stay here again  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sjwendland
<Content>Okay, but fix the elevator problem! Spent the weekend of October 7th at the Marriot. The room was very nice, breakfast buffet was OK. Overall the New Yorkers were very friendly (except for the staff at the Marriot). The elevator condition was very annoying. They really need to do something about that. You could be waiting for 10 minutes by yourself and all of a sudden 20 people show up and if you are not standing by the one that opens you do not get on!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Elainecde
<Content>Nice Hotel The rooms are nice enough and the location is great, but the wait for an elevator can be excruciating.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ProvidenceJn
<Content>Great Room, Great Location, Poor Service Rooms are great, newly redecorated and surprisingly quite. Location is perfect to any venue in Times Square. Bring your wallet. Food prices are off the wall. Suggest restaurant located in Edison Hotel across the street - nothing fancy but breakfast and lunch prices are 70% less than Marriott. Service at Marriott very poor. At check in the individiual uttered barely 3 words. Asked concerige for assistance to get a package - you might have thought I asked for a trip to the moon. Leave early for any appointment you have scheduled. The wait for the elevator may be 5 to 10 mintues.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply Perfect We stayed at this hotel in December 2003. It was everything that we hoped for in a luxury hotel. The hotel itself is magnificent, and seems to just exude glamour and elegance.The room was beautiful, and comfortable, with an extraordinarily large bathroom.Location-wise: it's ON Times Square. Translation: Perfect.The restaurant over-looks Times Square, and serves some of the best cocktails that we've ever had. The front desk staff are not that sharp, unfortunately. Friendly, but not intuitive. Initially, we had mistakenly booked Le Marquis Hotel, thinking that it was the same as the Marriott Marquis...Travelers be warned, Le Marquis is a crap hotel in a terrible location, do not make the same mistake that we made...Special mention must be made about the elevators in Marriott Marquis. They are painfully slow, despite the fact that there are over a dozen elevators. Make sure to leave your room at least 10 minutes ahead of time, as the elevators can take as long as that before you catch one.Overall, this hotel was superb and we would not hesitate to stay there in the future.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic - Excellent 6 of us stayed at the Marriot for 10 nights from 8th to 18th Sept. '04. Absolutely fantastic. Do not have one complaint. We used the elevators at various times of the day and night and only once ever waitied more than 2-3 mins. even that was no more than 10 mins. Using the escalators from the eighth to ground floor also saved a lot of time. Maybe us Scots have a little more patience. Drinks in the Broadway lounge are expensive, but you are in New York, in a top hotel, in the centre of Time Square so it was no more than expected, and well worth every penny to enjoy the view. The staff were always friendly, the rooms very roomy, comfortable and spotless. Bedding, towels etc changed out every day. But best of all the location. For four of us it was our first trip to NY and it could not have been better, so much to see and do within a 30 minute walk of your front door - Central Park, Manhattan Cruise Ships, Intrepid Museum, Empire State Building, 5th Ave, Maceys, , St Patricks Cathedral and much much more. Anyone not happy here have either been very unlucky with their room or are very hard to please. Our only disappointment was the revolving roof top restaurant was closed for refurbishment and was only due to re-open the day we left, Oh well, we'll just have to come back and stay again. Would recommend to anyone Thank you Marriott.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel I stayed from 9/17 - 9/20 with my husband staying until 9/22 for a conference. We had asked for a king sized non-smoking upper level room and was told upon arrival that only doubles existed, but that we could be moved to a different room the next day, which was fine. Went to room and found that someone had been in the room prior to our arrival -- my guess is that someone technically checked out, but didn't leave the room as the bed was messy, glasses were left out, dirty towel in the bathroom, etc. Called the front desk and we were told we would be moved to a different room. The first room had a partial view of Times Square -- the second room was on the side of the building facing behind Times Square. The situation with the rooms is the only reason I did not rate it an excellent. The next morning I received a text message advising us to dial the At Your Service number between 3 and 7 pm for our new room. At this point, my husband was not in the mood to change rooms, but I am so glad we did. We ended up on the 40th floor in room 4036 which had an incredibly spectacular room. As a NY'er visiting NYC now as a tourist, I am seeing things for the first time through new eyes and the view literally was breathtaking. Yes, the hotel elevators leave a lot to be desired, but I have been in hotels with longer wait times. All staff were cordial and polite and that is what counts. Rooms were made up daily and the room with the king sized bed had a sofa, chair and ottoman, desk, armoire with TV, closet, safe, coffee maker and coffee supplies, and nice sized bathroom. In the hotel there are restaurants and bars, but you would be crazy not to leave the hotel and venture forth into the streets to find something that suits your palate. What I really liked about the hotel is that it has not one, but two Starbucks (one on the 8th floor - small, but does the job and one on the 1st floor - regular sized), a small store with typical and not so typical tourist items for sale as well as snacks, soda, and even ice cream, but beware -- they close at 10 pm. Internet connection in your room is something like $12.95 per day and if you have a wireless card, don't expect free WiFi as you'll be notified of the $9.95 daily charge. There is a business center near the front desk, which I did not use, but was told that you could access the Internet there (not sure if that means free or not). I love the location of this hotel and if you are trying to wow friends or family or if it is your first time visiting NY, stay here. NYC is a wonderful place to visit that is safe, clean, fun and exciting. Go past all of the tourist traps and do something fun during your stay -- you'll be glad you did!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best location! The location of this hotel is incredible. It is literally ON Times Square. All Broadway shows are within blocks. Subway station 2 blocks away. The rooms that overlook Times Square are bright all night but so fun, especially since there are sofas in the full length windows. This was my husband's 1st trip to NY and it couldn't have been a more fun or classy hotel.It had a sushi bar and lounge in the 40 story atrium and glass elevators to the top. Also a terrific hi-tech (personal video screens) workout gym with all the amenities you need while overlooking Times Square and beyond. Truly Awesome!!!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Marvelous Mariott Marquis What can i say fabulous,stay there for 3 nights in Nov o3 beatiful hotel,lovely rooms and wonderful helpful staff.In the heart of buzzing Times Square!so much so i have just booked the hotel again to stay in April 2005!New York is the most fantastic city ever and we cant wait to go back especially to the fabulous Marquis.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Checkin and elevator issues This hotel has gorgeous rooms and a great location.The problems come into play in management of the volume of people that stay at the hotel. We waited 1.5 hours to check in to the hotel. The GM wrote me and dismissed this problem saying the average wait time is 15 minutes. Be prepared to wait from 30 minutes to an hour if you arrive at the 3pm checkin time. The elevator issue is being fixed in the near future but for now be prepared to wait to get from the 8th floor lobby to street level.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dadsasdasd
<Content>Four stars Stayed there for four nights in September, there were some issues with the elevators but I never had to wait longer than few minutes. And the view during elevator trip (with glass walls) from lobby to my room on 36th floor were quite awesome! It's true that there are always plenty of people just outside the hotel, but I didn't find that as a major issue. If you don't like crowds, don't stay at Times Square... Room was OK, roomy enough for one person. Nothing special as such, but didn't have any problems with it.Express checkout via TV was a nice feature, as was the lobby bar with great views. I would happily stay there again!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel We got a room at the Marriott through Priceline for just a liitle over half of normal price. Had a great view of Times Square. Rooms were extremely nice and roomy. The service was superb, ordered some drinks to be delivered to the room and they were brought, poured, displayed very nice. We stayed one night before a cruise, approximately 4 days before the convention. Never once had a problem with the elevators. Would reccomend it very highly.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quite Nice We stayed here primarily because of the free nite with points. It is a nice hotel, with a super central location convenient to everything. The rooms appear to have been redone recently, nicer than we had expected, the king bed is great. We stayed over the Labor Day holiday and the place was packed. We had no problem with the elevators. I rated this above average, but keep in mind it is certainly not the top of line 4 star hotel in the city. We would return here, especially if the Broadway shows were the destination...and you do step right into Times Square from the hotel doorstep!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Convention Hell Used a free night here while in NYC and we got what we paid for. Rooms are ho-hum and location is top notch or horrific nightmare depending on what you are looking for. But half the elevators were not working and hotel was packed, which translated into schlepping up and down the stairs in lieu of the 15 minute wait for the elevator. Bell captain indicated that renovations were in progress. Also wasn't too keen that they had one made-to-order chef for 150+ people at a $22 breakfast buffet that touted its made-to-order service. Effective management seemed to be absent. Would never do it again.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect and beautiful We stayed at the Marquis for 5 nights...my daughter, 3 grandchildren and myself. I've never met so many kind people in one place. Everyone did everything to make our first visit to NYC perfect. The rumors of New Yorkers being rude is completely false and we can't wait to go back!From our first contact by phone (Paula) to our arrival (Cesar) to the front desk (Garnett) to the consierge (Patrick) to check out (Lourdes and David) to Mamuud at the valet desk. Your accommodations and staff are perfectly wonderful!The room was big enough for all of us, clean and neat. Beds comfortable and even the pillows were not typical of hotels...much fluffier! Thanks Marriott for our wonderful stay. We will be back! Please forgive any spelling errors in the names!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, friendly staff, wonderful view, spacious room I stayed at the Marriott Marquis NYC Times Square from July 31 - August 3. The location was superb, staff was very friendly, the room spacious, the view wonderful. The elevators were somewhat slow during busy periods, but I never had more than a 3-5 minute wait. I got the hotel on Priceline for $110 a night. Quite the deal!!! I highly recommend it!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CPAandMom
<Content>It was absolutely perfect!!! We stayed at the Marriott Marquis for four nights this past week... and absolutely loved it! Elevator waits? NOT a problem in the least! The location was perfect, the service was excellent, the room was extremely quiet, and the view was tremendous! We would definitely stay here the next time we are in NYC!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kofiko
<Content>Satisfied with the Marriott We stayed this past week-end while attending a conference. Efficient check in process, with a professional and polite staff. The room was spacious, and clean. We didn't have a very good outside view, but it was reasonably quiet at night. The bathroom was quite small, but they had a dressing area, equipped with a great hairdryer. I used the services of the concierge twice, and found them to be quite helpful in recommending and booking restaurants.The most annoying thing about this hotel was the long wait for elevators. I heard others complaining about this as well. Most likely, it was longer than usual because of the conference. The location is great if you want to be in the Theater district and don't mind the crowds when you walk out the door.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LKelleyFL
<Content>Nice Hotel-but the elevators S--K big time! Love NYC!! Great food, Great weather this past weekend and fab plays!! Thes hotel rooms are large compared to other NYC hotels and the bed and bathroom are beautiful. THe only major problem is those darned elevators-we waited 33 minutes for one Saturday night at 5:30 to go get dinner before a play-if you left at 7:15 expecting to get to an 8 pm play you would not make it. The hotel is not set up with enough elevators for the number of patrons. Engineering error on their part. This won't be changing. Oh well, If you can walk a large number of stairs you'll be OK or leave enought time before any event.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Frequent visitor-stayed again in 8/04-GREAT! Where to start? I have stayed at the Marriott Marquis many times participating at NYC conferences as an employee and as a tourist. The hotel has never failed me or my companions. This recent trip made me remember why I did not choose the Westin, The Edison or any other of the Times Square hotels nearby for a tour of NYC with my nieces.From the moment the bellman takes your bags, you are on the receiving end of top shelf service. Considering this hotel handles up to 2,000+ guests per day, I am amazed that every request is handled with smiles and total aplomb ;-). My nieces thought the bellman from Senegal was the best! Anthony? Anyway..he was their introduction to Marriott and I think they will never forget him. When we hailed a taxi later, they asked for his help specifically. A hit and a happy start for our visit. The rooms are huge by NYC standards offering very comfortable beds (fresh crisp sheets, three fluffy pillows on queen beds with leather headboards, thick foam mattresses) oversized windows with views, no noise temperature control, a desk and chair plus 2 extra chairs, multiple lighting choices, in-room entertainment systems with remote keyboards, wireless and fast access internet, granite and travertine baths with plenty of H20 force and consistent hot water, an iron, a REAL HAIRDRYER (not one of those in-wall substitutes) and thick sculted carpets and sun shielding draperies. The kids loved the remote board and the games plus new release movies.My nieces (11 and 14) had a blast riding the glass elevators and sitting at the glowing lobby sushi bar and adjacent lounge watching the massive TV outside the 8th floor windows. As a treat, I promised them room service...When we called downstairs, they asked for a special fruit plate without bananas, grapes, or strawberries. They wanted cheeses-three types to include something with blue streaks and sliced green and really red apples with bottled water, diet coke and pizza bites on bagels with extra cheese. I called with the special request and in 30 minutes, the team delivered exactly what they asked for! EXACTLY! RED apples, the blue cheeses, everything! Later, when only a latte would do, it was downstairs to the lobby for Starbucks. The only complaint about the  lounge was that it wasn't very busy, but it still took about 15 minutes for a server to approach us. Maybe the kids threw them off a bit, but we planned to have dessert there to watch the lights. The front desk staff were, as always, very pleasant. The concierge made travel arrangements for a private car post (Broadway) show as well as to the airport upon departure. She called for restaurant reservations and made appropriate recommendations for something cool for kids. The restaurant she chose was a three level mosaic inspired setting with a secret garden downstairs serving Italian food close to the theatre. Perfect. Just what we wanted.The proximity to Central Park and the shows, with easy access to Pier 83 ( a few blocks from hotel) for ferry rides and a huge marine ship tour with planes and a submarine (all hands on) couldn't be beat for the kids. A taxi to Chinatown and Little Italy will cost about $8-$10 including a tip, but subway access is very near the hotel also.The day we left, I called at 11:45 P.M. and asked that a bellman assist us around 6:25 am. At 6:19 a.m., the door knock came with a beaming and congenial helper standing outside. WOW!Check-out was a breeze through the T.V. or telephone extension and the USA Today outside my hotel door was perfect for the drive into LaGuardia.This hotel may have a f-e-w drawbacks... namely, prices (a Times Square room with a commanding view was $329-summer/weekend ), no mini-bar (for die-hards), mild waits for the elevators (during fuller capacity), BUT, there is ice and vending per floor, special discounts on rooms if you search and book early, a MARVELOUS FITNESS FACILITY and awesome staff throughout the entire hotel. When an 11 and 14 year old enter a professional work-out environment and they are greeted with we are so glad you are joining us! it almost takes your breath away. After we entered, there were 2 other parents arriving with teens and the kids were delighted to get headsets for the in-station T.V.'s and music. Not one person raised an eyebrow.Finally, for the team that never gets enough credit, maintenance and housekeeping are to be commended. The hotel is clean, the rooms are spotless, the water pressure good, security is alert and ready to help you upon request. Every morning, when we left the room, the housekeeper smiled at the kids and asked about their exciting yesterday. Yes, I am biased. If there is any competition to this hotel in Times Square, I'll try it. But for now, I remain an MM fan.Go Marriott Marquis! You are worth every penny, every time!Bridget RigdonAtlanta. Georgia  
<Date>Aug 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jrwalsh
<Content>perfect if you have patience Great location. Great price through Priceline. But be prepared for frustrating elevator waits. After the first day, we factored an extra 15 minutes into our plans for each elevator use. It's not that they don't stop often enough; it's just that they're crammed full when they do. Otherwise, a delightful stay.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>1st time in NYC-loved the Marriott Marquis We stayed here for two nights beginning July 31st. The location was perfect. We were minutes away from all sorts of activities and wonderful restaurants. We were also close to the subway. We found the staff to be extremely helpful and friendly. We would definitely stay at this location again. We waited no more than five minutes for an elevator and also were informed at check-in that the elevators were being worked on and not all would be in service. Again, a wonderful stay at a great place!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid this hotel during conferences The location.....perfect, right in the center of everything. The room.....not large but very quiet. The beds.....soooooo comfortable. The staff.....overall VERY helpful, efficient and courteous (except for the cold fish during check-in). The only reason I didn't give this hotel a 4 dot rating was the horrendous elevator wait time. We were there for a week, July 24-30, during a large conference. I am not exaggerating when I say we occasionally waited for 15-20 minutes for an elevator. On 3 occasions I gave up and walked to and from the 19th floor; no need to go to the Fitness Center to use the Stairmaster. To be fair, the problem usually occurred during rush hour, 8-10 a.m. and 5-7 p.m. If you are there during a convention, avoid using the elevators during those hours.Otherwise, a great place to stay!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Why would you pay $300? I don't know why you all paid $300 for the room in the first place, since I have stayed there for the past 4 years at $110/night on priceline with a view of Times Square every time. The Marriott Marquis is my favorite hotel in the world...the location and views are incredible, and the rooms are gorgeous and supposedly the biggest in NYC. I've stayed at almost all of the 4 stars in NYC...the Westin was right up there with the Marriott quality-wise, but nothing can beat the location of the Marriott Marquis!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>superb in every way Stayed at the marriot marquis for the 2nd Sept 11th anniversary.The staff, from bellhop, receptionist to cleaning staff were all very very helpful, courteous and polite.The room i was allocated was spacious, clean and very practical. It was also cleaned daily.The restaurant and bars in the hotel were also excellent, a bit pricey but very good.The hotel is bang in the middle of times square giving access to all tourist activities, shops and restaurantsAll in all this is a top class hotel that exceeded my expectations in every way  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CAG5563
<Content>Beautiful views from the Marriot Marquis We stayed at the Marriott Marquis for 2 nights in July 2004. We had booked a basic room for $300/night. When we got there, we asked if they had any upgrades available. We were given a room with an incredible view of Times Square on the 19th floor. I don't know what we would have gotten if we hadn't asked, but we were very pleased with our room. It was very clean and a good size. The hotel itself is VERY active. Maybe a little too active. They were having some problems with the elevators on the night we arrived and we had to wait about 15 minutes for an elevator to get to our room. I do think that they were working on the problem though.We also never got to see the revolving restaurant they are so famous for as it was being renovated.We spend very little time in the hotel itself, but as I had said earlier, we did enjoy our view every night as we unwound from the day.Our room was straightened up nicely every morning, but beyond that, you don't get much else in your room. (We had just come from a hotel where we had all kinds of complimentary services in our room...).Overall, I would recommend the Marriott Marquis to anyone who wants to be in the center of the action. It is a fun place to stay while in NYC.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a fantastic hotel This hotel was great. After having a bad experienceat another hotel which is owned by the marriott inthe caribbean(Rennisance Grande)which is by the way a dump, Please do not go by the great reviews of that hotel it was horrible.I have stayed in many hotels and this marriott was the best, right in Times Sq. clean, beautiful new furniture,  wonderful service from the staff. The elevators are not slowlike some of the reviews, this is a large hotel and believe me you want to wait for an elevator go to the Rennisance Jamaica grande in Jamaica you'llwait for an elevator forever. My husband and iand our two children stayed in the Marriott fromJuly 13 until the 16th 2004 and there was a dancetroop there and you would never know it the hotel is very organized and kept them together on floorsaway from other guests and it was great there had to be about 500 or better girls there and like i said before you would never know it very quiet hotel as for the reviewer before me about the street noise this is New York not Denver Co. Being a New Yorker myself for many years it comes with the territory,the city never sleeps. And as far as getting directions to ground zero well that is just morbid and most New Yorkers who went through 9/11 don't go down there to gawk so i would not get all fired up over the hotel staff not knowing direction for that. When we needed help with some type of directions they knew how to get us there. Just go you will love the Marriott.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>seetheworld25
<Content>Good Location, Not Worth Your Money We stayed at the Marquis in March, 2004. We were amazed at the great location of the hotel- we walked out and we were on Times Square. Plus we got there and there were no standard rooms left, so they upgraded us for free to a Times Square view. But overall, the hotel is not worth your money. You are paying for the location and that's pretty much it. The rooms are nothing special, they're just average, standard sized rooms. We were on the 42nd floor, but we could still hear the street sounds which was annoying when we were trying to fall asleep. The elevators take forever to get, so plan on allowing 15-20 minutes extra just to catch one. The staff was very unhelpful and not incredibly friendly. We asked the concierge about how to get to Ground Zero and it took her 20 minutes to first of all find the map and then figure out herself how to explain to us how to get there. You'd think that was a pretty common question! But it did have a great fitness room with floor to ceiling windows overlooking Times Square and it had a great restaurant/lounge at the top of the hotel that overlooked all of New York's skyline. I would probably stay there again if I got a good deal, but I definately would not pay $300 a night again.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>minijeanie
<Content>location,location,location love,love the marquis. have stayed there twice. first time in jan. 2003 and then again june 2004. took my daughter there in 2003 for 13th birthday and she loved it. rooms are big(bigger than most in city) and quiet and very clean.. staff is very professional and nice. will admit though that I found the bellhops quite indifferent to women, especially women with children. I was a little miffed when we kept getting overlooked, and wound up taking my own luggage to check in. Don't miss giong to the o 50th floor(i believe) where there is a restaurant which rotates slowly. takes one hour to make complete turn. view is fantastic. you can go up there for just a drink as well. as of june, they were renovating this floor so not sure if restaurant is open yet. restaurants not worth the price. and quite honestly, there are too many good places to eat in the city so I would avoid getting food there. However, it is a great place for a nightcap or just to sit and relax and people watch.going back again in December to view the tree and do radio city music hall. I fyou want to be in the center of it all, stay at the Marquis, you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelingkinkc
<Content>Magnificent We had a wonderful stay at this hotel. I was initially concerned from reading reviews regarding slow elevators and rooms needing renovations. We stayed on the 39th floor in a beautiful room with 2 double beds overlooking the river. The room was very clean, nicely furnished, and quiet. The bedding was fabulous. We had no problems with the elevators, and used the escalators a few times. The service over the phone, in the lobby, concierge, and bellstand was excellent. We did not eat at any of the restaurants in the hotel. The gift shop was nice, and we found a few good bargains using the coupon given at check-in. Took a chance going through priceline, but was definitely pleased plus saved half price from the regular deluxe rate. Would love to stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very impressed Checked in Friday July 2nd, checking out today July 5th. Very impressed with the Marriott the best dollar for dollar hotel you can stay in Time Square. The hotel is huge, staff very helpful and courteous my only complaint was the $45.00 dollar a day parking. But hey that's New York City. I will be back. The city is electrifying at night and your in the middle of it staying here.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>audreyport2001
<Content>Terrific Came in for 24 hours on business. Charming man at the check-in. Put me in a Times Square view room--terrific! quiet...the bed was huge and plush..I was in heaven! And when I checked out, the bell captain asked me if everything was okay and if I needed anything. Superior service....and a bell captain on the elevator saw me with my bag and immediately asked me if I needed to check it...He somehow knew I had checked out and didn't have a flight until late that night. I can't say enough--very conscientious staff. Ask to stay on the North side view of the hotel and you'll see Times Square..  
<Date>Jul 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Marriott Marquis -- Loved the room, had a wonderful stay! This was my first trip to New York, and I was very happy with the Marriott Marquis!!! I understand the other review that compared the hotel to a shopping mall. The lobby and restaurant areas were very generic and the food was overpriced. I would just stay away from the restaurants, which are all grouped together in a glorified food court setting, with no dividing walls. (This is not apparent from the advertisements for the hotel.) I had one meal there and the food was served very cold, not at all tasty, and it cost a fortune. But my room was just fantastic, nicely appointed, clean as a whistle, and with a wonderful view of the Hudson river. It was the most quiet hotel room I have ever stayed in, anywhere, and I'm kind of fussy about that. Like an oasis above the excitement of Times Square. A real treat!! They must have sound-proof walls and ceilings -- it was amazing! The staff was very professional and helpful and I would go back and stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>PokrChick
<Content>Absolutely loved this hotel! We had 7 rooms and from the moment we checked in, we couldn't have been happier. We stayed here two nights, post cruise, which meant we arrived at the hotel around 10:00. Only one of our rooms was ready so, at our request, they piled all of our luggage in that one room. All the other rooms were ready by noon. We got this hotel through Priceline, and there was never any mention of that. The front desk was extremely accommodating with room requests and, even though the hotel was full, they managed to get all 7 of our rooms close to each other on the 34th floor.I've seen complaints about the elevators here, but we never had a problem - I think the longest wait was no more than 2 minutes. The hotel is beautiful, the rooms impressive and the staff wonderful. We all walked away saying it was the best hotel we have ever stayed in!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lees515
<Content>over the top! I stayed for 2 nights. The one good thing is that the staff is genuinely nice, esp. given the total chaos, noise, long lines, etc. The rooms are fairly big for NYC, but generic. The bad: the elevators are extremely sloooowww! I waited 8 minutes at one point for an elevator to go two floors. Apparently, they are installing new ones, but in the meantime, it's a real problem. The hotel itself was not for me: too big, too many people, too loud, too chaotic. A constant din in the hallways! Many, many tourists, and you have to wait for everything. Good if you like feeling in the center of everthing, esp. if you like being right in Times Square. Otherwise, I'd go elsewhere, esp. for the $$.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SandyCA
<Content>Marquis felt like I was staying in a large shopping mall Just stayed at the Marquis, it is very large, too big for my liking. I felt I was staying in a large shopping mall. It was clean nice views of time square. I didn't care for time square, dirty, touristy My teenage son loved it. He got all hyped up like he was in a Giant Video game. Good location if you like time square. I also stayed at the Waldorf and I prefered it, much more intimate and nicer area. My teenager also liked the Waldorf.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You will love it, we did! The Marriott Marquis was fantastic! When we arrived we were amazed at how large this hotel is! It is beautiful and easy to navigate. We went to the 8th floor lobby and were checked in immediately by a very friendly clerk. He upgraded our room to a times square view and put us on the highest floor possible. Also, we checked in at 1pm and were given our room right away. Our room was amazing! Very large for NYC or anywhere for that matter! The bed was large and comfortable, there was a chair and sofa, a dresser and armoir and loads of additional space. Everything was brand new and the view was amazing! We overlooked times square from 37 stories up! You can't get better then that :o) The elevators were fast and fun. We had no problems trying to catch one. The maid service was great. Everything was cleaned and replensihed everyday for 4 days. We had no problems at all. The concierge was a huge help! They made reservations for us, gave us directions and helped us use the subway. Very friendly as well. Check-out was a breeze. We pre-paid for the room so all we had to do was call the front desk and tell them that we were leaving. The location of this hotel is perfect. You can walk or take the subway anywhere! It is located in the theater district so broadway shows are just around the corner. Also, the TKTS booth is right in front of the hotel so 1/2 price tickets are just steps away. Fantastic hotel, great service, easy and convienient! I can't wait to return.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mme_X
<Content>Great location for theater, mid-town Spacious, spotless rooms. Great location for going to the theater, lost of area restaurants, short walk to Fifth Avenue shopping. The hotel's lounges and restaurants are pretty good and reasonably priced for a NYC Times Square location. Stayed here during the coldest January in memory -- it was SOOO nice to have a very short walk to the theaters, and didn't even need to go outside for a show at the Marquis theater.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best hotel in New York City!!! My friends and I stayed at the Marriott Marquis in New York city on June 16, 2004. I travel often and I have stayed in many hotels from around the world. However, this hotel was by far the best hotel I have ever stayed at! First of all the location is unbelievable, it is in the middle of times square. Check in was very smooth and quick! We stayed in room 3522, and WOW what a view!! The room was so clean and newly updated. The bed was so comfortable that I did not want to get out of it! Every one was so nice and helpful. This hotel is a exspensive, but it was so worth it. Spend the extra to stay here and you will not be disapointed. Infact I will never stay at another hotel again if I visit NY. This is the place to stay!   
<Date>Jun 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nothing extraordinary I satayed at this hotel from 04/07/04 - 04/11/04. With the roon number 2954.The hotel location is great. May be the best in NYC.Views were very nice from my room.At my arrived no bell boy helped me with my things. I had to pick them up to the front desk, and then to my room.Service is the most impersonal I have ever seen. I had to wait up to 15 minutes to take an elevator to my room or to the lobby. Many rooms for that elevators. Food at the Encore Cafe nothing extraordinary, justa average. International long distance calls, just out of this planet : $21.93 dollars on a 4 or 5 minute call to Mexico City   
<Date>Jun 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>esther79
<Content>the marriott marquis was great!! I took my mom to New York for her Mother's Day, Birthday and Christmas present. Since it was for my mom I wanted the trip to be extra special! We stayed at the Marriott Marquis in Times Square. The hotel was Great!! Definitely worth the money. The beds were more comfortable than my bed at home and it was right in the middle of all the action, but because they had a pull thru driveway it allowed a little shelter before going out into the craziness of times square. It was rather intimidating at first because the check in is on the 8th floor and the elevators can be rather chaotic during rush hour in the hotel, which we noticed was right around 4pm and 10:30 pm. We also ate at Tavern on the green, that place is way over rated. Go there to see it, but i wouldn't reccomend eating there. And we also did the greyline bus tour, the all loops tour, which was worth EVERY penny!!   
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time in NYC! The Marquis is a great large hotel. Our room was superb. Newly renovated and very comfortable. We had a room on the 40th floor with superb views of Times Square. Only drawback -- long elevator waits!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tombstonemarshal
<Content>Near Perfection! We had the distinct pleasure of staying at the Marriott Marquis last month. What a wonderful hotel! It's a big, hustle-bustle hotel, a microcosm of the city itself. The room we stayed in was large, immaculate, and comfortable. We looked out directly on Times Square, the crossroads of the world. The staff is energetic, attentive, and professional. What more could you ask? The location is superb. One can walk everywhere, and indeed we did enjoy walks to Central Park, Fifth Avenue and Union Square. The food in the coffee shop is delicious and fairly priced. The dinner buffet is a particular bargain for a quick relatively inexpensive meal before the theatre. We experienced none of the famous elevator problems that other Tripadvisor reviewers have noted, although we were at the hotel on what appeared to be a fairly slow weekend for New York. To the extent a $200 a night hotel room can ever be a bargain, the Marriott Marquis certainly qualifies.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jcincle
<Content>Great Time at the Marriott Marquis First time staying at a hotel in NYC, excellent location. First time booking a hotel not using its own website and I must say we got a GREAT deal for the Memorial Weekend. Staff was very nice to all of us. Best thing was having a Starbucks at the lobby and being able to walk right into the middle of Time Square. Most of attractions were walking distance.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ellencd
<Content>THE place to stay in NYC!!! We stayed in the Marriott Marquis from May 28 - June 1. It's truly the best place to stay in NYC. The rooms are really nice and spacious and very quiet considering you're in the center of it all. Service is excellent. Location is just unbeatable! Walking distance to almost everywhere! The fitness center that overlooks Times Square has to be the best one compared to all other hotels and even resorts that I've been to. The wait for the elevators is not bad at all. And my toddler loved getting on them because they take off fast and she loved being able to see through the glass.If you have a toddler like us and not want to worry about where to go for breakfast, the buffet in Encore is really good even if it's $20 each, but a lot cheaper for kids. Trust me, it's a lot better than the Howard Johnson breakfast next door which we tried on the first day and I have to say, we're definitely not going back there again. If you want to be really cheap and quick in the morning, McDonalds is right across the road.The hotel has good security. Even though Times Square is packed esp. on a holiday weekend, we felt safe walking outside. There are NYPD officers in almost every corner. And you have to be in Times Square at night because the lights are just so amazing to see.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous hotel I stayed at this hotel last July 2003 with my mom and sister to celebrate my birthday new york style. As soon as I walked into the building, I knew that the money I spent was well worth it. It is luxurious and our room was comfortable with nice furniture and the bonus was the awesome view of times square! The room was well cleaned daily and room service was pretty good too. Over all it was a really nice place to stay.  
<Date>May 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tycruz
<Content>Marriott Marquis New York Stayed @ the Marriott Marquis May 19- thru May 24. Loved it. Great view of Times Square. Perfect Location and great concierge services. Elevators continue to be a problem. I am amazed that they can't solve the elevator problem! Waiting is not fun when in a hurry, otherwise fine. The View Restaurant closed for remodeling. Exciting place to stay. service above average. would and will stay there again.  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CentaurNC
<Content>Loved the Marquis! We went to New York for our first trip. A friend had recommended the Marquis and we took his advice. I looked on this site and got further advice before I booked . We had a room on the 25th floor and I could not have asked for more!! I looked down into Times Square--what a great place to stay for my first trip to the city. As stated, the elevators were a little slow, but I don't think the waits were too bad. The location of the hotel was right in the middle of the theatre district, the TKTS Booth was right outside the door (I could see it from my window), and there were restaurants all over the place. I know there are many places to stay in NYC, but I will only stay here.  
<Date>May 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a view - Checked in late on a Sun. night. Got a great price from priceline. After I booked the room I called the hotel and asked for a non smoking room with one king bed - no problem. When I checked in, asked if they could give me a room with a view. No problem. Got to the room, 34th floor - WOW!!! Opened the curtains and I'm looking at Broadway. Other reviews have said that this hotel is great for it's location. True. You're in the heart of it all. And from here a taxi ride uptown is not more than $10 including tip. Stay here if you want to be in the heart of it all. Thanks trip advisor.  
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Star-Studded Marquis This place was the best! It was located RIGHT ON Times Square, across from MTV studios. The Marriott sign is visible from about 6 blocks away, so you'll never get lost, and all the New Yorkers know where it is. The rooms are also very sufficient, and it is possible to get a good deal on the rooms. The glass-domed fitness center looks so great that it makes you actually want to exercise. It is a must stay for people who love star watching. when i stayed here, i saw Beyonce, Jay-z, The Queer Eye Guys and Puff Daddy! There's always some convention or awards ceremony, or after-awards party held here. Also, there is a conveniently located Starbucks in the lobby. All major attractions very VERY walkable. Excellent for people who love flashy lights and activities (this area doesn't sleep), but if you're looking for the quiet, quirky, bohemian lifestyle, you're better off in Greenwich Village.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OzTraveller20
<Content>Had a great time at the Marriott Marquis Just returned from spending 7 nights at the Marriott Marquis New York. I was there with my sister and we were impressed with the room. The room was very large (we had requested a room with 2 double beds). The quality of the room exceeded our expectations. The bathroom was lovely with granite benchtops. The Hotel fitness centre was amazing. The staff were very friendly. There was a small wait for the elevator at times but this was a very minor issue that did not impact on the enjoyment of our visit. Hotel security was excellent.The only disappointing thing about the hotel is that the room service food was awful - please save your money and do not order it. On the other hand I had a couple of buffet breakfasts at Encore, the hotel's restaurant and the buffet breakfast was great although expensive at $22 bucks for the hot buffet breakfast. Another gripe is that we made a 4 SECOND call from the hotel room to New Zealand and were charged US $17!!! For a 4 second call!! What a rip off - do not make any international calls from the hotel room unless your company is paying for it.Another thing that annoyed me is that the room did not have a bar fridge that you could put anything in. It came with a stocked fridge-type minibar but it was one of those vending machine type minibars where you couldn't put a drink or food or fruit of your own in the fridge. As we wanted to save money by making our own breakfasts in room this was a bit annoying. The hotel said that if we wanted a fridge for the duration of our stay we could have one installed for $25 dollars. We elected not to do this.For those people wanting to spend about US $215 a night I would highly recommend the Marriott Marquis. Our stay there was very pleasant. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>had a blast at Marriott Marquis Marriott Marquis New York is a very nice hotel to stay at! Perfect location-Time square is the best place to stay especially if its your first time to NY. Great restaurant inside the hotel! My favorite was The View. Its on top of the hotel and it rotates around so you see the whole city! Rooms were nice and the hotel was very big but was still very busy! I guess a lot of people feel the same as i do!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location Stayed at the Marriott Marquis for 6 nights with two children. Had absolutely no problems. This is a big and busy hotel with lots of parties, meetings and conventions. We were entertained by all the hustle. Elevators were a little slow but acceptable. There are two Starbucks, one in the building and one downstairs which was very convenient. Great location near restaurants, plenty of security. Must confirm your reservation to assure a room, I heard that sometimes they overbook and send customers to other hotels.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Location in New York! Great Hotel! My friend and I just returned from our 2nd stay at the Marriott Marquis (3 nights - Thurs March 25th thru Sunday March 28th). We also stayed there in 2003 for 3 nights in February. I love this hotel. It is close to everything in Times Square - especially for theater going. I've been very happy with the service and have had no problems. Staff is friendly and courteous. The hotel has good security and is in a safe location. Both rooms have been very large for New York City and have had great views (one faced South and one faced North). The room we stayed in this year was on the 42nd floor. It was not yet rennovated, but was nice nonetheless. The rennovators were up to the 36th  37th floors (all the floors below are completed). I snuck a peak at a rennovated room and thought they were nicely decorated and the bathrooms are much more attractive. All rennovations should be completed by mid-summer 2004. Our rate was $239 a night, which was about average for the nicer Times Square area hotels. This stay was during peak Spring-Break time, too.  We had no trouble checking in. We arrived around 12:30pm on a Thursday, so we were early for the standard check-in time of 3pm. Our room wasn't yet ready, so we checked our bags and went to lunch at Roxy's Deli next door. We came back at 2pm and our room was ready. Throughout our stay, I could see that there are definitely busier times for checking in where wait times could be long. Checkout is easy using the phone or TV. We requested a late checkout on Sunday (1pm instead of Noon). We checked out bags again and came back around 5pm to pick them up. No problems or delays.  The elevators are fast. During peak times, there can be a 5-10 minute wait to get one, but most times, we waited 2-3 minutes max. We also had no trouble using the high-speed Internet connection (which is $12.95 a day).  I have reservations to go back to the Marriott Marquis in late May 2004 with my mom. Last time I took her to NYC in early 2001, we stayed at a small hotel on 58th street near Columbus Circle. It had tiny rooms with tiny twin beds (about 18 apart and one pressed against the wall), a crampt little bathroom with a pedestal sink with no counter space, and a small window with no view but the wall of the building next door a few feet away. All that for the bargain price of $179 a nite! I'll never take my chances again on an unknown hotel again.  I highly recommend the Marriott Marquis.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FortLaudtraveler
<Content>Great Hotel, Location and Service I had always wanted to stay at the Marriott Marquis for a while, but it was a bit pricey. I shopped around for a good price and read all the reviews and decided to go for it. I stayed there March 27, 2004. Let me tell this hotel is great. The fitness center is amazing and I have never seen a free fitness center of that quality. I would highly recommend staying at this hotel. The rooms were great. I had a Times Square room (free upgrade) and it was great. The elevators are stilll a problem, but they are working on the solution and I am sure we will see improvements. If you have a chance to stay here.. I would recommend it highly!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Rooms - ----- Service Had reservations, but there were no rooms. They told us they would book us at the Penn, which is a third rate fleabag hotel accross the street from Madison Square Garden, not even in the Times Square Area. The room was like a coffin, filthy. A $300.00 a night hotel offers to put us up in a room in a hotel that costs $89.00 a night. Worse, the hotel lied to us and told us the hotel we were being booked at was a $250.00 a night hotel. Needless to say, we are beyond disappointed with the Mariot corporation.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel...in the heart of NYC! I went to fabulous New York City for the very first time in December 2003, and this was the hotel I stayed in. GREAT location-in the heart of Times Square! Also-49 Floors, a couple of inside restaurants, and it's very own theatre for Thoroughly Modern Millie! I thought that it was a VERY nice hotel and the only problems we had were the elevators. The lines were slow but we didn't wait any longer than 5 or 10 minutes (usually not even that long). It is a big hotel so you should expect to wait in some lines. If you have plans, just leave a couple of minutes early to keep yourself on schedule! You should have no problems if you leave early! Just check when you check in for the fire escapes if you are nervous about the elevators or if you find yourself in a case of an emergency! But if you stay here, I promise that you'll enjoy it! Oh, the peanuts that you can get in the bar on the 8th floor are GOOD! Try some! I am going back in early April 2004, and unfortunately I have to stay somewhere else! :( I Hope you stay here, you won't regret it! I had a wonderful time at the Marriott Marquis New York! :)  
<Date>Mar 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel with only a few problems Stayed for 5 days beginning on a Sunday. The elevators did take a long time (10minutes or so) but check in was easy. They accommodated my requests and allowed me to check in at noon. Other than check in day never had to wait more than a minute or two for an elevator.I was given room 1709. Room was very large for NYC. I had to call several times about the high speed internet not working. They tried to fix it and finally offered me another room. I was annoyed but moved to room #2Room #2: I walked in and walked right back it. It was very small. It had adjoining doors on both sides of the room, almost like it was the bedroom of a suite. No way! I told the front desk that I would not stay there. I don't remember the room # :-(Room #3: 2041 Great room. Was very large, even for a non NYC hotel, and had a partial view of the Empire State Building.The only other negative is that the restaurants closed at 8pm because they were slow one night. Room service was the only option in the hotel that night. The Starbucks in the lobby also closed early every night I was there.I will definitely stay there again. Though there were a couple of problems still loved the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel I guess Very nice hotel. Stayed there a while back. We were on the 26th floor, which was one of the newly renovated floors. Loved the atrium, it was so cool. Guest rooms were so nice, I loved the decoration. Next time, I will book a room on a lower floor (10-29), so I will be GUARENTEED a renovated room. Try to saty there again.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>4 Star Rates Lobby, Elevators but not even 3 Star Rooms I was extremely disappointed with the Marriott Marquis Times Square, expecting it to be as nice or nicer than the Atlanta Marriott Marquis. Aside from a spectacular lobby and elevator set up, the room was extremely small, no notable extras to justify rate. It could have been any room in a 2 or 3 star motel/hotel if it wasn't for the view. The staff was nice and courteous until checkout. Checkout was by noon and we were waiting in line by 11:30. At 11:45, we were still waiting when we were told that we had to move to another floor, that a celebrity was checking in and needed the lobby clear. Mr. Timberlake took his good ol' time checking in and we were not allowed back in the lobby until after noon. And the hotel had the nerve to charge us for late check out. I and many other hotel guests had to argue with the staff that due to their security measures and special treatment to one guest, we could not check out on time. I had to finally send a letter to Marriott's corporate to get my late fee refunded.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great room, Great location I was a little nervous about the whole elevator situation I had read about, but my wife and I never had to wait more than a couple of minutes even during some of the busiest times. Our room was on the 22nd floor and was remodeled so it was very nice and comfortable. The beds were a little squishy but felt great after walking around the city all day.The hotel is right smack dab in the middle of Times Square so you can't beat the location. Its less than a 10 minute walk to Rockafeller Center, 2 minute walk to the subway, less than 5 minute walk to most Broadway shows, and great dining choices all around. We had a great experience and would definitely stay at the Marriott Marquis again.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Stay! Stayed at the Marriott Marquis from Jan. 21 thru Jan. 26. This was my first stay at this hotel and I booked through Priceline. The hotel was great. I requested rooms on a lower floor and was put on the 16th floor. Our rooms were recently renovated and very nice. I believe that rooms somewhere near the 25th floor and down have been renovated. I had read all the horror stories about the elevators, but had no problems with them at all. The most we ever waited was maybe three or four minutes. We ate the appetizer and dessert buffet at The View on top one night before the theater. It was very good. It was a little crowded, so go early if you are going to the theater. I hope to get this hotel again. It was a great trip.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Expecting More . . . Having to stay here for a business event (we prefer smaller hotels), we thought the 'big city' fun of being in Times Square would be a nice change. We had a good view, and the hotel staff was helpful in organizing our multi-room reservation. We unfortunately were on the 34th floor--four floors above the newly remodeled rooms. When the other rooms had new furnature and decor, we were stuck in circa-1988; other rooms had new down duvets, we had a hotel standard blanket between two sheets. Housekeeping forgot to replace the bath towels after the first day, so it was drying off with washcloths while waiting for towels to arrive after already showering. And of all places--the lights and video advertising capitol of the world--our room blew a fuse when the iron and the hairdryer were plugged in! ALl our power went off and then it too 30 minutes for a hotel employee to come to our room to verify that we had no power. One radio call and the fuse was fixed--but why not fix the fuse on our report of it? To top things off, there wasn't a fan in the bathroom-so what ever happened in there stayed in there for a while . . . . ughhh! Hopefully they will address these problems for future guests. In the meantime, demand a room on a remodeled floor, or request a deeply discounted rate. It just wasn't right that we had to pay the same, if not more for rooms this outdated and used up.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really enjoyed this hotel! My mom and I returned from our first 4 day trip to New York City right before Christmas. The New York Marriott Marquis was a big part of what made our stay such an amazing and unforgettable experience. We stayed on the 17th floor and did not experience any problems with the elevators at all. The room was very spacious, the pillows were oh-so-soft. The bathroom looked very elegant and was constantly stocked with the toiletries we needed. The location was absolutely wonderful! Right smack in the middle of Times Square! We didn't go to any restaurants there, I'm sure they would have been pretty pricy, but we did enjoy the musical, Thoroughly Modern Millie, in the Marquis Theatre, right in the hotel. We went to Broadway website and bought a 4 night stay with 2 tickets to Hairspray for about $1250 total. We only had to pay $8 at the end of our stay to cover the towels that the maids replenished each day. I would definitely recommend this hotel because of the location, and the spacious, comfortable rooms and I will definitely try to stay there again on my next trip!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What's up with the Elevators Stayed during mid December 2003. City was packed with Christmas visitors. Second stay at the Marriott and it will be the last until they solve their elevator problems. 15-20 minute wait minimum for upward rides, 20+ for down rides. Hotel location excellent though. Right in the middle of the action. But for $350/night I expect less hassle just getting to and from my room.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location is excellent I visited for the weekend. The location is excellent, and the best part of the Marriott. Check-in was difficult. I requested non-smoking room, and there were none available at check in. It was well after five. I took the smoking room. The desk clerk advised me that they were clean, and really didn't smell. I was in for a rude awakening. Not only did the room and the linens smell, but I had a headache for the weekend, and the stench of smoke was all over are clothes. The room accomodations were unsatisfactory. The elevator is a whole new adventure.... give yourself at least a half hour to get on an elevator there. The elevator situation is insane. They offer no expanation at the Marriott. My rate is a thumbs down!!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TJMexico
<Content>Incredible; info on elevators My daughter and I just returned from a wonderful trip to NYC in December, 2003. This is the best location in the theater district/Times Square area.As to the elevators, they are replacing them with state of the art elevators so this problem should be over with soon. My take on this problem is that they only have about 1/3 of the elevators available to the guests. This should speed up the installation of the new ones but it is hell on the guests at the present time.We stayed on the top floor, 45th, and once we got an elevator going down, it stopped at nearly every floor even though it was filled. This just delayed the trip down. It is express from 23 or so down but it was still frustrating.Going up from the lobby (on 8th floor) or from the street level, it is a dogfight just to get on as people just walk around you to cut in front of you. It was frustrating but still a wonderful stay.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lights, big city, elevators. Just returned from New York, and spent three nights here right after new year's.It is a massive hotel, and it is very clean and nicely polished. The location is impressive, if you like being constantly surrounded by tourists and crowds. Personally, I preferred being more downtown near Soho.The room was awesome - very large. The beds were comfy and the bathroom very clean. It was a very comfortable room. The elevators were a bit of a pain - very annoying at times because of the crowds of people going to the theater or going to the View lounge. This is why I did not like staying right in Times Square.We did not experience too much of a wait, no more than 5 minutes really. But we took the escalators if we were getting too impatient to avoid the 1-8 floor crowd.My favourite aspect of this hotel is it's 24 hour fitness center over looking Times Square. The machines are state of the art - and the view is great. I would stay there again just to work out! This hotel was fairly inexpensive - just use a bid your own price service to get a more reasonable rate.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bluefield
<Content>Marriott wonderful location - elevators??? My family and I just returned from MYC and the Marriott Marquis. Everyone associated with the hotel is very friendly, but in the lounge area, understaffed. The elevators? I read the reviews and you get mixed comments from the staff. Be ready to wait at least 20 minutes to get on the elevator and be prepared to stop at every floor if you are in an upper room. If you are a family checking in or out, be prepared to take separate elevators if you carry your luggage. The location of the Marquis is excellent and the staff very accomodating!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel - Bad Elevators Nice Hotel except real bad elevator service at check-out time. I couldn't believe it when one of the hotel employees told me with a straigh face to take escalators from the eighth to the ground floor.It amazes me that Marriott Corporation lets this exist.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will NOT Stay At The Marriott Again! The Marriott Marquis is indisputedly in the BEST possible location from a tourist point of view, and perhaps it is often overcrowded for that very reason. Our stay for the weekend of November 15-16, '03 was spoiled by the worst elevator lines we have ever seen. Then ... the service at the Concierge, restaurants and lounges was sllllllower than molasses! At the Atrium lounge, we ordered 2 Chardonnays, and then I decided no, get us a bottle, as I expectd the waitress wouldn't be seen for another 3/4 hour for a refill. The bottle of wine arrived in 1/2 hour but was not chilled well. The waitress offered to get a bucket of ice for the wine, and we thanked her. By the time the ice arrived (40 minutes), we suggested to the waiter to put the empty wine bottle into the ice bucket! It gets worse, but The bottom line here is that it was NOT the fault of the waitstaff, I believe that management is keeping the place understaffed. Not very good when you are paying an arm and a leg for their product and services, and are trying to work a lot of sightseeing/shows/etc. into your limited stay!Oh, by the way, room service (for breakfast at least) was fantastic!!My two cents worth,Russ Pratt  
<Date>Nov 30, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Marquis elevators not a problem GREAT STAY! My fiance and I stayed and the NYC Marriott Marquis in November of 2003. I would say that our stay was wonderful. When it comes to the elevator issue, the guests are forwarned about the issues with the elevators, we had no problem. We didn't have to wait any longer than what would be consider normal. We stayed on the concierge level (29th floor) and I will say that we had excellent service from the concierge, namely Charlie Giordano. The location was excellent and the service we got from all of the hotel staff was wonderful. If you want to stay at a hotel that is the middle of everything, this is THE place. The only thing I would say was a bit disappointing was, for the price, we would have liked a larger room. Otherwise I would give the Marriott Marquis 2 thumbs up  
<Date>Nov 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very crowded The elevator was slow and crowded but not too bad. In general the hotel was very crowded. I tried their Japanese menu at their restaurant/Bar and was greatly disappointed - expensive, slow, and not good.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not worth the money! Stayed here November, 2003---terrible experience. The first morning, I woke up, went to the bathroom and discovered there was no water coming out of the faucet. I called the desk and they informed me they were having an emergency--but told me it would be several hours before the water would be turned back on! The elevators take an extremely long time to arrive during peak periods. Also, there was just far too many people around. It's good for a hotel to be busy, but it seemed like the Marriott was over-crowded and staff had difficulty dealing with it. Not worth the money at all!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Serious elevator problems! Stayed at the Marriott Marquis in October, 2003. The room was fine, great view, but I had trouble getting to my room or back down to the lobby because it meant at least a 5-10 minute wait for an elevator each time. Several elevators were not operational, and when one would finally come it would be packed with people. Really put a damper on my stay there!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sworl
<Content>Beautiful We stayed at the Marriott Marquis at the end of July, beginning of August, there to see Man United. The hotel was beautiful, spacious rooms, and the staff were knowledgeable and courteous. The elevators were a bit of a problem because they are undergoing upgrades etc., we were told about them when we checked in. It was somewhat inconvenient with the elevators being slow, but hey for the most part you are there on vacation, you should enjoy your hotel experience and not let the elevators bother you. If you have a certain time to be somewhere, just leave sooner because of the elevator wait. We encountered some very rude people on the elevator because of the lengthy wait, but their rudeness was uncalled for. It was like they were blaming us individually for the slowness. The hotel itself there was gorgeous, the restaurant food was pricy, but it's New York - what do you expect. We had a good experience though, nothing much to complain about there.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cracking, absolutely cracking...! When I go to New York I tend to stay outside Manhattan, generally in New Jersey (Teaneck Marriott cf.), but on this occasion I got an excellent rate at the Marriott Marquis which sells itself by nature of its location - right at the heart of Times Square.Check in was great, staff were helpful and was told at check in I had a Times Square view. When you're on a cheapo rate you generally expect a view of the air conditioning plant or, if you're really lucky, the back of the kitchen, but in this case, they did not lie! I walked in through the door into a newly refurbished room which had no end wall, just a window - and the view was amazing, all of the south end of Times Square - including loads of flashing billboards and the Good Morning America studio!The lifts (elevators), yep, they're a problem, but only that you have to allow yourself a bit more time in the morning and evening and be prepared to get intimate with everyone in the lift (some would say that's nothing to worry about!!) but once the refurbishment's done, they're going to be the best elevators in New York (is that really a selling point?! As long as they're fast, that's all that matters!)The room was really clean, comfy beds, good room service - bath's one of those small low shower tray/bath things, that's about the only (very small) gripe.View through the atrium is amazing - I was on the 17th floor and really enjoyed people watching in the bars and restaurants below - like little ants moving about it's so high!All in all, 10/10 - a superb hotel now they're refurbishing it, and the lifts are just a minor problem at the moment - don't let them stop you from staying.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Couldn't be more pleased! I stayed at the Marquis with some friends, and wow! We had a great time. Our room was beautiful, the location is PERFECT and the staff is the best in the business. THANKS!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed Marquis location My daughters (ages 16 and 18) stayed at the Marriott Marquis this summer for five nights and loved the location. Amenities were fine, but nothing special. The room was a good size for a New York hotel and the staff were friendly and helpful. Parking our car there added considerably to our bill but was very convenient.I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2003
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved the Marquis. Everything was top of the line. We stayed at the Marquis for 4 days in August. We had a party of 10 and had 3 rooms. The service and accomodations were top of the line. Its got a great location and the we would definitely stay there on our next trip.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location! My husband and I stayed at the Marriott Marquis from September 14-17 and we absolutely loved it. The location was perfect and the hotel was beautiful. Definitely worth the money! It was in walking distance to many attractions and it was very close to the subway. The rooms were much larger than I expected and relatively quiet, considering the location. I would recommend this hotel to anybody.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mostly impressed with service, even during the blackout! Overall our stay at this hotel was great. We arrived within an hour after the blackout occured. I do not believe the hotel had any control over their main generator failing...I found the staff to be as accomodating as possible under the circumstances. They gave free food and soft drinks to anyone who passed through the hotel, no matter if they were guests or not. Also, they refunded all payment for the guest rooms for both Thursday and Friday nights. (We already received our credit back on our card). We did not sleep out on the street...we found a spot in one of the ballrooms and camped out with others. Once the power came back on, the hotel recovered within hours...the restrooms were cleaned up in record time, (believe me they were AWFULLY dirty...no flushing for 24 hours!!!..housekeeping deserves a special bonus for that mess!@!!!!). I believe the staff did an impeccable job under the circumstances they were given. I hope and pray no one has to go through that scare again though, I'll never take a flushing toilet for granted again!!! It is good to remember the humanness in everyone during situations beyone our control.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>After The Blackout! Arriving in New York the Saturday after the blackout, you would have never known just hours before the city was a mess! We found the hotel very accomodating, service was great! We were on the 27th floor and NEVER waited more than 2 minutes for a clear elevator. Hotel staff were friendly and very knowlegeable about New York. Traveling with our 24 year old that uses a scooter to get around in, this hotel was spacious and the bathroom and bedroom were big. Being right in the middle of Time Square was perfect, plenty to do and see right there. City buses are all handi cap accessible and our son rode FREE!! Buying a Metro Card was the best and cheapest way to see the city. We also took a harbor tour and had door to door service from the Marriott. For $19.00 and a 90 minute tour we saw everything from the water. First time in New York...can't wait to return!!! Big Apple! Big FUN!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jas044
<Content>Youd'd never know there had been a blackout We arrived on Sunday, August 17 for a one-night stay and you never would have known anything had happened a mere three days before. Everything ran very smoothly, even the much complained about elevators were fine. I don't think we waited any more than three minutes and we were in and out constantly. The room was very nice--my daughter slept in one of the chairs so she could fall asleep to the lights of Times Square., My only complaint would be the age limits at the fitness center--no one under 14 admitted...period. They should make it 10 or 12 and up--with parental supervision. My son was very disappointed.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Marriot Marquis is horrible We were at the Marriot Marquis during the blackout. Due to their negligence, the backup generators went out. They failed to perform the required servicing. Under the guise of safety concerns, they kicked everyone out on the street with the rats. They wouldn't allow guests to use their bathrooms as they claimed they were overflowing. They almost allowed several guests to get run over by cars as they exited the carport. They had zero emergency backup lighting and we sat in darkness outside on the dirty dround. They passed out a few pillows and tablecloths as a token gesture, but it wasn't nearly sufficient. To add insult to injury they billed me for that night. Marriot hasn't heard the last of this.They were awful and I will never stay at a hotel owned by Host Marriot Corp. again.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average but friendly staff The hotel is great for first time visitors as it sits in the center of Times Square. Rooms were spacious and average in cleanliness. The common areas were hot and the rooms can get warm and stuffy producing a musty smell. The hotel is almost too large. The room rate specials were great and hotel staff friendly. Biggest disapointment was the food at the Encore Restaurant. Had breakfast there and the food was tasteless, cold and overpriced. I thought it was impossible to make bad french toast but the Encore's chef proved me wrong. Also ate at JW's Steakhouse in the hotel. The food was okay but extremely overpriced. Drinks were great though. DO NOT eat at the Roxy Deli which is down the street from the hotel. Made the mistake of going there for a quick bite before the theatre because it was close by. The restaurant is filthy, food is terrible and terribly overpriced. Do yourself a favor and catch a cab to Little Italy for great food at decent prices.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Marquis fit for a King I've stayed at many hotels in NYC, but the Marquis is by far, my favorite. The lobby offers an old world charm reminiscent of a comfortably elegant library and the guest rooms are spacious, clean and cozy. The Marquis is in the heart of the theater district which offers a myriad of restaurant and entertaiment choices within walking distance. A friendly, efficient and knowledgeable staff round out the Marquis experience. As a frequent visitor to New York City, it seems more like I'm coming home.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Major Elevator Inconvenience Two words: Book Elsewhere!The hotel itself is wonderful. The staff helpful and courteous beyond belief.However, the elevator situation almost ruined our weekend. They are in the process of remodeling the elevators (6-9 month task). Apparently only a few of the elevators are working. One time we waited at least 30 mintues. We were on the 30th floor, too far to walk down. We tried everything, including going up to go down. Every time the doors opened (either up or down), the elevator was packed. We were never able to get on a down elevator. So, when we were lucky enough to get an up elevator to go down, it meant stopping at every floor between 30 and 45 on the way up, and every floor between 45 and 30 on the way down. All this after waiting 20 minutes to get on in the first place. Plus, the elevator became packed beyond belief -- wanted to cry at some point.Again, the hotel is wonderful......but, the elevator situation makes it a very unpleasant experience.They are upfront when you check in (a little late, I think). The notice they give you with your key states you should leave your room at least one hour before showtime due to the elevator situation. Given most of the shows are within 1-2 blocks of the hotel, that gives you some idea of how bad the elevator situation is.Good luck!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>happy_traveller
<Content>Excellent location, good service   showReview(1212787, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2003
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware the Elevators!   showReview(1143471, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best ever!   showReview(1143176, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elevator Hell   showReview(1135991, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay in floors 10-20!   showReview(1072610, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location   showReview(977633, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Marriott Marquis, New York   showReview(932959, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Beauty of Times Square   showReview(923248, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay for the Best time in NYC!   showReview(857819, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Marriott Marquis   showReview(645384, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Valery_M
<Content>L'H脭TEL o霉 s茅journer 脿 New York!       Le lobby  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广偪銉冦儠銇Κ鍒囥仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(22855648, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BUBBLEPaisVasco
<Content>Muy correcto y ubicaci贸n inmejorable   showReview(20716597, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Lil97
<Content>Excelente! Un gran hotel en NY!   showReview(20004245, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>multanaguer
<Content>LADRONES   showReview(19653303, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PyG
<Content>Un buen hotel en el medio de todo   showReview(19574864, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>zugswissmiss
<Content>Business Hotel in guter Lage   showReview(19050100, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	2	4	4	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Einmalige Lage   showReview(19635277, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kaskel
<Content>Lobby, ascenceurs, resto et vue extra!       Resto (demi-lune) sur la gauche  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ColumA
<Content>Alles Prima   showReview(18681676, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Rapport qualit茅/prix mediocre   showReview(18523570, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder...   showReview(18523569, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j'y retourne sans h茅siter   showReview(18523568, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage sehr sch枚nes Hotel   showReview(17437563, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>altinica
<Content>h么tel marriott Marquis : Excellent s茅jour !   showReview(16753968, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>madamebikina
<Content>Duermes placidamente   showReview(16642822, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel tr猫s bien situ茅 et de qualit茅   showReview(17437562, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Suoper h么tel   showReview(16604904, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon Hotel de Grandeur Am茅ricaine   showReview(16604903, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Valeur ch猫re mais valeur s没re   showReview(16604900, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>脿 recommander   showReview(16604902, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>collonut
<Content>fabuloso   showReview(15350852, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super emplacement pour un sejour a new york   showReview(15574148, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈ㄣ儘銉偖銉冦偡銉?#x201d;   showReview(19169248, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>a recommander tr猫s sinc猫rement   showReview(13975163, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bonne Adresse   showReview(13191212, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Guest-Club
<Content>Magie de Times square!   showReview(10844075, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Localisation   showReview(11300491, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zu teuer f眉r das Gebotene   showReview(11300490, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Woodshole
<Content>Gut gelegen, aber nicht 4 Sterne wert   showReview(10012469, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴銇屾渶楂樸€?#x201d;   showReview(19164611, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ伀銇嬨亸渚垮埄   showReview(19161847, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Marriott Marquis - jeden Dollar wert!   showReview(11396437, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>charal95
<Content>La primera opinion del hotel Marquis en espa帽ol y mucho mas   showReview(6093653, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>婧€瓒炽仹銇嶃伨銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19158747, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉熴儱銉笺偢銈儷銇倛銇椼偡銉с儍銉斻兂銈般伀銈堛仐   showReview(19158735, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴銇犮亼銇с仚(>_  showReview(19156696, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍒濄倎銇︺伄銉嬨儱銉笺儴銉笺偗   showReview(19156309, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶ф櫐鏃ャ伄銈偊銉炽儓銉€銈︺兂浣撻〒銇欍倠銇倝鈥?#x201d;   showReview(19156306, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍒濄倎銇︺伄NY銆佸€嬩汉鎵?..   showReview(21800448, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儶銈广優銈瑰墠銇娉娿仐...   showReview(19925393, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉熴儱銉笺偢銈儷銈掕銇...   showReview(19921478, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇優銉炽兂銉忋儍銈裤兂...   showReview(19920638, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱亾銇偪銈ゃ儬銈恒偣銈偍...   showReview(19919380, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇屻仺銇︺倐搴冦亸銇﹀揩...   showReview(19918245, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛脊锛ｃ伄銈裤偆銉犮偤銈广偗...   showReview(19917543, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈裤偆銉犮偤銈广偗銈ㄣ偄銇殻...   showReview(19916189, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

