<Author>Comment56
<Content>Touring Toronto We stayed here with friends for a four day weekend visit to Toronto. The hotel is clean, modern and all that we expected of a Marriott. The hotel is in a great location and we visited many of the downtown Toronto sites on foot, The Distillery district was great and should continue to improve. We did not eat at the hotel as there are so many great restaurants in the immediate vicinity.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AnonymousMe
<Content>Great Place to Stay! We spent four nights here in November as an add-on to a business trip. You can get to the hotel easily via the Toronto Airport Express Bus, and it's just $30CN roundtrip. It's a quick ride from the airport, and the bus lets you off at the Metropolitan Hotel about 2 short blocks away. Be aware, though--you will be the first stop on the way back and travel time will be a little over an hour.The hotel has a funny site and faces sideways--it's not too impressive when you walk up, but everything changes when you enter. It has a lovely, light lobby filled with professionals who are friendly and helpful! Every interaction I had with the staff was perfect. The property looks recently renovated, and the room was spacious and comfortable. Loved the recycling bins in the closet, due to Toronto's new recycling program. The restaurant was very good and reasonably priced for a hotel restaurant.The location couldn't be better. It's right downtown, next to Eaton Centre, the gorgeous Church of the Holy Trinity, and within walking distance to just about everything. We didn't rent a car and walked everywhere, including the Bata Shoe Museum, Royal Ontario Museum, Chinatown, Kensington Market, St. Lawrence Market, and the Brewery District. Sadly, we missed the reopening of the Art Gallery of Ontario by a week, but that's definitely within walking distance of the hotel. Kensington Market and the Brewery District were the longest shlepps and those walks might not be for all, but we really enjoyed them and had fun detouring through the nearby neighborhoods.I would stay here again in a minute--loved Toronto and the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>2LITravellers
<Content>A Quality Marriott Experience We stayed at the Toronto Marriott Downtown Eaton Centre for a weekend getaway. The hotel is next door to Toronto City Hall and the Eaton Center Mall. Having the mall next door was a pleasant bonus. The hotel is within a 20 minute walk from most downtown sites in Toronto, including both stadiums. The hotel appears to have been recently renovated as the lobby was modern and the rooms were up-to-date. The bed was very comfortable, however there was not much of a view from our room. Staff was very friendly and efficient. Buffet breakfast was typical Marriott and very good, although the breakfast area could use some shades as it was very sunny and hot near the windows. We flew into Toronto and took the price fixed $50 taxi from the airport. I saw that there was an airport bus too, but don't know how close it came to the hotel. This Marriott will definitely satisfy a Marriott customer.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Ooblek
<Content>Loved this place so much, I want to move in permanently! This hotel is wonderful. From the moment we walked in the door we felt welcomed and comfortable. Check in literally took 2 minutes and we were on our way upstairs. Every hotel worker we encountered was friendly and helpful. At one point, we were looking for some info from the concierge, only to find that he had left for the night. The people at the front desk were more than willing to help us out with what we needed.The beds at the Marriot were SO comfortable I would have been ok with just lounging in bed all weekend and never seeing the rest of city! Not only that, but the rooms were spotlessly clean, the amenities were nice and our view was spectacular.The location couldn't have been better. There was a hallway that connected to the Eaton Centre. Of course, when you arrive at the mall, you're in the ladies lingerie dept. of a Sears store, which is a little weird...but other than that, it was handy. Lots of stores and restaurants in the area. The hop on/hop off bus stop was very close to the hotel and so was the drop off spot for the airport shuttle which was great.It was overall a wonderful experience - I'd highly recommend it to anyone. It's a nice clean, quiet hotel in a great area. I felt spoiled while I was there  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Igor_trips
<Content>Good service, nice hotel, great location Me and my wife stayed in this hotel for one night in a 1 king bed room on 16th floor. Overall, we both agree that we had good time staying there and it was above average experience.Here is some details. Booking through the Marrott website was easy as always -- this is not the first time we did this. I always get all the details on a web and then call them, as a representative can confirm some reservation details during the reservation process. We bought Romance Package, which included valet parking and breakfast for two, as well as a bottle of sparkling wine in a room upon arrival.The arrival was friendly, easy and quick. The hotel carries modern design with a lot of square elements with a minimal modern-style decor (nothing wrong with that, just an observation..)Room was somewhat dull, especially comparing to other Marriott hotels we have been before. Montreal Chateau Champlain, which is of a more traditional European style would be a of a sharp contrast. Windows in the room were too small for the room of its size and there was no direct access to the window -- there was a desk for the whole length of it. However, the room was neat and clean and had everything in it.Restaurant requires a few special comments. It is not designed as a separate room, but rather as an integral part of the lobby/main floor. But not to worry, it actually fits quite nicely into the lobby design. The restaurant has a good and prompt service. Food was very good. I would rate the quality of the food as 95 (out of 100).Hotel service was also very good. We got to keep our vehicle in the hotel's parking for two hours after our check out, which was great as we strolled around the Eaton Centre and the area.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone -- from singles to parent with kids to adult couples.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Cereja
<Content>No complaints My stay (21-22 Sept 08) went very smoothly. The hotel is a couple of blocks away from Toronto's bus station, we got there around 6 and were able to check in early (7 am, after we came back from breakfast). The staff was very helpful and courteous (they always acknowledge your presence) , the room was clean, comfortable beds, nice view... the works. But the great thing about this hotel is indeed the location, you're steps away from the Eaton Centre and close to several attractions. We walked almost everywhere we went, except for the Distillery district.I would definitely stay there again, specially with the Rejuvenation rates that Marriott is offering during September and October (20% off on weekends), we paid CA$ 167 before taxes for our room. More than worth it!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>CAStein
<Content>Good central location Spent two nights checking in on the 15th of August. Took me a few minutes to find the hotel entrance as I was driving and expected, for some reason, the entrance to be on Yonge. This was my fault not the hotel's -- did locate the entrace on Bay as I knew for sure that property was located adjacent to Eaton Centre.As a previous reviewer mentioned, the self park ramps are very tight even with a smaller car. The garage exit is also extremely steep making it a bit exciting for a user of a manual transmission. As I was in the garage approaching the elevator, a valet parking attendent advised me to take the stairs as the elevator was out of order. This necessitated a walk up two flights of stairs with luggage. Whether the valet was misinformed or the problem was quickly fixed, I am not sure, but the during remainder of my stay the parking elevator was funcitioning.After checking in after a moderate wait, I found myself in my pleasant room on the fifteenth floor with an underwhelming view north. All features of the room were clean and functioned without flaw. Decoration was in the well-standardized Marriott scheme. A few local photographs did provide some relief from the routine.Did not use the very small pool nor health club which was more inviting. Hotel gift shop on the second floor provided a nice selection of drinks and snacks in addition to the standard stock. Odd, but at 9:00am Sunday, they did not have any newspapers. The front desk did, however, supply one upon request, without charge. Access to Eaton Centre via the second floor was closed during my stay due to construction.Bar area was light and modern in decor and well-staffed. Wines by the glass were rather pricey. Breakfast is taken in the same general area with some tables looking out on a plaza in front of the adjacent historic church. Buffet breakfast looked inviting but the menu served to be satisfying and reasonably priced.Location is quite good adjacent to City Hall and Eaton Centre. More interesting tourist areas such as Yorkiville or the Entertainment District are a moderate (15 minute) walk away (or there is a subway stop nearly adjacent).  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>mrg013
<Content>Wonderful Hotel!       Lobby  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>theoldwoman
<Content>Hotel as expected, but great staff The hotel is just about everything you expect of a Marriott. The lobby is fresh and bright, interesting little 鈥渓ecterns鈥?for the front desk staff, but they work OK. The room was average size, but the new flat-screen TVs do made it seem more open and less cluttered. Plenty of parking (not free), tunnel to the Eaton Centre, walking distance to interesting shops, nightlife, and all the city centre tourist spots like the CN Tower.The only downside was the bedding. The new mattress toppers on both beds were a dismal failure, and slipped over the edge every night, so not the most comfortable nights sleep.The staff were excellent, and obviously empowered to deal with all a guest鈥檚 needs and not hand them off to someone else. For example, the guy who met us when we drove up unloaded the car, escorted us to the check-in, which was busy so he checked us in himself, and then took us up in the lift, all the while explaining access to the lounge, spa and gym location, etc. etc..THAT鈥橲 exactly the approach that makes me want to stay at Marriott.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>fehatz
<Content>Nice, Clean, Good Location This Toronto Marriott is nice. The rooms are not as spacious as other Marriotts I have stayed at. However, I feel the location is great and there is a helpful staff. The Downtown Eaton Center Mall is right outside the backside of the hotel and there is a few restaraunts right there as well. If you walk up or down the street you will hit some nice shopping areas. I would stay here again. Thanks for reading!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>marcel dam
<Content>good stay we had a very good stay here. The rooms where very nice, we had a suite. the service was excellent and the food was fine. the staff, especially the concierges where very helpfull. The location is excellent for exploring the city by foot. also well located for out of town trips. good place to return to.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tassbox
<Content>Quiet, clean and best beds ever Cannot complain about hotel. Staff was confused as to the concierge lounge, but that was it. Beware of tight turns in for parking garage under facility. You may have a difficult fit. Modern facility, quiet. Highly recommend. Best to call property directly for best rates. Marriott website or other sites may not have best rates.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>mel_140
<Content>Great Hotel, but a tad overpriced for what you get This place is very clean, its got THE MOST comfortable beds, and the location is great. The bathrooms were clean and the rooms have been updated. The hotel has a very modern look and feel to it. The rooms also have new big screen tvs which was nice. One of the things that make people willing to pay a lot of money for this place is because the hotel has a walkway that goes right into the eaton centre mall. It enters sears, and on your way through this hallway there is a giftshop and a cafe down the stairs. Its a pretty cool thing to be able to walk right into torontos biggest mall in just two minutes. The only downsides are is that for $250 a night, you dont really get your moneys worth. The pool area is quite small, and elevators, lobby is packed by noon, and there seem to be a lot of kids running around everytime im there, and the giftshop and cafe were very overpriced. Also a lot of the rooms face an office building, so theres not much privacy, because the curtains are very easily seen through, but overall if your willing to pay over 250 a night, your really only paying for the location and the walkway to the mall. There are 3 and 4 star hotels just down the street from this one, and half the price.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>TexasMomH
<Content>Loved Trios, great service I recently stayed at Marriott Eaton Center and had a wonderful stay. The hotel is modern and the lobby is inviting. In the lobby there is a lounge area surrounding a free standing fireplace that is enjoyable to sit around and chat. The restaurant ,Trios, has a menu with a variety of items (crabcakes, scallops, meatloaf, salmon and short ribs were amazing). Our dinner was memorable with a nice atmosphere, delicious food and the service friendly and helpful. We also had breakfast there, as when you pay for the concierge rate you eat off the buffet in the restaurant, which includes made to order eggs, etc. (great deal). Did not utilize the fitness center or pool, but looked nice and clean. Overall wonderful stay, will book again when I return to town.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>h0lidaysun
<Content>Great Location, Great service Wonderful Hotel, centrally located, great rooms and wonderful staff!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lovethisplanet
<Content>Great place to stay This hotel deserves  excellent.The location is superb, the hotel is beautiful and recently renovated, very large rooms for a city hotel, beautiful views.Don't forget to eat at the restaurant, which is fantastic!  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tohhall
<Content>Always great We stayed at this hotel over Easter. Toronto was cold so it was great to be so near the Eaton Centre and have quick and easy indoor subway access. The concierge was a big help especially since it was the Easter weekend and so much was closed. Have stayed here before and the rooms seem to have been renovated and updated. They are much less cluttered and cramped than I recall.Hotel seemed empty and the lobby is curiously unwelcoming. Breakfast was ovcerpriced and very average but not much other choice on Good Friday.Like the location, especially when travelling with teenagers interested in shopping.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Intrepid1
<Content>Excellent Stay Stayed for three nights over (US) President's Day weekend-Friday to Monday. Check-in was smooth and the hotel had received my on-line request for a high floor and honored it. I chose not to pay for a concierge level room since the concierge lounge was closed most of the weekend. I got a discounted rate through the Marriott.com site and decided to take that rather than using points.The room was what most would call the typical Marriott room. Excellent housekeeping and the usual amenities; plenty of room for one person. Bed comfortable; furniture, carpeting, drapes in good repair.Breakfast in the hotel each morning; buffet style with eggs cooked to order and nice selection of the usual breakfast items, breads, etc. The staff was absolutely wonderful both at the front desk and especially in the breakfast area. All very friendly and eager to please.Used the pool and whirlpool once; the area was clean and all the equipment in the adjacent fitness center in working order.The hotel is about one and a half blocks from the Dundas Subway stop which can be reached by indoor PATH walkway; hotel is adjacent to Eaton Centre and has an interior walkway to the Sears store next door.The front desk arranged for a private transfer to the airport on my last morning at 4:15 AM and that w ent without a hitch.Overall I was pleased with the stay and the location worked well for my planned activities.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>radas
<Content>very nice Really liked my stay, it's right next to Eaton Ctr, room was spacious and modern. I got an extra couple of hours for a late check-out, so that was nice of them too.Nice and clean gym on the top, typical hotel breakfast available downstairs.Highly recommend.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GlennTheBaker
<Content>A great base My wife and I have just spent 4 nights at this hotel and would highly recommend it as a base from which to explore Toronto and Niagara Falls.The lobby renovations did not negatively impact our stay and appear to be almost complete. The sports bar, 'Characters' did the job of the lobby bar during the day, serving drinks only but then around 4pm each day they began serving food from their bar menu.The hotel was very busy as the CFL Grey Cup was being played at the Rogers Centre on the evening of Sunday 25 November. Being from England, we didn't know a thing about the Grey Cup until we got to Toronto and people kept asking us if that was the reason we were visiting!We paid a shade over $100 Canadian dollars per night and our room was great. Nice and big with the most comfortable bed ever (as noted by previous reviewers), a large LCD TV and all the usual stuff you get with a Marriott hotel. The hotel definitely has something of a 'business' feel to it but its location means it is perfectly situated for leisure travellers too. There is a walkway which leads directly from the hotel to the Eaton Centre which in turn is connected to the PATH system of underground walkways. There are 2 subway stations accessible from the Eaton Centre too.The staff were all superb, plenty of smiles and only too willing to help. None of them would accept a tip - 'No thankyou, its all part of the service, sir' was the reply when I tried tipping the doorman or bellman.We paid a small amount to have a late checkout (6.00 pm) as we were not flying home until 11.00 pm and it was nice to be able to leave or bags in the room and then go back and shower before leaving for the airport.All in all, a most enjoyable stay in Toronto with the Toronto Marriott Eaton Centre as a perfect base.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shario
<Content>Very nice hotel We just got back from spending three nights at the Marriott Eaton Centre, which we got for $95 US per day on Priceline. There is major renovation work being done and the lobby was quite the zoo at all times. That being said, it didn't bother us at all and the room was very large and nice. As another commenter pointed out, the beds are out of this world comfortable. The fitness center is also much better than usual. The location is perfect, as there is a subway stop only about a block away. We found the concierge to be very helpful and we tried several of his recommendations with very good results. The one negative thing that happened was the hotel arranged for a limo service to take us back to the airport. Somehow, the hotel and the limo company got their wires crossed so when we came down to the lobby at 5:15 a.m. for what we thought was a 5:30 pickup time, our limo driver had apparently been waiting for half an hour for what he thought was a 4:45 a.m. pickup time and we pretty much had to hear about it all the way to the airport. My advice would be to take a cab to the airport.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>honeysusie
<Content>I would go back for the beds alone. Myself and five friends stayed at the Marriott last week for a short break. The hotel was in a great location, right in the centre of the city with easy access to everything. We had three rooms which were originally on different floors even though I had asked for adjacent rooms. When I pointed this out it was quickly rectified by reception and we were put on the same corridor. All the staff were very helpful and we had a great meal in the restaurant. Room service was promp. The rooms were very spacious with two double beds in each room. The beds are wonderful. I havn't slept in a more comfortable bed including my own at home and all my party said the same. You can buy the pillows and mattress toppers to take home. I would if I could have got them in my suitcase.Other people commented on the view from the rooms but what does one expect from a city centre hotel? It was either the little square at the back and the adjacent office building or the front of the hotel. We had a great time in Toronto. The hotel was exceptional. There was some renovation of the entrance hall going on but they have to do the work sometime. It is also one of the quietest hotels I have ever stayed in and I would certainly recommend it and stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Westby
<Content>Nice Room, Unexciting Hotel I recently spent 3 nights at the Marriott Eaton Centre while attending a conference. The hotel is centrally located - just a block from Junge St. and a short walk to University. Needless to say, the Eaton Centre is practically next door to the hotel. I should note that the Airport Express bus does not list the Marriott as one of its downtown stops, however one of its stops (the Metropolitan Hotel) is only a block or so from the Marriott. The lobby of the hotel is currently undergoing renovation (as noted on their website) which made for an unexciting first impression, however the room (1112) was tastefully decorated and fairly spacious for a downtown hotel room. My only negative comment about the room was the view - it looked straight into an adjacent office building. Hotel staff seemed to be competent and very pleasant, although my interactions with them were minimal. I paid a conference rate of Can$179 plus the various taxes and fees - this seemed a little high for what it was, although realistically I blame the US$ more than Marriott for this perception.Overrall, my room was a comfortable place to spend some time (I liked the large flat panel tv), while the rest of the hotel was unexciting.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>domandmeg
<Content>Loved the Marriott Eaton Center Stayed here with our two kids ages 6 and 4 during Canadian Thanksgiving. The staff was outstanding, the rooms were a bit small but very clean and with the most comfortable beds. The kids loved the pool and I loved the fitness center with its complimentary headphones, oxygenated water and fresh fruit! Perfect location close to everything. Had a great stay and would come back again!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>SarTravelbug
<Content>Eaton Centre convenient with nice touches I have been meaning to post this positive review of the Eaton Centre Marriott in Toronto for a year now! My husband traveled to Toronto for business constantly for a few months this past summer and we made a vacation of a couple of weekends in the city. We loved the Eaton Centre Marriott - the lobby has a nice cocktail bar and good steak restaurant and with a modern art look. Being Marriott Rewards members, we got a lovely upgraded room with access to the concierge lounge and good views. The hotel was (obviously) part of the Eaton Centre so shopping and public transport were just steps away. If you have been to one Marriott, you know what to expect at basically all of them and that can be comforting when in a new place. This hotel was a nicer style than most and ranked up there with the downtown waterfront Seattle Marriott for style and a cool bar to chill at in the lobby.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>calpe
<Content>Great Hotel Had a wonderful stay here. Kingsize bed, spacious room, polite staff, recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jayvbee
<Content>Nice hotel I booked a stay at the Marriott last minute. Check in was easy and the guy working was very nice. Best part of the hotel was the beds.. it was like sleeping on a cloud. The room is really spacious too. The location is great and theres even a walkway on the second floor that leads to Eaton Centre. The only problem I had with the Marriott was the pool upstairs is really small and housekeeping gave us a hard time when we needed stuff. The day we checked out, most of the hotel was being renovated so I expect that if I stayed there again there would be a lot of decor changes.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>pkelly8
<Content>Interesting stay in terrific hotel Everything was as expected, good check in, great location, nice room, good staff, etc....then about 11:00pm the fire alarms went off. They announced on the PA system that there was no emergency but about an hour later, the same thing. Not sure if that's a regular occurrence, but again, it's a nice hotel attached to the Eaton Center mall pretty close to the water (within walking distance).  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>yankeebabe1988
<Content>Loooooved it!       The comfiest bed on the planet!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>J_S416
<Content>Excellent Stay at the Marriott!!! Stayed from August 3rd to 5th with two friends for Caribana Weekend; booked on Expedia at the last minute so I was a bit worried, but the price was fair, so I figured I'd take what I got.Check-in was a breeze; it took about 2 minutes and the front desk let my friend check his bag before-hand while he waited for me in Eaton Centre. I was told upon booking that the double beds may not be available; this was confirmed upon check-in. The room we were given had a King Bed and pull-out sofa. This was not a problem as there were only 3 of us - 2 shared the King bed, and 1 took the sofa bed.We were assigned a room on the 15th floor, which was beautiful. The decor was tasteful, flat-screen tv, VERY soft King bed, marble counter in the bathroom...we were quite impressed. The service at the Mariott was wonderful for the duration of our stay. We had forgotten toothpaste, and went down to the front desk to ask if any was available. They had personal-size packs sent up to our room both days we were there. Room service was not over-priced and it took about half an hour for our dinner to arrive on the Saturday evening, when we were too lazy to venture out for a meal. The food was excellent. All staff that we dealt with were courteous and professional.The only problem (and the reason for my rating of 4 rather than 5) for the entire weekend was that the fire alarm went off around 6:45 on Sunday morning and continued until about 7:15. This was incredibly annoying and extremely loud in our room. I understand that for safety reasons the alarm was necessary, but did not understand why the annoucements continued every 5 minutes advising that they were looking into the matter and would provide further information later. Needless to say, it was difficult to sleep after this.Other than that one tiny mishap, our stay was WONDERFUL and I would definitely recommend this hotel to other travellers, and would stay at the Marriott again myself.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ChiTown2
<Content>Good, Central Location- Not a luxury hotel but a very comfortable place to stay! We stayed here for a wedding that was held in downtown Toronto. The hotel is centrally located, adjoining the Eaton Centre, for a 10 minute walk to the scene on Queen Street, a 15-20 minute walk to Yorkville or the harbor area. Hotel staff, especially the concierge, were particularly helpful and friendly. Room was very clean, flat screen TV, bathroom was bigger than expected with decent amenities. Bed and linens felt more expensive than expected.Not a luxury hotel but a very comfortable place to stay!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Linyo
<Content>Good choice I attended a seminar here, so I did not choose this hotel. However, I was pleasantly surprised. I paid a rate negioated through the semiar of $189 CAN which I imagine is not anywhere near the normal price. I had an oddly shaped room so I can't comment on the room sizes, but had a great view onto Trinity Square and beyond. The room was quite clean, and the bathroom was huge - this one, at least, was much bigger than it needed to be - lots of empty space. Staff was friendly and helpful. Public areas were clean and welcoming. Food (breakfast and snacks) provided as part of the semimar was good, too. It is conveniently located next to the Eaton Center, which is essentially a big indoor mall - nothing here to knock your socks off, shopping-wise, but a nice diversion after sitting in a seminar all day!Only negative was the bathroom, with all it's space, and a sliding pocket door, did not provide a good noise barrier. Don't share this room with anyone with whom you're not comfortable sharing bathroom noises! :)  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>sworl
<Content>Lovely Stay, Great Restaurant  My husband and I had a mini-getaway the weekend of April 28/07. We were attending the show WE WILL ROCK YOU and decided to stay at the Marriott Eaton Centre due to the close proximity of the theatre we were attending. The hotel is marvelous, their renovations are complete and they did a wonderful job, we had a room with king bed, great tv in the room and it was a very spacious room. I have to mention that the restaurant JW's located in the hotel, was great. The service was superb, our waiter (Ralph) was very courteous and helpful and friendly also, we couldn't ask for much more. The meal itself was extremely good, it is well worth your money to have a meal there, you won't be disappointed. I give this hotel high marks and will definitely return.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Colicita
<Content>Fabulous Experience! My husband and two children, ages 3 and 5, stayed at the Marriot Eaton Centre for two nights. My husband and I agree the experience has spoiled us! The beds here were luxurious, with incredibly comfortable pillow-top mattresses and beautiful, crisp white bedding and duvets. The shower was terrific. There was no minibar in the room, but room service was readily available and there was a gift shop which sold just about everything you might have forgotten at home (in my case, moisturizer). Because we were too tired on our first night to start looking for a suitable restaurant for small children, we went to the sports bar in the hotel. Although the servers were extremely friendly and nice to our children, the service was ridiculously slow. The kitchen is on the other side of the hotel so all meals have to be carried from there to the sports bar! No matter, our kids were happy. There is a much nicer restaurant option in the hotel; we didn't try it because we didn't know if they would be ready for our two active boys! We did enjoy the hotel pool, the breakfast buffet, and the proximity to the Eaton Centre (connected through an indoor walkway!). We are looking forward to returning to this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>buddstroud
<Content>Decent hotel, decent experience I have to say that I read mixed reviews on this website and wasn't sure what to think. So when my husband and I booked a 2 night trip there in March, we figured we would go in wtih an open mind. The hotel is perfectly located if you want to shop. However, it was a bit off for most of the other touristy things - ie. CN Tower, the theatre district, Casa Loma, Greek Town, etc. Most anything else we wanted to do we had to drive to, and with all the construction in the city, this was not always an easy feat. We were welcomed warmly and were given the option to either valet our car or self-park with in/out privileges. We opted to self-park thinking it would save time overall. For the parking: MAKE SURE to inquire about this at the front desk at check in. We figured they would automatically bill us as other Marriotts do for self-park. They do not. If you don't say anything and get a pre-paid ticket you pay each time you go in and out of the garage, and if you are parked longer than 24 hours, you are charged a premium. After learning this the first time we were charged, we asked the hotel to help us figure out how to get back what the overpay was and do it correctly moving forward. We were told that it was too late, and it had to be done our first day. So no help there.We had to change rooms within the first 20 minutes we were there. The walls were paper thin and we could hear every conversation (and argument) in the room next to us. We called down to the front desk to request a change and were told they would call us right back. I had to call back 30 minutes later, and they had no record of me calling the first time! After I explained it all again, they finally got us another room at the end of the hallway (ask for an end or corner room - it was twice as large), and had someone bring us our new keys. The breakfast buffet was decent - a bit different than other Marriotts we have stayed at, but overall ok. We had a great rate - $159 CAD, which included our room and breakfast. Other than that, there wasn't much to write home about at this hotel. It needs updating, but I will say that they were installing a new fitness room with very much updated (and needed) equipment in it - looked like it would be ready soon for the public. Honestly, if you are going to Toronto and want to be near shopping, this will be ok for you (but so would the Sheraton). If you want to be near the Lakefront, CN Tower, Yonge St, and the theatre district, the Renaissance would be a much better choice.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	3	3	2	

<Author>kjawi
<Content>Awful Hotel and Service My wife and I chose this hotel because of it's location and because it's a Marriot. I read the other reviews first but figured it was just a fluke that some people didn't have good experiences.Boy, was I wrong.First, however, I will start with the positives. It has a great location. Central to all the sites and restaurants in downtown Toronto. Ok, I'm finished with the positives.We arrived on a Friday night after a long flight. Pulled up and expected to valet but he came running out and told us there were no spots left in the entire Marriot parking lot. Ok, it was Halloween weekend so I let this one go and parked next door in the public lot for $22/night. Upon checking in we were delighted to find out we were upgraded to a better room; the room was at one end of the hall and seemed to be pretty nice and quiet, as we requested, albeit it was oddly shaped and one had to walk 30 feet down a hallway from the bed to the bathroom. The room itself seemed very outdated and worn, especially the bathroom. After dinner at a nice restaurant within walking distance we returned to go to sleep. After turning off the lights and lying there for 5 minutes, we realized that the quiet upgraded room was adjacent to the service elevator. Imagine it cycling every 30 seconds and you get the point. We are light sleepers and really wanted a quiet room so we called the front desk to be told that they could send up earplugs! Not only was this unacceptable but also the attitude that the lady on the phone for the rest of the conversation was similar to other reviewers' experiences...why are you bothering me???. After some negotiating (I threatened to speak to her manager), she agreed to send up someone to help us switch rooms. So by 1130pm, we settled into a room, with a connecting door, on a lower floor in the middle of the hotel. Now, this is where I will reference how thin the walls are and how noisy the hotel is. Needless to say, we checked out the next morning and found a Residence Inn in Markham to stay for our remaining few days. What a total letdown. I've stayed at many Marriots and I must say that most of the time my experiences are positive. Unfortunately, there are few that need a lot of work...are you listening Eaton Center?  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>mrbjsbrb
<Content>AWESOME PLACE TO STAY !!!! We were here for 6 nights and the staff were wonderful and friendly. Had a problem the first night with noise next door on the connecting door, not a problem at all, they moved us to another room at once. It was early, around 7:00 ish, so we had not unpacked yet. We got to the hotel at 11:30 and asked for an early check in, not a problem, they were happy to help. The sports bar was fun and friendly, had happy hour food, excellent !!!! Make the 4-6:00 time frame, its worth it. The gift shop was run by a special couple, thank you !!!Make sure you eat at the DUKE OF RICHMOND!!!!!!!!! THE FOOD IS GREAT AND A REAL DEAL FOR TORONTO !!! It's right around the corner from the hotel.We could not of been happier. Thank you Marriott for such fine service. You all get an A* in my book.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Monty553
<Content>excellant hotel I stayed here between 28th Dec and 3rd Jan 2007. The hotel is excellant with very friendly and efficient staff, and it is in a good location for downtown Toronto. Rooms are nice and spacious.Food very good in the hotel's JWs steakhouse.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tabiri
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, central location This is an absolutely beautiful hotel. I stayed there for a conference in September. It's great for people visiting Toronto. I grew up near there so I don't really like it that much. The central location is ideal for travellers, tourists, or people who want to be central.The hotel itself is class all the way. The elegant boardrooms, lobby and cafe.The rooms are pretty much what you'd expect from any hotel, except for the beds. They are heaven! You're surrounded by downy softness. Tons of down filled pillows, with more in the closet and dresser. Down filled duvet and mattress cover.They allowed me to check in 2 hours beforehand, which I appreciated as I was coming in on the train. They emailed me the confirmation ahead of time. There was a little bit of confusion because I booked with a credit card but wanted to pay cash, but they were prompt is sorting it out.Room Service is decently priced (lunch and dinner are anyway, breakfast is overpriced).Service was really great. The price of the hotel is a little steep, but it's because you pay for the convenience of being in downtown Toronto and attached to the Eaton Centre.Overall, excellent stay.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dinkerdmr
<Content>Honeymoon inToronto We stayed at the Marriott Eaton Centre for part of our honeymoon. We had a great time. The hotel was great. We enjoyed nearly everything about the hotel. The central location was perfect for us as tourists. We were able to walk from the hotel to the Hockey hall of Fame, the Rogers Centre, art museums, theaters, restaurants, shopping. The staff were courteous and helpful, and the sports bar on the first floor was a great place to hang out. There were only 3 minor disappointments -- the concierge lounge was full of families with kids so breakfast was a bit noisy and crowded, the rooftop pool was small and also full of kids, and food at the hotel was pricey -- we got better quality food at more reasonable prices at nearby restaurants.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>crookersnooker
<Content>Nice Hotel, I will return My wife and I really liked this hotel and the staff was very nice. We stayed one night while we enjoyed Toronto's CNE. At check in, the desk clerk noticed on her computer that it was our anniversary and wished us a happy anniversary. We thanked her but did not think any more about it. When we returned from our trip to the CNE, we found two small bottles of sparkling wine, a bowl of chocolate covered strawberries, and a hand written card. Full Marks. Oh ya, great location.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>sarzee
<Content>Worth repeating...       view from our room  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SurfaceTravel
<Content>Good location and service, no soundproofing We had stayed in this hotel half-a-dozen times in the past and had been very impressed with it. The service has always been excellent. We often used to go on massive shopping trips and had to transport many large boxes to and from our rooms. The bell staff (usually women) would handle this for us cheerfully. I would often try to tip them, sometimes $20, but they always refused, stating that it was against hotel policy and that it was part of the service. This happened all the time, and still did on this last trip. The location is also perfect for us: next to the Eaton Centre and walking distance to Chinatown and Queen Street. The rooms are large and the food in the dining room is decent enough.Now maybe our expectations of hotels have risen in recent years, or maybe we were just given a uniquely bad room for the first time, but our room was noisy! It was like there was no sound-proofing whatsoever. We could hear people walking and talking in the hallway and talking in the next room. This really annoys me, enough that I will not stay there again in spite of the excellent service.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Portland64
<Content>Just a good location Myself ,husband and another couple who are good friends where visiting from England and stayed at the Marriott Toronto Downtown Eaton Centre Hotel for one night on the 26th August 2006. We where all visiting family in nearby Onatrio but wanted to enyoy a night out in Toronto,our children stayed with family whilst we looked forward to having some time to pamper ourselfs.This hotel was chosen because it supposedly has a good reputation and it was in a prime location.We paid $540 for two rooms for the night , this was to include the romantic package of sparkling wine and chocolate dipped strawberries and breakfast.WHERE SHALL I BEGIN?ARRIVALWhen we arrived at the front of the hotel for valet parking one of the hotel staff approached our vehcile and started speaking strangely to our friend who was driving (he is Afro caribean) our friend baffled ;explained he didn't understand what was being said and the staff member said in a jokey way I am speaking African to you,we where clearly offended and shocked by his presumptious,unprofessional manner ,my friend stated that although he was black he was not African and spoke English.Our experience with the staff didn't get any better from hereBOOKING IN  ROOMSThe rooms where prebooked but when we arrived we had to hang around the corridor for over half an hour because there had been some mix up with the reservation, it was very embarrassing and a waste of prescious time.Whilst waiting I asked the consierge where the washrooms where and he was very unhelpful and quite rude.When things where eventually sorted out and we where booked into our allocated rooms they where freezing,although there was a thermostate you could only turn on the air con ,we asked for it to be checked and the maintance man basically said there was nothing that could be done, along with that the view from window was awful.After complaining we where moved to other rooms which where just as cold but we decided it was a waste of time saying anything as it was obvious that the main central heating system was turned off until winter also the view was slightly better and we just wanted to make the most of the experience without constantly complaining,What i can say about the room is that they where very clean and the bed was super comfy thats where it ends.We all expected more for what we had paid for as it was very chinzy, basic and formal, nothing special.We decided that obviously we had paid for the location and thats it really.If you like shopping its ideal because its attached to a giant mall in the centre of Toronto.Unfortunatly we didn't have much time to shop or look around as the whole booking in/changing rooms scenario took most of our valubale time up.Around the hotel is very grand and glamourous but it was spoiled by numerous cigerate dimps and empty drink cans thrown on corridors and out side the lift (they where until the next day when we booked out)The nightlife in Toronto was great and we enjoyed it immensly,the following morning we had breakfast in bed which was not that great so quite a bit was wasted.THE ICE LADYBefore booking out at 12 noon we wanted to enjoy a relaxing time in the health spa/sauna which opened at 6am.We went down at 10am and the woman on reception was so unproffessional its unbelieveable,she was busy small talking on the phone with a friend and had no intention of finishing her conversation, she gave us no instructions on what to do and basically ignored us.After standing around looking puzzeled we decided to enter the changing rooms,my friend went back out to ask for towels and was met by an icy glare she might of well as put up a DO NOT DISTURB sign on the desk ,there was no acknowlegment of any kind other than the body language of distane.We got ready to go into the sauna and it was cold,I went out to ask why it wasn't hot and was told I had to operate it myself when i ask how, i was spoken to like an idiot.As I have already stated we didn't want anything to spoil our time spent there so we refused to cause a scene,i went back in and after a few attempts we managed to get the sauna started, it was obvious it would take some time to heat up so we went to sit in the hot tub to wait- this was out of order and also the pool stairs could not be accessed.Whilst we discussed the disatisfaction of the facilities with other unhappy guests the woman on reception decided to butt in as she had now finished talking on the phone and wanted to get cheeky.When i asked why the sauna was not switched on from 6am as stated she said the hotel needed to save electicity-at that point i told her we had paid enough money to stay in the hotel and also that she had really bad manners and was obviously not suited to the job as she was not interested in the guests.SUMMARYOur run ins with staff ended there and we never bothered complaining it just made us think we would not recommend this hotel to anyone-especially someone looking for a romantic break.The Hotel needs to do some serious retraining on customer service for most of the staff we encountered and also update some of the facilities ie TVs , decor in rooms, Sauna/spa facilitiesThere was one member of staff on reception who was very nice and helpful her name was 'AMA 'and she was happy to help and was the only one who made us feel welcome.THANKS AMA  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Generalque
<Content>Marriott - Eaton Center - Fabulous Service Just stayed here for a long weekend. From the moment we arrived until we left, the staff was exceptional - totally flawless! Make sure you see Ralph in JW's Steakhouse if you go.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Ever Made reservations more than three months in advance and requested a room with two beds and a high floor. When we arrived, the front desk representive looked at me and my friend and said One King size bed, right? - which seemed an inappropriate assumption for her to make about the two male guests in front of her - when I informed her that we wanted two beds and had requested such in our reservation three months earlier she told us that there were no rooms with two beds available and the best she could do was send up a roll away bed. So our options were to sleep together in the king size bed or for one of us to sleep on a small, uncomfortable roll away. Furthermore, we were not even given the requested high floor - instead we received a room on the 8th floor of an 18 story hotel. While the lady at the front desk was polite and professional, she was not the least bit helpful and her attitude was take it or leave it.It did not get much better inside the room - the air conditioning seemed to work only intermittently going from extremes of hot and cold. On the final night of our stay a fire alarm went off in the hotel at 2:15AM and continued to go off for 45 minutes until they received an all clear from the fire department.My final costs for this room were over $900 for three nights and I feel I could have received better service at a cheap airport motel.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very clean, Great service and location, Wonderful breakfast... My husband and I are in our late 20's and stayed at Toronto Marriott Downtown Eaton Centre in early June. I have to admit that I am usually very worried about hotels and their cleanliness... but this hotel was extremely clean. The maid service was excellent and very prompt. We experienced no problems in this area -- like we usually do in other hotels. The hotel staff was very friendly and offered great service. This was our first time in Toronto, and they were very helpful in guiding us to certain places that we asked about... restaurants, shopping, bars, etc. This hotel has a great location and allowed us to walk to all places we wanted to go. The breakfast that is served at the hotel is wonderful!! It is a little expensive, but they offer a great variety. Unlike many other hotel breakfasts, this one actually has good food!One restaurant that you must visit - if you are interested in Italian food - is Terroni. The hotel staff may act like they don't know where it is... but it's on Queen St. For some reason, when we asked about it, they acted like they never heard of it - but it was packed, and they have awesome food!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Fan-of-Maui
<Content>Friendly Service, Good Location I stayed at the Marriott in mid-June for one night on a business trip. It is adjacent to the Eaton Centre mall, and across the street from the Toronto city hall. This makes it an ideal location for vacationers, but a bit far if you have meetings in the main business district in the downtown core (although it's not too bad for that).I hesitate to start with a description of a not-so-good experience, but the staff response to the not-so-good experience was handled so well that in the end, I left the hotel quite impressed. The issue I had is that the phone system in some of the rooms was not functioning when I checked in. The front desk clerk told me about it, and said the hotel would pay for a calling card for me if I wished to make calls. I thought that was OK, so I accepted the room and settled in. I tried to hook up my computer to the internet in the room afterwards, but I found that this was not working either because of the phone line issue. I called the customer service person (with my cell phone!) and said that I really needed to do some work on my computer and I asked whether they could not speed up the repair on the line. The customer service person was quite apologetic and told me that she would see what she could do. A few minutes later this person came to my room and handed me a key to another room that happened to have its line fixed already for that night. I moved, and everything was then OK. I thought that the service response was great - I have never had someone come to my room to hand me another key.The room itself was up to Marriott's usual standards - well done, not over-the-top luxurious, but very nice. The bed was comfortable and I got a good night's sleep.I recommend this hotel, especially if you want to do a bit of shopping.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ssful
<Content>Good value In light of the strength of the Canadian dollar and on shopping for rates we were able to stay here for under 100 dollars a night inculding a made to order breakfast served in a very pleasant restaurant. The hotel is a short walk to Eaton Centre, We also walked to the Hockey Hall of Fame ,and the Skydome..although at night I would take a cab.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>luv2travel1stclass
<Content>EXCEPTIONAL SERVICE My sister and I were in Toronto for a family emergency. The hotel is wonderfully located to all metro hospitals and when some very important down time is needed the Eaton Center mall is attached so you do not have to worry about the weather or putting on a coat. The service was exceptional, the beds VERY comfortable and the room is really nice size. There is a lovely indoor pool and Jacuzzi on the roof as well. I will stay here again and highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mycat
<Content>loved the room and service My sisters and i went to toronto for the weekend and stayed at the marriott hotel next to the eatons mall and loved it. The room was very clean and they where very helpful with extra towels and glasses.The staff were very friendly and helpful with finding us something to do and where to eat. We would go back anytime we travel to toronto.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Adriatica
<Content>Excellent Place to Enjoy Toronto I was very satisfied with our stay at this hotel from the moment we arrived there. The staff was kind and attentive, the location was excellent, and the room was clean and well laid out. As many reviewers have already pointed out, this is an excellent location for shopaholics. The hotel is conected to Eaton's centre through Sears. Very close is also the shopping district on Queen street. The hotel is also close to the Bus Terminal and Entertainment district. Two blocks from the hotel, on Elm stret, there's a strip of nice, reasonably priced restaurants.The only thing I was surprised about was the fact that they charge you to access Internet from their business centre. Why? Not that I needed it so badly, but it would have been nice to have this convenience without having to bring your own laptop or pay for something so basic.All in all, this is a wonderful place to stay and enjoy Toronto. I would definitely come here again.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Phoenix88
<Content>Nice Place for Shoppers I have stayed here on 2 separate trips to Toronto in the last 14 months and really enjoyed each stay. Clean modern rooms, reasonably good service, excellent concierge, good restaurant. On each occasion I paid about $175 Canadian/night for the room (wouldn't pay a lot more for it).If shopping is not a top priority, there are probably more convenient locations for tourists to stay, but if you want to do some serious shopping, this is the place to stay.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rudolph2
<Content>Very nice quality hotel Spent 2 nights at the Marriott. Covenient location. Clean, confortable, updated rooms. Staff was very helpful and attentive to our needs. We could not ask for more.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very average and overpiced I don't agree with the majority of the rave reviews for this hotel. It's best asset is the central Toronto location and beautiful public areas. However, the rooms are very average (no safe, mini-bar for example). During my stay, the first room I was given had a locked adjoining door. The room next to mine was obviously a large suite occupied by several people. Because of the adjoining door and no soundproofing between these rooms, I could hear their group conversations as if they were sitting next to me. Finally I called at midnight to insist on another room which they gave me. However, the next day after walking around in this room for an hour in clean white socks...I noticed that the bottom of these socks were filthy with dirt, grime. Obviously this hotel very rarely shampoos the carpets. My basic perception was that the rooms had a dated, unclean vibe. I will not stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed my stay! I stayed at the Marriott Eaton Centre 7/21/05-7/25/05. My room, although plain with no view, was a nice size,the bed was wonderful and I do mean wonderful and the bathroom was clean and spacious. The plumbing could have used some maintainance and the hotel is ridiculously pricey. The staff was polite, friendly and extremely helpful. The location is great!I saw no insects or animals in my room. I heard no noise and I felt safe.I would not say it is the usual Marriott quality hotel and it cost way to much.But, if I can get a reasonable deal I would stay here again. It has a home away from home feel. My flight back to the states was canceled and when I requested lodging for an extra night my rate jumped to 259.00 per night.Although rooms are nice and location is good it is not worth that much.Still, I would recommend to others.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place - excellent hospitality I stay here regulary for business, and enjoy my stays very much. I book in advance so I don't get stuck at other hotels. The hospitality is great, and the staff remembers who I am when I go back. It's also quite cozy so it's almost like you're at home. My only advice is to ask for a room opposite the construction side...  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Traveller_HW
<Content>In need of refurbishment Stayed here for 7 nights. The hotel is in a great location and staff were efficient and polite. However, we were very dissapointed when we checked in to find that our sheets had stains on them and looked worn. The sheets looked as though they had not been changed when we checked in. We called reception at 3am to get them changed, they were apologetic and changed them immediately but even the 'new' sheets still had holes and looked worn! Dissapointed since this is suppose to be a 5 star establishment. Think it's in real need of refurbishment. Not good value.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awsome Stay Hi, we stayed at Marriott in March with a four year old and a teenager. We were upgraded to a nicer room simply when asking if our room would be big enough for all of us. That was great. They told us they would just send up extra cots for the kids. Few hours went by, and still no cots, and the four year old was getting tired. Called down twice, still no cots, finally my husband had to go down to complain at desk, finally 20 minutes later got both of the cots. The breakfast on room service and in the hotel (buffet and menu) are both pretty pricey (around 18$ each approx). There is a small area outside the restaurant that you can purchase coffee/muffins etc. which services starbucks coffee (for us Tim Horton's drinkers...not so great!!). Nice plush chairs to relax and drink, and you can sign the drinks up to your room. You can also sit there at night and have an pricey martini or other drink. There is a roadhouse type bar on one side of hotel, went there for pitcher one night, seems alright. We didn't eat at the steak bar though. The pool didn't have a shallow end for small children, so if you have a younger child you have to hold them the whole time. Hot Tub was good. Work out room is past the pool, seems to have quite a few good machines, small room though. Pool glass enclosed walls to see city from high up floor (top?). Expensive parking. ($something like $20 a day or something, so 3 days is pretty pricey).  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Service but watch out for bathrooms This hotel has excellent location and good service. Staff here is quite friendly and willing to help out. However, we were dismayed to find out that there were remnants of urine stains in the toilet seat. We had our 4 year old son in the room and he is toilet trained, but I guess he can't help but 'miss' sometimes. When we got back to the hotel from our day long outing, the room was nice and clean except for the bathroom. The rooms are OK but somewhat outdated. They didn't have a safe (important for passports) or refigerator (we requested one and they set it up in our room). We always choose Marriott whenever we take trips around the world (e.g. Paris), but this is one Marriott hotel I don't think I will come back to.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jmiddle565
<Content>Reviews misleading The 5 star reviews got us to stay at this mid range, no frills, plain ol hotel. We decided to stay there because the price difference between it and the Fairmont York, and you just sleep there. OH if we could do it over, it would have been so much worth it to splurge for the difference.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cyberdad
<Content>A fine hotel in a good location A good example of a big city Marriott that has its act together. Exceptionally well-run and well-maintained facility. Clean comfortable rooms, attractive public areas, excellent restaurant, and a friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable staff. A tad on the pricey side, but then again this is a major hotel in a major city. The prices here certainly aren't out of line when compared with comparable hotels in comparable cities. Especially given the prime location adjacent to Eaton Centre and within walking distance (or easy subway or taxi commute) to most of the major tourist attractions.  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent hotel       This is the view of the courtyard from my hotel room on the 6th floor.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not worth the price The Marriott Eaton Centre has to be one of the most overpriced hotels in the city. Everything about the hotel is fine, and therein lies the discrepency. I've stayed at many hotels in Toronto, and for less than $250, and received a better product and much better service than here. The closeness to the Eaton Centre is nice, but the gigantic construction zone around the hotel isn't. I've stayed at the Hilton, Sheraton and Cambridge Suites for far less $$ and had a much better experience. Avoid this hotel, it's just a cash cow for Marriott.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>traveller22
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed at this hotel, with our 2 young children, at the start of April 2005.We have prevoiusly stayed at 3 or 4 other hotels in Toronto over the last year at around the same price. We were very impressed with the hotel in general.We had breakfast and lunch at the Parkside restaurant in the hotel, the food was of a very high standard, and children less than three eat free ( it costs $7.95 for children over three for the breakfast buffet). The staff in the restaurant were both friendly and efficient.Our room was large, well furnished and clean. It was a non smoking room - at all other hotels in which we have stayed in Toronto have also given us non smoking rooms but all have smelt of smoke, this was not the case with the Marriott.The pool was quite small, but suitable for the children to use.The front desk staff were also friendly and helpful with any requests.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to stay in Toronto (we have high expectations from hotels, which can sometimes cause disappointment -not so this time!)  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Canotek
<Content>Surprisingly Fine Hotel Being frequent visitors to Toronto, we have stayed in many of the higher end hotels, and have always thought of Marriotts as being rather plebian. It was only because our first choices were unavailable we tried the Marriott Eaton Centre, and were pleasantly surprised. As a result we have stayed there again. On both occasions we have had corner rooms on the 14th floor with a terrace. The concierge lounge has a superbly friendly hostess, and a very adequate breakfast selection. The Parkside Restaurant is even better for breakfast, with a lovely view of Holy Trinity Church. The front desk staff is welcoming and helpful, and room service is efficient  cordial. An incident I found rather amusing was when the waiter arrived with our room service after- theatre late supper and came into our large corner room bearing food on trays, and realised there was insufficient place to put it down, other than on the bed. He then remembered he had left the room service table outside the door, and thought it might be a good idea to bring it in. In comparison with some of the more expensive hotels where this would be a faux pas, his earnestness to please under circumstances where he had not a great deal of experience was quite appealing. It indicated to me the effort the staff makes at this hotel to satisfy the guest.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good service I travel to Toronto alot and always use this hotel. It is convenient to my office, but I am always impressed the friendly and professional staff, nice rooms and good food. The restaurant always has plenty of fresh fruit and a great selection for breakfast. The room service is always on time and tastey...I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Watch out for the bugs. I was surprised, after reading the reviews on this site, and visiting the hotel the disparity that exists between the two. I must admit, the location is perfect! Right downtown, close to everything!I did however find the staff to be very indifferent, almost cold and the rooms to be on the smaller side. The worst part of the stay however was finding two LARGE insects or animals, something in the room! One was dead and under the chair in the room, and the other my husband saw scurrying across the floor. When we complained to the front desk, they didn't say sorry, they simply said they'd send someone up. Maybe this is common? Well, after 45 minutes, no one showed up so I called the desk again. They said he was called and must be busy. We waited another 20 minutes before anyone came. The gentleman was excessively rude, simply entered the room, removed the dead bug and looked VERY quickly over the rest of the room before saying Looks like we got em all. I was so frustrated. At check-out we mentioned it again, but nothing was done. This time the clerk did manage a sorry, but it was forced. Stay here if you can put up with bugs and indifferent staff. The location can't be beat.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! Great staff, friendly people, and amazing location for shopaholics!Rooms are clean, concierge is great, overall an excellent stay! Will definitely return!  
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel-Brilliant Staff I have just has my 2nd visit to this hotel in two years.Brilliant location if you like shopping! The Eaton Centre is marvellous..The staff at the hotel were polite and helpful at all times. And David and Paul the Concierges were very knowledgable and nothing was too much trouble.. The Parkside breakfast was the best buffet breakfast I have ever had. Can't wait for my next visit!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sha-Guy
<Content>Loved the hotel, Hated the view Hotel was beautifully kept. The complementary apples were a great bonus!! Location couldn't be better and the rooms were clean and large with big windows. However, did not love the view of the construction site. If you go there make sure you take a good look at the parking lot from your room. It looks like its about to collapse. Also I found that it was very hard driving to this hotel. Whats with the No Turns Signs!!!Breakfast was fantastic. Although I wouldn't recommend the bagels. If you go at certain times and its a clear day the sun is blinding!!The Gym and pool were on the 19th floor. Very reasonable gym, better then most that I have seen in hotels.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Typical Marriott This hotel was okay, nothing special. I think I must have missed what most people rave about.The room was a standard hotel room, nothing special or unique.The staff were welcoming, but not overly friendly.The rate was a little high, but the location is quite good. All in all, I'd say this hotel is ok. Price needs to go down a bit and staff friendliness up some.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overbooked, always oversold The other review is correct.I have twice been booked at this hotel only to arrive and find that they are overbooked, and moving me to another hotel.The first time I agreed and was put up in the Marriott on Bloor Street, the second time I was going to be sent to the Courtyard, but I faught it enough I guess they relented... I ended up staying here.Reserve somewhere else, unless you want to fight with the Front Desk staff, who aren't very empathetic. This hotel has a major overbooking policy and someone needs to examine this as it is not in the best interests of its clients. Good thing the other two Marriotts are good back-ups for them!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again The last time my husband and I stayed in Toronto we had made reservations with Marriott because of their reputation and our past experiences with the chain.Never again! We arrived at the Marriott Eaton-Centre (albeit somewhat late, around 8pm) only to find out the hotel was SOLD OUT, and we didn't have a room! (We had guaranteed our reservation, but apparently this didn't matter).The hotel sent us to the nearby Courtyard By Marriott, which, if you are familiar with Marriott's is their next step down type of Hotel. We enjoyed our stay there, but were put off by not being where we originaly had a confirmed reservation, right by the Eaton Centre. This other Marriott was a 10 minutes or so walk to the mall.The thing that bothered both my husband and I the most was that the Front Desk attendants seemed fake. They said sorry, but it was sing-songy and rehearsed and we both felt like they really didn't care about us and our frustration. I recommend booking elsewhere, we sure will. Save yourself the frustration and just book with the Courtyard by Marriott right away!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hamiltontraveller
<Content>Great time We spent just one night at the Marriott Eaton Centre last weekend while our kids were away at an overnight camp.We took a one night package that included parking and breakfast. We arrived at the hotel at 10:30 a.m. to park, do some shopping and stroll around and found the room was ready! We had a king room, a comfortable bed with many comfy pillows, a nice full-size sofa, large T.V. with many channels. There was a desk and office chair and coffee table. The furniture was all exceptional quality, the carpet looked brand new. We had a big window which overlooked some demolition next door and some cityscape. It was nice and bright. the bathroom was well equipped, pretty standard. We requested an upper floor and got the 17th.We asked for a fridge and bathrobes and they were delivered right away. We had the feeling they would do almost anything for you. (We asked for wine glasses and a corkscrew that evening and again no problem).The room was very quiet, the ice machine was at the very end of a hallway, so the previous reviewer must have been right beside it to notice the noise.We had their breakfast buffet the next morning, I'm glad we had the package, it was $19 a person otherwise. It was wonderful. Fresh made waffles, eggsand omlettes, hot dishes, fresh fruit, yogarts, pastries, everything you could imaging in a nice bright setting off the lobby.We looked at the pool and hottub on the 18th floor, nice view but we didn't use it.As has been said, the location is ideal, nice to stroll down Younge Street or do the Eaton Centre.We had in and out priviliges with the parking but didn't move the car. The package included parking for our stay with was more than a 24 hour period, so that worked out great.We would recommend this hotel. We checked out the Delta Chelsea down the street and found it very bussling, probably better for families though. We looked at one of their signature rooms and found it didn't compare at all to the Marriott's quality. The Marriott had more of a classy feel to it.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sherry68
<Content>Just okay I don't know why this hotel is rated so highly. I picked it based on the reviews for a one night theatre/restaurant/hotel package. For the other three nights in Toronto I gambled on Hotwire for a 4* hotel ($88) and was given the Intercontinental on Front Street. There is no comparison between the two. The beds at the Mariott were uncomfortable and the sheets felt like sandpaper (compared to our previous three nights at the Intercontinental).The room was much smaller and less attractive. The hotel is adequate, clean, and deserving of 3*. Yes there is a pool, relatively small and shallow throughout; but my daughter did get to swim. No complaints about the staff. I am not sure what is particularly desirable about the location. It is adjacent to the huge mall and in a busy downtown area; not walking distance to the theatre, waterfront, skydome, or CN tower.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A nice hotel for the price I paid! I recently stayed at the Marriott Eaton Centre for labor day weekend. I booked this totally last minute, 2 days prior to be exact. I called many hotels in Toronto and they all seemed expensive so I booked on Priceline and was given this hotel in the downtown area. The hotel cost me $85 US a night plus tax. This was a total bargain considering I called the hotel and their rate with them directly was more than double!! I could not believe I got such a good deal. Kudos to priceline. I will use them in the future.. This hotel was very convenient to downtown Toronto. The room was a typical Marriott, clean and comfortable. The bathroom was fairly spacious as well. The lobby was nice, as was the other public areas. The fitness center was extremely tiny, probably half the size of one of their rooms. I found it quite usless unless you wanted to just to cardio. The staff was friendly, but the concierge recommendations for dinner sucked. Do your own research before you go or talk to the residents.  All in all, the hotel was fine. It suited its purpose. I wanted to be near the gay village, but it was about a 15 minute walk away, 5 by cab. If you want a hotel closest to it, stay at the Courtyard by Marriott. It was the closest name brand hotel to the village. I don't know what their rates are directly, but probably not so cheap. Toronto has many hotels to choose from, so go out there and look for a deal like I did. Make sure to visit the CN tower and Casa Loma. Both great tourist attractions.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay and terrific service The hotel itself was terrific and the staff very knowledgable. I highly recommend JW's Steakhouse though. As good as the hotel room service was, this place has some excellent fare.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jcaan
<Content>Great Location Visited for a weekend for my wife's birthday.THE GOOD.Attached to the Eaton CenterLarge, clean roomNice breakfastTHE BADRooms close to the vending machine will more than likely be very noisy. We were initially assigned a room close to it, and you could hear the ice machine motor down the hall. There are two hallways in a V pattern, ask for the hallway that does not have the ice machine.My wife stays at the Marriott for business a few times per year. Her travel profile specifies a room on the highest available floor, away from the vending/ice machine and elevator. We were given a low floor. We asked for a higher floor and were given one. Before we got to the room we heard the ice machine motor. We immediately went back down to change the room, which they did. Why ask frequent visitors to create a profile then not use it.You have to pay for internet access. I was not going to pay for it so I didn't pay much attention to the billing information, but I think it's billed from noon to noon, as opposed to 24 hours. Seemed odd.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel and Location Stayed here for one night first week of August. Hotel is clean and beautiful. The location is great--right over the Eaton Centre. Easy connection to subway and easy walk to anything downtown. Park your car and forget about it.A little pricey for the vacationer (my room was almost 240 us with taxes although it beats staying outside the city and bucking traffic or making a questionable reservation at another hotel in the city and not feel secure.Go for it!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Toronto Marriott Large spacious rooms and a fab breakfast thrown in!If you are a shopping addict then stay here as you are seconds away from the BIGGEST shopping mall in Toronto  
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mark-UK
<Content>Friendly, Clean, easy to get around, a great 5 days Toronto was superb for a 5 day break. We split the trip up with 2 days in Niagara as well (Must do!).The Canadians we found friendly people. Not many citys can you wonder around late at night and not feel threatened.Whilst there, the locals got very passionate about an ice hockey game at the time (Stanley Cup). As a big Football (soccer) fan, it was great to see everyone buzzing about a sports game (especially against the US!!!)Anyway, some must do's... CN Tower (pick a clear day), and go all the way to the top. Theatre (Mama Mia) was excellent. Shopping was good (great excahnge rate for the Brits), and Toronto Islands was a superb contrast to the City.The Food was wonderful, we had a superb meal and service at The Keg and RD's was good too.We stayed at the Marriott Eaton Centre which was ideal. Nice comfy hotel near the Coach/greyhound station and Eaton Centre.Oh, we also stumbled across a few Timmothy Hortons. Wow that was some coffee. We kept going back! Sorry Starbucks, but you are missing something!All in all, a wonderful trip, made special by the warmth of the locals. Thanks!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>asader83
<Content>Close to everything! I thought this property was absolutely beautiful. The staff was quite friendly and the concierge was very helpful in directing us towards sights and restaurants. So much is within walking distance, that we walked nearly everywhere. Don't underestimate the subway system, either, easy to use and inexpensive. Great hotel, great proximity, great views, great staff.   
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jayman
<Content>This place ROCKS!!! I stayed at this hotel this past weekend and I must say I was very impressed. From check in to check out the entire staff, front desk, restaurant, etc, was friendly and personable. Also when I tried to tip the staff that opened and carried my luggage from the taxi it wasn't accepted as they said it is part of the service. The room was clean and had all the standard Marriott stuff. The bed was comfy and oh the buffet breakfast.....the only way to go. Kudos to them.......I will definately return to this hotel again when in Toronto.  
<Date>May 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>blues911_7
<Content>Well Worth the Visit My fiance, her children  I had the opportunity to stay at this location for a few nights the week before this past Easter. Booking through Priceline, have 3 children and 1 of them in a wheelchair, they provided us with a very large reception suite that had a murphy bed and 2 comfortable cot beds brought in.The suite was more than spacious enough for our needs and the service provided was absolutely excellent. A very modern  clean hotel attached to the Eaton`s Centre, I would highly recommend this Hotel.  
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Number 1 ! with my approval.. stayed there on package : Its time for a little T.O. March 23-24 2004...Very good value ! Excellent service, friendly staff, clean comfortable guest room, the many pillows and those mattresses are so cozy. Great location, the hotel is connected to large shopping mall, what else do you need ? I highly reccommend it .  
<Date>Apr 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>avoid this room avoid any room close to vending machine. Check rate directly to this Marriott website: do not use any discount and go to the second page. It has special rate which includes great breakfast and parking. top everything!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LindaH3
<Content>Wonderfully comfortable and convenient. We loved the hotel. Found the staff extremely friendly and helpful. Were surprised and delighted that the baggage handlers will not accept tips. The young woman who brought our bags in was charming, but the one when we left was having a bad day - surly. Breakfast buffet in the Parkside and dinner at JW's were outstanding! Not only was the hotel right at Eaton Centre but we were within walking distance of the Art Gallery of Ontario.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2003
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>marc1976
<Content>Absolutely Superb!   showReview(1447247, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great, relaxing stay!   showReview(1364195, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travelingraysgirl
<Content>Marriott Eaton Centre is The Best   showReview(1208632, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best hotel experience I have ever had!!!   showReview(1148262, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top class   showReview(1128790, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent overall stay!!   showReview(1024749, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice People   showReview(929302, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2003
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Family Hotel !!!   showReview(854471, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant Hotel   showReview(847635, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Comfortable and Welcoming   showReview(358325, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀵掋亜鍐仹銈傝Τ鍏夈兓璨枫亜鐗┿伀渚垮埄锛?#x201d;   showReview(22855996, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Guter Standort f眉r St盲dtereise   showReview(19643903, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Hotel   showReview(18526866, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀛︿細銇ф硦銇俱倞銇俱仐銇?..   showReview(21800636, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>10鏈?7鏃ャ亱銈夐€辨湯...   showReview(19922428, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

