<Author>flames12
<Content>bad service/prices I stayed at the Westin Waterfront for 5 nights for a conference. Charges for internet and food were all fairly steep (see below), but expected. What was not expected was the rude behavior of the staff. Perhaps a 20-something doesn't command the type of respect that the usual business class does, but wow. My room-mate was arriving into Boston before I was, yet I was not allowed to add his name to the room and so had to check in before he could access the room. Seriously?When I did check in, I was given a single King bed. When I told them that I reserved 2 beds, not 1, I was given a very rude response + lecture that I was mistaken. So I pulled out my reservation printed from my computer and was then told that all they had was a handicap room with two beds. It was fine, but not what you expect at these prices.I also stayed a night at the Doubletree Guest Suites. If you don't have to be near the convention center, I would HIGHLY recommend it over the Westin. They had larger and nicer rooms, great staff all at a much cheaper price. Some example prices from the WestinCalifornia omelet: $16.00Tazo tea: $6.001 day of internet access: $12.95PS - oh yeah, and there was never any hot water in the shower between 7-8 am.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>2	1	3	1	3	1	3	2	

<Author>WhollyHeretic
<Content>A comfortable stay My wife and I stayed here when we were up for a Red Sox game.Our stay was very nice and everything in the hotel is excellent quality. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was spacious. There were some nice views in the hotel but the one from our room was not great.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>nevertravels
<Content>You鈥檒l Be Fine Prompted by a Red Sox ticket offer from some friends and a day at the Science Museum thrown into the mix we decided an overnight in town would make the adventure easier. To be honest the Westin was not our first pick, nor was it the second, or third 鈥r even the top 10, but with a week left to reserve a room before the game date it quickly became our only choice. I was surprised at not just the room prices on Boston, but also the availability or lack there of. I鈥檓 not sure if it was a busy weekend, but we tried everywhere online and via telephone for a booking. I can say that there were no conventions that I was aware of during our stay. From the experience of our stay that may have changed our overall experience. After reading reviews I was a bit apprehensive as to what to expect from the place that had now become our weekend default. We are low key, no fuss family of four.The Weston is easy to find and easy to drive to. There are 4 levels of underground parking. You do not have to use valet parking. You can drive directly into the garage and self-park within steps to the elevators to the lobby. The garage was a bit of a tight fit with a full size truck. There would have been a problem if I did not have a couple of spaces to pick from. We checked in late on a Saturday and there were approximately by my count 15 spaces left. There is other 鈥渙n your own鈥?fee parking lots nearby and possibly some on street. There should be no parking fears here. The cost of parking for our one overnight stay was $30 and we were able to remain parked until 6pm the day of checkout. We were advised to keep our room key, swipe it and deposit it on our way out the gate. That came in handy as the game was to end sometime late in the afternoon. BTW a cab to Fenway Park from the Westin cost $15.00Check-in process was done in reasonable time. There was a good size line when we checked in. It took about 15 minutes. The lobby however, is a great space. Plenty of seating, tastefully decorated, with a bar and a much needed albeit a more expensive Starbucks than at home. On the converse, check-out was a snap. I say that having not seen a 鈥渇inal bill鈥?with all the charges applied, hidden or otherwise. We did not require any additional services.We called the hotel directly for reservations. The room was a Double/Double 14th floor facing the Cruise terminal and the end of the Logan runways. Plenty to look at if you wish to sit and catch your breath for a few. I do wish a Queen/Queen was available for our stay. The room was well furnished in a contemporary styling, great bedding, nice carpet and window treatment. I will say the addition of flat screen televisions have made any room seem bigger and more stylish. There were plenty of channels that kept us well entertained and informed. The AC worked well although it seemed a bit loud. A steady woosh of air out of the vent was much like that of a large fan. This did cancel out most of the hallway noise that tends to be prevalent on a busy weekend, but it did not cover up the door closings or slammings as mentioned by other reviewers. Noise wise, it was far from what could be considered dead quiet. The bathroom was great. Full lighting, Kohler fixtures, double shower heads, very easy to use. As mentioned in a previous review there is no bath fan only a vent that provides natural draft venting. Skeptical I was, but it does work for odors and steam, it just may take a bit longer. There was one bathrobe in this room that was available for use. The iron in this room was broken and would not heat. The family raved about the pool and hot tub. Both were used on two separate days. Use room key to enter the pool area, towels provided there, kid friendly (parental supervision) and if I鈥檓 not mistaken accessible 24hrs. We decided not to eat at the restaurant in the lobby. This decision was gauged on our energy level and the appearance that it may have been too expensive for its value. Based on a few recommendations we walked (10min) to Salvatores, who but the way, serve colossal portions. Good food, well worth it and the foot traffic in the area seemed livelier than everyone has mentioned. It felt like a generally safe area. The next morning we opted for a quick bite and a latte at Starbucks instead of a sit down or eat-in breakfast. Overall I would now consider the Westin our without fault, default. Not at the airport, not near Fenway or Quincy Market BUT, we got great a value that suited our need. Based on the savings we saw compared to the other hotel offerings, it鈥檚 鈥渙ut of the wayness鈥?was less of a hindrance when balanced with its cost. Quite clean, still new looking, well kept common areas and I thought the room was very well cleaned. What ever notions or hesitations you may have about staying here all we can say is, 鈥淵ou鈥檒l Be Fine鈥? We would not hesitate to stay again in the future.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>MissFribourg1978
<Content>Stay at Copley Place instead My husband and I stayed at the Westin Boston Waterfront for just one evening in October 2008, while we attended a two-day conference at the Convention Center. I was disappointed we weren't at Copley Place (Boston has two convention centers), as the waterfront location was pretty desolate that weekend.Our room had a large fluffy bed and one upholstered chair with an ottoman. My husband, who has better eyesight than I, warned me not to sit in the chair, then proceeded to point out the skid mark (I kid you not) on the seat cushion. Horrified and disgusted, I flipped the cushion over, to discover a large dark stain on it. Needless to say, we did not sit in that chair.Because we were there for just one night, and spent minimal time in our room, I waited until we checked out the following morning to alert staff. They were concerned and very apologetic. But who is supervising the cleanliness of these rooms? The convention sponsor had provided us the room, and maybe if we had been paying, I would have raised hell upon check-in. But this is a Westin!! Yikes.We stopped at the Starbucks on the morning of our check-out (and this is probably better suited to a separate review), but they do not toast bagels, and only provide bendy plastic knives for schmearing the cream cheese. THAT is a problem with Starbucks, however, not the Westin.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>Asaptraveler
<Content>Great Stay Stayed for 2 nights at this beautifully appointed Westin. Although it is a business hotel with the convention center right next door, it provided us a great Boston experience. It is in a newly restored wharf area with a brand new T station right across the street. They have a Starbucks and indoor pool on the property with heavenly beds and baths. Staff was very professional. Check out the Seaport deli across the street for breakfast, and lunch. This may seem out of the way, but it is the same distance to Boston attractions as the Copley Westin for a lot less. Would stay here again. Loved it.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BermudaBum
<Content>Good Price, Nice Stay My wife and I decided on a whim to have dinner (Petit Robert Bistro in Kenmore Square)in Boston last Saturday, so, being an SPG member and looking for points, I looked up rates at all Boston-area Starwood properties - Found a deluxe king room here at the Westin Waterfront for under $160 ! The hotel's very easy to find from the highway, and the T's right across the street. (Took the Silver Line to South Station, hopped on the Red Line to Park St, picked up the Green there - Not exactly rocket science, and it took about a half hour). We found the decor in the lobby to be very pleasant and relaxing, and enjoyed the white tea scent piped in. At check in, we were asked whether we would prefer a higher or lower floor, which I though was very nice, and, after expressing our preference for a high floor, were given a room on the 8th, an SPG member floor.  The room was modern and comfortable, and we didn't have any problems with noise from other guests like some previous reviewers, even though the hotel was fairly full this weekend. After dinner across town, we stopped at City Bar off the lobby - Nice vibe, good drinks, not too crazy-priced. It was fun to compare this location to the other City Bar we know, at the Lenox in Back Bay - That one was a little more happening, I guess, with more apparent locals, as opposed to the mix of conference types, etc here. So all in all, we got a good deal, had no problems, found nothing to prevent us from considering this hotel one of our Boston options.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gjv001
<Content>Well above average experience Enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>PlainsWoman
<Content>Overpriced and over full of itself       The famous double shower head  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	1	3	1	1	1	

<Author>FarolLisboa
<Content>Excellent hotel, but not good location for downtown In terms of amneties, and all the services of the hotel, I found it excellent, including the building and a very professional staff. Location for downtown in not good because in the the subway you have to change twice, however for the airport is most convenient.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	4	4	5	

<Author>TravelJudge
<Content>Smart, modern hotel The Westin is a smart, modern hotel adjacent to the convention centre, about 10 minutes easy walk from the railway station. It has everything you would expect to find in this style of hotel with the added advantage of great, unobstructive views from the higher floors.The room was spacious, well appointed and comfortable. If I was sent to Boston on business (I wish!), I'd want to stay at the Westin.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>bostowyo
<Content>Good looks but noisy We stayed for one night while attending a wedding. It was very convenient to the wedding location. The hotel caters to the convention crowd and certainly feels like a large, chic, urban hotel. The decor is very contemporary and minimal. The heavenly bed and heavenly shower are truly very nice and the room was open and airy with large windows. Check-in and out were very efficient. Parking was an additional fee even for those staying at the hotel. My chief complaint with this hotel is a seemingly complete lack of soundproofing. It was very noisy in our room. We could clearly hear other guests having normal conversations in their rooms. I think that's pretty inexcusable in a brand-new hotel.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>kliz15
<Content>It's a Westin only by name. As a loyal SPG member I was pleased to find this new Westin when I started planning my fall trip to New England. We were not worried about the proximity to downtown and thought this would be a great place to stay as our home base. We traveled to Vermont, Maine, New Hampshire, Connecticut and Rhode Island. The hotel served to be a perfect place to jump onto the highways and avoid the big city. We did take a few drives downtown but the streets are insanely confusing and the crowds are out of control. (And don't bother asking any locals or the valet for directions. Everyone is clueless!!!!!) We went to Fenway Park for ALCS Game 4 and found it easier to take a cab. It was about $20 each way with tip. Parking by the stadium was $40 so it was worth the convenience. If you want to drive downtown to park and have dinner most places charge about $20. So that鈥檚 a little maddening. But to be honest there were very few restaurants there worth checking out. PF Changs  Cheese Cake Factory are the best but they鈥檙e also available if you take a drive outside the big city. We found solace in Medford. Grocery shopping at Super Stop and Shop, Subway, Chipotle, Bertucci鈥檚. The other way dowards Dedham we found Target, Old Navy, Five Guys Burgers  Fries. The rooms were comfortable. I had a 14th floor room overlooking the waterfront. A lovely view. The bed was wonderful  the rooms were VERY Clean which was a blessing. The tub was sparkling and even the grout was perfect. Good job housekeeping. But that鈥檚 were it stops. My poor husband went to pull the towel off the rack our 2nd night and there were splotches of stuff all over it. Either vomit or blood. NASTY. I called housekeeping and they came and picked up the towel to see our concern and said they'd refresh the towels. (Duh, they were all used anyway!) I had my baseball tickets sent to the hotel and they charged me $10 for the courtesy of signing for me. By the way they never told me that until I got my bill!!! UNBELIEVABLE!!! They charge you $5 to use the computer in the business center and $1.50 per page to print. I was told that they do this because this is a convention center and run by an independent company. Valet is $41 and run by the city. (But that is clearly posted). Finally my room had bar charges that were posted to my room that were not ours. When we went to dispute the $10  the bar charges, we were refunded the bar but the $10 was left because 鈥渢hey could do nothing about it.鈥?I went back later and spoke to a manager and he took it off. I was pretty ticked that this hotel has no amenities for the SPG Gold members. I have stayed dozens of times at SPG properties over the years and have never been nickel and dimed like that before.Bottom line: The hotel is clean, comfortable and conveniently located just outside downtown and if you have a car, a great place to jump on highways. Be prepared to be charged for every little thing because it鈥檚 a convention center and apparently it鈥檚 normal protocol for those types of facilities. P.S. the price of $500+ per night is ridiculous. I used points to get the rate down. But I鈥檇 never pay that to stay there!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	2	4	2	3	1	

<Author>Kamtini
<Content>Great stay at the Westin The Westin Boston Waterfront is a lovely hotel. Its public areas and rooms are decorated beautifully. The staff was professional, the gym was well-equipped, and the room was spotless and nicely furnished. My 10th floor room, overlooking the harbor in the distance, was also very quiet. The only minor complaints regarding this hotel is that the room service food was not up to par (really - I had better food in the Sioux Falls, SD Holiday Inn last month!) and the hotel's location. I was in Boston for work so didn't mind the travel necessary to reach downtown - it was further than I had expected, though. There are few restaurants (most of them pricey ) within walking distance, so you generally need to taxi downtown to really enjoy Boston. If you are in Boston for pleasure, I suggest you book downtown because it is a fantastic city to walk around in - beautiful architecture, wonderful shopping and great dining. This is my third stay in Boston and I still have to recommend the Marriot Copley (see review) as my favorite - both for convenience and service. I would, however, stay here again if I was in town for business.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	2	5	4	4	3	

<Author>SouthFLTraveler
<Content>Great Location for a Cruise       Westin - Outside  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>annievee
<Content>Great Hotel if attending a conference Stayed during a conference. Problem with the hotel testing their announcements and firealarm during our conference sessions which was unpleasant. A little out of the way but they do have shuttles to Faneuil Hall and such. Note that the shuttle is really a large SUV and can only accommodate about 6 or 7 people. Be early and get IN or you will have to wait a 1/2 hour for the next.Did a prepay online at spg and saved almost 100 dollars on the price. Was even given a beautiful room overlooking the city and harbour!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>TripleJJJ
<Content>NEW but not noteworthy We recently stayed at the Westin Wterfront Hotel in Boston, yes it is new but definitely not noteworthy. First of all, the name is misleading. The hotel is not located on the waterfront. Our room was on the ninth floor, had windows facing two different directions, and we could see a bit of the harbor in the distance. We were told that the location was two blocks from the cruise terminal...not exactly! We hired a taxi and were glad that we did!The hotel has very limited shuttle service. If you are planning on touring Boston, stay in town, becausetheir shuttle only operates about four hours a day. Taxi service is readily avaiable.The reception staff was efficient but not friendly; the Concierge desk was courteous, the housekeeping staff was sufficient, and the restaurant was average. The room was large, but not exceptional. After staying at The Westin Beijing, Financial District this spring (absolutely incredible) I found everything about the Westin Waterfront to be mediocre except for the price. This is a convention center hotel.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bernies_mom
<Content>Great staff, typical Westin -- Skip the restaurant I like Westin Hotels, the beds, the showers and the drinks. The staff was fantastic, friendly helpful, far above expectations.The hotel is a way from Boston and beware of walking distances -- what was described as a 1/4 mile walk was really 2 miles, they are a walking city so take good shoes. There aren't a lot of restaurants in the area so you end up tacking a pretty pricy cab ride onto any trip. Most rooms do have a pretty view of the water.This hotel fails on it's restaurant -- Sauciety -- a play on words combining sauce and society. Seriously -- can they stop trying so hard to invent things. When you are traveling if you are so tired you are eating in the hotel restaurant, you don't want some weird crap on your plate. We ordered off the menu instead of the buffet for breakfast and were punished with the typical hotel 25 minute wait for your food, then our eggs were over cooked, while I recognize the need to put vinegar in the poaching water, I think they forgot the water and then they served home fries which were so overseasoned with some southwest mix they could not be eaten. We tried our luck a second time for lunch. Had a WONDERFUL mushroom bisque soup and a burger which was buried under some concoction of onion sugar and vinegar that was ICE cold. Who wants their hot food doused with an ice cold sauce? It was AWFUL and lunch for two people, two burgers, two cups of soup and two waters was over $60 -- which is insane. The atmosphere did not warrant that nor did the food quality.Accolades to the front desk staff -- go find a new chef!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>katyjg
<Content>Loved this Hotel Loved this hotel - we stayed for 3 nights whilst on our honeymoon and thought it was great. We had booked a suite and although it wasnt what we would describe as a suite - two room joined together so you have a sitting room and then a seperate bedroom, it turned out to actually work quite well. The breakfast was great but pricey if its not included in your room rate. We ate in the bar one night - didnt fancy going out - great cocktails, try the french 75, and a very nice burger.Its a bit of a walk into town but it didnt bother us - weather was lovely and it only took 15 mins to get to the centre of things. Its not a very touristy hotel - mostly used by people going to the conference centre so if your looking for something more geared towards tourists and near all the action this hotel isnt for you!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>ChristosToronto
<Content>Totally worth the price Bottom line is: The short distance to the Silver line makes it totally worth it for the cheaper price on the hotel. Forget all the previous cry babies that have posted before. Unless you have trouble walking then this is perfect for you. Do your homework on the subway ahead of time if its your first time. Spend the $15 at the airport to get the weekly pass if you're staying for a few days. Totally worth it, plus the convenience factor.Its 10 minutes at most from the airport. And 10-15 minutes to downtown. Its 2 stops to the red line. its nothing. Silver line is clean and brand new. it feels desolate when you step out of the subway but who cares? $300+ for downtown boston or $160/night for a short subway ride. Boston is not a big city. Don't be fooled by the map.This hotel was very clean. nice lobby. Zero issues. When my wife first picked this hotel I thought we were in the boonies. It feels like you are but really you are not.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Daryl_G
<Content>fine hotel but desolate location Stayed at this hotel because it was within walking distance of a tradeshow I attended but, that was the only thing that was within walking distance in this sterile area of town. The lobby is big, nice, modern and airy. The rooms are nice and comfortable. Staff somewhat aloof and cool but I've read in other reviews that this is typical of Boston. You are on your own if you want a taxi.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	4	2	3	

<Author>cfitzge
<Content>Too many fees... I was excited to stay the weekend at this hotel, it would normally be out of my price range, but I got a good deal from someone who could not use the room and could not get his money back. The room itself did not disappoint. It was a nice room, the bed was extremely comfortable鈥攖he 鈥渉eavenly bed,鈥?the 鈥渉eavenly shower,鈥?was also quite nice, I was a little disappointed in the cleanliness of the bath, I expected at an upscale hotel that I would feel comfortable actually taking a bath; I did not.Being on a budget I was unhappy with the number of extra fees. The worst one was $31 a day to park your car in the garage. In that area of Boston there is no street parking, and with the cheapest room being around $300/night I think they could have included parking with the room rate. Another fee that I was surprised to find was the fee to connect to the Wi-Fi. I stayed at a Holiday Inn Express (which was about $100 a night) a couple months ago, and free Wi-Fi in ever room. Again, it is an amenity that is advertised on their website to attract customers, but there is a huge charge for the service. In room movies were $9 each, again, at the Holiday Inn they were around $5 or $6.Maybe, it鈥檚 just because I am used to travelling on a budget and if you have big bucks you don鈥檛 mind spending them鈥ut I was just disappointed, I thought that for a higher price more amenities would be included, not less. I did not find the staff particularly helpful, the front desk person would not give me the cost of certain services, but said I had to come down and get a list from the 鈥渉ost鈥?(concierge). I often got transferred around on the phone line trying to figure out who I needed to talk to get an answer about certain questions I had鈥nd I feel as if the woman who checked me in was just plain snobby. No one offered to help me with my bags or get a baggage cart; they said that they only offer that if you pay for the valet parking. I enjoyed the large hotel and the comfortable room, it was a long walk to the garage to get your car, but it鈥檚 a difficult part of Boston to navigate anyway. I am originally from about 20 miles north of there, but I got lost several times. It is not really close to very many attractions...or at least not close enough to walk; you would have to take a cab. There is the Children鈥檚 Museum, The New England Aquarium, and The Science Museum, but again, not within walking distance (especially if you have children); there is a T station about 陆 to 戮 of a mile away. The hotel is huge and very open. And I think poorly designed; I want to be able to go down to the gym or pool and just run into hotel staff and guests, not everyone getting a coffee at the Starbucks on the way to work, taking a date to dinner at the expensive restaurant, or going out of overpriced martinis at one of the two bars at the hotel. I also got lost in the hotel several times. Getting in and out of the garage was also an issue鈥攊t is not at all marked and often when you see an exit sign it is an exit for a person and not a vehicle.The good parts were the room was large and comfortable, the bed and shower were awesome. I鈥檓 sure that the views in some of the rooms are great, the one I had (the cheap one $300/night) overlooked the parking garage and the building under construction next door. All in all, this seems like it would be a great hotel if you were travelling for business, it is right next to the convention center in Boston. But, not a good hotel if you just want to get away and pamper yourself or have a nice family vacation. If you want to stay at a higher end hotel in Boston for leisure, I would recommend the sister hotel Westin Copley  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	1	2	2	1	1	

<Author>hankark
<Content>Lacking The Extras We stayed here for 6 days in August 2008. Everything is clean and in order. Overall I found the Hotel to be kind of boring. Not very warm or inviting. Somewhat austere. One restraunt very stark and formal and expensive. Basically no reason to leave the room unless leaving the hotel. And then it is not very convienently located to find other restraunts. Certainly not worth paying their askng price. LOVED BOSTON THOUGH!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	5	3	3	3	

<Author>travelers_us
<Content>Overrated / overpriced Best part of room were the bed and dual shower heads in bath! Room size average, bathroom average size -- in fact, about the same size of our $80. Ramada Inn hotel room. Worst part was the service (bathrobe from previous guest still hanging in room, no refrigerator available, room view (paid $339/night) looked into a parking garage -- had to request/demand room change and finally got a good view. Room service and restaurant overpriced! Not enough concierge staff /desk clerks. Concierge not very helpful - asked for help in getting a car rental but only to be told we should have planned better (needed the car the following a.m.) and that rental agency was already closed for the evening. Ended up calling an 800-number and getting the car on our own without trouble. Location very good if attending conference in convention center. But otherwise, no other restaurant/eateries in close proximity without taking a cab or the T.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>Sightseer001
<Content>Nice Room--Awful location My husband and I stayed at the Westin Waterfront while he attended a convention at the new convention center next to the hotel. The room was nice and the Heavenly Bed was aptly named. The service was below average. The first employee that we met, the doorman, was delightful, but after that encounter, no one else ever offered any assistance.The biggest negative is the location. There is a T stop about a block away, but the Silver Line only goes to the Airport and South Station. We had to transfer 2, 3 or 4 times to get anywhere. Good hotel for conventioneers who don't want to do anything else, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who wants to experience Boston.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	1	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Foodwise
<Content>great for a business trip Nice rooms, nice bathrooms-marble/kohler--typcial Westin style, nice view, not waterfront-but city view, spacious rooms. staff fairly courteous, but not always accurate with registration or basic cab fare information. Food was fairly tasty, but overpriced--especially the $9 almonds from the mini bar. Overall, a fine stay for business, but not for generic tourist sightseeing.walls are thin and if you're a light sleeper you will not enjoy these rooms-need ear plugs and respectful neighbors to keep quiet during the times when people should be quiet.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	2	2	3	4	

<Author>luxlovernyc
<Content>Adequate Westin As a Starwood preferred guest, I've stayed at many Westins. This one was merely adequate. As others have noted, the location is really poor -- completely out of the way, although you can walk to the North End in about 25 minutes. The room had a good view -- floor-to-ceiling windows and the heavenly bed, which was good. But otherwise, just a standard room, although clean. The lobby was cavernous and lacking any charm and there was always a long line for the desks. They don't appear to have enough staff. Valet parking was over $40! We never ate at the hotel, but did enjoy having the STarbucks in the lobby. The gym and pool were nice. All in all, it was fine, but I wouldn't choose to stay there again,given all the great hotels in Boston more centrally located and it certainly wasn't inexpensive.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	1	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Stans2
<Content>Sheesh! Really average and really pricey--perhaps because its next to Convention Center--feels like an airport--not an airport hotel, an airport---rooms are okay and for 4 bills, yikes!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>8600
<Content>The Good, The Bad and The Ugly The GoodNew hotel in a quiet part of townClose to metro The Old Town Trolley stops directly in front of the hotelCabs are always available The front desk staff are very helpful when it came to checking us in and outOur group arrived after lunch at about 2:30 by this time lunch was not being served, however the bartender asked the kitchen to prepare lunch for us...maybe the Westin should consider having him teach a Customer Service Class to other members of staffThe rooms are large, clean and the beds were comfortableThe BadA few reviewers mentioned this and it's true...the wall are paper thinThe concierge service is inconsistent...sometimes they answer the phone, however most times they don'tThe same goes for the shuttle service...it would be nice to have all day service 7 days a weekInconsistent service at Sauciety (the hotel restaurant)The Starbucks in the lobby does not accept Starbucks CardsThe UglySome of the staff at Sauciety (the hotel restaurant) need customer service training. Our group had brunch on Sunday, Aug. 10, 2008 and came across the most horrific waitress I have ever have the grave displeasure of meeting. Once we seated she came over after we were seated for approximately 15 minutes. She offered us orange juice but we told her we would like tea service first, then our juices later. After serving the tea she never bothered to return to our table to remove empty dishes etc. She did however returned to rudely take the tea caddy to another table. She never asked if we were finished or needed any additional assistance. Mind you she was very attentive to the table directly behind us and opposite us. Hotel management will be hearing from me about this situation in more detail.I would stay at his hotel again because I truly believe that they are just experiencing temporary growing pains.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>oreoegirl14
<Content>Nice facilities but horrible hotel! I was very disappointed in this hotel. Considering the rooms are 400 dollars a night on a weekend during the summer, I expected much more. The lobby and pool area was nice, however the rooms were very small, yet the bathrooms were large. Yet, what I hated about this hotel is the LOCATION! It took about a half hour to walk to the shopping area and restaurants! The hotel had a free shuttle service to downtown, yet it only ran a few hours a day and stopped running completely at 730pm. Plus, this hotel should NOT be named Waterfront, considering the view of the water is blocked by highways and construction. The hotel is not on the water, which was my prior assumption. Lastly, do not eat breakfast here! It is overpriced and the waitress was not friendly, she kept insisting for me to purchase the buffet, when clearly I did not want to. Even the concierge was rude. He hardly directed me to where I want to go, I was greatly offended.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	1	5	3	2	3	

<Author>twin123185
<Content>Really Nice Place To Stay My wife had a conference next door so I tagged along!Perfect location for conventions - a bit of a walk to the financial district but a short walk to public transportation. it was a $20 cab ride from the airport but it would have been $2 by The T if I had researched how to get there from the airport !Rooms were excellent - the shower and beds were great.A/C was awesome - especially in the lobby.Food in the restaurant very good as well though a bit overpriced I felt. We had a very nice stay and would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>3wheelers
<Content>Not a convenient hotel Nice Hotel, but they charge you $30 a day to park, it's a hike to get to almost any attraction in the city, they charge you hourly for internet access, and the front desk/concierge is so busy that service requires a fair amount of waiting. All in all, Westin is a good chain of hotels, but this Westin was far over-priced for the service and lack of convenience. We researched a few hotels before we traveled to Boston and everytime we made our hike past the Longham we wished we'd booke there instead. Also, the subway/bus/public transit system connects near the hotel, but it is a real pain to navigate and you have to pretty much switch trains at every stop to get where you are going from here. If you haven't been to Boston, its a real walking city. You'll want to be closer to the action, not on the outskirts by the convention center (ofcourse if you're going to a convention, the center is right next to it)  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	1	4	2	2	1	

<Author>Aahoffy
<Content>Beautiful hotel My husband and I stayed at the Westin Boston Waterfront from August 1 to August 3, 2008. We booked our trip along with airfare through Travelocity Last Minute trips. Because of this, I can't exactly say how much we paid for our room at the Westin -- we chose it soley on it being a 'luxury' hotel and because of the 'Heavenly Bed'.That said, this Westin is definitely beautiful although I wouldn't exactly call it 'waterfront'. We took a water taxi over from Logan International Airport, just for the fun of it ($10/per person vs. $2/per person on the subway). We though we'd be getting off of the water taxi and strolling a block to the hotel. More like hiking about 4 huge city blocks. Folks, it is soooooooooo not on the waterfront! Just fyi. It wasn't the end of the world but kind of a surprise.The lobby was very zen-like with tall birch trees (yes, in the lobby) and modern furnishings. We arrived at 11am and decided to stop in to see if we could check in early. No problem, they had a room ready. That was really nice since that prevented us from lugging our bags all around town for most of the day. The check in was smooth. The clerk asked us if we wanted the key to our minibar but we declined knowing we could spend a fortune if we had it in our posession. Our room was a king size bed, city view room on the 11th floor. We had a great sweeping view of Boston and a partial view of the harbor. Very nice. The room was clean and cool. The bed was covered in bright white linens and the furniture was dark wood. Nice wide flatscreen TV. No clutter. Masculine, modern, very swanky. The only problem we had early on was a complete abscense of toiletries --- no soaps, shampoo, lotion, etc. I called the Service Express folks and asked for 'toiletries'. Perhaps it was my mistake because, although there was a delivery made in around 15 minutes, they delivered a plastic bag filled with razors, q-tips, cotton balls,mini combs, toothpaste/brush, nail polish remover. No soap, no shampoo. We called for those items specifically when we returned that night. We also only had one robe, no slippers and the water was loud when the folks above us ran theirs. Alas, all of that was minor and made no real impact on our enjoyment of the hotel.We ordered room service twice. Everything was excellent. Totally overpriced with a $3.50 'delivery charge' plus 18% gratuity and a 5% sales tax. Outrageous but that didn't stop us because, well, room service is such a treat! Breakfast was wonderful and we'd order it all over again :)Oh, the bed --- absolutely 100% heavenly. It was awesome. We skipped going out our second night to stay in, rent a movie and drink beers in that bed. It was that good.The hotel's location is convenient to the subway stop at the World Trade Center. One trip on the subway is only $2. Don't make the silly mistake we did and take a taxi to the Sam Adams Brewery in Jamaica Plain. There is a subway stop just about 3 smaller city blocks from this brewery. Also, Boston is very 'walkable' and we did alot of it. There is even a website called Walk Boston that has maps letting you know how many minutes it takes to walk all over town. That said, this particular hotel is away from the center of the city action so if that is what you like, this isn't the one for you. We would stay here again as it was a beautiful hotel with really comfortable beds, great water pressure (forgot to mention that!) and helpful staff. It is pricey but we felt that we got what we paid for.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>GamecockGirl
<Content>Gorgeous hotel but customer service is lacking WIth some re-thinking of its customer service approach, this hotel could easily go from just OK to excellent. The facilities are by far the high point. Our room was spacious, clean, attractive, and modern with comfortable beds. The bathroom was larger than expected, well-lit, and very tastefully decorated, with a Heavenly Shower that lived up to its name. The hotel lobby is active, beautifully decorated, and welcoming, with lots of places to sit and enjoy the natural light coming in through the large lobby windows. We worked out at the gym and found it to be well-equipped for our needs. The indoor pool is next door to the gym, and the guests we saw swimming (mostly families) seemed to be enjoying themselves. Though the location appears to be in a growing part of the city that is being renovated -- lots of construction in the area -- we didn't find it to be an unappealing location. There are some decent restaurants within walking distance, and a reasonable cab ride took us to Fenway (we were in the city to see a game there). It would probably be a less appealing location for folks who wish to do lots of walking to plentiful retail outlets and fun tourist attractions. To us, the unappealing part of the hotel was something some other folks have referenced in their reviews -- the lack of can-do attitudes and customer service-focus in some of the employees. The restaurant is a good example -- it offers a breakfast buffet which is fairly tasty (but not cheap), but, alas, both days that we ate there, we noticed that there just weren't enough servers for all the tables and very few workers bussing tables. Tables sat with huge piles of plates on them for periods of 20 minutes or longer while other diners patiently waited for seating. Other tables remained empty altogether for long periods of time (maybe the staffing for those tables was not available?). However, the hostess stand was packed with people eager to eat (we noticed about 50 people, in addition to us, waiting to get in the restaurant, and that size crowd continued the whole time we ate). Some were frustrated that they had been told the wait was 15 minutes then had to wait 30-45 minutes. Some people left before their parties were called for seating. Meanwhile, I saw two restaurants employees in the dining room reading magazines and looking bored while guests buzzed about them, looking for help (maybe the employees were on break, but they were burning time in plain view of all the guests -- not very professional looking on break or not on break). Both mornings in the restaurant we saw these same kinds of sights. We wondered aloud how much more money the restaurant would be making with some new management on the scene and theorized that it would be a huge increase in revenue with some new direction. The whole scene just lacked efficiency and direction on the management front. The servers looked frustrated and harried.We also encountered the lack of customer service approach when it came to things like valet service, waiting about 35 minutes to get our car. When we asked two other employees out front if they could please help us track down our car, they all seemed to want to try to avoid doing any additional work. No one said they would check on it for us and see if the car had been picked up yet. Instead, they all said, I'm sure it's on the way, and declined to take any responsibility for researching the situation. That was frustrating, as we had flights to catch and the time window was getting tighter and tighter, particularly for my flight, as we waited. I ended up bailing out and got a cab to the airport, due to time panic, and my friends continued to wait for the car. (I did make my flight, which was good! :) )We did encounter an especially friendly, attentive bartender (I wish I had gotten his name) who seemed to take pride in his job and made us feel valued as customers. But I can't recall another employee who was as customer-service oriented.It's such a beautiful hotel -- it's a shame that the staffing/management part of things isn't as good as the facilities. I think we'll choose another hotel in Boston next time. BTW - I noticed long check-in lines as we were heading out. :(  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	-1	1	4	

<Author>anthonyttt
<Content>nice stay a great place to stay if you are going to a convention which I was, very clean and wellkept rooms. The flat screen t.v. was a plus, as was the bathroom.Location was the only problem with the hotel. Costly breakfast ($23.00) we found a deli across the street which was more reasonable. Location was far away from everything but within walking distance.They have a shuttle that eill bring you to Quincy market or the North end.Very friendly female driver and front desk people.The doorman were very helpful.Would stay again for a convention.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Tilly&Kyle
<Content>Beautiful Hotel This is a beautiful hotel, with very luxurious rooms. The beds are very comfortable. I have never experienced such great lighting in a bathroom EVER! The staff was very friendly, even when my husband dropped our car keys down an elevator shaft. Maintenance was called immediately, and our keys were returned within 10 minutes. (much to my husband's relief) We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stoutbrewer
<Content>Excellent stay We had a excellent stay on our Boston vacation. The staff were always available when we had a question. Check in was fast despite a convention registering just before us. This hotel is not located in the city center. However we had no problem navigating with our car or on mass transportation. A good GPS. is a must for Boston. I realize from some of the reviews, we are more adventurous than most people. The view of the waterfront and Logan Airport across the harbor was relaxing. Our room was very quiet. We never heard anyone in the next room or hallway. My son loved the pool and the soft beds. We always felt safe venturing out at night walking to a restaurant. One night we found a Italian Restaurant that had great to go pizza. There is a Micro Brewery around a ten minute walk away. It's closed on Sunday and Mondays. We used the free WiFi in the lobby area. I didn't see the need to pay for it up in the room just to check email. The compliant we had was with having to Valet park our car. If you want fast food and shopping out the door this Hotel is not for you.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	2	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>pitbullrn1
<Content>CONVENTION OK,NOT VACATION I just finished a 4 day stay for a business conference in Boston, where I traveled alone. Good: Loved,loved,loved the mirrors in the bathroom. The light goes completely around the mirror, so you don't have those hideous overhead shadows making you look like a ghoul! Ditto for the makeup mirror...such clarity! Loved the smell upon arrival, very clean and relaxing. In-room Starbucks coffee a plus, as was the nice comfy bathrobe (once I got it, see below). The lobby is spacious and calming as well, especially at night. I used the fitness center daily...loved the individual TV screens on the equipment!Bad: Rude employees at Starbucks and the hotel giftshop! They did not greet me, nor was there a 'thank you!. In fact, the clerk never said a word during an entire transaction in the gift shop!! There is only one restaurant, which is OK, but overpriced. There are NO restaurants close by, so I hope your convention includes meals! Our conference did include meals, which were exceptionally good. The pool is to small for anything other than splashing around. My television recieved few channels, more news and sports than anything else. What I really wanted was nice background music, and all I had to choose from was a small bedside radio which was mostly static. I had to call for my 'complementary robe that I found I was supposed to have from the note on the (empty) hangar on the back of my bath door. But the worst part about the stay was THE NOISE from the hallway!!! Unless you take great care in closing the door manually, they SLAM! And ANYONE talking in a normal voice in the hall is completely heard inside the room. No spa service, but the concierge told me I could have an In-room massage for $135.Bottom line: if your conference is here, OK, but know you'll have to take a taxi for anything not provided by your conference. Also, bring earplugs or white noise to block the INSIDE NOISE.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	5	5	2	5	

<Author>mtrunner
<Content>Okay Hotel But Terrible Location for Restuarants etc. I stayed at the Westin since I was attending a conference. Admittedly the hotel is great if you are attending a conference but that is about the only benefit of the hotel. There are very few choices in terms of restuarants and bars in the area. The few places that are close by Morton's Steakhouse and Legal Seafood Test Kitchen were so packed I couldn't get in. I basically had to get a cab every night to go to dinner which isn't cheap. Also the rooms were generally nice but the rooms are not quiet at all. I could hear people in the room next to me and I woke up several times because I could hear people talking in the hallways. I am not sure if the hotel forgot to insulate the walls but it is EXTREMELY loud. A real disappointment.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	3	3	4	

<Author>October08Bride
<Content>Nice Rooms, Service Just OK Pros: - Super convenient for anyone attending a show at the BCEC- Room was clean and modern with a decent view- Awesome bed, flat screen TV and dual shower head- Good food and nice waiters at the Sauciety Restaurant- Nice to have a Starbucks and Gift Shop in hotel - Big lobby with tons of seatingCons: - No restaurants or shops within sight distance- Technically not a Waterfront location- Long wait at check-in; only one counter available- Concierge oftentimes unavailable during peak hours- Housekeeping entered room with do not disturb sign - Internet pricey at $12.95/day; did not work when neededOverall, it ws a nice stay with a few minor inconveniences. If I were to attend another conference at the BCEC, I would book this hotel again. If I was visiting Boston for a vacation, I would choose a hotel closer to the action.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	3	5	3	3	2	

<Author>Tagesthemen
<Content>Good Business Hotel Stayed here during a conference at the Convention Centre next door. It is perfect for this as it is connected by a skybridge to the Westin. The rooms were very spacious - definitely above average for a standard room. It has the additional advantage of being close to the airport. I stayed 6 nights here and had no real problems. I ate in the restaurant (Saucity) once for both breakfast and dinner and found it quite good. The Westin Waterfront is not cheap but then Boston hotels are not cheap. The area is uninspiring - I would only stay here on business.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	2	4	2	3	3	

<Author>Travel_two_plus_two
<Content>Disappointed, do not stay with children The hotel looks very nice and very stylish. The rooms are very comfortable and clean, nice linens, flat screen TV etc. Overall, however, I would agree with other reviewers comments that the service is lacking and not as we expected for any Westin. Check-in was okay. We had the same problems as one reviewer regarding garage access and our key had to be reprogrammed. Hotel brochure lists child friendly activities and welcome packs but none available when we asked. Hotel brochure also advertises service express services including diapers and wipes if you run out - we did, and when we called service express they said none were currently available, of any size (so we drove into the city to pick some up). Surprised to hear about the complimentary shuttle into the city as this was certainly not mentioned to us, we were directed to use a taxi to get to Faneuil Hall. Tried out the restaurant for (an after dinner) dessert and it was terrible - staff would not bring some hot water for baby bottle to be heated but rather insisted that they take the bottle away. Wait staff could not answer questions on the food. In addition, food not great. We ordered decaf coffees and got caffeinated, even though we asked several times to make sure that they were decaf. The (caffeinated) latte that was delivered, arrived as a shot of espresso with a pot of cold milk! Tea was delivered in a teapot that could not be opened to add the teabag - it felt as if we were there all night sorting out simple things, when we just wanted a quick convenient dessert while the kids were being calm before bed. Service express manager provided a very sympathetic ear when we complained about service.If you want to stay in this location, go to the Seaport Hotel - that is a fantastic hotel with great service and is excellent for families with kids. Despite the great rate that we got, would prefer not to stay here again.=  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>Dunroamin08
<Content>Westin on Waterfront... Over-priced!! We stayed one night at the Westin in Boston. Firstly the location isn't great, but walkable to downtown. The vibe in the hotel is quite pretentious. The rooms were clean-ish... there were some stains on the seats and bottom of the bed. The main problem we had was the price. We booked through hotwire so saved $60 before taxes... we paid $200. The wireless internet isn't free ($14 for 24 hour period) The bottled water they leave in your room also isn't free... $5 per bottle if you use it. We felt we paid through the nose for nothing, but to top it off we were woken at 8 a.m. and asked what time we would be checking out at! Check-out time is 12pm. Will never stay here again!!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	2	3	3	2	2	

<Author>lisajane
<Content>Pleasant stay June 08 A nice hotel with decent facilities, clean room and a very relaxing ambiance. Admittedly, the location isnt excellent but if you are prepared to walk, the the aquarium is only 20/ 25 mins (follow the waterfront) away and is a safe walk. I loved the bed here - very relaxing and comfortable after trekking around Boston. Nothing to complain about.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>falsesmall
<Content>Everything but location This is a large, relatively new hotel connected to the new convention center in south Boston. This area of Boston, other than the few hotels and convention center, has nothing. I'm sure over the next 10 years and the opening of the convention center, this area will be developed. For now, get used to cabs to the areas of Boston worth visiting. Cabs are plentiful and cheap (as compared to NYC). About a ten minute walk to the nearest T train stop (South End Station).As for the hotel, I loved the overall classy low key design. Lobby is huge. Rooms are spacious and clean. Best ever king bed for me and a dual head shower that I wanted to take home. The bathroom lacked shampoo, etc. on check in but quickly remedied with a call to service. All the ameneties and state of the art climate control included. A flat panel HD television rounded out a virtually perfect hotel room. Check in was efficient and friendly. I received a convention rate that was very reasonable. Otherwise I'm sure the rate competes well with the other nameplate hotels in Boston.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pharmjen
<Content>Good experience at the Westin Waterfront Just returned from a 3 night stay at this hotel. I have to admit, I booked the hotel because I got an excellent rate from The Westin's website ($190/night before taxES) but was nervous after reading some of the reviews here. The hotel really wasn't bad at all. We had no probs with the concierge (called for an extra robe and got 2 within 10 minutes) and check in was fast. Parking will cost you $31/day but you do get access until 6pm the day of your check out. We were on the 4th floor with a bad view but didn't care because we arrived at the hotel an hour early - didn't feel like waiting an hour plus for a room on a higher floor. Would have been able to get one if willing to wait. Yes we could hear water running from a neighboring shower (once) and heard some doors slam, but you can't expect complete silence - at least I don't - when in a hotel. My only complaint/disappointment was that I felt like our room was cleaned on the fly - like towels looked like they were quickly folded and thrown on the rack. I just expected a bit more care from a Westin. But other than that, great, comfy bed and awesome shower. Room was pretty updated, including an LCD tv.Drinks at the bar/hotel food was extremely overpriced though, so beware. I suggest you get your morning coffee at one of the hundreds of Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts throughout the city - the hotel Starbuck will rob you blind. The location wasn't a problem for us at all. In fact, we used the Old Town Trolley one day to sightsee and one of it's stops was actually right at the hotel. We did a lot of walking but Boston is a VERY walkable city. I didn't mind walking although the weather will play a big factor in that decision. Cabs are a bit pricey IMO but the subway is also a good option for longer distances. Didn't take the subway to/from hotel so not exactly sure of the closest T stop, but I think it's within 2 or 3 blocks. You're not going to walk out of the hotel and be smack in the middle of the city so if that's a must for you, be sure to check out more centrally located hotels. Overall we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Boston and liked the Westin. For the price, I think the hotel was a good value (be sure to check their website for special rates!) for what we got and would certainly consider staying here again.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jry-i
<Content>Wouldn't recommend This hotel is very nicely located and has large rooms. Otherwise, there is not anything special. The customer service was lacking, to say the least. We asked two times and still weren't helped with our bags. The conceriege service was border-line rude coupled with not very helpful. There were several other guests in line behind me when we checked in that were discussing the lack of customer service and commented on the number of people having to handle their own luggage. I would not recommend this hotel at all.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	5	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>cinncitraveler
<Content>Okay, Expected More If you in town for an event at the convention center, the property is right next door, which is convenient. If you are in town as a tourist (or combo) stay somewhere else. It's too far walk to the features and attractions of Boston. The hotel itself is not very special for the price (even by Boston standards). Normal or bland are words I would use to describe everything from food to cleanliness to room features, etc. Decor seems dated, and I didn't find the heavenly bed as anything special. Sound proofing is not up to standards - I could hear the TV next door. I'd expect this in a less property, but not a Westin. Not much is within walking distance. The tea party boat is closed until 2009. You could visit Harpoon Brewery. For restaurants try Barking Crab, Anthony's Pier 4, or No Name Restuarant (all within walking distance). I might stay here again if going to the convention center (or try the Renaissance 2 blocks away), otherwise I'd stay somewhere else. Nothing special. Also - the Boston taxes of hotel tax, city tax, and tourism tax really add up.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JLW05
<Content>Nice hotel but a few problems I booked this hotel on Priceline. While I didn't get a huge savings over the regular room price I did save enought to cover the $31 a day parking fee and that was certainly nice. The hotel lobby was very nicely done - large but withouth that convention-like feel that some large hotel lobbies project. Check-in went smoothly and the clerk was very accomodating. Priceline does not guarantee two beds and the clerk went out of his way to find us a double bedded room with a connecting king (I booked two rooms). The rooms themselves were a nice size. They were long but I do wish they were a bit wider from bed to dresser. However, they were very clean and the bathroom was a nice size. The beds were comfy and for there were plenty of pillows on it which I like. There was a flat screen tv and internet service was available for $12.95 a night. Most hotels do not charge for internet access anymore and most even offer wireless access. The bathroom was large and clean. The main problem I had with this hotel was its location. Of course, I knew before I arrived that it was not what I would consider centrally located. It is located near public transportation but it is a good 20 minute walk into Boston proper minimum depending on where you want to go. We were six people and it didn't even pay for us to take public transportation. We drove into Boston and paid for parking. This is supposed to be a 4 star hotel and I hate to sound spoiled but there were just lots of little glitches that I don't usually encounter in hotels of lesser quality. First, the hotel clerk didn't properly activate our room key to give us egress out of the garage so that we got stuck by the exit and had to call upstairs for help. Took a bit of time and then we had to stand in line and have the card activated for a second time. Then our toilet stopped working. Luckily, it was just before we left the room and so we called the front desk and the toilet was fixed when we got back hours later. I have no idea how long it took for a worker to come in and fix the toilet but it could have been a problem if the toilet had broken down late afternoon or during evening hours. When I got my bill, I was charged for a purchase from the honor bar despite the fact that I didn't even have the key for it. I was also charged for the second room -several hundred dollars- even though Priceline makes you pay in full when the room is booked. Hopefully, the problem was rectified at the front desk when I checked out but I won't know for sure until I get my bill. Also, each room is supposed to have a robe but one of my rooms didn't. No big deal but I have a sneaking suspicion that I may end up charged for it even though I informed the hotel clerk that I didn't take it home with me but that it was never in the room to begin with. I just think a four star hotel shouldn't make these kind of mistakes. To sum it all up, the rooms are nice, the price of the hotel is good for Boston but the hotel is a bit isolated and there there are small problems with customer service that one wouldn't expect from a Westin.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	2	5	4	3	4	

<Author>jesann
<Content>Good hotel - Happy to stay again We picked this hotel following much research for our four-day break in Boston. The hotel gave us the amenities we wanted (pool /health club) at a competitive price for Boston.  We were certainly not disappointed as this hotel was well up to our expectations. We had a nice king-size room on the 13th floor with a great view of the Boston skyline (ask for a room overlooking Boston). The hotel is situated in South Boston. This is a short way from the down town area which is a good walk. The hotel is in a business area which is a little off the tourist path and there are very few places to eat in the immediate area. The Westin is certainly not a 'waterfront hotel' though you could see the water from the 13th floor. It is several blocks back from the waterfront, which in itself has yet to be further developed.We choose to use public transportation for our stay including the trip from and back to Logan Airport. The MTBA provides an excellent service to the nearby T station at the world trade centre / convention centre stop. As you leave the T station the Westin is directly in front of you and it is no more than a 5 minute walk. A $15 Charlie card gives you 7 day unlimited use of the transportation network which is quick and efficient, covering virtually the whole of Boston and Logan. (The Silver line connects the Airport to South Boston. It use system of over / underground trolley buses. The Silverline also goes on to connect with the rest of the network at South station) The hotel itself was friendly with a large open unfussy lobby.Check in was quick and with a smile. The room met our requirements though it was not spotless. Likewise the pool and spa were welcoming after a long tiring day but a little grubby around the edges. There were a lot of children using the facilities during our stay and the pool was often overloaded. The changing rooms were clean but a little small for busy periods.The room was quite during the week nights but Saturday night things got to say the least rowdy. Doors were crashing and there was much shouting / screaming - must have been a good party!We did not eat in the restaurant (buffet breakfast = $22pp) Overall a good hotel for visitors especially if you're happy to spend the day out exploring beautiful historic Boston. (We left early in the mornings and didn't get back until late evening.) We had a fabulous trip and a good hotel experience. I would recommend this Westin based on the current rates and quality of service.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>twnashville
<Content>Loved it! We had a wonderful stay! Boston is such a great city. Mark, the concierge, was so very helpful and really made our stay. It was my husband's b-day and he went out of his way to make it special. We had a great rooms with a great view. There's a Starbucks in the hotel. The rooms were clean and the beds were comfy. Take the Old Town Trolley. It is worth it to get a sense of the city.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>weejim
<Content>Don't understand negative reviews This hotel was picked for me by a congress company and on reading the reviews I worried that it was not up to scratch. After an excellent experience I don't think anyone should have misgivings about coming here.The reception process went well and I was easily able to change from 2 queens to a King room, which was excellently appointed with great plasma TV, good bathroom and great air con. The rooms were very clean and well stocked with all the things you might need. The hotel has a choice of bars and lots of lounge space with big screen TV for the mad red sox fans boston is polluted with. (Go Yankees). I took breakfast and dinner in the restaurant both were good if not spectacular but well above hotel average. Thee was also a Star***ks for those who don鈥檛 like coffee.Always lots of taxis waiting it took no time to get to the city centre, I took the T into town, it鈥檚 a 6 minute walk away and you have to change to the red line at south station to come into town, a little awkward when taxis are so cheap.For those attending a congress this is superb, literally a 1 minute stroll to the entrance.So in summary yes its in a new area still lacking amenities, but it鈥檚 a good modern hotel ideal for business, maybe less so for holidaymakers who might be better off in Cambridge or the back bay  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>disgrun
<Content>Good hotel, could have free wireless! Getting to the Westin is easy- take a cab, or take the Silver Line bus from Logan Airport ($2, pay in exact bills to the driver or get a ticket in the arrivals hall before going to the bus stop) to the World Trade Centre. There, follow the signs to the Westin 鈥?the walk is about 5 mins across a walkway, and it鈥檚 worth it, as you get a great skyline view of Boston. The World Trade Centre is the first stop from Logan, and takes about 3-4 minutes to get to. It鈥檚 much better value than a cab, and Silver Line buses are very frequent. With a hotel of this class and price though, I鈥檇 have expected a shuttle bus to the airport.The Westin is a very well-appointed hotel, and I really enjoyed staying there. Check-in was fast and painless, and staff was friendly. The room was clean and of a good size, and the bathroom was great 鈥?the best part being the double power-shower, which was wonderful in the morning. The room came with a TV (annoyingly, the default setting was to go to pay-per-view), and a coffee machine. A good touch was the Starbucks coffee in the room 鈥?a choice of African roast or mixed blend. Having a decaf option would also have been welcome. The room service was, as noted by other reviewers here, generally ok but sporadic. I stayed six nights and some days the coffee wasn鈥檛 replaced; some days the shampoo was not replaced;鈥nd a rubber thing which was lying on the ground when I got to this Westin was not hovered up during my stay there. I think this probably had to do with low staff numbers rather than staff quality - throughout my stay I was surprised by how few service staff there was on the floors. Hotels already pay service staff very little - they could employ a few more and get standards up.Fast internet is available in the rooms. This is $9.95 for a 24-hr period, or around $5 for 30 minutes. Go figure. There is free wireless access in the lobby, although staff told me 鈥榠t might not work鈥? Again, for a hotel this price, providing free wireless would be a good thing.The hotel has 2 bars, both in the lobby. The main bar is in the Sauciety eatery. The food is expensive ($10 for a tasty but simple salad), as are the drinks ($5-6.50 for a beer, $14 and above for a cocktail if I remember correctly), but the barman was very good and friendly and the atmosphere chilled out. There is a Starbucks in the lobby, and the cakes there are fairly inexpensive ($2.26 on average), but the coffee is going towards $4.There are some restaurants on D Street near the hotel, but I didn鈥檛 try these. I was recommended a restaurant called Salvatore鈥檚 on the street, a few minutes鈥?walk from the hotel.Getting into Boston is easy, but takes a little bit of time. You can either take a cab, or the Silver Line from the World Trade Centre, or, as I did, walk 5-10 minutes to South Station and take the T or the commuter rail from there. The walk is scenic (skyline views) but may be cold in the winter. Again, this is where a hotel shuttle bus would be very useful! If you have time, you can walk straight into the financial district in about 20-25 minutes from the hotel.The swimming pool was ok, very chlorinated and to a good size. The fitness room was also good. A good touch were the changing rooms with lockers and stacks of available towels. If you have children, the swimming pool has no lifeguard, so it is not a place to let them swim on their own.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	3	2	2	

<Author>fairhsa
<Content>Good location for airport I stayed at this hotel for one night prior to a flight out of Boston, just because it was close to the airport. Although the hotel itself does not offer any airport transportation, the silverline MBTA bus does go from a short distance from the hotel, direct to the airport, for USD2. It took around 10 minutes. This was the best bit of the hotel. Other than this, my stay was pretty ordinary. As a platinum starwoods member I am entitled to a suite (if available) on checkin - I did get this, although it was just two rooms with an adjoining door and the door was locked when I got to the room so I could not access the other room! They came and unlocked the door but it would not stay open, so I had to ring again for a door stop, which came eventually. No other benefits for platinum so anyone expecting free internet (unlike the copely place westin) or free breakfast (unlike the properties with lounges) will be disappointed. The pool is ok but not as nice as the photos. Gym is ok. Did not try the food. The hotel is very new and shiney - if you like that sort of thing you might like this hotel. I found it somewhat sterile and impersonal. Reception staff were ok but not great, the concierge was extremely rude - when reception told me about the airport bus, they said the concierge would know the timetable... well, she did not and said how should I know when I asked! Amazing.The bed is the standard westin bed - you either love or hate these beds. The bathroom (in both of my rooms) was small and pokey, with a shower-over-the-bath affair which is odd for a suite. On balance would probably try other options if in Boston again.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	2	2	

<Author>SushiSiamese
<Content>Just Okay I stayed at the hotel for a convention. I live in Boston but thought it would be fun to stay at the hotel. First, the good news. The bed was extremely comfortable. The flat TV was also nice. I loved the contemporary decor of the room. We also had a nice city/water view.Now the annoyances. 1. Our room door had a two-inch gap at the bottom so an otherwise quiet room allowed any hallway noise to seem even louder.2. The bathroom mirror/light, while very pretty, was extremely bright. I got up tin the middle of the night o go to the bathroom, and since there was no nightlight, I had to switch it on in order to see anything. I was almost blinded.3. No phone in the bathroom. Almost every hotel has one -- just in case someone should fall or whatever.4. No vent in bathroom. When you take a shower, the mirror immediately steams up.5. No newspaper. Every hotel I've stayed at delivers a free newspaper to your door in the morning.6. Our parking card was de-activated twice. You get in-and-out parking privileges as a guest, but twice we had to see the parking attendant to get out of the garage. Unfortuneately, both times there was someone behind us so they had to back up to let us back up. 7. We did not eat at the hotel but went to buy coffee at their in-house Starbucks in the lobby but were told they did not take Starbucks gift cards. Ridiculous. Then they had a cash breakfast bar set up in the lobby. $3 for a cup of coffee and you had to pour it yourself. They gave you a cup and directed you to the coffe carafe.Overall, I wouldn't stay there agin.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>jennyj74
<Content>Best Value In Boston We wanted to be a tourist for a long weekend in Boston and this location was perfect for us. The hotel was GREAT to say the least , super friendly door man, and front desk Great too. Very clean , beautiful hotel. The price for this time of year was incrediable. Would stay again and highly suggest for others to check it out.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>SullyBoston_MA
<Content>Terrible service for a Westin My husband and I are regular Westin customers, and usually experience great service. Unfortunately, the service at this hotel is not up to the standards of other properties. My 65-year old mom was staying in the hotel while visiting me recently, and slipped in the shower. Like many newer hotels, they have forgone the rubber mat in the tub for aesthetic reasons. She hit her head on the tile wall, and a had a huge cut that ended up requiring 18 stitches. At first, she called down to the front desk, but nobody picked up, even after she let it ring for a long time. She then called me, so that I could take her to the emergency room. At the same time, my husband called the Westin from our home to request that security go to the room and wait with her until I got there. It took me 15 minutes to get dressed and drive to the hotel to pick her up, and I got to her room before the security guard. Thank god her injury was not life-threatening. In addition, it took the hotel 2 full days to contact my mom to see how she was doing after her fall, even after we spoke to one of the managers. Obviously, this was a unique situation, but if the level of service was this bad in an emergency, can you imagine what it will be like for something without the urgency, like a request for new towels?  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	3	4	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>BargainQuest
<Content>Excellent stay Stayed at the Westin for a convention. It was a beautiful hotel. They gave me a room on one of the top floors, overlooking the convention center, downtown Boston and the water -- it was a floor to ceiling window! Gorgeous view!The room itself was very spacious and comfortable. Exceedingly clean and well-kept hotel! The elevators were very fast too (one of my pet peeves is slow elevators). High speed wireless internet in the rooms worked great, although there was a daily fee of about $10.Although a bit on the pricey side, the hotel's restaurant was very good, too.Being new to Boston, I found the concierge helpful in directing me and my friends to restaurants and attractions. I also found it very easy to access transportation via taxis right outside the hotel, and the bus station just a block away.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sal98
<Content>Bad Hotel - Stay Away Simply a horrible experience from the day I arrived to the day I departed. Uncaring staff who couldn鈥檛 care less; housekeeping was bad (dirty room and hallways, lacked amenities), room service was less to be desired, the hotel was not centrally located - I could go on and on. I would NOT rate this as four star property.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	1	2	

<Author>RobinBoston
<Content>Wouldn't Stay Again if Free SCAM ALERT! Very disappointed. Everything is correct. Nothing special on any level. Far away from everything but convention center. Here's the SCAM. We used the mini bar for 2 nips and one soda totalling 18ish dollars. This Westin charged my card $130. I called to question and they suggested this entire fee was mini bar service. I explained we stayed for less than 14 hours. There is only $70 total in mini bar if we eat and drink everything. They then appologized and said maybe the person double billed for product and they'd knock off half the price. Then I asked if the Westin actually thought I chose to eat and drink the entire mini bar once? Realizing this was now a SCAM. I started asking for names and people accountable to file a dispute for theft. An accounts Manager wouldn't divulge her name but out of the blue stated that I used 2 nips and one soda and refunded the rest. This was Ironic since I never stated what we used from MINI-BAR? I then waited 6 days for my refund? Had to call again and then surprise my refund finally showed up. Run Run from this SCAM! We stay at hundreds of places and write many reviews this is the worst rating we've ever had to give!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	1	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>tigerider
<Content>Not What You Expect From a Westin I will start off with the positive. The beds are very comfortable and the hotel is in great shape. That's it - short and sweet.Now on to the what seemed to be an endless amount of problems with my recent stay. One, or possibly even two, of these by themselves could lead one to believe it was an isolated bad experience. However, if you read on you will see that lack of customer service, cleanliness and satisfaction is an issue of severity with this property.I arrived in Boston on a red-eye and contacted the hotel at noon to see if I could get an early check in and if my room was available. I was informed it was ready so I took a diverted from a friends house to the hotel. Upon arrival, I was told the room was not ready and it would be 1-2 hours. They seemed unconcerned that I was told otherwise on the phone. When I asked for a member of management, they informed me there was nothing that could be done. They did offer their Fitness Facility as an option for me to shower since I had just got in from a red-eye. I politely turned down the use of a public shower. Not the answer you'd expect from a Westin.The room was moderately clean. There was hair in the bathtub and the robe hanger was there with a Westin Note to enjoy the robe, but no robe on the hanger. Lastly, there was no cups in the room. I phoned down and asked for a wine menu and was told one would be sent up. 2 hours later and 3 phone calls reminding them, I received it. One moring they houskeeping staff arrived at 8:30am to service the room. I asked if they could come back. At 2:00pm I had to ask the front desk to have the room cleaned, because they had forgot to come back.There is nothing within walking distance of this hotel (bar, food, full service gym - nothing). You have to take a taxi to go anywhere. If it's not bad enough you are stranded at the hotel, but there is only one restaurant on the property.The one and only restaurant on the property is perhaps the worst issue with the hotel. I was there for 3 days and had to eat 3 meals there. You had to request for a wait staff to take your order. Drinks were not refilled. The order was wrong. There were other tables asking to speak to the manager regarding their service as well. On the lighter side, they did discount 2 of my 3 meals because of the obvious customer service and order accuracy issues.To sum it up, the Waterfront Westin (That really isn't water front, but is viewable from the water) is a nice hotel - physically. The location and staff are what make this a hotel to avoid. There are plenty of nice hotels in Boston that offer much much more!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	1	1	1	1	4	

<Author>traveller664
<Content>Service could improve I used points and cash to stay at this hotel. No recognition given for Gold SPG Card.Bath room floor had someone else's hairs on it when we checked in. Robe missing from bathroom door - no shower cap or other amenities. Housekeeping did not care when I pointed this out.Rooms need a good hoovering - I found MM's on the floor beside the bed and a large build up of dustIf you are prepared to use the T it is not a bad location.Beds are comfortable though.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	2	2	3	3	

<Author>Chupa1uk
<Content>Fantastic I got a fantastic deal on this hotel from otel.com (It was a secret hotel, that I managed to work out, that cost 拢290 for 5 nights!), but was quite unsure if to book it due to the reviews I had read, but I am glad that I did. Even though this hotel is out of the city centre I must admit that it did not cause any inconvenience to our stay. The transport links in Boston are fantastic and with the T stop being just over the road it was so easy to get to any area in a few minutes. Cabs were also rather cheap, it only cost us $5 - $8 to get from Copley and Downtown back to the hotel. We have stayed in central Boston previously and I must say that staying by the Waterfront was no problem at all, if anything it was rather relaxing as there were no busy street sounds when trying to sleep. There is also a plentiful supply of cabs outside the hotel and the Boston tour bus comes to the hotel reception.In all the hotel was very nice. The room was large, clean and very comfortable. We also found the staff very nice and friendly, check in was quick and easy and check out was made even better as they allowed us to delay check out until 5pm! We also found Teresa on the service desk very helpful, she managed to put us in touch with a really cheap and convenient way to get out to the Outlet Village and provided us with take away menus when we wanted a night in after all the shopping we had done in the day had worn us out.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Gin15ger
<Content>Ring in the NEw Year! I live in Boston but wanted to have a special New Year's Eve with my boyfriend. I booked last minute for a harbor view room. The view of the firework's from my room located on the 5th floor was spectacular. I was worried about the noise considering the hotel was having a ball but the walls are thick enough that I never heard anyone in the next room or in the hallway. The room had all the amenities needed and the bed was super comfy. Roomservice for breaksfast was less than desirable. I like real eggs not that other stuff but coffee and bacon was good.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Sylvainautourdumonde
<Content>Great hotel, beware of location and service could improve This hotel is located near the convention center in Boston South. It is not near the city center or near most attractions. Be sure you are aware of that. There are restaurants, seafront, at about 10 min. walking distance of the hotel.The lobby is modern, lighty and with great design. The check-in was slow and they did not respect the SPG member line. There was only one attendant and a bunch of people waiting.The room was modern, spacious with a flat screen HDTV. The Heavenly Bed is, well heavenly. Westin probably still have the best beds in the business. The working desk and chair were confortable and big enough. Unfortunately, they charge for the internet access. That's a shame. The bathroom decoration was very slick and modern with the double head shower.We use the restaurant only for breakfast (Sauciety). The choice is limited and kind of pricey.Again at check-out only was attendant and a line.In all, a very good, very confortable modern hotel. It should really be considered in place of the hotels on the airport site. Service is ok but could be better: Westin is far behind what Fairmont has in term of service.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	2	2	3	

<Author>cedarvalley
<Content>Great Convention hotel! I stayed at this hotel for a convention in November 2007. I would highly recommend staying here if you are attending a convention at the new Boston convention center. It was very convenient and luxurious. The beds were great and we had a nice view of the water with sailboats passing through and the city skyscape. The subway station (Silver line) was also right across the street as well, which made going out to restaurants and shopping easy. Starbucks coffee is available in the room (pods). The pool is small but nice and the exercise center was also nicely equipped. My only complaint would be that our room cards constantly deactivated. This happened probably 6 times during our stay and continued to happen when I kept it separated from my cell phone and other cards. I have never had this happen before at any other hotel, and we travel frequently. Hopefully the Westin can fix this issue, as we noticed other guests also having the same problem.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Savannah20
<Content>perfect ! I heard about this hotel from a friend, and as I was in Boston last August, I choose the Westin Waterfront. The hotel seemed so big and more a business hotel (convention center just next door), but looking carefuly, a lot of families were staying there. Staff is professionnal and smily (bellman, front desk housekeeping ). Very lighty lobby (nice atrium) wooden and natural materials everywhere. I had a very comfortable room with a great view of Downtown Boston, huge bathroom, and fabulous sleeping in heavenly beds, specific to Westin !! also had a coffee maker with Starbucks in room. There is a fitness center and a nice indoor pool, which is very appreciated when you walked in town the whole day ! I was visiting friends in Cambridge (opposite side of town), taxi drive is 15minutes from here and costs around $17/way. Downtown and Historic Boston is a 5-7 minute taxi drive, costs $8/way. I had breakfast buffet at restaurant Sauciety, simply delicious! So even if the Westin is situated south of Boston (as they said!), I would definitely go back there and recommand it to anybody.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>flansy
<Content>The bed is comfy鈥? We stayed here for three nights in November and two of those nights between 4am and 5am the fire alarm for the building went off. The alarm, a flashing strobe light, whooping noise, and a recorded bored woman鈥檚 voice alerting you that an alarm has been triggered and to stay in your room, is effective, but copasetic to sleep, it certainly is not. The alarm flashed, and boomed for 10 minutes, before a tired man鈥檚 voice came into our room, said that something happened in the kitchen and that鈥檚 about it. I suppose in a way it was exciting. I had never been in a hotel when a fire alarm had gone off.Going off at 4am, wasn鈥檛 too pleasing though.It happening again the next morning at 5am was even less pleasing.In addition to this, and a complete lack of apology (let alone acknowledgment) from anyone, the hallway floors are dirty. I can鈥檛 imagine that they ever vacuum. The entire place is over run by conferences, and it is not remotely located close to anything helpful, interesting, or historic, beside perhaps the convention center and the airport (and the airport bus stop).On the bright side, the staff are friendly and cordial. So they have that going for them鈥?br/>Then again, if you happen to get a handicap room, plan on the shower flooding the entire bathroom and possibly the rest of your room.Honestly, for the money you pay to stay here, you should get a lot more. However, since it was obviously built to go with the new convention center and they seem to have no lack of business, I doubt they are going to change anything, any time soon.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	2	3	4	5	

<Author>BOSOX2007Boston
<Content>Not Close to Anything Unless your going to the convention center.... Don't waste your time or money. The Hotel is in the middle of an industrial area.... miles from anything. We staying there on Sat (11/5) for my wife's birthday are we were VERY disappointed. The hotel is extremely loud- from the lobby to the rooms. We heard they person below us coughing all night. Lots of wonderful hotels to stay at in Boston and this is not one of them !!!! I would rather shovel rocks than stay there again !!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>Bradcap1
<Content>It's a bit of a walk, but I liked it. The Westin Boston Waterfront is a newer hotel that is still going through some construction. My wife and I stayed in a standard room with a King size bed. Let me tell you, these beds rock! The room is great. We had absolutely no problems with it. There is a subway/bus station fairly close so you'll have to take that walk everytime you plan on going anywhere. No big deal though, unless you have problems walking. We bought a weekly subway pass and once we figured out the subway system getting around was a breeze. The pass will get you a bus ride from the airport that will drop you off fairly close to the hotel. Again, you'll have a bit of a walk so if you have a lot of bags or will have trouble walking your bag about 100 yards to the hotel you should get a cab. Be sure to hit the Freedom Trail and eat a lot of Italian food inn the North End. Our favorite of three nights dining was Dolce Vita. And be sure to stop at Mike's Pastries and get a Neapolitan. Unbelievable.Boston was a blast and this hotel was extremely nice. Only one restaurant in the hotel and not many close by. You'll have to take the subway to get anywhere really worth eating at. One other note, if you have trouble walking or are confined to a wheelchair then city may not be the best choice of a vacation for you. Unfortunately, our founding fathers did not anticipate the need for handicapped accessible buildings .  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>corpagent
<Content>Corporate Travel Agent Point of View FRONT DESK STAFFS VERY UNRESPONSIVE TO corporate clients request to charge room and tax only on 3rd party cc...this inspite of faxing authorization letters/copy front and back of cc.While other high-end hotels are quick to response such request, this property is staffed with don't care attitude.Other hotels like Langham, Hyatt, and Millenium cater to corporate clients. Send your clients there.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BronxMiddleMan
<Content>Off the beaten track but nice We stayed at the Westin Waterfront because we were going to see my son at college (Berklee) and got a decent price on Hotwire. Overall this is a nice hotel - four stars is not too much of a stretch, though three or three and one-half is probably more realistic. Our room was extremely clean - nice flat screen tv - comfy beds, immaculate bathroom (crucial). My wife commented that it seemed brand new, which may be the case based on reviews here discussing recent removations. Only real drawbacks of the hotel itself are 1. walking past all the yuppies with square glasses in the lobby, and 2. the fact that absolutely nothing is free (want some water - there's a $5 bottle in your room; Wi-fi? All yours for the low price of $7.99 for 24-hours. Parking? About $30 a day above the price of the room, but this is Boston). For the price you'd think they'd could toss a bottle of agua in, huh? The real drawback to this particular Westin is that it's off the beaten path - you can SEE Boston from the hotel but getting there is a bit of a trip. We took the subway which is about a quarter mile walk past dark warehouses to the South Station, then two trains to get to the Back Bay. Tolerable, but I wouldn't want to do it in January. If you're in Boston for a conference this is a perfect hotel since the monster of a Convention Center is right next door and the hotel is a quality one. But if you're looking to see Boston you might want to look for something a little closer to the action. Oh, also map it out, it's a little challenging to find, and calling the hotel for directions is like calling Fidel Castro for an encouraging discussion on democracy. Pretty useless.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	2	5	4	2	2	

<Author>kkhart
<Content>A Business Hotel Spent one night at this hotel as we flying into Boston and then heading out the next morning. It was fine for that. I would not stay here for a vacation to Boston, however, as the location is fairly remote and there is not much there except the attached convention center. The whole area is under construction with new buildings and you could be anywhere - no feeling of being in Boston. If you are attending a convention it would be fine. The hotel is fairly new, clean, pleasant enough. It was quiet. Staff was fine. It feels like a scaled down Westin, though. Not as nice as some other properties in the same chain. The lobby bar is nice and has a decent wine selection. Oh, and the parking is very expensive.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	1	3	3	-1	4	

<Author>guvnor1001
<Content>Location not great but nice hotel       View over Boston from top floor guest room  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>Urruah
<Content>Maid stole from my wallet Was at this hotel for an industry conference. Thought I could safely leave possessions in a $300 plus hotel. Unfortunately, this is not true at this hotel. The maid took a considerable sum from my wallet while I was downstairs at the conference. I reported the theft to the hotel management, but they did not deem it worthy of a response. Basically a nice place, but I am very disappointed in the responsiveness of management to this incident.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	3	1	2	

<Author>nappykali
<Content>Hotel is not organized! I was at the Westin Waterfront for 1 night as a guest of the Starwood hotel chain. This means, that I was placed in a complimentary room. HOWEVER, upon inspection of my bank statement, not even on the guest folio, I found out that they charged me for the night I was a guest there as well as 3 additional rooms.This was over a month ago, and this discrepancy has yet to be corrected. As a meeting planner, I pay very much attention to these details of a hotel in which my clients would perhaps consider to host their event/meeting. Because of this experience, I will never plan a meeting at this hotel. Not only are they unorganized in their Accounts Payable Dept., but their turnaround in guest services is terrible.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	1	-1	1	2	2	

<Author>soul4blues
<Content>Loved sipping cocktails in the lounge after a day of sight-seeing My boyfriend and I stayed here over Memorial Day weekend. He is a Starwood Preferred member so he cashed in some points to cover the stay. I was initially a little taken back by how seemingly far the hotel was from the heart of Boston. I wasn't dissapointed for long. Everything was a resonable walk / cab ride away. BE AWARE- We took a cab to a local restaurant. There is a traffic light for people coming out of the hotel parking lot. We waited for 5-6 minutes for the light, which never changed to green. The cab fare was already 6 dollars before we even left the property! I was needing to use the ATM so I wasn't happy with this. Check in was a breeze. Because of my BF's membership status we were given a room on the preferred level. The room was nice, the bathroom was spacious. Decent amount of towels and pillows. We did a sightseeing tour (recommended for tourists) and were able to purchase tickets through the concierge. The trollley had a regular pick up and drop off at the hotel (as with many others). Sauciety is the cheesy named restaurant inside the hotel. We had breakfast here one morning which was overpriced but decent. The waiter was tremendously rude. He forgot to bring out my fruit but still managed to add it to my bill. I would skip the restaurant all-together. The lounge was great, very open. Great cocktails and martinis. I would definately go back.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	2	4	

<Author>MiMIFlorida
<Content>Good Deal My husband and I stayed at the Westin Waterfront for three nights in August. We had a very nice comfortable room at the end of the hallway. I can't complain about anything, it was kept very clean, and had the most comfortable beds. It is within walking distance to downtown, for me a little far for the hubby. The lobby is very pleasant and the staff was helpful. The only negitive was the parking cost but I guess that is a negitive in any big city.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SJTraveler07
<Content>Worst Westin Ever Visited I was trapped in this hotel for a week attending a conference. This hotel has one plus...it is attached to the Boston Convention Center. Everything else about this hotel is definitely a minus. First of all there is nothing near this hotel...no restaurants, no bars and little of the cultural offerings of Boston. The T is a short distance away but there are no travelers' amenities within a reasonable walk of this hotel. My experience was one of inconsistent service, indifferent staff and inaccessible managment. You cannot access the management of this hotel...it is as if the management does not exist. Avoid this hotel unless you have no other options.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>AlexBritontour
<Content>Not worth high prices, poor service Called ahead saturday afternoon and was qoted rate of $269 but when we arrived at hotel, check in staff said it was $309 but then grudgingly dropped to $299. After check in, Staff refused to send a rollaway bed for our son quoting fire regulations, even though they knew we had two teenagers in a room with only two queen beds, so he had to sleep on floor. When challenged later, staff could not provide documentation for said fire regulations. Parking at $39 is a rip off as free overnight street parking is plentiful locally. Swimming pool was small yet full of rowdy adults throwing around large beach balls apparently provided by Westin?? So effectively the pool was made useless for a family. Trolley tours sold in the hotel are at least $10 more than other operators and harbour tours are $7 extra while others include them for free.General opinion was a feeling of being gouged for very poor service in a so so hotel. Unless you are on a business expense account signed by a generous manager it's best to avoid this place.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	2	4	1	3	1	

<Author>DoloresD
<Content>good experience I booked the Westin Waterfront at an unbelievable rate of $167 per night. Comfortable bed, clean room with nice sized bathroom and flat screen TV. Friendly staff. Restaurant and bar a bit pricy but food is good.Hotel offers direct access to the Boston convention center and is perfect if you are attending a convention. You can walk to the downtown area in about 20 minutes. Easy acess to/from the airport using the bus system for $2.00.would I stay here again...yes if I was at an event at the convention center.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>DonnaManila
<Content>Great people!! The hotel is beautiful, new, and very clean. The staff was exceptional. My husband got sick during the trip and the restaurant somehow found some chicken soup for him, even though it wasn't on their menu. After we landed in Memphis, I realized I had left my jewelry locked in the hotel safe. I called the hotel and they were so nice. I received my jewelry via FedEx in two days. I can't praise them enough. The head of the staff personally called me to tell me my jewelry was on its way. They could have easily lost the jewelry and I will be forever grateful for their care and professionalism. Donna Jackson  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cindy_le2001
<Content>Average Hotel We stayed at this hotel on July 7th throught July 11th. We arrived at the hotel around 7 PM on Saturday night and the check in was extremely slow. It is a beautiful hotel with only 1 person at the front desk. The room itself is nice and clean. I have to give credit to our maid. Very sweet and friendly. The pool is nice and clean without any kiddy pool. The exercise room is pretty neat with all the equipments. Next day, we came down to information booth. Another extremely long wait to ask for information of how to get around in Boston. It was a long line and once again with only 1 person to help. We booked the trolly for $32 per person. My advise, don't bother to book at the hotel. Get onto the trolly and then you can pay them later when they get to the 2nd stop at the Aquarium. You can also get a discount there. The only convenient thing about staying at this hotel is that you can catch the trolly right at the front door. In room service is extremely expensive. We ordered in room service breakfast for a wooping $30 for only 1 person which include 2 eggs, 2 bacons, potato, 2 toasts and 1 glass of orange juice. So stay away from ordering breakfast. There is a convenient store 7 Eleven  Dunkin Donuts right down one block from the Hotel. For dining, strongly suggested the Barking Crab. Very affordable with good food. Also, if you have a chance, go to China Town which cost about $7 each way by taxi for some cheap, good food. We went to a dinner at Antony Pier 4. What a waste of money? The food was plain and the price is extremely expensive. A large lobster (about 2 pounds) for $55 and a sole for $30. If you willing to spend a lot of money for dinner with horrible service. Hope this will help with you trip in Boston. Overall, loves Boston. Will definitely come back. Not so sure will stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	1	4	4	

<Author>shrubba
<Content>loved it Stayed at the Westin on a friday night using my starwood points. The lobby is very clean and sleek. Check in was took a few mins and up to the room. The room was great - clean and very large. Loved the bed and the flat screen tv. The bathroom was clean - water temp and pressure were perfect. Valet parking was a little high for me - $39.00 but since I wasn't paying for the room I did use it. Check out wasn't till 12:00pm which was nice. Overall I loved the place and would defintely stay there again!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>workandplay8
<Content>Where's the love- underrated hotel? Stayed here for a conference for several days. Service was excellent. Lobby was the best so far in Boston- big and stylish in a Danish modern way. Linens were excellent, mattress was very good, room was very large. Contemporary furnishings were stand-out quality for Boston. View was not that special, but still better than Jury's or the Lenox. So why the bad reviews? Maybe the high price of the food (quite steep), although in-room breakfast was good quality. Maybe the bathroom was not as clean/well detailed as others? Location is out of the way unless you're attending a nearby event (you can't get any closer to the convention center than this hotel). If the average price on here is accurate, hotel is a good deal to me. Internet was extra- always an annoyance.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>advantage2000
<Content>De Facto Choice for New Convention Center       TV  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Journalistical
<Content>Not on the water, but still nice. Westin Waterfront had great service and my club-level room was excellent. The cleanliness was stunning, and the bed was very comfortable. The room had a huge flat screen TV that I never turned on because the view of the city (and a tiny bit of harbor) was so breathtaking. The hotel restaurant Sauciety was a rediculous rip off considering how many great low-priced seafood places were within walking distance of the hotel. The best of these were the Zagat's -rated No Name restaurant and the veteran-friendly Seaport Bar  Grill, both less than 陆 mile away.The WestinWorkout gym was very nice and the pool looked and felt clean.Check-in and check-out were smooth and painless and the trip to and from Boston/Logan international Airport was very simple.One word of warning: PARKING IS NOT FREE. It's $24-per-day for hotel guests. Yikes! I parked on the unmetered side-streets for free, but had to drive around for a while to find open spots. Keep this in mind if you're traveling with children or are physically challenged. You may have to walk quite a ways from a free parking spot to the hotel.Other than parking, the Westin Waterfront was great.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>sophiegirl04
<Content>Staff made the visit great - This will be a mixed review - in some things this hotel excels, in others, not so much! Unless you are there on business at the convention center; it is not that convenient to the attractions in Boston; so you will cab or drive everywhere. One of the tourist trolley lines does stop there, so that is a possibility, and the hotel does sell tickets. The restaurant is not great, is very pricey, and has limited hours- and again, there are not a lot of alternatives close by. For some reason, room service was far superior to the dining room - rather unusual. There is a starbucks in house, and a nice lobby bar. The rooms are standard Westin - although smaller; especially the bath and closet. If you are family you may have a problem. there is a business center in house, staffed by very friendly people - but again, pricey. Parking is $39 PER DAY if you use their garage - there is limited on the street parking. What made my stay here excellent was the staff - the conceriege was one of the best I have ever had (and I travel often and use them regularly!); the bellmen, valet parkers, and room service waiters were all great. Even the Starbucks staff were extra friendly! Service is my #1 priority - and I was here on business - so the hotel worked well for me. I would stay personally if I could get a good deal to offset some of the pricey aspects such as parking  dining.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ibeplato
<Content>Great for meetings/conventions I stayed here in June for three nights for a conference in the hotel. Here's my quick review:Pluses:- wonderful rooms, flat-screen tv's with high definition programming, great work area with wired and wireless internet access, and perhaps the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. Mini-bar in the room- great restaurants, a bit pricey ($22 for the breakfast buffet), but they had a good selection of items. I had dinner and lunch here as well and both meals were fantastic, especially the seafood salad at lunch. Steaks are great, and every meal seems to come with french fries and multiple dipping sauces- great location for meetings at the convention center- helpful staff, no real complaints- very nice fitness center with new equipment, exercise equipment had built in television and headphones were complementary, the pool was a good size as well- no problems getting a cab, and they have a shuttle to the airport every half-hour (you have to pay for it).- very close to Logan, only about a 10 minute ride.Minuses:- I wouldn't stay here unless I had a meeting at the hotel or the convention center, there isn't much within walking distance (only one decent restaurant, the Legal Seafood Test Kitchen), it isn't on the water, it's about a 3 block walk to the water. It's definitely a business traveler's hotel- Way too far from downtown Boston and the major tourist/dining areas. About a 5-10 minute cab ride to the Faneuil hall marketplace.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>becksNewHampshire
<Content>Annoyances every step of the way making it an awful stay! My husband and I stayed at the Westin for our 1 year anniversary. Firstly, the parking was overpriced.There was trash in the lobby that was not cleaned for one day.Our room was drab, and poorly decorated and there were strange rocks on the carpet. There was a dirty t-shirt in our dresser drawer.4 star hotel - where are the robes?The hotel store had mismarked a bag of M  M's and told me they were sorry and wouldn't give me the price for which it was marked...which I believe is illegal???We called the concierge line 3 times and received an answering machine.The TV volume was seriously messed up...different level for each channel...we had to adjust the volume every time we changed the channel.Upon leaving, we were not asked how our stay was, and when told we were unhappy, we got an Oh sorry and nothing was offered.There were lots of little things that made this stay awful. One thing after another. And that makes me feel like this 4 Star hotel should not be called so.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>CAsqueaky
<Content>Great hotel but no shuttle My family and I stayed over Father's day weekend, June 15-18th. The hotel was very nice, with a great staff. Our favorite part was the pool and hot tub. My husband booked the hotel assuming there would be a shuttle to/from the airport and downtown Boston, but there was not. Really, it is my only complaint, I am sure there is no shuttle because it is connected to the convention center, can you imagine the number of trips? (However it is only 3 miles from the airport). Walking to downtown with a child was not doable, so we paid for a taxi each time, which wasn't bad, about $6-$8. So, my recommendation is stay someplace else that provides a shuttle unless you are staying for the convention. When we were there Ebay was in town and the hotel was full of people, but it did not feel crowded, just a little noisy. When we return to Boston we will definitely stay someplace more compatible to our needs.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Fantase62
<Content>Nice but could have been better My husband and two kids stayed there for three nights in June. Very nice lobby and modern simple zen rooms. We were directed to a T stop at south station by the front desk when there was one closer across the street from the convention center. Would have saved some time. I also experienced the maids leaving their carts outside in the hall near their closets - which was right near the rooms on the way to the elevator. We would leave the room in the morning and it was still unmade when we arrived late afternoon -- then the maids came to clean and we had to hurry and change so that they could do the room. Courteous door staff and garage.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	3	3	5	

<Author>Sandra04
<Content>Very Helpful Staff I stayed at the Westin Boston Waterfront in May. The hotel is beautiful with a dramatic open air lobby and very clean and modern rooms. In addition, the staff was always eager to please. Just as an anecdote, I left my coat in the hotel room when I checked out. The hotel staff went out of their way to quickly retrieve it and mail it back to me. The service was much appreciated.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>virgil
<Content>Heavenly Bed and Pillows Westin Boston Waterfront isn't really close to the water.It is a very clean hotel next door to the convention center.The room was clean and the bed very very comfortable.The doormen very friendly.Do not charge any room service the prices are very high.Also do not take any bottles of water left on the dresser they are$5.00 each.Every thing is close if you like to walk other wise you can takea taxi. I found out going to a location cost more than coming back for some reason.Must go to the North End.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SeattleMadrona
<Content>Good, not great. We arrived in Boston 2 days ago for a weekend trip with friends. I have always enjoyed staying in Westin's due to the consistency of service, style and amenities in each location. For the most part this location lives up to the Westin experience.The hotel is location in South Boston near the waterfront. Personally I would not be going to Boston for the waterfront versus the entire city itself. It is about .7 miles from the T and Amtrack South Station. From there you can continue NW to the financial district, and just a little bit further is The Boston Common. A little walking or a short cab ride to the heart of Boston. You also have access to the Red Line T direct to Harvaed and Cambridge from the above station. Some may like the location versus downtown because of the crowds. On our last visit we stayed at the Nine Zero and loved but you have to like being right in the city.The lobby is great with many couches, chairs and nookes. Reception was fast and curteous. Rooms are big, comfortable with a large flat screen. There is a Starbucks near the lobby and a restaurant (we did not use). We ate at Good Life (great burger and outstanding fries) in the financial district and Grill 23 (Expensive but worth it if you like good steak without going to a Mortons chain. Similar to the The Metropolitan in Seattle).My two concerns where personel related. One, the concierge was worthless and plainly uninterested in my business. I asked for food reccomedations and was told walk up Summer until it ends and there are some restaurants. Well, Summer never ends and no suggestions or questions were asked as to preferences. No list or even a single wiff of interest in whether I was satisfied. Second, the maid service was up at 8 am talking extremley loud in the hallway. While I asked them politley to keep the noise down I really do not feel it is necessary for me to leave the room to wuiet the staff. Also, whoever designed the floors decided to place the maids closet/workroom near the corner of many of the rooms on the floor. The maid service also decided to place their large white carts in the hallway across from our room and others at midnight. Its takes a little of the glamour off the location to walk into those carts after a nice dinner downtown.Those concerns aside, I do reccomend this location and hope (I will call the GM) they improve the little things in the future  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	3	5	

<Author>J0ely
<Content>Perfect for business traveler attending the conference next door I stayed here from April 15-18 for the AIIM conference. I was here for a conference and for that, location is perfect. The hotel has a skywalk way on the mezzanine level to the new conference center. You can stay indoors the entire time which is great when weather in Boston is crappy which I experienced. There was a lot of wind and rainstorms during my stay in Boston so weather was not conducive to walking around. My husband and daughter (4 years old) came w/ me on this business trip. So things we liked:1) Nice ambience -- very modern decor. 2) Nice lounge area where you can sit around for snacks  drinks. Good alternative to eating at the only restaurant at the hotel, Sauciety.3) Indoor Pool -- for my daughter who loves to swim 4) Proximity to the Conference  airport-- as I was attending a conference there.Things we did not like:1) Location is a bummer if you are a leisure traveler trying to experience Boston -- This is not really Boston, it's South Boston, parts of which are still really rough neighborhood. Not a good place to walk around even if weather cooperated. Kind of a bummer for my family that was there for leisure.2) Very few restaurants around -- so you are sort of tied to the one restaurant on the premise. We did go and try the Legal Test Kitchen (5 min cab ride and probably within walking distance) -- which was fabulous. But food is a little expensive if you have to eat all your meals at the hotel3) Service is not quite there. First night we were on the top floor and there was this little loud noise from a fan they have up on the top of the building w/o enough insulation. Really loud and there was something wrong w/ the temperature control in the room and it was so hot. Next morning, I changed to a couple floors down and I didn't have the noise or temperature issues. On a separate occasion, my husband took my 4 year old for lunch at the hotel restaurant. Asked for ketchup and never got it for my daughter after asking 3-4 times to the waiter. He would have helped himself if he could find the ketchup.Last year in June, I stayed at the Hyatt Cambridge for a conference. This hotel is nicer, newer, more amenities and definitely more convenient location to the conference center. But one of these days, I would love to stay at one of those hotels in Copley Square to get the full Boston experience. For price comparisons, I got a conference rate of $229 per night. I hope they work out the kinks in the service -- it would be so much better then.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	2	2	4	

<Author>msserene
<Content>NOT waterfront, but nice First, everyone should know the Westin Boston Waterfront is NOT on the waterfront. It's a couple blocks away and there is not even a good water view. The hotel is next door to the convention center and in a more commercial part of Boston. You cannot walk anywhere from the hotel and must take a cab wherever you might want to go----restaurants, historic sites, shopping, etc. That said, the hotel is quite nice itself. The lobby is beautiful, the rooms are very nice, there is a good restaurant and bars. There is a Starbuck's in the lobby. It has all the amenities expected in a 4-star hotel. Hotel services are great. The location is the only issue. If you are attending a convention at the center, it's the best location possible. Cabs are always waiting in front of the hotel.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>caocao
<Content>Just what one expects for a 4 star hotel I bid $100 /night for a night in downtown Boston and got this hotel, and that includes two weekend nights. A great bargain. The hotel does charge for everything, including $30/night for parking in its garage. What I did instead was to park my rental car on the street for nothing. It's only a 2 minute walk from the nearest parking spots. Just make sure you read the signs carefully so you don't park on the side that will tow for street cleaning that night or in spots that require a resident permit. The furnishings are all nice and new. The view is so so - the area is still quite industrial and has many car lots. I got a corner room and it was quiet. My friend got a room off a normal corridor and she did not sleep well one night because of noise. Breakfast at the hotel restaurant Sauciety is on the pricey side (e.g. $6 for a 8 fl oz orange juice, one size) , quite basic and not particularly good given the pretension of the hotel. I had a bagel and it was like the kind you get in a supermarket. I also ordered a soft boil egg which came hard boil, served in a bowl where the egg rolled around. Because the egg was very hot and no egg cup was used, I had to wait until it cooled down before I could hold onto the egg and shell it. (May an egg cup is not a common thing in the US? I don't know.)  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>NoCal
<Content>Great Conference Stay       Room View 2  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>sean
<Content>Who says size isn't everything? Was apprehensive due to reports. Outside the hotel resembles a concrete jungle but then the main conference hall is opposite the hotel-it couldn't be any closer.Hotel ouzes space and comfort. Enormous foyer with water, wipes and fruit for the weary traveller. Plenty of waitress's at the bar- some were Russian. Off the main foyer are some 8 lifts available and very fast. Everything in the room was big and comfortable-room, bed,ensuite. The bed was so comfortable. Receptionists were professional, humane and efficient. You knew you were being cared for. Voucher given for buffet breakfast with a variety of items to eat. Although why is food luke warm. Taxis are available outside hotel and the doorman will whistle for them.Old Town Trolley Tours have a stop outside hotel. We taxied to the Aquarium, walked to Childrens Museum, Quincy Market and then back to Hotel. This was quite a pleasant walk. Had a meal in the No Name Restaurant across in the Quays. Enjoyable experience. Definitely will return and appreciate that it is a fair distance to taxi if you wanted to constantly visit downtown. One taxi cost $15 to go to The Cheesecake Factory while the return journey cost $8.Tripadvisor Member Lurgan N. Ireland  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DavidS050
<Content>Perfect if you're attending a convention at the convention center Just finished an 8-night stay while attending a convention next door to the hotel. There is a connecting walkway that makes travel simple for convention center attendees. Check-in was a breeze, and while I have read previous comments concerning rude service, I experienced none of that during my eight days at the hotel. I can't say the staff were overly courteous, however, they always smiled and answered my questions to my satisfaction. My room was perfectly adequate and clean, with marble bathroom, and 42 flat panel TV. The king size heavenly bed was spectacular, and while I normally have trouble sleeping in hotel beds, this one put me to sleep within 10 minutes.... I agree with previous readers regarding on-site food selection; It is limited and very expensive. You have to travel across the bridge to get to the good restaurants in the downtown area, however, people seem to forget that this hotel caters mainly to convention center attendees. There are two very good restaurants within a three-quarter mile easy walking distance called The Barking Crab, and Anthony's Pier 9. The Barking Crab has picnic tables, down to earth great seafood choices, in a very casual (jeans) atmosphere, while Anthony's Pier 9 is more upscale with extremely good food. Anything else, requires a short cab ride costing $8-$10. The hotel bar, while not having the most ambience was adequate for late night cocktails. Overall, a fine hotel for convention center attendees, and adequate for others trying to save a few dollars from the pricier downtown hotels.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mlux633
<Content>Where oh where are all the other restaurants? This hotel is new, large, bright, and the rooms are comfortable and nicely decorated. There are many howevers after that, however! The area had no other restaurants within easy walking distance--I can't quite figure where meeting attendees will eat lunch once the convention center is in full swing. The hotel's only restaurant, Sauciety, has a strictly a la carte menu with the goofy premise of choosing sauces for everything, and is overpriced even for a hotel dining room--I mean, come on, $23 for a dry piece of chicken, plus $6 for side dishes! My sister and I had an extremely mediocre dinner for $96 with no apps or drinks and only one dessert. The only other choice in the hotel--and remember, there didn't seem to be anything else nearby--was the lobby Starbucks, which offered no fruit or sandwiches and closed very early in the evening.In summary, great room, nice people, just figure out somewhere else to eat and drink.  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>M_EPortlan
<Content>Avoid At All Costs This a horrible overpriced hotel with poor service and marginal rooms. The rooms are at best average, more like a 3 star hotel than what you might expect out of a Westin. I recently stayed there but some guests from my company who arrived later only to be informed that their room was not available and were sent to a hotel more than 30 minutes away.  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>hartss
<Content>OK Westin, a zen lobby and flat screen TV do not make a great hotel This is a perfectly adequate new Westin. The bed was of course comfortable. The lobby was really cool - slate, limestone, very sleek. The room was fine - nice HD flatscreen TV, very clean. I love Westin Hotels, don''t get me wrong. Then why did this property leave me cold? Only two reasons, really, and maybe it was just timing.1. The check-in was very perfunctory, not the warm greeting I have received at other Boston hotels in the same price category. In fact, I have not had a hotel stay in recent memory - and I travel a lot - during which I felt as anonymous and invisible as I did here. The staff needs to be trained on service points - especially the doormen.2. Although the lobby and room were nice, what's with the hallways? So drearily decorated, it was depressing - I kid you not - walking back and forth to and from the room. Olive drab to the nth degree - literally.Would I come back? Yes, for the Starwood points, as the other (and much better) Westin in Boston has become wildly expensive and my company doesn't let us stay there anymore. I guess could grow to tolerate boring hallways.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	2	2	3	

<Author>LondonBuddy
<Content>Great hotel I had a 4 night stay in this hotel and was very happy with every aspect of my stay. I was on a BB basis and breakfast was excellent. Room was large, bright and clean, likewise for bathroom. Staff were friendly and professional. Starbucks on site was very handy. The out of town location, for me, was not a problem at all. I don't understand why anybody would think it so. It is a lovely walk up Summer St or a short taxi ride. Taxis are available all the time. I was impressed with this hotel and would use it again.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jonnoh64
<Content>It ain't pretty it just looks that way! Facility is beautiful, room was good though closet too small for two people. Bathtub bottom was stained and went uncleaned over five days despite our mentioning it. Location is too far from downtown attractions/shopping given other options. Staff? Some good, some were VERY poor. The doormen were all very helpful and courteous. The check in woman was ambivalence personified. The bar staff made us, and the strangers next to us, very aware that we should feel lucky they agreed to serve us! We were clearly inconveniencing them by wanting to order a night-cap as they wanted to close up early (i.e., an hour before the posted closing time). This was explained to us thus: Look, we get paid a lot of money and the management looks around and realizes they're losing money so they shut down early. There were over 40 customers and two bar staff at the time. I am not making this up. The Service Plus line on the in-room phone went unanswered on three occasions and when I finally got a staff-person they were also clearly disinterested in helping. Lastly, reservation quoted on internet was NOT what I was billed (it was $600 higher - possibly to off-set the cost of keeping the bar staff on until closing time, not sure).  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	2	2	2	1	3	

<Author>OhioChowhound
<Content>Sleek hotel with all the amenities We stayed in this hotel during the weekend of the Boston Marathon. Location was not ideal for the marathon, but once we figured out the T, it was fine. In better weather, it is only a mile or so to walk to all the Boston attractions. The Silver Line T (World Trade Center stop) is very close. The room was beautiful and was exactly as pictured. The bathroom was very nice with granite countertop, a robe, and nice big towels. The bed was extremely comfortable - best hotel bed I've been in. Service was great, especially for the large crowd staying there. The gym was very nice with lots of machines. Pool was a little small, but nice. Room service food was so-so, but the food in the lobby with the bar service looked awesome. The bar was really nice and they even had a guy making sushi. I would definitely stay here again. It's not the best location if you want to have all the Boston attractions right outside your door, but I liked having the big hotel with all the amenities and didn't mind the location.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	2	5	4	4	4	

<Author>glencora
<Content>Sleek and modern hotel outside central Boston We鈥檝e just spent the weekend at the Westin Waterfront in Boston celebrating our son鈥檚 birthday. Initially we were disappointed in not being able to find a hotel at a central location due to the Marathon, but the hotel was so nice that it made the distance factor a mute point. The hotel is large (about 800 rooms), sleek and modern. The lobby is dramatic and was pleasantly filled (even at 10:30 at night) with people socializing. Check-in was a snap, in spite of the fact that the hotel was totally sold out. Our rooms were spanking clean, modern and roomy. Our bed was wonderfully comfortable, so much so that my husband, who is usually a very early riser, slept until 9:30 the next morning. We had a huge flat screen tv, Starbucks coffee and tea for the coffee maker and a variety of ultra-modern conveniences. Our bathroom was roomy and modern and had beautiful granite countertops and a stone floor. The pool, which we did not have the time to use, looked beautiful. There was a Starbucks in the lobby. Check-out was also very easy. The employees were polite and helpful, including after putting our two sons in a room with a king sized bed rather than two doubles as requested. They were conscientious about security and insisted that I come down to the registration desk to identify my sons. I appreciated this detail, despite the fact that it required I get redressed, after a recent experience in a luxury hotel where I was offered a friend鈥檚 room key by a hotel employee when she didn鈥檛 answer her room phone. I would return to the hotel without hesitation, with the one concern being its out of the way location. There was public transportation right near by, but we never needed to use it. My impression is that one gets far more for the money by staying a bit out of the center of downtown Boston.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mcn_mi
<Content>Beautiful, Clean HOTEL We stayed at the Westin Boston Waterfront this past weekend and overall, enjoyed the experience. The rooms look exactly as pictured on the site - very modern and comfortable. The bathrooms are a nice size, slate floor and granite countertop. The room was pretty clean - and I am very, very picky about cleanliness. We did notice that the walls are a bit thin -- meaning if your room is quiet (i.e., you're trying to sleep) and someone in the room next to you is watching TV, talking or flushing the toilet -- you can hear it. There were also a lot of kids on our floor that were incapable of walking from the elevator to their room, so they ran. Sprinted. Needless to say, that was anything but pleasant. But the entire hotel is pretty swanky - nice cocktail hour in the lobby bar..very relaxing and good feng shui, if you're into that. And having a Starbucks in the hotel is more than convenient - it's dangerous! But it proved to be a life-saver after our experience in the hotel restaurant, Sauciety. This is no fault of the hotel, but it could have been the worst dining experience we've ever had. There was a breakfast buffet for $21 (normal price for a hotel restaurant) which supposedly included everything on the buffet table, as well as almost everything on the menu..? The explanation didn't make much sense to us - our waiter was rushed and had a think accent. But he took our orders and never came back to the table again. My fiance wanted to modify his order but never had the chance. So he asked another server to place an order for him (which was never placed) and to have our server come to the table - and he never came. My fiance finally tracked him down and had him come to our table, so we could ask if he was still our waiter and tell him how unhappy we were with the situation. Instead of talking to us, he had the manager come out. But that was the best option, as he handled everything very professionally and apologized to us for the inconvenience. We appreciated it but we'd never, ever dine there again. The other thing to consider with this hotel is that it's not actually in the downtown Boston area - it's near their World Trade Center and Boston Convention  Expo Center. But there's a bus/train station nearby - so you can get virtually anywhere in the city via train, even to the airport. We learned the airport lesson the hard way, as we took a cab to the hotel once we'd landed at Logan, and even though the Westin is about 3 miles from the airport, it cost us $20! We took the bus on the way back -- much more cost effective.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>bric14
<Content>Great place, honest staff!! The hotel was beautiful, staff was helpful. But the best part was the help I got after realizing I had left items in the room safe. Already about to board a plane for Texas, I called the Westin, and they retrieved my items and FedEx'd them to me, and I had them by the end of the week! That alone will bring me back, as I know that in many places I would have never seen those items again.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>miredintx
<Content>Room service!? Still waiting... Attended a conference hosted here the week of March 26th. The room, bed and facilities were fine. On my last night, I filled out the breakfast menu card and hung it outside on the door as directed. Since I had an early afternoon flight, I thought I would spend my final morning enjoying a casual breakfast in the room. I requested the breakfast be brought to the room at 8 AM. When it had not arrivedby 8:45 I called room service and asked about it. I was told the kitchen was running a little behind and I would receive a call back with an update. At 10 AM, still not having received breakfast or the promised call back, I went down to the restaurant where I was seated and ordered breakfast. This thoughtless behavior marred what was otherwise a pretty good experience for a VERY patient person.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	2	4	4	1	4	

<Author>zuttoman
<Content>Somewhat beautiful, somewhat disapointing I got a good rate and I'd been dying to try this new Westin. There are parts of it that are standard Westin-glam. Dark wood, dramatic entrance, etc. But there are several details that felt more like a big, value convention center hotel. For instance there are great design elements in the room including dark wood furniture and a big mirror over the desk. But the closet is this industrial door with an industrial door knob and hinges. It's jarringly out of place in this hotel. Overall it feels more like a Sheraton than a Westin. For the right price, it's a fun hotel but I fear that because it's a Westin the prices are going to climb and it's certainly not as nice as other Westin's I've stayed in.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>ptedhath
<Content>Seen Boston already? I live 20 miles outside Boston and my wife and I come into town quite often for a late dinner and a night over. I use priceline quite often and decided to try 4 stars /S.Boston,waterfront area. Knowing that the only 4 star properties available would include the Westin, I gave 100 bucks a shot. Sure enough, the Westin took it.My comments on the hotel are as follows:valet parking is pricey @ 36 bucks.flat panel tv in room is a nice touchThe hotel is brand new so all of the bathroom fixtures, tub etc are clean and the bathroom mirror is great.Legal Test Kitchen is a not your regular Legal Sea Food restaurant. Great place for dinner only 2 blocks away on D St. and an easy walk from the hotel.I would recommend this hotel for someone attending a conference next door. Also, perfect for a copule that lives in New England who wants to try something new but doesn't feel the need to stay downtown to do the sightseeing thing.Paul H.Acton,MA  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mexico51
<Content>terrible experience I booked a Saturday night stay for a surprise get away to celebrate my husbands 62nd birthday and it was a waste of money! I brought a bottle of wine to chill and when we checked in the refrigerator was not working. We left to explore Boston and asked if someone could come up and get the refrigerator working to chill our wine. We came back to the hotel 6 hours later and still no one came up! We called and asked to speak to the manager on duty, he apologized and offered us dessert. We had already had our dinner and suggested breakfast. He explained to fill out the menu and make a note that it was complimentary, we did and much to our dismay, when I got our credit card statement we were charged! The food was terrible from room service. Nothing was edible, the yogurt parfait was warm and the granola soggy and there was a layer of water floating on top of the yogurt! We did not get the coffee we ordered, but we did get the cups and sugar and milk. The cart it came on had 2 strands of hair on it. I asked at the check in desk if they had any kind of gel, etc. to put in the tub for a bath. The girl said at the gift shop they carry it. I went to the gift shop and asked and they said no. The manager on duty said they have a body wash that should have been in the room but it wasnt'. This may not seem extreme, but for us it was. My husband and I have to pay someone to take our beeper when we go away. We have to be available for elderly residents in the building we live in in case of a medical emergency.So we rarely get to go anywhere. I thought Westin was a name I could trust and know we would have the very best service available.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	2	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>JGMotek
<Content>Bring Extra Cash If You Want to Eat While the hotel room itself was reasonable (except for a brightly flashing smoke detector), the pricey hotel restaurants and lack of any restaurants in reasonable walking distance make this a problematic choice in winter. The hotel dinner restaurant, Sauciety, seems to have a menu built to get people in and out (primarily mains prepared simply with a choice of exotic sauces) but we waited one solid hour from the time we placed our order to the time food actually arrived, with neither acknowledgment nor apologies from management or staff, an experience duplicated by others we know who were there the same weekend. Add slow service to things like a $13 barely edible omelette for breakfast and a badly stocked Starbucks and you're in for a long weekend.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	1	3	3	3	3	

<Author>BeatriceNY
<Content>Great Hotel but not in central Boston Excellent hotel; clean, spacious  modern. Good b/c the conference I attended was in the hotel. Not a great location if you want to see Boston. It is outside the main area.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	2	5	4	5	3	

<Author>thora777
<Content>good business hotel This hotel is what I would call upscale comfort; Everything you would expect from a Westin (non-smoking, clean,Heavenly bed and bath, good location, excellent service) presented in a comfortable environment-when I stay at a hotel, I just want to unwind for the most part, and the Westin Boston excels at this. I've stayed at this hotel twice and had no problems with checkin or out; the room was great, staff was helpful and friendly. And I found the resturant, Sauciety, yummy. Service and food top notch.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>craigpatt
<Content>Good Business Hotel I have just returned from 4 nights at the Westin Boston Waterfront, the hotel is of a good standard although probably more suited to business travellers during the week, particularly if there is a conference on.You can walk to downtown (approx 20 minutes on foot) or a cab is approx $10.I would consider staying at the Westin again however there are some good hotels in the centre too which are worth looking at.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	2	5	4	4	5	

<Author>EastcoastRafiki
<Content>Impressed with the family friendly Westin I recently stayed at the Westin Watrefront for one night with my husband and children ages 4 and 6.We were very impressed with the service,cleanliness,food and family friendly vibe we experienced there.The hotel is modern designed to appeal to the business traveler with its location next door to the Convention Center.Valet was friendly and prompt as were the door men.Check in was great and although the lobby clearly represents a large,high end adult property,the kids were given and excellent grab bag of goodies in a cute drawstring bag wich made them feel welcome.That scored huge points with us as well.We had a suite which was decorated in an modern style low on charm and warmth,but was immaculate.Every request I made was met in a friendly and prompt manner.Pool and workout were very clean.Dinner was good ,but pricey offering some nice taste experiences and service was excellent.The chef came out to ask us if we liked our meals and he sent our children to complimentary sundays! Starbucks was great staff there were very friendly and they too offered my kids some complimentary treats.Although,I would not normaly choose this property as a vacation spot because it has the feel of a more of a adult travelers hotel( no game room,kid food casual spots or other screaming kids running through the lobby) I was pleasantly surprised at how welcome we felt and we will definately travel to theWestin with my children again.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tbm0
<Content>Don't stay here I stayed here while attending back to back meetings in Boston. The Friday/Saturday meeting was in Back Bay but the Sunday to Wednesday meeting was at the Convention Center. I stayed here because of its location next to the convention center and because it was a Westin. What I had was anything but what I have come to expect from Westin Hotels. There was no phone book in the room, no hotel directory of services in the room, no information about use of the phone including costs. Although the reservation was for two persons, there were only enough towels for one person. After two requests they provided additional towels but then did not replenish each day for two persons.Our key cards repeatedly failed and they blamed the failure on us. They told us we should not put our key cards near our credit cards or cell phone. Neither of us did so.The sheets were so rough so as to interfere with sleep. Rather than being called a heavenly bed they needed to rename it the hellish bed.The Starbucks closes at 7p so your only choices for food are the lobby bar or the restaurant. Both charge exorbitant amounts for their food and drinks.On our last day my roommate and I worked with the desk to make sure everything was correct on our bills. When I opened my MasterCard bill I found they charged both bills to my credit card. When I called them they said my roommate's credit card was declined when she checked in. At no time while we were there or since did they bother to notify us that it had been declined. This included when we straighted out the bill on the morning of departure. My roommate did not checkout for several hours after I checked out so there was no excuse for this.My advice if you are attending a meeting at the convention center is to stay at the Seaport, just a short walk away.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>CityGirl610
<Content>Fabulous Convention Center Hotel! The organization I work for will be hosting their 2007 annual conference at the BCEC, the convention center attached to the Westin Boston Waterfront. I was looking forward to staying at the hotel and was not dissapointed. The property is beautiful, with very sleek, modern decor. Check-in was a breeze. The Heavenly Bed is truly heavenly. I love how easy it is to walk from the hotel to the convention center. On my last day at the Westin, I needed a late check out so that I could meet with the Events Manager at the BCEC. They were more than happy to accomidate for a minimal fee. I am so looking forward to returning to this property for further site visits. Great job Starwood!On another note, there is not much by way of shopping and restaurants in the Waterfront area. However, it seems as if there are extensive plans for development. Once the development occurs, I believe the Waterfront district will be a great place to stay!  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>havanahipster
<Content>Two Thumbs Up! This is by far one of the best properties that Westin owns. They automatically upgraded me to a suite when I checked in. The decor of the lobby, fitness center, and hotel rooms is ultra modern and everything is extremely clean. There is a full service Starbucks in the lobby of the hotel. Definitely two thumbs up!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brokenankle
<Content>Second Stay a Bit Better... I was very disappointed with my first stay at this hotel and communicated this to both the Westin Waterfront and Starwood. To the hotel's credit, my issues reached the General Manager and he offered me a complimentary night. We were very happy with the efficient check in process. Our room with a view was beautiful. The General Manager called me shortly after I checked in to inquire if everything was satisfactory. I thanked him for everything. The hot tub was actually hot this time. The light in the room by the door wasn't working but I didn't want to keep on complaining!Unfortunately, things went downhill after this and my issues were with the restaurants and room service. The service at the restaurant was very slow and they were not busy. I was there at 5:15 pm and there were 2 other dinner parties at most. My dinner entree of tuna was cooked medium, not rare as I requested. When I finally received a rare piece of tuna, it was very, very, very salty. The staff at the restaurant was very accomodating and removed the charge. I would have been happier had I received prompt service and a meal that had been cooked as I requested .My 8 year old son, his school friend and I went to the Celtics game that night. We returned to the hotel at 10:45 pm. I asked the hostess at the Birch Bar if we would we able to order some food. SHe seated us and told us that food was available until 11:00 PM. Our server finally arrived well after 11:00 pm. When she told us that food was only available until 11:00 pm, I politely explained that we had been seated at 10:45 pm. Our server was then willing to take our order. Why did we have to wait so long for her to acknowledge our presence? I ordered a shrimp tempura skewer. I was delivered a very soggy and cold lobster tempura skewer. I brought this to the attention of our server and I was eventaully delivered a crisp, freshly cooked shrimp tempura skewer.The litany continues with my room service breakfast order the next morning. I requested an order of plain fluffy pancakes (not the crunchy granola variety) and was assured that this was what I would receive. Guess what ? The pancakes were plain and fluffy on the outside and the center was an uncooked mass of granola and pancake batter. I had also asked for an extra plate as the boys would be sharing their meal. There was no extra plate. I had to dissect the pancakes, remove the granola and serve their breakfast on saucers. The extra plate came after the kids had fully rejected the very expensive breakfast. I didn't complain about these issues; to do so would have been too little and too late.We will be at this property again in February. Keeping our fingers crossed!This is a nice hotel; get your food elsewhere!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>carlyle
<Content>Great convention center hotel The Westin Boston WaterfrontI stayed 3 nights (Dec 3 to 6th) in this new hotel by the convention center. Room rate of $279. Location is easy to get to from the airport all of my meetings were I the financial district and cab ride was $6 and just a few minutes each day.Hotel lobby is large and expansive, check in was done at wooden kiosks like the Westin Kierland. Lobby included a well designed bar and a very large Starbucks, whoich was awesome.Instant recognition of SPG Platinum status on check in and I received an upgrade to a parlor suite (1044  1045). Parlor suite was a regular room with a pass through door to a similar sized room outfitted with a table and six chairs, a sofa and two comfy chairs. Parlor had a full bath identical to the one in the guest room.Both rooms were decorated with new wave wall, desk and floor lamps, all with large white shades and metal bases. Carpeting is brand new and has different textures to it, felt great to walk uponWestin Heavenly Bed against wooden headboard. All colors muted and neutral, looks much better in person and much larger than pictures of the guest room on the web site.Each room had a mini-bar, stocked with the usual overpriced items, free bottles of Panna water and a 32鈥?LG plasma flat screen that actually played true HD, great for football. Also hotel pay per view had NFL ticket option, really cool!!!Room service was quick and efficient, promised dinner in 30 minutes arrived in 17.Work out room standard Reebok fitness as good as any Westin and indoor pool was nice not spectacular. Hot tub was more of a warm tub.All in all one of the nicest hotels in the Westin chain, if you are going to the convention center you will love it. Not great for vacationers but it could do, especially with the indoor pool, but you will have to ride the T or take cabs to anywhere you want to go.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	4	5	5	

<Author>corar
<Content>A Very detailed account of a great stay! Just returned from a one night stay at the Westin waterfront. I would have liked to give this a 4.5, but I will give this hotel the benefit of an added half-star in lieu of one less. For us, however, this was a great all around experience.First, we went to this hotel for a one night romantic getaway- we recently got married, but havent had time for a honeymoon so it was just a brief getaway from our house which is probably only 3 miles away. The Westin provided a great escape. Here's a breakdown of the things I noticed.-The lobby is huge, with a modern decor, and a open lobby bar. However despite being a very modern theme, the use of live birch trees, dark wood, and vibrant art makes it feel comfortable and not cold. This is not your typical Boston hotel, and that is one of the reasons I wanted to stay here.- Our room was the standard size and for Boston, I have to say it was quite large. The bathroom was unremarkable, although the mirror was fantastic- it was surrounded by a light making it easy for putting on makeup, etc. The TV was a LG 32 inch HD, and the picture and sound were fantastic. The selection of channels was better than most hotel rooms, and most channels were in HD. Our view was actually pretty great even though we didn't pay for a room with a view- it is an interesting perspective of Boston from that location, and we enjoyed just watching our city. The window was the entire wall. The furnishings in the room continue the modern but almost nature-feel with warm, earthy tones. The heavenly bed was, as always, heavenly.-The workout facility was spotless with all brand new equipment. The treadmills were far better than at my own gym. The pool was small, but clean, and the hot-tub was, strangely, metal.-Dining- we had drinks in the Birch Bar in the lobby- expensive cocktails, but the friendly bartender gave us a round for free. We had the Sea Salt french fries and they were soooo good. You get to choose a few sauces that come from the restaurant, Sauciety. I definitely recommend the Whiskey Spiked Ketchup. We ate dinner and breakfast in the room. Dinner was actually great, and for room-service in Boston, reasonably priced. Breakfast on the other hand, was the downside. VERY expensive ($20 for the standard American Breakfast). The eggs were watery and weird, and the pancakes were salty. It was included in our rate, so we werent that dissapointed. -Service. We had simply outstanding service all around. My husband mentioned that we were there for a special occassion, and when we returned to our room from the Birch Bar, we found a bottle of expensive champagne and a plate of four delicious chocolate desserts. Room service was prompt, and when we requested extra pillows, they were there in under 5 minutes. The bartender downstairs was great, and check-in and check out were efficient.So the bottom line- I would not recommend this hotel for tourists because of the location, though if you get a good rate, I would go for it. Also, in warmer months, it really wouldnt be that bad to walk places. We paid 179 for the room which included in room breakfast and a 4pm checkout. The Starwood website often includes great rates, especially last minute, but it helps to know how to navigate it. However, there have regularly been affordable rates, even as low as 130. Either of these is a steal for Boston. I would strongly recommend this hotel for locals looking for a getaway, others looking for a more quiet location, and certainly for conventioners. It wasn't quite perfect b/c of the breakfast, and the bathroom could have been a bit larger. Nonetheless, this is a great Westin property.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>macman2
<Content>THE Convention Hotel If you are in town for a meeting at the new Convention Center, this is the only hotel attached to the center. That alone makes it the best place to stay for those who are walk challenged, although it is a long walk to get there. Stayed for eight days so I can say that the room was clean, modern, with a great view of downtown Boston. Westin hotels have great towels, beds which are their signature feature. The area around the Convention Center lacks for easy public transportation, has only a few restaurants, and very little nightlife.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>SuperPixie
<Content>The WORST SERVICE In Boston I am a meeting planner and was very excited to stay at the new Westin during a large conference my company was hosting. My team and I work late hours and quickly determined the hotel restaurant, bar, and room service staff to be in need of a major overhaul. All of the offered menus seemed to try too hard to be special and unique, but they were not able to pull it off. First, this hotel must learn how to do the basics and once they master those, then try to be different. The sliders on the Birch Bar menu were dry and one night as a group of us dined close to our other friend鈥檚 table we were all given a different message from the same server about what was available and what was not available. It is very unfortunate for a hotel to ever 鈥?6鈥?hamburgers from their menu! Throughout the week we found the only way to get decent service in the Birch Bar was to tap our waitress on the shoulder and give her our orders either verbally or written down for her convenience. We found room service to be an absolute nightmare. Our standard delivery time was 90 minutes or more, but on one occasion when I placed and order and was told it would take 鈥渁pproximately 60 minutes鈥?I was on the phone and placed on hold with the Service Express agent at least 20 minutes as she fumbled through taking my order. I ordered the steak salad from the room service menu and was extremely disappointed when it arrived and it was a plate of chopped tomatoes and red onions with little blue cheese and a chewy piece of steak. I expected a salad and did not feel the menu description accurately informed me of the overpriced 鈥渕eal.鈥?Also, I tried to order a half bottle of Shiraz with my meal and found it frustrating there was not a wine menu included with my room service menu so I had to rely on the Service Express agent to tell me what was available. She missed big and a full bottle of Point Noir was delivered with my meal.Our final experience with the hotel that sent me over the edge was when I went to get my car from the hotel valet parking. The ticket stated a 20 minute wait so I decided to wait outside and get some fresh air. After 30 minutes and no car I became concerned but understood they were busy. After 60 minutes I went to ask about my car and was given the run around by one of the valet employees. When I demanded to know where my car was I was told they didn鈥檛 know and they thought it had been towed. My question is how does a car get towed from hotel valet?!? I demanded they get my car back immediately and informed them they would be responsible for any damage that my have been an effect of the towing. I was then sent inside and offered something to drink and to eat. It made the wait easier, but the situation not forgivable. As I sat there the Manager on Duty that afternoon in the hotel approached me and when I began to express my frustration regarding the towing situation he informed me the parking and the hotel are separate. He seemed to not understand his hotel contracted the parking service and his guest entrust their cars to their care when they stay at his hotel so as far as I was concerned it is in fact one and the same.After 2.5 hours my car was brought back to the hotel undamaged and I was on my way home. Before I left I met a very nice lady with a bigger problem than my own, her car had been stolen from valet!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	2	3	4	1	2	

<Author>mrjanto
<Content>Still working out the kinks As many have noted, this place still hasn't worked everything out. The restaurants? I stayed away from Sauciety based on other's reviews. Other than that there's not much close by, but it's not impossible. The walk to a restaurant was about the same as I usually take in other towns. The only difference is that in other towns I am usually passing other restaurants along the way. Other problems? They have no price list on the phone usage or the snacks in the refrigerator. When we called to ask the prices on the snacks, we were told that the value of the entire contents was $500. That didn't help us much in figuring out the price of a diet soda. After I checked out and verified my bill, I received a second charge for $15.75 on my credit card. I called back to ask about it, and I was told that it was for food taken from the refrigerator. I assured them we didn't take it, and they refunded my card. The Starbucks didn't seem prepared for large groups, because they ran out of food every morning. As a note, more restaurants are opening in the hotel next year. There were also some problems with the locks on the doors. I got locked out of my room twice. The second time I was getting a new entry card, they gave me 3 cards just in case there were more problems. So for the rest of the week, I had to carry 3 cards around and of course the card never stopped working after that. Other than that, I really liked the open airiness of the lobby and the proximity to the train.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	2	5	4	4	3	

<Author>missmervin
<Content>above average experience We spent one night here in early october. Overall, we had a pleasant experience. The building's lobby, elevator, bedroom, bathroom and gym were decorated with ultra modern style. Everything was new. We liked the room's bathroom. It had a beautiful mirror, light fixtures and faucet handles. The rooms flat screen television, large wetbar and fluffy rug were above average. It was fun to work out on the brand new gym equipment. The treadmills had televisions built-in, which you could listen to with headphones. The staff was also friendly. They let us check-in early at 10:00 with no problems whatsoever. As for the location, it is near the waterfront near the new convention center. We had very little difficulty walking across the street to the silver line to pick-up public transportation. It was a 5 minute ride into Back Bay. We would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>ANDYH428
<Content>Clean New Hotel; but needs some bugs fixed The hotel is new...clean and very nice looking rooms with hdtv flat screens...lobby is beautifully decorated...buuuuuuuuuut thats where it ends for the compliments...onto the negatives...the hotel is in a deserted location when it comes to restaurants and bars and shops so you would think that the property would have more than an overpriced critically bashed restaurant as a place to eat when visiting. Sauciety is a 1 1/2 star rated restaurant not worth your cash...just take a $10 cab into the middle of boston and eat at a real restaurant like Umbria for example...their starbucks closes at 7pm?!?!? no yellow pages in the room so you have to order from their room service...again overpriced crap...the cleaning service was loud slamming doors repeatedly...very annoying...no bottle opener for the wetbar and also no list of prices for the bar...wont stay here again...i guess great for business travelers using the convention center...but for families and couples who want a boston experience...skip this hotel!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	1	4	3	3	4	

<Author>PDDNOSMom
<Content>Brand New Hotel and still having some operational difficulties at times.. My family and I stayed here due to a great introductory rate of $149. For this rate we got a room on the 4th floor with a view of the rooftop air conditioning system and not much else, but it wasn't a problem. The floor itself is quiet and we heard no noise from the outside except an occasional airplane in the distance. We have stayed in Boston many times and knew that this hotel is not close to the touristy areas, but public transportation is closeby. The beds were comfortable, the large flatscreen TV and other decor was modern, and the bathroom size was more than adequate.The main issues we had with the hotel were things that made the hotel seem cheap - such as there being absolutely no super hot  water in either the shower in our room or the ladies'/men's locker room, no matter what time we took our showers. Also, the fact that the soap dispenser in the locker room was the plastic kind that stick to the wall, and in fact had been broken off of the wall. It would have been nice if the hotel had large pump-style containers of shampoo and conditioner in the shower as well as the varous toiletries available in case you forgot your own (or the dispenser was torn from the wall). I've been in other hotels that supply this for their guests and it is much appreciated. Also, as other people have noted, this hotel does nickel and dime their guests with the expensive room service charges, internet charges, and very expensive parking.There is a pool and a large workout room which our family used. The pool ranges from 3 feet to 4.5 feet deep, and is well heated. There is also a hot tub in the pool area.We didn't eat in the restaurant but we did order room service. We placed a small order fairly late (around 9:30 or 10 PM) and it took over 45 minutes to come to the room.As other guests have noted, there are few options for dining closeby. Upon checkout, we discovered that the computer system was down and they were manually checking people out of their rooms. We called several hours later after we arrived home to confirm that our checkout was completed properly, and learned that the computers were still down. We had to wonder how they managed to check the guests into the hotel that day.All in all, the place is still working out the kinks. It's a perfectly good place to stay if you are going to an event at the convention center, or if you get a good rate and don't mind using the public transporation to get around.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	2	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>vic49
<Content>nice property My husband and I stayed here for a local convention. We live in MA so it was a short stay.The property is brand new so everything is fresh and clean. It is very convienent if you are going to new convention center as it is connected by a walkway.They only have one restaurant and a Starbucks. The hotel is a bit of a walk from the center of city, but easy to catch the T (subway) at South Station, only a block away.The service was not too great for a quick bite to eat though. Restaurant was not open for seating yet and we were told to go to lobby bar area and someone would wait on us. The waiter appeared to be by himself and kept walking by us, so I finally went to bar and placed order myself. Very high priced but decent. Prices are what you would expect in a Boston hotel for food. It was pretty good overall.Rooms are nice size with plenty of drawer space. Bedding was all white with fluffy comforter. TV was hi-def flatscreen with plenty of channels. Bathroom had nice counterspace. Hallways were a bit drab in decor and darkish but overall nice hotel for the money.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>TA_Karen
<Content>Nice, but Expensive! My husband and I stayed at here Oct 9-11 while at a convention. He was able to check us in effortlessly and quickly. The bellman who brought me up to the room (1641) was pleasant and helpful in demonstrating the workings of the room.Speaking of the room, we got a group rate of $255 per night, which we thought was really high. I have traveled alot for business over the years and I have a hard time believing this much money is warranted for ANY room unless it is in a spectacular location (this property is not), or comes with some amenities or meals included, etc. (which this did not). While beautiful, new and spotlessly clean, this room was nothing really special.It was, however, beautifully decorated - very sleek and modern with zenlike, muted colors. There were floor to ceiling windows which would be great for the 16th floor if they didn't overlook the nasty rooftops of nearby buildings. There was plenty of counter space and a desk, a nice office chair, a cushioned chair and ottoman, a keylocked snack bar, inroom safe, roomy dresser drawers, alarm clock, cordless phone, flat screen tv, bathrobe and iron  board. The Heavenly Bed was fluffy and comfortable - best hotel bed we've slept in in a long time. The room was quiet - we didn't hear much of anything from the outside, except for a neighbor's door closing from time to time. The air in the ENTIRE hotel, however was incredibly dry - almost to the point of discomfort.When we first arrived (around noon) there were several room service trays in the hallways, but by mid afternoon they had disappeared. The staff we encountered cleaning rooms or elsewhere were pleasant and helpful.It is a bit isolated in its location - unless you plan to drive or cab or T it into downtown, your food options are very limited. The Sauciety restaurant is HUGELY expensive, and the only other choices you have are Starbucks or, of course, room service which amounts to over $20 for a chicken salad sandwich, including 18% gratuity and $3.00 delivery charge! (Fortunately, we had breakfast and lunch provided by our event.)So, over all, it was clean, neat, new and pleasant, but they never seem to miss an opportunity to gouge travelers who are already paying high rates for rooms for MORE money! In addition to the expensive food options, valet parking is $37 and self-parking $27 per 24 hours. 1 litre bottles of water in the room are $5 each. Internet is $9.95 for 24 hours.As I said at the beginning, I balked at the $255 per night rate, but perhaps I would have found it easier to take if some of these other charges were more reasonable or better still, non-existent.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	2	5	5	4	3	

<Author>nadvisor
<Content>Needs Work The hotel itself is brand new and very attractive looking inside. The service we found to be quite lacking. Upon check-in our room had been cleaned but was still dirty (hair all over bathroom, dirty sheets, etc..) Had to change rooms.Rooms were OK, kind of small. Bathrooms were tiny compared to other Westin's I have stayed at.Location is convenient for convention center but we were not there for a convention so we found it far away from everything. Boston is a mess right now with all of the construction issues from the Big Dig.Overall I would stay away from this hotel until the management realizes they have a service problem and either hires more people or hires the right people.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	2	1	3	2	2	

<Author>sfg5521
<Content>Loved the location because it's remote We spent the weekend there with our family it's great because it's away from all the touristy crowds but a short walk to the waterfront and a only a two minute walk to the T(Boston's subway). The pool was great for the kids. The Boston Children's Museum is close by and if you want to bring your kids to Boston I think this is the perfect location because it's not stuck in the crowds but short walks to everything. If you have a convention and want or need to bring the family this is the spot!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>GJY
<Content>Good for Convention Center Good:- Easy access to convention center- Nice room- Really nice bed- Starbucks in lobbyBad:- service- continued construction- location - Starbucks in lobby dosen't take Starbucks card- lack of nearby restaurantsSummary:In four or five years when the revitalization of this waterfront area of South Boston is complete, this will be a really good stay. Now there is construction inside and around the hotel. Being a new hotel they are experiencing some growing pains, mainly in quality of thier service. It's not quite ready for prime time, but is a good choice if you are attending the convention center.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	2	4	3	3	4	

<Author>raleigh86
<Content>Not for tourists... We were there on business. Like previous review, this hotel is for conventions, not families and tourists. It is in walking distance to water, and World Trade, but not many restaurants. The subway station is across the street. Everyone was pleasant, the hotel nice, but not 5 star nice. Because it is not geared to families, I found the lobby quite cold and impersonal.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sailguy
<Content>nice stay but location is poor for tourists My overall rating reflects the property and NOT its location. My wife and I just got back after a 3-night stay there so while she attended a conference I enjoyed the hotel. From what we were told, they have only been open 3 mos. so the kinks are still being worked out. Biggest drawback, as other reviews have mentioned, is that this hotel is NOT located for tourists but rather conventions and business as the convention center is adjacent. You will have to either take cabs or public transportation to see any of downtown Boston which was disappointing. As for the cabs, the hotel is situated in such a way that it's in off the main street which makes hailing cabs a problem other than at peak times. We stood and waited for 15 minutes which proved annoying. The other challenge is food. While the hotel has its own restaurant you often need something fast and there is nothing but the gift shop's candy rack, overpriced room service or the lobby's Starbucks. I mentioned this upon leaving and was told the current unoccupied retail space might get a restaurant. Hint: if you exit out the back of the hotel there is a new deli across and down the street in the lobby of one of the new buildings there. It just opened and was really good. Heated indoor pool, hot tub and exercise room were all great as was nice sized flat screen in our room. You are also a 10 minute cab ride from Logan so that makes departures/arrivals easy as well. All in all, for business highly recommended. For sightseers, families, etc. pick an in-town property or learn to take cabs/public transportation.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Irishprincess2
<Content>not for a special occasion Just returned after 2 nights for our 35th wedding anniversary. We are Starwood Owners and we were assured of an upgrade. When we arrived we were told we were on the 6th floor so we asked and were granted the upgrade to the Starwood floor (shouldn't have had to ask). Called 3 times to ask for a 2nd robe which was only brought up when we said we had to leave for dinner reservations . It was brought up by a giggling man who handed it to me only to discover no belt. Real funny. My sister and her husband sent us a bottle of very good champagne which was deliverd by a girl who stated she forgot the glasses and would be right back , never saw her, called down 2 more times for the glasses, no one came. They also sent a beautiful bouquet of flowers that never got sent to the room and when she called to inquire, they were sitting on the concierge desk the whole time. I hope they were enjoying them. Then upon checkout, we were charged an $85 a day charge,(we used our points to stay) and they also charged us for the champagne my sister had already paid for. I will say the young man at the front desk was very nice and adjusted the charges. I found the room small and dark. The bathrooms had very little ammenities. I didn't find any of the staff very friendly at all. They could have cared less that we were celebrating a big anniversary. Have always loved the Westin, but do not love this one and would never stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	2	1	2	

<Author>MB747
<Content>Not great First the good points: attractive, modern design and a smiling staff that is eager to help.Bad points:Location. in an industrial no-man's land several blocks from the waterfront. Ok if you are going to the convention center (it's right next door) and tolerable if you have business in the financial district. Otherwise there are many hotels in Boston with much better locations.Lighting. At night the lighting in the large lobby is so bright it feels like a bus terminal. Absolutely no charm or cosiness at all. We were told it needed to be that bright for the escalators. Bright lighting also spills from the lobby into the restaurant and gives it the feel of a high school cafeteria.Service. Staff members smile and are eager to please (see above) but service is often painfully slow and without a drop of finesse. At the prices being charged ($12 for a gin and tonic, $29 for an entree-- and vegetables are an extra charge) we expected more.If you can get a good rate and are going to a convention this hotel is fine. All others should look elsewhere.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DWSUK
<Content>A mixed experience Room was modern and comfortable. The view from our room (at the rear of the hotel) was out to sea, but only across rooftops, a carpark and a container yard. Bathroom water was not hot enough. Restaurant is gloomy and enclosed - surprisingly fails to take advantage of the hotel's outlook. Excellent help from concierge. But room service was eccentric. When we ordered champagne for a celebration, it arrived with no ice and the waiter asked if we would open it because he didn't know how.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nyc718
<Content>One of the Best One of the Best hotel stays ever. You call valet to bring your car out front by the time you get downstairs car is waiting and staff opens your doors. Staff is friendly and helpful. I had to take a Taxi the concierge called the taxi left the desk to walk me outside sat me in a cab and dirceted the driver. Pool is small yet warm. Extremely comfortable beds and very clean. Nice size bathroom, view is nice if you request a good view. It was close ( by car) to everything to Cambridge to Chinatown , Newberry st. , Theatre District, Downtown, Financial District and Govt. Center. Great stay. will do business again.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Edistotiger
<Content>OK Stay I stayed here for 3 nights last week for a conference. The hotel itself is very clean and modern in decor. The staff overall was very friendly. The room was comfortable. The exercise room was great but hard to find; it took quite a bit of exploring on my part to find it. The single restaurant in the hotel is very overpriced and not worth the money. The small gift shop is also very overpriced, as is the bar. Make sure you don't open the bottles of water in the room; you will be charged $5 per bottle. The location of the hotel is only good for those attending conferences in the hotel itself or the convention center next door. It is not within walking distance of anything (other than a couple of restaurants); the T stop is about 3/4 of a block away (not across the street as advertised).  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	1	4	4	4	3	

<Author>leafpeeper98
<Content>Not so Waterfront Westin       isolated  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>SLM941
<Content>Expensive for what you get I just stayed for a small convention and the hotel is modern and pretty. Staff is friendly and helpful. As others commented, though, it is in the middle of no-man's-land near the wharves. Not a very comfortable atmosphere at night and the hotel restaurant is expensive for what you get. If you eat there, make a meal of appetizers and a side dish. Better yet, there's a small deli in an office building across from the hotel on Fargo St that serves breakfast  lunch (ask any of the staff). That said, the bar prices are typically outrageous for a convention center hotel. Westin also had the annoying little trick of charging 75 cents a day to toss a US Today at your door...unless you return it to the desk. Local calls are $1.50 a pop. That kind of nickel-and-diming is cheap  not what I expected from a chain of their repute, but I can change my opinion now.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	1	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>partyof5
<Content>Will be nice, when fully opened My husband and I spent one night at this hotel in August. As previously noted the Starbucks onsite was not yet open, in room coffee was okay though (also Starbucks). While we were there a problem seemed to arise with the fire alarm system resulting in it going off several times during our one night stay...a nuisance to be awakened by flashing lights to discover (after the adrenaline is pulsing) that it is a false alarm. The hotel itself is clean (brand new) but not fully finished in lobby/atrium area. The one restaurant was pricey and limited, the lobby bar was very busy when we were there, and also pricey ( $14 for a decent glass of Cabernet) The pool and fitness area looked nice, though we did not use it. I also agree that the Heavenly bed was very comfortable, the Heavenly bath, nothing special...We got a deeply discounted rate because of a promotion and wonder if that discount accounted for our view of the construction going on on the street below when the hotel was no where near capacity. To see the sites we walked to the waterfront and down to the city center (a long but enjoyable walk). Overall I would say that this Westin is not a bad place to stay but had we been paying regular rack rates for this hotel there are many other places in the city that are better and offer more amenities. Maybe things will get better when the entire facility is functional. Parking is a bit much as previously noted, there are many lots in general vicinity that are one-third the cost. The garage is open to both guests and general public...no discount for being a paying guest at the hotel...I think the Westin could afford to discount the price slightly for guests paying $250-$300 a nite for the room...  
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	2	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>sds
<Content>This new hotel was a bargain for the price! We were impressed! While a bit out of the mainstream of the City of Boston, we found this hotel to be quite a bargain, for the price (we got it through a promotion on the Internet, due to its recent opening in June).The trademarked Heavenly bed was just as it sounds. The Heavenly bath was nothing special, but was well lit, and the shower was nice. The rest of the 330 sq ft room was fine; it had nice city views (you can opt for waterfront views).The staff was pleasant. We were very grateful that they were able to accommodate early check in for us.Starbucks was not open as of 8/13/06, however, I heard it was to have opened 8/14/06. We had to walk a mile or so for coffee, but the area is not congested, and we actually enjoyed the morning stroll.The lobby is new and clean as are the hallways and indoor pool area. The fitness center looked to be more than adequate, though we didn't use it on this trip.Overall, I really liked the hotel. It is a bit far from mainstream Boston; keep that in mind. Also, parking was $27/day for self park and $36 for valet, though with valet you could come and go all day for same price. I was disappointed in the parking prices, but that is the only thing I can really complain about.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>madonnas
<Content>Loved the Westin Boston Waterfront From the moment we checked in we were treated as if we were the most important people in the world - from the doormen to the front desk crew to the porter who took excellent care of us. The Hotel is brand new (5 weeks old), and extremely clean. We would stay in this hotel again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JohnnyMorris
<Content>Great Luxury Hotel My wife and I stayed at this hotel the end of July for a night before taking a flight out of Logan Airport. (with the tunnel closed, the 3 mile trip did take almost an hour as we were detoured through the city)The hotel was wonderful, service great and the room was perfect. We stayed in a room overlooking the city of Boston, a great view from the 8th floor.Check in was a breeze and the counter guys were friendly and helpful. I can't say enough about them.We were only there for a night but I have zero complaints.Great luxury place. I found a good deal on the Westin website.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Markus47
<Content>High Maintenance Startup Hotel If you're reading this review 6 months or more after it was written, then I will give the Westin Waterfront the benefit of the doubt - some of the problems we had may have simply been related to it being brand new (5 weeks old) when a bunch of us from (multi-billion dollar company name omitted).Why stay at the Westin Waterfont? It's a beautiful hotel connected directly to the Convention Center. It has a nice pool and fitness center, unusual by Boston standards. The staff is friendly?Why not stay at the WW? Very few people there seem to know what's going on. The list of grievances in our group was long, and we're not a tough crowd. It was everything from simply not following through on requests (asking for a crib 3x), to the prices ($50 for a freezing cold turkey sandwich, a plate of 3 jumbo shrimp, and a bottle of water that took over an hour to arrive). The business center struggled to do basic stuff like, you know, make 60 copies (at 25 cents each). The capper was that the valets actually wrecked the rental car of one of our guys - and I'm not talking a little dent, they really mashed it.Starting a new hotel has to be tough. Having said that, it seems like this hotel hasn't yet put the people in place to make this place work. I was there when the hotel was full, and they frankly did not know how to handle it.My family arrived and we moved to the Onyx - it's like a night and day improvement: central location in a mixed urban setting (instead of a part of town still under construction), CNN instead of bloody Fox News everywhere (personal gripe, I admit), more personable  hip, and not so high maintenance FOR THE GUESTS!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>reviewsbv
<Content>Poor service   showReview(5537941, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>sanfran415
<Content>Shameful for a Westin Hotel   showReview(5533518, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MichelleNewYork
<Content>Westin Waterfront Just "OK"   showReview(5533517, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>pbeach
<Content>The worst Ever!   showReview(5529726, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UmmLila
<Content>Great hotel, but far from the action   showReview(5526076, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>va_turtle
<Content>A very nice hotel            
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>ParVijay
<Content>Lots of Kinks to Iron Out   showReview(5432918, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>PHILYEOH
<Content>Best place to stay for convention   showReview(5417748, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>eileen8
<Content>Very nice stay   showReview(5397731, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TrickyBoy
<Content>Brand new   showReview(5392470, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Service nicht dem Hotel entsprechend   showReview(18531524, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s pratique pour les conventions, moins pour le tourisme   showReview(17439099, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>wenn wieder Boston, dann Westin!   showReview(15572302, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>wir w眉rden wieder dieses Hotel w盲hlen!!   showReview(13983442, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon hotel   showReview(11301561, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>buon hotel in buona posizione   showReview(11301560, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Confortevole   showReview(11659608, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Je retournerai 茅ventuellement dans cet hotel pour la vue dans une chambre au dernier 茅tage   showReview(11401893, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

