<Author>CasaSulo
<Content>Staff were fantastic We arrived as a mature couple for a three day break and the staff were friendly, polite and spoke excelent English. Having said that the hotel rooms did not come up to 4* more like a 3*. The first room we were offered was a twin with good view - but a twin. The second was a double with about 45cm (18) either side of the bed! We settled on the third room, D/ble, view of the busy street below and Juliet balcony. The room was comfortable, the bed suited us but it was on the hard side. There were no tea/coffee making facilities but we have experience of Spanish / continental hotels so we take our own travel kettle etc. with us. We did find the system about the sun roof terrace rather bizarre; there was no bar and the reception had to organise drinks etc for you and there is a large notice stating - Only food and drinks purchased from the hotel can be consumed - The breakfast was of a simplistic continental style with plenty of choice for all but rather expensive as an extra to the daily rate but convenient. The hotel is very close - 3/5 mins. walk of The Ramblas, Placa de Catallunya, cafes and shopping. We would reccomend the tourist tour bus 鈧?0 each but it does give a headset commentary and saves hours map reading. There is an internet in the hotel but we found a local internet cafe for a couple of Euros for one hour spread over our three day visit. On departure our flight had been delayed and the hotel allowed us to vacate the room and store our luggage in a safe holding room. Barcelona is very expensive and watch out for pick-pockets but we would recommend everybody visit it for the experience. We took the airport bus for 鈧?.50 caught at the airport but get off at Placa Universitat for Hotel Inglaterra BUT you have to catch the return journey at Placa Catalunya which worked out great and very efficient.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	5	4	2	

<Author>Scottishlass61
<Content>Would recommend the Hotel Inglaterra Have just returned from a Mum's Weekend away to Barcelona. 7 of us stayed at the Hotel Inglaterra and I would thoroughly recommend it for a weekend stay. The rooms were clean and large and the ensuite bathrooms were good. Although there were no safes in the rooms we were able (at no extra cost) to use a safety deposit box located down in Reception. It is worth noting that there were no tea or coffee making facilities in the rooms but this seems to be quite normal in Spain. The dining room in the basement was very nice and we had a good breakfast in the hotel every day. Most of the reception staff were very pleasant and helpful and I think there was only one receptionist who gave us wrong information and was not particularly friendly. The weather was lovely and we managed to sit up on the terrace for a while one afternoon with a large jug of sangria! The hotel is situated perfectly at the top of the Ramblas and was very close to both metro stations and tourist bus stops.There was nothing flash about the hotel but it had everything that we needed, and had extremely comfortable beds. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Molly067
<Content>A very good trip! I have just returned from a 5 night city break with my daugther. The hotel was in an excellent location right in the city centre and within easy walking distance from Las Ramblas and Placa de Catalunya where the aiport bus drops you off and picks you up from. This was definately an added bonus as it was just a short walk away to the hotel, also a very reasonable price of just 4鈧?5 each way. The hotel was very clean and staff were very helpful and friendly. We were very lucky to have our room upgraded so we had a large room and was modernly furnished. As mentioned in previous reviews it is cheaper to pre book your breakfast the night before as this cost 12 euros instead of 14 on the day. There was plenty of choice from the buffet.I would recommend going on the touristic bus as it is an excellent way to see the city, it is better value to get a two day pass as it is only 5鈧?cheaper than the one day pass. If i was to return to barcelona I would definately stay at this hotel again or recommend it to my friends.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	2	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>CLHughes
<Content>A Gem in Barcelona Recently stayed for 2 nights post cruise at this wonderful property. As mentioned in previous reviews, the hotel has a contrast of personalities-old world exterior, sleek , modern interior. We pre-paid for our room, which allowed for a generous discount on a Superior Room. The earlier you book, the lower the rate. We paid 135 Euro per Superior Room per night incl. all taxes and fees. A terrific rate considering the location and accomodations. Our room, 201, was very generous in size, sleek, modern, almost Pottery Barn like. A large door opened to a small balcony overlooking the street below. The bathroom was large and modern, with good shower pressure and hot water. A 24 in.flat screen TV had several English speaking channels including SKY News. The triple glazed windows kept out the noise from the street.The location can't be beat Steps to Las Ramblas, Hop On/Hop Off bus, Placa de Cataluna and metro stops. Hint: If using the HO/HO buses, bring your own comfortable earphones or headsets. The one' s offered on the bus fit improperly.We took advantage of a discounted breakfast offering in the downstairs restaurant. Very good selection of hot and cold offerings, and unlimited espresso, cappuccino, and coffee. At this point on our trip, we paid extra for the convenience of breakfast rather than searching out a better deal.Staff, for the most part were very helpful and courteous. The Manager even came out to give me all the latest suggestions on new dining venues.All in all, a GREAT stay. We definitely will be back, and will tell as many as possible about this wonderful Barcelona gem.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>overmyal
<Content>Cool, immaculate with great location We loved this hotel, which is located a very short and interesting walk from the Placa de Catalunya. The front desk personnel were welcoming and gave wonderful recommendations for neighborhood restaurants and touring options. The neighborhood is near a university and we always felt safe even when out in the early morning. The architecture of many nearby buildings is Modernista and gorgeous. We will definitely re-book on our next trip to Barcelona.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>staffie2001uk
<Content>Lovelly hotel in a great location The hotel has a traditional look on the outside, but is very modern inside. Our room was on the front with a little balcony overlooking the street that ran down to Playa de Catalunya and Las Ramblas. Spacious bathroom with a good shower, over the bath, complemented the wood floored bedroom. Air-con worked well and quietly. Digital LCD TV with a couple of English news channels. They had a two for one deal on breakfast while we were there so it was 鈧? per person for the all you could eat buffet. Well worth it with a good selection of cooked and continental items.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>snowfanAustralia
<Content>Very good Excellent Hotel located at the center of Barcelona. It had a metro station very close to it. Very clean, very modern. The staff was friendly with the exception of one or two. It was a bit expensive considering it didn't have swimming pool or spa.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	2	5	

<Author>mini9
<Content>city break This hotel is in an excellent location, only a 2 minute walk to the rambles which is the main tourist area. It was clean and modern and the safe were very helpful.We got a good deal on lastminute.com, it was a room only basis but there is lots of places around that does cheap breakfast.The only bad thing I would say is that the room was a bit small and there are no safes in the room, but we could all cope with that.Highly recommeded.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rebecz456
<Content>loved it! Just got back from a 4 night stay at the Hotel Inglaterra and we had a fantastic time!The blue airport bus (A1) from the airport to the placa catalunya is definitely the best way to get there and its just a short walk up to the hotel from there (make sure you have the street name handy - and check the lamp post maps for which street to walk up!). When we arrived to check in the reception staff were really friendly and spoke a good standard of English we were checked in within a few minutes and in our room which was perfect we only went with the very basic cheapest one and thought it would be very small but there was plenty fo space for us and our two suitcases. The air conditioning was a god send and the bathroom was by no means small and very clean. The location of the hotel is fantastic for wherever you wish to visit. (For a fantastic pint of guiness check out scobies which is just round the corner). The terrace was lovely although the bar is actually on the basement floor but there is a phone up there to order drinks and snacks and the staff bring them up to you - also the prices for a hotel is more than reasonable.Overall it was a brilliant stay and a fabulous hotel and we would definitely stay there again! (although the hotel across the road had a pool on the roof that looked very inviting lol but you cant have everything)  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jetset-wannabe
<Content>Great location, highly recomend it!! I'll admit i was unsure when my girlfriend suggested this hotel, I wanted to spend more on a 'better' hotel......How wrong I was.Hotel Inglaterra was everything we needed and more.We arrived 2 hours prior to check-in and were found a room straight away, the room was a decent size with good wardrobe space, decent sized bathroom and a fully stocked mini bar (which we didi not use but it was a reasnable price)The location is one of the best with the Ramblas only a min away and a lovely short walk down to the water front. Loads of places to eat and far too many to mention however about half way down the ramblas on the left is a courtyard with resturants lining its out side, I would recomend this area it was busy yet once at your table you can sit and watch the street performers and the word go by.My 2 top tips for any stay at hotel Inglaterra are,Have a lazy day on the roof terrace, its a lovely place and you can order room service to the roof - Potatoe Bravas and 2 beers only 11 euros which is reasonable.The second is to sight see via the bus touristic, it's 26E for 2 days and opperates on a hop on hop off basis. It is opened top and includes headphones for your own guided tour (very touristy-looking but a great way too explore at 1 fixed cost) the bus departs fron the square at top of the Ramblas but if you catct it opp the hotle on the corner you will beat the massive que at the square and are nearly certen a top deck seat. The tour vists all majior attractions including gaudi works, port olympic, nou camp and loads more - its a must if you have the time.Go for this hotel and you will be happy - just remember pick pockets are everywhere, DON'T LET THIS RUIN YOUR TRIP its a fact of life in Barca - Just be vigilant, and remember if somebody stops you to say you have gum or bird poo on you, this is a scam they WILL try to steal things from you!!!!!But please don't be put off Barca is a great place to visit, this was my second trip in 5 months and I would still go back this year if i could!Happy hol's  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Scottraveller6
<Content>Brilliant Hotel,great location My boyfriend and i stayed in here in july 08 for three days, we were more than pleasantly surprised when we arrived at the hotel. The building is an old elegant building with a lot of original character but with modern furnishings. Reception staff were very helpful and gave us maps and other useful information on tours and attractions. We wern't disappointed with the rooms either, dark wooden flooring, neutral decor, modern furnishings. The room was lovely, and very clean, beds were comfortable. We were lucky to have a room over the main street with french opening doors and a small balcony. Bathroom was nice with a good shower.Location was a big plus just a five min walk to las rambas and many places to eat and drink. Central location to all major sights and designer shopping!! Hotel is a 2min walk to le courte englais which is a large department store, which outside you can get the airport bus to the airport for 4.10 euros which takes about 35 mins, the buses come every 5mins.I would recommend this hotel, it was fantastic.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>abdulmajidashraf
<Content>Not bad at all by any means!!       View from balcony  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>kenmaestro
<Content>excellent property, perfect location I wonder whether some of the reviewers have actually stayed in this property but it really was a 'find'. The hotel has a great location on Pelai, just 100 mtrs from the airport bus stop (Placa Universitat - last stop before Catalunya). It is one of several 'boutique' size properties on this street that have been refurbished with varying standards of success. The Inglaterra has been done VERY well. I had asked for a quiet room and was a little concerned to be given a room on the 1st floor on the front. I had no need to be as the new triple glazing (or maybe gas filled double glazing) excluded all but the rare distant sound of a horn. The air-con was good - not too severe - and the general comfort level and stylish decor of the room excellent. Breakfast (included) is served in the lower ground floor breakfast room with an ample basic continental breafast to start the day. The roof terrace was a delight. It was a great place to go and hang out and the hotel were most accommodating in providing a good size ice bucket and glasses in order to enjoy a glass of wine in the late afternoon. The location is perfect - you are 5 minutes walk from Catalunya, Gracia and the top of the Ramblas and yet in a slightly less frantic setting than being mid-Ramblas. The Museum of Contemporary Art (MACBA) is 5 minutes walk and the entire area of El Raval is wonderful to explore with great street markets are 'real' life. I stayed at the hotel with a group of friends and so we had six rooms of varying shapes and sizes but all were excellent quality and ideal for a stay in the city. If you are looking for large motel size rooms this isn't the place for you (but why would you be!). I would certainly stay again and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to friends and TA members.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Fiohna
<Content>Convenient hotel and good value Stayed her with my mum and sister and we had a good comfy triple room with plenty of room for 3 which was nice. Food at breakfast was ok but not fantastic. Reception staff very friendly and helpful 24/7. Hotel is easy walking to buses or just onto Las Ramblas for the shops and street entertainment.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>InterestedDublin
<Content>Perfect Location My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Inglaterra from 7th to 11th of May and we thoroughly enjoyed it. The hotel is in a perfect location for exploring Barcelona. The airport bus costs 鈧? and leaves you at the Placa Catalunya which is just a stonesthrow from the hotel. Our room was on the first floor at the front of the hotel and although a little on the small side it was modern and clean, it had a very nice bathroom and the bed was very comfortable. There was some traffic noise but we managed to sleep well. We returned on two of the four days at 5pm to find our room hadn't been cleaned, we were told that we should have hung the please clean the room sign on the door so it might be an idea to do so if you are going to stay there. Breakfast is not included and costs 鈧?0 if pre-booked at reception or 鈧?4 if you arrive last minute. There is a wide choice for breakfast and it is well worth 鈧?0 but we also paid a visit to the local market just off Las Ramblas where we bought fresh fruit and juice and we ate our breakfast in the sunshine. I highly recommend Hotel Inglaterra and hope to return very soon to see more of Barcelona.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>petlab
<Content>Nice Hotel My wife and I stayed here for six nights while visiting our daughter who is attending the University for the Spring. Great location near the school and near her apartment. Our room was on the fourth floor and facing the side street. It was rather loud at night but earplugs helped. The AC was not working, only warm air blew out. We kept our window open most of the night which did not help the noise. The room was small but the shower was large. The staff was very helpful and nice. We did not eat at the hotel but found a place down the street where we got coffee and danish for $1.50 EUR. Metro was accross the street and very easy to reach.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>joolee501
<Content>clean and great location my husband and i stayed here last may and had a good experience. Although the room is very cozy and had two twin beds, we were able to look past that. the clean room, renovated bathrooms were great. the people at the front desk were also very friendly and nice. the only downfall was the gap below the door and the floor, so when people walked by you can hear them very clearly, so we just put a towel in front of it and that seemed to do the trick. The location of the hotel was also very convenient. down the street from placa de catalunya.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Purn
<Content>Hotel Inglaterra: Perfect Access Point The best feature of this hotel is its location. The aerobus from the airport stops at the 鈥淯niversitat鈥?which is just 2 minutes walk from the hotel. You have to walk to the Pla莽a de Catalunya to catch the return bus, but this is just about 5 minutes away. A single bus ticket is from the airport is less than 鈧? and would recommend this as a convenient way of getting into Barcelona.Furthermore, the hotel is perfectly situated to access the tourist attractions North, South East and West of it. We walked to most of these districts and it is minutes from the hive of activity - Las Ramblas. Don鈥檛 be fooled however, although on the map Parc Guell and Montju茂c appear to be close proximity they are up a very steep incline. As one of our restaurant waitresses warned us -with her one English word- we would be 鈥渃razy鈥?to walk there. However these sites were easily accessible on the Metro.As we were staying for six nights we booked a deluxe room with a private patio. The room itself turned out to be disappointingly small, and it would have been perfect to have some form of focal lighting so that we could sit outside after dark.We booked our room through the hotel website. Be warned that it does not include the 7% tax, nor does it include the 鈧?/person that they charge for breakfast. The website also says that you can get free access to the pool and roof top terrace at its sister Hotel Majestic. Unfortunately it was undergoing renovation and would not be open until May 2008.The hotel receptionists were very helpful, fluent in English and gave good recommendations for restaurants etc.The hotel is clean, modern and provides you with an ample breakfast to start the day to see beautiful Barcelona.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>mcon60
<Content>Great base Stayed here from 6th to 9th February and found it to be an excellent base from which to explore the area.The accommodation was in a room with twin beds, TV, minibar, desk and a large spacious and spotless marble tiled en-suite. The beds and towels were changed daily. The room was not very large but adequate enough for a short stay. A longer stay would warrant asking for a larger room. Storage space was limited, a chest of drawers would have addressed the shortfall.The hotel is just two minutes from the Placa Catalunya which is at the top of the Rambla. There are great shops between the hotel and the Placa and El Corte Ingles store is in the square. We only ate in the hotel once as we found a great restaurant on the left of the Rambla, near the hotel, called Attic. This had great food and evener better prices. We ate breakfast in two places, Viena, a cafe next door to the hotel (freshly squeezed orange juice, croissants and coffee), this cost 9.50 euro for two of us. We also had the same in Cafe Zurich on the Placa and it was 12.50 euro there but we did not mind as the cafe is steeped in history, worth a visit. To see the city and outskirts the best way is the hop on, hop off bus which leaves Placa Catalunya very regularly. There are two routes, the North and South and these join up for ease of transfer. We were a bit anxious, having read previous reviews that the staff might not be welcoming but we did not have that experience, quite the reverse, in fact. I fell on the afternoon before leaving and broke my wrist and sprained my foot. The staff were great getting me ice and ice packs plus sympathy and advice re contacting medical assistance, if wished. I could not fault them and found them very warm and welcoming.TIP - if ordering a taxi do it from reception, the receptionist will have the taxi driver call into the lobby and she confirms his booking, this way you are secure in the knowledge that you have got a proper taxi. I would recommend this hotel to couples, older people, smaller families, business visitors and single persons. As it is a quiet select type hotel it might not appeal to younger groups. It is very quiet and peaceful there. I cannot wait to return.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>style_uncompromised
<Content>Top location and service but questionable deluxe rooms Dear reader,Here is my fresh experience of a 1-week stay at the Hotel Inglaterra in Barcelona, for you to consider if you wish. I chose this hotel for a holiday with my girlfriend, after having read promising reviews on this and other websites. We had a deluxe room with a terrace / patio and here is my experience of it.Strengths first. The hotel is very convenient to reach via bus (EUR 3.5) from the BCN airport to the Placa Universitat only 100 m away. The hotel service was impeccable, with very helpful and friendly staff. Breakfast buffet was affordable and of resonable quality at EUR 8 per person. Positives also include a clean hotel with nice decor and a superb location for easy access to the main tourist attractions. The room was reasonably clean (not under the bed !) and boasted a well-filled minibar and a modern SONY LCD TV. The patio was good to ventilate the smoke out of our clothes after restaurant visits.However. Deluxe rooms cost extra and I regret to write that our deluxe room with a terrace / patio was a minor disappointment. It was located on the ground floor, without any sunshine on the patio, and the room was nowhere near the 30 sqm as indicated on the hotel website. Around the double bed was only a 1m margin of free space. The bath was ca 3 sqm. The room also surprised us several times with a recurrent and quite unpleasant cloak-like odor. We even had problems with some loud and drunk neighbours who shouted for long in our corridor at 3.30 am. Had to call the reception to get those people quiet.Value for money ? Not for a deluxe room I would say. Take an ordinary room instead and save your money for something better. Or, alternatively, go all the way and book a suite. The hotel is a good one but somewhat misleading on the marketing side. Examples include the misleading room size, web pictures of the exterior looking way more grandiose and visible that reality (just a bit silly), and the promise that we could use the pool facility of their sister (luxury) hotel Majestic. It turned out to be closed for renovation. Again, silly, as it only takes a minute or two for them to adjust the hotel web to inform all customers about that.Some say the devil is in the detail. But there is space for improvement for the Inglaterra. This is only partly reflected in the hotel price. Beware of this and feel confident in booking another room type for a hopefully pleasant stay in Barcelona.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	5	5	5	

<Author>ugm1ejo
<Content>Lovely Modern Hotel in Excellent Location I stayed in the hotel for 5 nights in November 2006. I booked it based on reviews I'd read on trip advisor and I wasn't dissappointed.The Inglaterra Hotel is situated within easy walking distance of Las Ramblas, and just far enough away to be out of all the noise and hussle and bussle. It's entrance and lobby are nothing to write home about but are modern, bright and the reception staff helpful. We stayed in a standard double room. The room itself was spotlessly clean and modern. The bathroom was large and well equipped. The bathrooms have wonderful power showers - the only slight downside is that this tended to flood the bathroom floor. Breakfast was served in a basement room which again was modern, clean and well staffed. Selection of breaskfast was vast and I imagine most people would be able to find somehting they liked.Overall I found this hotel to be perfect in terms of both location and standard. Its not luxurious, nor traditionally spanish so if that is what you're looking for I suggest you go elsewhere. For what we wanted it was perfect.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>cflorin
<Content>Very convenient hotel during 3G world Congress I stayed there during the 3G world Congress the week of 11 February when 55,000 visitors plus Valentine's day tourist invade Barcelona. It was a perfect location less than 10 min. from the fair by metro just right the corner. And also walking distance to the art museum, Las Ramblas and some of the other sightseeing spots. It lacks the prestige of some of the nicest 5* hotels I stayed at in Barcolona or some of the boutique hotels that are famous in Barcelona but overbooked and overpriced suring the fairs. The hotel is clean practical and efficient. I took a superior room and did not feel downgraded from my previous stays at above categories. And the staff gave me good recommendation for last minute shopping or dinner. It's quite possible I will be back, although I missed a gym.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Flab
<Content>Great Stay As a business traveler I travel a lot and have seen many Hotels around Europe and the States but I must add that this Hotel was one of the better ones I have been to. The staff was very welcoming at my arrival and very helpful with giving me indications and recomendations for restauarant which were close to the Hotel, upon check-in they also gave me the access code for the Wireless as I had contracted the Business Package at their website which included Breakfast, Wireless access for the whole stay and a free Ironing for one shirt one day.The internet access was speedy and reliable as I needed it for work it was very important for me that is was reliable and fast. The breakfast was nice too and the lady was replenishing everything and cleaning the tables.The room was large enough for one person and was spotlessly clean everyday, I really recommend this Hotel if you are business traveler or coming for a sightseeing trip, a shame i hadn锟絫 much time for sightseeing but I锟絤 planning to visit Barcelona with my wife and kids as soon as i got my next holiday.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Johnnynose
<Content>False advertising... Just came back from Barcelona, were we stayed at the hotel Inglaterra, part of the group of hotel Majestic. (Advertised as the sister hotel...blah! blah!)First they did not honor the package that I had booked online, telling me that I did something wrong when I booked! Second, they gave me a different room than the one requested, under pretext that we had a better view (first floor on the very, very noisy Pelai street!) Of course once I asked to change, I was told that the hotel was booked. The breakfast/bar/salon room was in a basement and totally uninviting...all this of course for the modest amount of 240 euros per night ($350!). The room was very small (even by european standard, while the bathroom was uselessly gigantic...but without heat, as we had to leave the bedroom door opened at night!).The location is fine as you are in walking distance for mostly everything, but really not worth the price. Across the street was the Hotel Jazz which semed much better.But don't hesitate to visit Barcelona...it's one of the best city in europe.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	2	1	

<Author>IndieTravelGurl
<Content>Nice and Centrallly located The Hotel Inglaterra delivered as promised. The staff was welcoming and spoke good English. The cleaning staff did a very good job every day. The rooms were spotless and very modern. The bathroom was large and had a very nice shower, and there were two generously sized bath towels that were twice the size of normal towels. In the deep bath tub, I took a bubble bath every day.My only complaint would be that the bed was rather uncomfortable. We asked for a double room and ended up with two single beds pushed together, not good for a romantic trip, not good for cuddling!The hotel has a great location. It is really close to Las Ramblas, Barri Gotic, Raval, without actually being IN any of those districts and their subsequent noise. It is also walking distance to the Passeig De Gracia. It is near the metro stop Universitat and Plaza Catalunya, so you could easily go to outlying areas.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Poohbear40
<Content>Great Hotel...Staff not so great. This hotel was very clean and was in a wonderful location. The bathroom was very good sized and the shower was wonderful. The little restaurant was only mediocre....breakfast was only fair and the pizza we had one night was the worst ever...totally tasteless and pale...think it had been microwaved. The front desk staff were anything but welcoming and warm. This was too bad as the rooms were quite nice. I would think twice about staying there again.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	2	4	

<Author>simplybe
<Content>Good hotel - good position We liked this hotel - it is not far from La Rambla and is just across the road from the Metro - Universitat stop. Rooms were clean and comfortable and breakfast was good with plenty of choice. Our Classic room was a bit small and you might consider upgrading to a larger room if you are staying for very long. Staff were friendly and helpful - free safe in lock up behind the reception desk which is very useful as you need to make sure that you do not take anything of much value with you as there are many pick-pockets around. I had my bag opened by a pick pocket within 5 minutes of arriving at the bus station - it was only luck that she did not get anything out of my bag - Having said that Barcelona is wonderful - don't let it spoil your stay but be careful!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelwiseIllinois
<Content>Totally happy Booked this hotel and so glad I did. Clean clean clean and with all the conveniences I would expect from a hotel in the states. Our room was ready on time, and the front desk staff very nice. Some nicer then others but overall very pleasant to deal with.They never messed up our wake up call, and had a cab ready at 4:15 a.m as requested. Lots of street noise but the noise proof windows took care of that! I would recommend it if you want to be off the La Rambla area, but right next to it.We did not take the breakfast, there are hundreds of places , one right next door at the D'Or, where you can eat for about $7.00 for a full breakfast. The buffet lines at hotel were long,...from what I could see.My only regret is location of hotel. Just a block from LaRambla area, it was conveniently located but next time I would stay in the Eixample area. Much more upscaled, just a nicer area to walk around in, whereas the Larambla area just did not appeal to me. Just my own preferance. Eixample's just a short walk to LaRambla area, if the LaRambla area is important to you. It was my least favorite place to be, but definately worth spending some time at but not necessarily stay near.Would be careful and do it right, read up on what to wear, how to act, ...just be smart and you will be fine. We registered with the state department, made copies (black and white only please) of our passports just in case we lost them, used a money belt, shielded pin numbers at ATM's...just be smart! Cabs are clean and CHEAP to use. Food everywhere is wonderful, not a bad experience once. Bathrooms clean everywhere we went, ...even the smoking in public areas and places not as awful as other European countries I have visited.We felt safe, three American women traveling together. Loved Barcelona.Overall, a very wonderful experience. Have fun, a really great city to visit!!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	-1	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>denverworldtraveler
<Content>Disappointed We were disappointed in this hotel. We found it in Karen Brown's book. The room was small and the bed was uncomfortable. The room also was very stark. It was quiet and the location is very good if you want to be in the middle of the action. My husband got food poisioning and the hotel was very good about getting a doctor to come to our room within 30 minutes. While the price/value for Barcelona was good, I would not stay at the hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>B_HScotland
<Content>Nice Hotel but carpet in room need replacing Would recommend this hotel to anyone going to Barcelona on a short break although there can be a bit of traffic noise at night. Room was fine and air conditioned. Breakfast was excellent at twelve euros but can be booked on arrival for eight euros. Staff are very helpful and courteous. With the Metro a stones throw away and an abundance of taxis, all the tourists attractions and shops are easily accessible.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>Kel1982
<Content>Ideal Location! I have recently returned from the Inglaterra and cannot recommend it enough for exploring Barcelona. This was my first visit to Barcelona and I can definitely say that I will be returning. The city is great; great sights, great beach, great food, everything was great. Especially the weather which was around the 80 degree mark every day. I would definitely recommend that you do the bus tour to get a good idea of where everything is and the Magic Fountains are a must!The Inglaterra is perfectly positioned for exploring Barcelona (although I would add that we stayed for 4 nights and just about managed to see everything). Positioned just off the Ramblas this hotel is very smart. The room we had was very clean and modern with a balcony. I did try various websites but found that the hotel do extremely good deals direct and I found the staff very helpful and all spoke perfect English.We didn't manage to find time to visit the Majestic (the Inglaterra's sister hotel) but we did walk past it and it is situated in the busy shopping area and looked very nice.I would not hesitate to return to the Inglaterra or recommend it to anyone visiting Barcelona.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jammytart2k
<Content>Inglaterra 2007 Fab hotel, booked for 3 nights direct with the property, large bedroom with a huge bathroom, friendly staff and an excellent location right in the centre of Barca. Def. value for money. THE place to stay.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tarwelaan
<Content>Hotel Inglaterra, Carrer Pelai 14 Stayed at (www.hotel-inglettera.com) here from Tuesday September 4 to Friday September 7, 2007.Unbeatable location at the top of Las Ramblas and Placa Catalunya.Very smart and well appointed hotel with superior fittings and a super bedroom. Nice terrace overlooking city.Outstandingly good breakfast and very nice people.Bought a package including breakfast and tickets for the city tour bus - essential in order to use time effectively. Very highly recommended. Middle priced but if your going to 'do' this wonderful city, then remember her by your stay as well as the sights.Apart from Antonio Gaudi, strongly recommend visiting the maritime and roman history museums- marvellous.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gianfi58
<Content>Good but... I spent 4 nights in the hotel at the end of August with my son as gift for his degree.The room (#403) was cute and clean but very small.The wardrobe very little and without drawers to put things; I can hardly put only my small baggage inside to save space in the room.The windows in the room look at the internal courtyard.The safe-box was no present as we expected for the hotel category.The bathroom was quite spacious and clean. The first morning we woke up a bit late (9:30 am) and the buffet was not well refurnished: no croissants, no white bread; the days after we woke up earlier and all was ok.Remind: if you book the breakfast in advance (not included in my fare) you pay for it less, so I did. The front desk was kind and helpful and gave us some useful booklets and map of the city.The location is the strong point of this hotel, near the Rambla, the Universitat Metro station and Placa Catalunya where you can also get the bus to the airport.Enjoy Barcelona.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	3	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>jooseloosie
<Content>snooty Good location but realy just an average hotel for the cost.Very snooty lady working in the breakfast room. Shockingly breakfast waqs not included in the cost of the room..and was an additional 15 Euros each day! Very noisy hotel.It was modern and clean, but not fab. There are better places to stay i am sure.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Janez_erasmus_UB
<Content>A great stay for this family of 3 I鈥檓 Slovenian Erasmus student and I came to Barcelona six months ago. My parents came to visit me from Slovenia and I booked them a room at the Hotel Inglaterra. I booked a triple room in order to be with them those days. I chose this hotel because it鈥檚 close to my university and the place where I live. My parents wanted to be in the centre and because they were in Barcelona many years ago and they love this area.We found Hotel Inglaterra a very nice place to stay. The rate we got included breakfast and we found breakfast buffet to be very nice. Lots of selections. Our room was clean, comfortable and the staff was very pleasant. I speak a good portion of Spanish and a bit of Catalan so I can communicate with the staff. Anyway the staff was multilingual. My parents could communicate in Italian and German with the receptionists. Daniel was fluent in German and Maribel (spoke Italian and French). There was also a French receptionist (whose name I cannot remember) and who spoke Italian as well. In any case all of them were fluent in English.The hotel is right near the Plaza Catalu帽a and there are two metro stations nearby. The Hotel is within walking distance of restaurants, museums and la Rambla. This hotel was fantastic from start to finish and my parents want to stay here again when they visit me in December. This is an amazing hotel located in an amazing city! I love Barcelona!Muchas gracias Hotel Inglaterra!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>danesmith
<Content>Great Hotel in Barcelona- Hotel Inglaterra Our trip to Barcelona was a Best Friends trip without any boyfriends, it was a short and intense stay, for that we choose the Inglaterra Hotel it was recommended by my parents who stayed there last year. We checked in very late (2 am)but that seemed no problem at all, the staff at the hotel was still very helpful at that time and we really enjoyed their kindness and willingness to help us with our doubts and problems. Our first 2 days we spent walking all day visiting everything we could and going out at night, so the third day our feet couldnt go any further so we decided to check out a bit the hotel and sunbath a bit on the roof terrace which as the receptionist said had been recently been refurbished with new plants and everything and it really looked nice although the view wasnt the best but still we felt if we were in a jungle. We decided to have dinner at the terrace with a downing sun, I ordered salmon, my friend a pizza and we shared a salad together with a nice bottle of cava, all in all the food was good, rooms were clean and trendy, staff was awesome and we couldn鈥檛 have enjoyed more our stay at the Hotel Inglaterra!!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MrBaker
<Content>Loved The Inglaterra!!! The Location of the Hotel is excellent.It's in a pleasant area , close by plaza Catalunya and the Ramblas.We checked in very early at 8.30 a.m. and the front desk gived us inmediatly the room,The roof terrace in the top floor with Philippe Stark Designs was a perfect distraction we ordered something to eat  drink cheaper than the streat restaurants!!!The Hotel is new and very confortable, the staff very helpful and friendly. We also liked the buffet breakfast provided in the red caf茅 restaurant.Loved Barcelona, loved the INGLATERRA!!!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cursey56
<Content>Loved the inglaterra hotel Fantastic Hotel!!!The Hotel Inglaterra is perfect located, close to the main square and shopping area. 2 minutes walking to the famous ramblas  Mercat de la boqueria. Excellent room in the top floor with private terrace!!!! Great Breakfast in a very beautiful atmosphere. Staff were very very friendly and helpful. Overall the hotel was clean, modern  stylish. We used the swimming pool of the sister hotel called: hotel Majestic 5 stars 10 minutes walking, Fantastic!!!! We return the next summer!!!!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>motherofteenagetwins
<Content>A little gem in a great location This is a little gem of a 3 star hotel in about as central a position as you could possibly want in Barcelona. Approx 5 minute walk from Las Ramblas. We upgraded rooms and got a lovely room at the back of the hotel with a small courtyard and some complimentary slippers in funky red colour for a change! Admitedly the view outside was uninspiring (a wall!) but on the the plus side we did have the small seating area outside and it was incredibly quiet at night. The hotel is on a very busy road so not sure what the road noise would be like on the front. The roof terrace was nice but we took advantage of the roof terrace of the sister hotel (The Majestic) the views there are spectactular and well worth seeing (unlike the pool which was just a little larger than my bath!). We didn't use the hotel restaurant facilities but chose to explore. Breakfast wise there is a Starbucks just across the road and we found a little restaurant called 'Ra' (near the back of the market) where we indulged in good old toast  marmalade!! The staff at the hotel all spoke English well and were very helpful. We did have a few problems buying the internet access but it was usually sorted out with little fuss.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>TeeReg
<Content>Average hotel Liked: good location, clean, quite, centric, near metro, nice staff.Disliked: expensive (200$) for a really small room, no brouchures in the loby.Tips: skip the expensive breakfast, eat in Viena next door or in Fresc-Co (all-you-can-eat salad/pizza/spagetti for 9 euro).Visit the Lizzaran tapas bar. You can see Dolphines in the Zoo.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>Jeannie07
<Content>Good location, clean modern room I found the hotel conveniently located to allow us to walk most everywhere we went. It is also very close to metro line and the tourist bus departure location. Very clean and modern hotel. Our roomwas small and overlooked the street. The insulated windows kept any noise from the street out. The bathroom was almost as big as the room. Mini fridge in room, nice flat screen TV, and very comfortable bed with nice linens. We were on the Discovery Package so breakfast was included. The breakfast room was very nice but the meal was disappointing. Big selection (so if you like all you can chow buffets you鈥檒l love it) but either the bread or pastries were not top quality or they weren鈥檛 fresh. I don鈥檛 know what the additional charge for the breakfast would have been but I would not have eaten breakfast here every morning if I had to pay extra. The top floor patio was a disappointment. There really isn鈥檛 a view of the city since you鈥檙e not up very high (6th floor) and no outside beverages or food are allowed so a romantic class of wine is out unless you order it from the hotel. We couldn鈥檛 even bring our Starbucks coffee up there. The front desk was helpful and spoke English. The only difficult thing about the hotel was the constant street person that was always present lying on the sidewalk down a door or two outside the hotel. Disabled beggars are the most distressing things about Barcelona. Their seemed to be quite a lot of them. Overall a great place to stay that gives you that 鈥淓uropean鈥?experience.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>angten
<Content>Excellent Hotel The only criticism of this hotel is its inoperative website. We ended up having to call the hotel to make a booking. We upgraded and had a superior room and that made all the difference. It was large and quite comfortable, and very imaginatively furnished. The staff is multi-lingual and very friendly. It is well located in the heart of the commercial and tourist district and one can take the inexpensive bus that runs from the airport and walk about a block and a half to the hotel. We never ate in the hotel so we cannot say anything about the food. They have a solarium on the 6th floor which is lovely in good weather. In light of the cost of hotels in Europe and the strength of the Euro against the dollar, this hotel struck us a reasonably good value, especially since it would be hard to find a better location.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Paul_Thomas_UK
<Content>Superb hotel for exploring Barcelona First time visit to Barcelona with girlfriend to explore this superb and vibrant city.Hotel is easily located and a few minutes walk from the top of Las Ramblas and ideally located to explore this city either on foot or via Metro stations located very near by.Staff were very friendly and helpful and the rooms were clean and modern with LCD TV and welcoming Air Con.Recommended!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Bosco55
<Content>Manager - Appalling Attitude Problem We stayed at Hotel Inglaterra for 3 nights in early June 2007. On our first morning my girlfriend was using the shower, and no sooner had she got her hair full of shampoo, the water supply from the shower totally stopped. We tried for some time to figure out what was wrong but there seemed no good reason for the problem. Hair washing was finished in the small bathroom sink.We reported this to reception, who with some sympathy said they would look into it whilst we were out for the day.On our return we politely raised the issue with a new member of staff, introducing herself as the manager. Without hesitation she began to insist with some aggression, that WE were responsible and that we caused the water to stop by turning on and then off the supply in quick succession. We only turned the water flow lever on and off AFTER the water had totally stopped.The manager then involved the maintenance man, who with an aggressive tone, made similar remarks in spanish (which was translated for us) - We all went to the room - the maintenance man walked into our shower wearing his dirty work boots and became irate with us. Their explanation for the problem then changed - they now said the shower hose had kinked and this was the cause. However, we did not adjust the shower once and neither did we notice any kinks in the shower hose that caused the water to stop. A serious kink would have been glaringly obvious to us as we examined the shower to see why it was not working.The Manager - Never apologised, took no responsibility for the problem, made aggressive comments, lumped all blame on us, dismissed our every comment, and used the angry words of the maintenance man to back her up. We felt like we had been verbally trampled on and charged 160 Euros (excluding taxes) per night for the pleasure. Would not go back.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>Younger64
<Content>Great Spot, Room a bit small We stayed at the Hotel Inglaterra June 9-12. The hotel is in a great location, near good restaurants, walking distance to Ramblas, Gothic Quarter and Metro.The hotel was fine and suited our needs. We had 'deluxe' room with a queen bed and french doors that opened onto a very small balcony. Some noise from the street, but not enough to keep us up at night if we closed the window and turned on the air conditioning. Hotel staff were freindly and helpful. Room was in OK repair. Three comments: 1. Room was very small, and often two people would be in each other's way during busy times (like when getting ready in the morning). In all fairness, the hotel did offer to upgrade us from the Deluxe room to a suite when we arrived for 35 euros a night, and we declined (since we already thought at 210 euros a night was enought to pay for a hotel).2. As others have written, no full length mirror in the room.3. Bed was not comfortable, both my wife and myself had sore backs after sleeping on the bed, and we typically are not picky when it comes to beds in hotels.We did eat breakfast the first morning at the hotel for 12 Euros each. Breakfast was OK, but we decided to explore the area a bit, so we ate all subsequent meals outside of the hotel. There are hundreds of restaurants within walking distance. We found that in general you get what you pay for (expensive restaurant, better food, cheap restaurant, cheap food).Best restaurant experience was the L' Acadamie and Plaza St. Just in the Gothic Quarter. Hard to find (better have a good map!), not cheap but not too exhorbidant (80 Euros for the two of us), and excellent food and wine.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lulu1980
<Content>A Great Find! I booked the Inglattera as a surprise for my boyfriend's birthday and we loved it. I honestly could not fault it - the excellent location, service, style and comfort ensured we had a wonderful stay. One word of warning - the taxi that the hotel booked for us to take us to the airport completely ripped us off - which was not the best end to a wonderful weekend! None the less, we would definitely return.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>vodkales33
<Content>great little find Great boutique hotel just off Las Ramblas. Very near metro lines so great for travelling around Barcelona to see all the sights.Staff are very helpful in this busy hotel, .Great continental and cooked breakfast available .There is a terraced seating area that would be fab in the Summer, but was not so great in April.The rooms were very simple but clean and had great showers.Although did get rather stuffy at night so check out if there is air conditioning in Summer!Although you are near a busy street there didnt seem to be much traffic noise. Loads of sights to discover and this hotel is well located to visit the harbour, join bus tours, visit Montjuic fountain,.We had a lovely 4 nights there and have recommended this hotel to others and they have enjoyed their stay too .x  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Chris RJ
<Content>Great location My wife and I stayed 21-25th May with 2 friends. Location of hotel great and on arrival we were pleased to receive upgrades which included a small balcony within our room. Unfortunately although my wife and I had a very spacious and large bathroom, there was a distinct 'drain' smell coming from it. We complained and athough it improved slightly, it was still evident on last day. Staff very polite and helpful (useful as I had my wallet stolen and was given helpful advice by hotel staff). Breakfasts were good and we ate there in the evening on one occasion which was OK and reasonably priced. Easy stroll to Ramblas, port area as well as many of Gaudi's notable creations. Overall very pleasant and we would return.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>hubbotrelo
<Content>What a Find! I booked the Inglaterra Hotel as a surprise for my Patner Keith's Birthday and it more than came up to my expectations. The location is fabulous and although on a main road we were completely unaware of the traffic noise during our stay. I booked a classic room which was more than adequate, very well appointed with lots of hanging space and priced very competitively. The Bathroom was spotlessly clean with good quality products to use and a very powerful shower.The staff were all extremely helpful, the morning receptionist (sorry I did not catch her name), recommended a fabulous tapas restaurant nearby called Ciudad Condal - an absolute must to visit - the food was so good that we returned again the following day!The roof top garden is a wonderful bonus, on our arrival we sat in the warm sunshine and drank ice cold cava! what could be better after leaving a cold wet England behind!Thankyou to all the staff at the Inglaterra for a thoroughly enjoyable stay - we will be returning (soon I hope...??!!).  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>74white
<Content>a word of warning for non smokers Last summer, we arrived at Inglaterra, having booked a non smoking room 6 months in advance. They showed us to a room that looked pleasant and had a balcony but stank of smoke so badly that we couldn't stay in it for more than a few minutes, let alone sleep there. The hotel had no other rooms available. They offered to upgrade us to their sister hotel The Majestic, ''8 minutes walk away'', Now you might think we'd struck lucky, BUT it's closer to 20 minutes walk away and the room you get as an upgraded customer, though well furnished, is very dark as it has only a tiny window that looks onto a ventilation shaft. It was supposed to be guaranteed non-smoking but on opening this tiny window I found at least 10 stubbed out cigarettes on the ledge. When I spoke to the manager, Gemma, of the Inglaterra she said that if I booked again, I should email her personally and explain, and she would ensure the same thing didn't happen again. Well, in February this year I booked and sent an email to Gemma AND the reservations desk AND various other email addresses listed on the hotel's website, over a period of weeks and guess what? No reply. I persisted but came to the conclusion that maybe thay don't really have to try any more, so I decided to cancel. At 250 euros per night I expect rather better customer service.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>bhutan02
<Content>Good, convenient choice Inglaterra is just off Las Ramblas in the thick of things. Recently renovated older building. Small room with modern furniture and a tiny balcony overlooking side street; nice, modern bath. Staff was helpful and pleasant. Skip the over-priced breakfast buffet.--Starbucks is just across the street. Small but very enjoyable roof garden for reading or sunning (room service available). A minor complaint: superior (upgraded) room was still pretty small. Over 5 night-stay, most other guests were UK tourists.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>poopin
<Content>Loved the Inglaterra! Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Inglaterra with my husband and all I can say was that we loved it. Prior to departing for Barcelona there was some confusion with our hotel room and after a couple of emails back and forth it was sorted out, so on our arrival we were very delighted to hear that because of the confusion the hotel were upgrading us to the only suite available!!It was a lovely room with extra large king size bed, plasma TV, couch and table plus dressing table and mirror. We also had a private terrace with sun loungers and a table and chairs. Due to the bad weather we did not get to use these facilities but were lovely to look out at all the same!. The bathroom was huge with lovely fluffy towels, slippers and toiletries provided. There also was a hairdryer in the bathroom too. Please note no full mirror anywhere in room, although this is only minor it would be worth providing one even on back of bathroom door or wardrobe door. The hotel staff were very friendly at all times and provided us with a map on arrival, they also answered any questions we had during our stay. The hotel itself was very clean, fresh, modern and comfortable. The location was excellent 2 min walk to main square or to the ramblas. We did not eat at hotel as there are so many options available for a cheaper than hotel were offering. All in all we had a very enjoyable stay at the hotel and would not hesitate to recommend. We will be back!!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hockeysticks
<Content>Perfect location for sightseeing and shopping ... This is a lovely hotel in a great location, right beside the Universitat metro stop and within easy walking of the Ramblas, Rambla de Catalunya, Playa de Catalunya and any number of great shops. The staff were very friendly and helpful upon arrival and gave us maps on which they marked out some lovely places to eat. Our only problem was that I had specifically booked a double bed in our room but we got two singles. I enquired about this and was told that double beds were limited and not guarenteed, in fairness to the recpetion staff by the time we came back from lunch they had re-made the bed as a double (as in double sheets and covers) which was ok. This is a lovely hotel, very clean and in nice sunny weather (which we didn't have sadly) there is a lovely Solarium on the top floor with sun loungers and tables and chairs. Location is definitely its strongest point!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>akabusi
<Content>Average and expensive for what you get We stayed at this hotel for our honeymoon and although the location is really good, we were a bit disappointed with the hotel. As it was a special occasion, we had upgraded to a superior room. I have to say, I expected something more than we got. I even checked at reception that we had been upgraded. Our room was definately standard and was very basic. The bathroom had an old shower over the bath and a fabric shower curtain. The room itself was very small. The balcony we had been promised was a ledge you could just about stand on. There were no tea or coffee making facilities in the room and so each time we wanted a drink, we had to go to the basement restaurant and pay 2euros.The hotel and room were very clean but not special. The hotle staff were pleasant but gave us 2 awful recommendations for local restaurants. In one, I had paella with a crust on the top where it had been overheated in the microwave!The good points to this hotel were definately the cleanliness and its location. It is a 2 minute walk from Playa Catalunya and La Rambla so perfect for evening and access to transport. Definately don't waste your money on a taxi form the airport - the bus drops you off 2 minutes away.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>TravlerNotATourist
<Content>Enjoyed the hotel / Service was just so-so We really enjoyed the Inglaterra. I reserved a Superior room and was hoping for an outside terrace (like the photos on their web site), but did not get this. I was disappointed, but we did have a room with a king-size bed (which is request only), so I did not request a room move. Hotel very trendy, comfortable, great shower and excellent location. One complaint: The staff refused to have any ice delivered to my room when they saw me walk in with 2 sodas that were purchased at a nearby market. They told me that you're not allowed to have beverages in the hotel that you didn't buy here. Surprised they would aggravate someone spending several nights at their hotel like that over ICE!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ex-thompson-rep
<Content>not quite what we expected!! This was our 2nd trip to Barcelona we loved it so much last year we went again this year. First and last time at this hotel though! Arrived on the 4 march for my birthday trip so had booked what i thought was a superior room which looked amazing with table and chairs outside etc. On arrival was shown into what was shown on website as a classic room so felt cheated and that i had paid over the odds, when requested at reception for correct room was told in very brisk manner that they only had 2 of the rooms i requested and basically tough. Room was very noisy as hotel is situated on main road busy all night and frequently smelt of drains. I would not stay here again or recommend to anyone thinking about it there are SO many other hotels in Barcelona which would make your trip more enjoyable, so keep looking! Such a FAB city you want all the elements including the hotel to provide what you pay for. have fun x  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>Phobot
<Content>Great Value Hotel Inglaterra was excellent. Most of all I want to say that it was a great value. I had been staying around the corner at Hotel Royal and was paying more for less. Inglaterra is one of the cheaper hotels in the area but it was very nice. Our room was on the corner so it had two balconies. The decor was simple but stylish. There were laminate wood floors which I enjoyed because in a hotel it seems cleaner than carpet. The bathroom had a bidet and very large fluffy towels. The room had a fridge, a desk and a flat screen tv that looked newish. All in all, simple, modern, clean and cheap.I would avoid the self serve breakfast, it's not worth the 12 euros considering you can walk less than a block and get something tastier and cheaper.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>UkATourist
<Content>Highly Recommended! This hotel was lovely. It seems to be recently refurbished and is extremely clean, britght with modern furnishings. I cannot fault it at all.. The staff were polite and friendly. There was a big buffet breakfast available which I recommend.I strongly recommend this hotel and I give it A*  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mellymarz
<Content>Fantastic Hotel, extremely helpful staff Stayed at this hotel 7th-9th January. Rooms provided everything we needed, very clean and smart. Great views from balcony. Great bathroom with fantastic power shower. Staff were extremely helpful with all the questions we asked and there were plenty!. In great location, 30mins and a 22 euro taxi from airport. Metro and bus route just around corner, most sights within walking distance. You will be walking alot, but there are lots alternatives. Recommend buying tegeta ticket-6.4 euros-gives 10 trips on either metro or bus, can use for as many people as you like , just put card thru bus/metro machine for as many people are travelling. Also Touristica bus good,@ 20 euros, 3 routes-red,yellow and green, u can get listing of route on barcelona web page or plenty info given at hotel. Went for 40th birthday and 30th, extremely recommend eating at La Crema Canela, good choice for vegetarians and meat eaters alike which our group of people had both-address Madoz, 6-just off La Ramblas. Fantastic seasonal choice Starters @4euros/Main @ 8-10euros. Also great vegetarian restaurant is Sesamo and Organic Orgasmic. If you go into the market just off La ramblas 'La Boquera' there is a stand there for Organic Orgasmic-great stand up food, and they will tell you how to get to restaurant-all veggie and organic, we had huge meal for 8euros each! Definitely go see Casa Batlo, and make sure you get lift up to top, and visit La Sagradia Familia and do the same-all Gaudi's work, jaw droppingly amazing. Weather was great while we were there, like a sunny day here.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Paparajote
<Content>Loved it!!! We stayed at this hotel during a holiday break and as we had booked it in advance got a deal of 4 nights for the price of three from the hotel webpage.We booked two rooms and both were very large compared to standard sizes in Europe, very clean and modernly furbished.The fact that it is just steps away from the Rambla makes it a perfect location for tourists.As the title says, we loooved it.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lezter
<Content>Good Hotel Stayed at the Hotel Inglaterra for three nights in December. The location was great. Very central to many shops and restaurants and only a few minutes walk away from the main bus stops. The staff were very welcoming and helpful, they spoke and understood english very well. Our room was small but had everything we needed including a small balcony. It was very quiet during the evenings/night so we could get a good nights sleep. The only bad point to make was the breakfast (this was served between 7 and 11 am) some of the food had gone dry and hard(bread/cheese/ham) when left out and not covered up,and the fresh fruits(melon,fruit cocktail) going slightly brown again not covered up. Although the hot breakfast are well covered and very warm. Overall opinion we would definitely return and recommend to family and friends.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>white58
<Content>GREAT BOUTIQUE HOTEL, GREAT STAFF, GREAT CITY!!!!! A group of 3 couples stayed at Inglaterra Hotel last days of october and we are extremly happy with our choise. The reception staff is very helpfull and friendly, they gave us rooms all togheter and they were all lovely, sunny, quiet and clean.The hotel situation is perfect for all the sightseens and near to great restaurants.We really enjoy the time we spend in Barcelona and we will come back if we return to visit europe again.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Yorkshiretrotter1
<Content>Great fluffy towels ! Yes the towels were very fluffy and the hotel was in a very nice situation. The breakfasts were good as it was self service and you could have most things. We had a superior room on the second floor, this was fine but there was rather a nasty smell in there and we thought it must have been the grubby stained carpet. Very sorry to have to say this as everything else was fine. I just felt I didnt really want to walk in the room without shoes on... I lived in Barcelona 25 years ago and went to the University there, the hotel was just a short walk away as it was from the centre of town... I hope all the rooms didnt have the problem ours did but I wouldn't stay there again... as the stale smell in the room made me feel a bit sick...  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>Lias723
<Content>Hated the City, Loved the Room We arrived in Barcelona on October 22 after spending 1 week in Paris. I had booked the room online on the hotel's website and had been in communication with the Staff via email regarding price and discounts. As soon as we arrived, we were abruptly notified that the price we had confirmed online was incorrect and it was going to be an additional 20 euros/night for the room. Not a good first impression and it was all downhill from there.The only positive thing was that the roms were beautiful. We were in 211 which is a corner room with high ceilings, modern decoration, and 2 balconies. Had I stayed the room the entire time, I probably would have had a more positive experience. They offered a Breakfast Buffet in their restaurant for a whopping 12 Euros and charged 20 Euros/week for internet service. The location was ideal, only 1 block from La Rambla and there are open-air bus tours that leave from there all day to take you around the city. It was ALWAYS crowded everywhere you walked and we found the street performers bizarre and freakish rather than amusing and entertaining. Other than walk up and down La Rambla and seeing some of the few (and uninteresting) sights like La Sagrada Familia (Waste of time as you are charged 8 Euros to walk through the eyesore and it is under COMPLETE construction as it has been for over 100 years), the Olympic Stadium from 1992 (Yawn) and the Cathedral (You guessed it, under construction too!) there really is nothing more to do. I also noticed a disturbing number of beggars everywhere holding everything from babies to dogs that all appeared sedated or dead. Even saw a completely naked old man (twice!) walking the streets without any hesitation. WEIRD!After 3 days, we had had enough of the circus and actually cut our trip short by 4 days to come home early. A week in Barcelona would have been the equivilant to Chinese water torture and we were thrilled to get out early regardless of fees incurred by the airline. I would NEVER return there nor would I recommend Spain to anyone. I would have rather spent another week in glorious Paris. C'est la vie!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	4	5	2	3	3	

<Author>Bibbbabe
<Content>Brilliant Place Just got back from the Hotel Inglaterra, its in a great location, ideal for everything. Room was spotless with towels to die for!! Very central to tourist bus, which is a must. Got the bus from airport, which was ideal 7.50 euros for two people, drop off at Universitat (top of road). Have tapas in the back streets of Las Ramblas. Travel on the cable car at your own peril!! Get off at San Sebastian and walk along the beaches to one of the cheap little restaurants. Barcelonetta is great with lots of bars and cafes. You football lovers visit Camp Nou (wow). A fantastic place, great hotel, what more can you ask for.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>r_torradeflot
<Content>best accomodation in barcelona! I only have compliments for the entire staff of the 'Hotel Inglaterra'. They were so so kind and helpful with us. The hotel is situated in the best area! Public transports in 2 minutes walking! (Plaza Catalonia Square: bus, metro, train)There's also a car parking very close!The hotel is very stylish, very confortable beds, plasma Tv, modern bathrooms, and the rooftop is an peaceful oasis inside the city!There's a very good relation 'price-quality'. Thanks so much for your wanderful hospitality! I really recommend it!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>debbieandsteve
<Content>perfect location Just returned from three nights in the Hotel Inglaterra with our three grown-up children. We were very impressed with the modern rooms which all had up-to-date well-fitted en-suites. The staff were friendly and helpful and gave us good dining-out tips. The hotel is in the old town and within easy walking distance of most sights. I would thoroughly recommend to anyone on a short break to Barcelona.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>globetrotterhelen
<Content>excellent! Wow! What a fantastic hotel this was.The Inglaterre Barcelona is a perfect base for exploring this beautiful city. The interior is modern and stylish and the location is excellent, being just around the corner (3-4 mins walk) from the main square - the Plaza Catalunya, and the top of the main street - La Ramla (It's about a 15 minute walk down to the port from the top of La Rambla). Any hotel of this standard would cost an absolute fortune in England, but was a bargain at around 拢67 a night for the room.For the girls, there were plenty of plugs in the room and the hairdryer is a really decent, powerful one so save some space in your case and don't bother taking one. There was also plenty wardrobe space, drawers, and mirrors...One lovely feature of this hotel was the rooftop terrace where there were a few tables, chairs and sunloungers where you can, believe it or not, relax in the middle of this bustling city. There is no bar up here but there is a phone and you can ring and order drinks from the bar from here.The only negatives were that the pale carpet in the room was looking a bit grubby, and the bar/restaurant downstairs has no natural light.But lets face it, who cares about the carpet when you're on hol - your room should just be a place to sleep - and there are so many bars and restaurants in the city anyway you may as well explore further than your hotel on a night out anyway. And those people who have moaned about there not being enough English tv channels available, or the quality of the free toiletries - get a life! Who wants to watch television when you're in what must be one of the most beautiful cities in the wold!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel On arriving at the Hotel Inglaterra we were very impressed. The hotel is well situated to get to Las Ramblas and around the city. I would advise on getting to the hotel on the aerobus, it was cheap and dropped you off just around the corner. It was advertised that you could use the Hotel Majestic (the sister hotel) swimming pool, which we were looking forward to using. Unfortunately we were not advised that you had to book either an exective or superior suite to use these facilities. As we only had a basic double room we were disappointed not to have been advised about this.The hotel itself was very clean and the room had a lovely large bathroom and had modern decor. The roof top terrace is very nice, there were also sun loungers to lay on, tables and an outside shower to cool you down. You can order food and drinks to be brought up onto the terrace, but watch out for the service charge!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would Stay Here Again in a Heartbeat! We stayed at the Inglaterra hotel for 3 nights in July. The hotel is situated in an excellent location near the Rambla and numerous shops. The room and bathroom were extremely clean and of a good size. Our room had a great balcony on the side of the hotel, so noise was never a problem. The hotel also has a lovely rooftop terrace with great views of the city. In addition, the food was excellent and of a reasonable cost. The only downside was that there weren't any english channels on the TV. We would definately reccommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ruby_malone
<Content>Had better. Maybe my problem is that I work in the 5 star bracket of hotels in London, but I found that this one fell into the '2 star with pretensions' league. Our room (which faced the front of the hotel and was mercifully quiet at night thanks to the impressive double glazing), was small with bought-by-the-yard from Ikea type wall hangings. For what you pay I wouldn't say you get anything that you wouldn't get in a Spanish 2 star in so much as there are no freebies like bottles of water/chocolates etc. Something that needs to be addressed in not just this hotel but all european ones is that MORE ENGLISH SPEAKING TV CHANNELS WOULD BE APPRECIATED. I speak fine spanish but sometimes I want to watch more than CNN in the evenings. The bathroom was old and a bit grubby; with non named toiletries (I always think if you're paying on the plus side of 150 Euros a night you deserve something better than product that smells like it's been decanted from a fairy liquid bottle.). The breakfast was extensive and pan-european; there's certainly something for everyone and the espresso (from the machine) was very good indeed. The roof terrace is very pretty and handy for chilling out on at the end of the day or pre- stepping out for a bite to eat at about 11pm.The location of the hotel is great -2 minutes walk from Universitat metro and 5 from Catylunya (also handy for the turist bus and aeroport bus) although we found that we didn't spend much time in the immediate vicinity. Barcelona is small enough that a 15 minute metro ride gets you to practically the outskirts of the city so in that respect this hotel is no better than any other in the same price bracket. (The Hotel Jazz over the road costs about the same and has a pool to boot)Having said all of that, the staff were charming and helpful and we had a very good time in the city. But if I'd wanted to spend more time in the hotel than just sleeping I think I'd have been disappointed.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fabri
<Content>convenient location, very nice hotel I spent five nights at the hotel for business stay. The location is strategic to visit the city as it is close to Pla莽a Catalunya and the Ramblas, a few steps from the metro Universitat. I got a single room on the rear. Even if some of the rooms give on the street (which is very noisy all day long), I heard no noise. It happened to me to live the days when Bar莽a won the title and supporters were celebrating in the streets. The room was not large but clean , the bathroom a paleasant surprise. Breakfast room cosy and food abundant and good. The price was expensive, 鈧?10.00 + 7%VAT and not worth. Staff a bit cold but professional. I would definitely recommend the hotel for the location, the rooms and the atmosphere  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Nies
<Content>noisy neighbors The Hotel Inglaterra is so beautiful, small and just intimate enough to contrast the expanse of the city. Very close to the old streetswith unique shops and funky vegetarian restaurants. It was such a shame that a few noisy neighbors next to our roomruined our stay. The managment was not to be found at 4 AM to come to our aid, so we walked around with big dark circles underour eyes. The next day we were moved to a five star hotel for thelast night in town, but we had to pay for the cab ride ourselves!With all the choices for Hotels in Barcelona,I would stay somewhere else next time.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HayJam
<Content>Fantastic location Stayed at the Inglaterra hotel for 3 nights in February, the hotel was in an excellent location just off La Rambla. The hotel is a small boutique hotel that has been recently modernised. The rooms are very clean and are the perfect base while exploring the city, ask for a room at the front of the hotel as you get your own personal little balcony. The rooftop terrace offers a nice view of the city at sunset while enjoying a few evening drinks even in february! I would definately reccommend this hotel and will have no hesitation in staying here again!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very good 3 star hotel in excellent position This is a recently modernised smallish hotel exactly where you want to be, right at the top of La Rambla - but not on it. You can get to anywhere in Barcelona easily from here. The rooms are modern, clean and well equipped. The staff we met were very helpful. No safe in room but free one with dual keys behind reception (you must use it, pickpockets are everywhere!).Breakfasts are ok so long as you get up early and have the cooked stuff while it's fresh but by 10am it's like rubber. The cold meats, breads and fruit etc are very good but the coffee comes from a machine. We breakfasted out - try the old Opera cafe opposite the Opera on La Rambla.For a 3 star hotel with 3 star pricing this is an excellent deal - we'd use it again without hesitation.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BPro77
<Content>Not that bad - but wouldn't recommend In fact this hotel is just about location. It's quite near to the Plaza Catalunya and so it's perfect for tourists. But the staff wasn't really friendly. It seemed to me that they were kind of bothered by any questions. Moreover we had really problems with the smell in our room. Apparently the AC was defect and some kind of cloaca smell came into the room. Disgusting!Furthermore the room wasn't that clean.Overall I wouldn't recommend it.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Etops
<Content>Great hotel, we are going back.. We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and are booking to stay again.The main advantage is the excellent location. You turn a corner and are at the top of Las Ramblas, in fact nearly everywhere is within walking distance.Rooms are spacious, well equipped and very clean. We had a room only rate, so cannot comment on the breakfast, howver there is a cafe across the road that does a great coffee and croissant, however if you are feeling indulgent go for the long doughnuts dipped in thick hot chocolate on the ramblas!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel Stayed here for four nights. Very clean, great location, very quiet. Easy (less than 5 minute) walk from the Placa Universidad where the bus from the airport dropped us. Metro close by and only 5 minute walk from Las Rambla. I felt very safe in the area (2 women traveling). Tons of shopping on the block and not far from the more expensive Paseo de Gracia shops. Little cafe next door for breakfast (cafe and croissant for two was less than 5 euros). Good suggestions for tapas from the staff and a pretty roof deck which I could enjoy even in January. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>workmen on scaffolding we paid more money than we would normally pay as the hotel looked good, however there was no mention of the hotel being worked on .we were woken up very early by the noisey workmen ,and when i went to open the curtains i was faced with a spanish decorator on scaffolding looking in to my room, so i had to keep the curtains permanently closed making the room dark and miserable.we mentioned this to reception but there were no more rooms to be moved into, hence we checked out early and stayed in a better hotel on the main las ramblas which was much beter.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Super Service We had a fantastic stay at Hotel Inglaterra. The rooms were clean, the service was outstanding and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Birthday / Best Hotel       Bar area  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bed bugs Upon checking into the hotel, everything looked great: Lobby, rooms, staff.After putting away my clothes,etc, I took a twenty minute nap before heading out into the city. As soon as I woke up I had about 10-15 bites on my legs and arms. I thought it was an allergic reaction to the laundry detergent they used, and reported that to the front desk. They were unwilling to even change my sheets. After sleeping there the first night, I woke up with over 60 BED BUG BITES! I was traveling with two other co-workers who did not have a problem. But after calling home and speaking with a friend who had bed bugs before, I realized that was the problem. Again the staff denied that they had a ever had a problem with bed bugs and would not move me to another room. DO NOT STAY IN ROOM 404.Sidenote, while I was reporting this problem to the front desk, another woman was complaining about her bathroom sink faucet being broken. She had been promised that it would be fixed for the last four days. They refused to move her or discount her bill and recommended that she just brush teeth/wash face in the bathtub faucet. While the desk clerks were pleasant, the service policies of the hotel are unacceptable to me.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Jezza1
<Content>Great hotel - highly recommended Stayed here for 3 nights in June 2005.Great location, right next to Rambla. Rooms are quite small, but modern, very clean and comfortable. We had a room at the front on 3rd floor, and there was some noise from road outside but didn't stop us sleeping.Hotel has a lovely roof terrace that offers a great sopt to enjoy a beer at the end of the day.Staff were really friendly.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would recommend My Husband and I stayed here in October 2004 for his 40th Birthday. The rooms are quite small, but very clean. Staff are extremely helpful and couldnt do enough for us, they even gave my husband a gift for his Birthday. Excellent location, very central for sightseeing. Would definately recommend if you are looking for a clean, central, friendly place to stay  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>spug
<Content>Non-smokers beware! Should have taken note of previous review on trip advisor. We arrived to find that the entire building was still shrouded in green (when we complained that there should be a warning on their website hotel staff advised that you are able to see through the green covering!). Workmen outside our windows every morning so complete lack of privacy along with the noise that always follows building work. Also very disappointed as we requested a non-smoking room when booking direct through hotel website and they did not inform us that as this is a 3 star hotel all rooms are smoking. As non-smokers we found we dreaded going back to our room as it stank of stale smoke. Would recommend that anyone visiting Barcelona stay nearer Gothic area as this hotel is on a very busy road and is very noisy.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Building site Stayed 20-23 March 2005. On arriving met by the sight of a green tarpaulin draped from top to bottom of hotel. Every window view from the hotel was blocked. The sun terrace was unusable as painters/workmen had moved all the chairs and tables to one side and laid out all their equipment on the terrace.Some of the corridors in the hotel were having floors replastered and we had to move rooms after 2 nights as the corridor outside our room had been done. Pretty inconvenient as we were only staying 3 nights. This hotel should not have been taking in guests until the refurbishment has been finished. The location is great and when its finished it will be lovely but avoid it till then.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel We stayed there during Christmas 2004. Smallish room but very comfortable and well-designed. Exceptionally helpful staff. Great location. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ideal for everything A group of 4 women, we recently stayed at the Hotel Inglaterra, Barcelona. The rooms although small, were very good, and the servicing excellent. The staff were extremely friendly and obliging, recommending and booking restaurants for us. The hot and cold buffet breakfast would set you up for the day. The location of the hotel is 5 minutes walk from the top of the Ramblas, about 15 minutes walk from the Bari Gotica, and just far enough away from the bussle to give a great night's sleep. We would stay in the Inglaterra again, and would highly recommend it to any vistor to Barcelona.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fuhyong
<Content>Clean and modern You can go too far wrong with this one. Location isn't too bad, you can walk to La Ramblas but you will have to get through some dodgy streets to get there. Not wise at night. However, the train station is located just in front of the hotel so makes travelling to most parts of the city a breeze. You can even walk to the olympic harbour if you are inclined and Mont Juic is also walkable at a pinch.Rooms are smallish but clean, modern if characterless with the usual refinements. Breakfast is so-so, the usual continental fare, certainly edible but you may want to try something more 'local' elsewhere.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rose6
<Content>Enjoyable stay...will return Found this hotel on the internet and was guided by your other reviews. My wife and I stayed for 3 nights. Staff were very friendly, the room whilst small was clean and comfortable, after all we were only sleeping there. Facing the main street the double glazing ensured no street noise entered. The first floor bar area was being refurbished at the time but the restaurant/bar area in the basement was very modern. Breakfasted out...cheaper.The location was excellent with a short walk to the top of the Ramblas or pick up the open top bus and with shops all around.We'll definitely go back. Our thanks to previous reviewers for making our minds up.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Little Hotel - close to everything What a great little hotel. I selected this hotel based on feedback found on this forum.We stayed there for 3 nights in October 2004. The hotel is very close to central Barcelona (5 min from Las Ramblas and Place Catalonya). If taking the airport shuttle bus, you can walk there from Place Catalonya, but the hotel is closer to the University stop.This area of Barcelona is VERY busy and the buzz of people starts as soon as your exit the hotel, but the windows must be quad glazed or something, As soon as you close the windows, everything is quiet.They have free, shared internet service (a little slow) and a great breakfast.The staff was extremely responsive and pleasant when I e-mailed a couple of days prior to our trip to confirm the reservation.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great weekend get away Weren't sure what to expect, but was pleasantly surprised. The hotel was small, and so were the rooms (small but comfortable enough for a long weekend) as we were not planning on spending to much time at the hotel. Also the Air con worked a treat. We were on the road side and looked down onto the shoppers walking below. Once we closed the door it was quite and you couldn't here anything,Breakfast was 11鈧?a little on the steep side, but the best breakfast we could find. The hotel is very central to the tourist busses, la ramblas and shopping and you can walk down the ramblas to the waterfront. Overall it is in an excellent location, the staff were friendly and the hotel rooms were small and comfortable, and we got a great package deal price from Last minute...what more could you ask for on a long weekend?????  
<Date>Sep 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, clean rooms, friendly staff! We stayed here on honeymoon and found it to be an excellent small hotel. The staff were always friendly and helpful, the rooms were relatively basic but clean. But the best thing about this hotel is the location - 5 mins from the Ramblas and Catalunya.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, shame about some of the staff... For the price this is a fabulous hotel, modern, clean, well furnished, great bathrooms and ideally located for La Ramblas and shopping. The female members of staff were lovely and helpful however the male staff members could do with a bit of customer service training. 2 members of our group did get mugged outside of the hotel, and the staff weren't particularly helpful. Apart from this I would recommend.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very impressed A great little hotel. Pleasantly surprised. Helpful, friendly staff and professional. Good location and very clean. Can get slightly noisy at night if your room is at the front, but the noise wasn't enough to really bother me. I'd most definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location - Nice Hotel I thought the Inglaterra was reasonably priced for the location as most hotels seem to be a lot more expensive. Just off of the Placa de Catalunya was a great spot to be. Room was clean and spacious with nice bathroom. Breakfast was a little pricey at 11 euros each but was okay and convenient. I was worried that the room was next to the lift but never heard the lift once. Staff spoke excellent English and were very helpful. Allowed us to leave our bags there during the day as we were not flying out until the evening.Would recommend.  
<Date>May 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Recommend the Inglaterra Stayed here 1-4 April 2004. Excellent location, clean modern decor, comfortable beds, excellent bathroom. Reception staff were friendly and helpful. Recommend it to anyone who wants a good value, central hotel in Barcelona  
<Date>Apr 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SMMB
<Content>Great value, great location   showReview(1615483, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Checked-out   showReview(1538754, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worth Looking At   showReview(1436940, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value for money   showReview(1283340, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean, modern well-placed but not cheap   showReview(820897, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 6, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hmmm..   showReview(646186, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>_costanza_Piacenza
<Content>Fantastico hotel Inglaterra!   showReview(20070950, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottima soluzione per un viaggio di piacere   showReview(20550601, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione   showReview(19643354, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon hotel per chi vuole visitare il centro di Barcellona   showReview(19643353, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(19643352, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(18540634, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das beste Personal!   showReview(18540635, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s agr茅able   showReview(16596944, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentrael Lage, sauber, nett   showReview(16596942, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>OTTIMO   showReview(16596943, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon rapport qualit茅-prix et excellente situation   showReview(15575495, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimamente posizionato per...   showReview(16726225, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>weinpflaume
<Content>Super sch枚nes Hotel   showReview(14570071, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>xsport
<Content>Fantastico!   showReview(14465689, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚ner Urlaub   showReview(11305580, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Zelmira
<Content>Muy lindo pero sucio   showReview(10855811, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	5	1	5	2	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super zentral, aber kleine Zimmer!   showReview(11443709, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Jorge2007
<Content>Nos ha gustado el hotel.   showReview(8092168, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione eccezzionale   showReview(11495571, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un bon h么tel pour d茅couvrir la ville   showReview(11403754, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Notre s茅jour s'est tr猫s bien...   showReview(11414104, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11349321, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top Lage   showReview(11349320, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Alles bestens   showReview(11349319, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder, sehr zentral, aber sehr kleine Zimmer   showReview(11349318, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Klein aber fein   showReview(11349317, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit wieder   showReview(11349316, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bel hotel except茅 l'odeur   showReview(11333832, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bonne adresse   showReview(11349296, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pensavo che la prima colazione...   showReview(11414105, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hotel de 3 estrellas con servicio de 5 estrellas   showReview(4452698, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un ottima struttura; servizio...   showReview(11414106, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione eccezionale come base...   showReview(11414107, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr empfehlenswertes Hotel...   showReview(13548514, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hohel 猫 in un ottima...   showReview(11414109, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo ha un'ottima...   showReview(11414114, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel tr猫s, tr猫s bien, dommage...   showReview(11414112, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La posizione dell' albergo 猫...   showReview(13481407, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Abbastanza buono e...   showReview(11414113, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Service beim Fr眉hst眉ck etwas zu...   showReview(11414110, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Une situation on ne peut plus...   showReview(13481436, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Keine nicht-raucherzimmer...   showReview(11414111, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo 猫 situato in...   showReview(13372232, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo 猫 molto carino, ben...   showReview(11414115, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un albergo di categoria...   showReview(11414116, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sono andata a barcellona nel...   showReview(11414117, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

