<Author>maclers
<Content>Nice Hotel, Great rooms unprofessional staff in front desk Well I booked this hotel on the hotels website at a good price but as I had previously stayed in the hotel I phoned the hotel and mentioned I was looking for a room for 5 nights and I had previously stated ther for more than 10 nights earlier in the year and I was checking do they have a rate for returning guest. the price I was given was about 100dollars a night more than the site so I mentioned that the web site has a better price of about 100dollars less and he said no way it must be an error I had the website opened on my laptop and re opened the same site on my other PC and guess what they had changed the prices  or someone did !! as I was on hold for about 15 mins... by the way the customer service is very poor they pass you from ther other hotel up the street the orchard garden and then back to ther orchard garden hotel. so I decided to book it anyway and guess what I get an email back in about 10 mins to say SORRY THIS WAS AN ERROR AND WE CANT PROVIDE THE ROOM AT THAT PRICE AS IT WAS AN EMPLOYEE RATE so I decide to ring them and got VOICEMAIL now these guys dont do telephone calls very well all you get is voice mail so with a few emails back and tow they decided to honour the rate which I was delighted at my previous experice staying in the hotel was very good the rooms are excellent and I mean excellent, pity about the front of house.I was meeting my colleague in the hotel and he checked in before me and gave them his credit card for the usual deposit just in case you use the telephone or drink the water etc from the mini bar which is fine I totally understand this proceedure. The Rooms are excellent, clean, comfortable etc but the breakfast is terible and a rip off coffee is luke warm, bread is hard as its left out ham is OK ceral is Ok thats it so u have a shelf on a table with ham, cheese yogurt 2 juices 3 cerals bread u couldn't eat it unless u toast it, no cooked breakfast availalbe and the coffee is voil, the service is like the coffee luck warm and the coffee is in one of thoses flasks you give to kids going to school disappointing and the breakfast is overpriced but there is a brillant french place accross the street  cafe de pres was 12dollars and u get pancakes juice real coffee etc its a jem. Oh in the dinning room where the breakfast is served the door going into the bar is open at times and u can see the drains etc and pipes from the machines which is filty and would turn anyone off the breakfastto see the lease ther seems to be no manager around to keep and eye on whats happening the front desk is a little boys club all chatting pressing buttons on their keyboards etc good hotel location wise, with brillant rooms but lacking service at the front of house and the breakfast needs to be changed ASAP on the departure I hanged in my card to get the bill and also got my invoice signed the invoice or what the americans call the CHECK and guess what about 3 weeks later my colleague's card got charged after I giving them my Credit card on check out which was the same card I booked it with on the Internet and they given me the receipt invoice etc HOW unprofessional to do this to someone, and it was embarrassing that my work colleague now got charged for it on his credit card, so I phoned the hotel to get the usual Voice mail left a message and no reply sent email to ask would someone return my call NO luck and phoned again still waiting for ther call Summary great rooms clean, comfortable, Front of House  Admin staff unprofessional terrible breakfast  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>2	2	5	3	4	1	1	3	

<Author>Traveler7294618
<Content>Wonderful Time This was a 50th birthday weekend I organized with family that don't do a lot of traveling. They were very comfortable and happy with the accomedations and the location. We like to walk and it was a great location - union square, chinatown, north beach, financial district, cable car. Beautiful hotel, clean, attractive, staff was very friendly , attentive, courteous and helpful. I felt pampered and rested. Room was nicely appointed and had comfy beds. The room was quite even though we faced the street.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Newyorker765
<Content>Cramped but Nice The Orchard Garden is conveniently located downtown, absolutely spoteless but without much character for the price. Our double was so small it was hard for two people to get by each other in the room. On the other hand, the beds are super, so if you are just using the hotel for sleep it's fine.We stayed in #208 facing Bush, and while the double windows kept out most street noise, the same could not be said for the interior . Could hear next door conversations, and had no do not disturb  tag to hang on New Year's Eve. So Housekepping knocked at our door at 9AM ,as well as our neighbors, to a collective and vocalgo away which could be heard all over the floor. So much for sleeping in on New Year's Day. Not much thought on management's part. Maybe less focus on the Green and a little more investment insulating their rooms from each other. All in it seems overpriced for what you get in value, unless you can get a deal--under $150  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>3	4	3	3	5	3	3	3	

<Author>memily68
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Great Price, Amazing Location! We have stayed at the Orchard Garden hotel twice now, once for business and once for pleasure. Both experiences were fantastic, we fell in love! The rooms are clean, the beds and sheets are exceedingly comfortable, and the staff are friendly and helpful. The convenience of free wireless and movie rentals are very thoughtful and show the care that the management puts into the facility. The location right outside the gates of China Town make wandering the city easy, and its close proximity to the Powell St. BART station make travel a breeze.The icing on the cake is the specials that the hotel will run, lowering it's nightly stays to under $150, as well as it's fantastic happy hour specials (buy a drink, get an appetizer for free).We recommend this hotel to everyone who asks, so enjoy!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>krissyla
<Content>Great staff, service, quiet room Just spent 5 nights at Orchard Garden over the holidays. I travel a lot for business, but this was for a family vacation with my 12 year old son. Of all the hotels I have stayed at in my life I would rate this among THE BEST!!! This is primariily because of the very friendly staff that aims to please. We needed help setting up my son's new video game system that he got from grandpa and wanted to try on the hotel TV. Even though the hotel engineer had left fot the day already, someone came up from the front desk and gave it his all until he got it hooked up! Beds and bedding were very comfortable, and room was exceptionally quiet even though on second floof on the street. Everything clean and worked well. It is not big-- my son and I with the two double besds and all our stuff pretty well filled it, but it was well-laid out and comfortable.Only drawbacks, low-flow shower is less strong than I like, but this is good for the environment, and it was sparkling clean and worked well. And while service was very friennly, the restaurant food was a little too interesting--organic, creative, some tasty, some not.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kathrin_73
<Content>Great stay, great area, great hotel It was my first trip to San Francisco and I enjoyed the stay at this hotel. I was first thinking to stay in the area of Fishermans Wharf, but after reading the good reviews I decided to stay at the Orchard Garden Hotel and now I know: it was the perfect choice and the perfect location.We arrived after a long flight from Germany and were greated with a smile and with our name right when we walked in. We were a party of 3 adults in a room with 2 double beds and it was enough space for us. The room was quiet and has everything you might need during a stay at a city hotel. The bathroom has a lot of space with bathtub and shower in one. Even a bathrobe is provided. And I also have to say, you will sleep just well in the bed of this place! The room is clean and I love the eco-friendly ammenities.There are a lot of restaurants and shopping close by and it is easy to get around when you are at this hotel, because also the cable car is not far at all.I can absolutely recommend the Orchard Garden Hotel and would choose it for a future trip once more.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>hans_wadenvik
<Content>1000 US dollar deposit withheld from ny account A bunch of Swedish doctors attented the newly held ASH meeting. We had rooms prereserved ar Orchard Garden San Francisco. The rooms were prepaid by the travel agency. Despite that the hotel took a deposit of aroung 1000 US dollars fom our credit card. Despite commenting on the incorrect action taken, nothing happened. We left the hotel on monday and still, 3 days later these, these money has not been released and can apparently not be used by me. I have e-mailed the hotel three times and they only show their arrogance by not responding. Certainly, I will not attend that astablishment again!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jicken
<Content>Exceptional experience at Orchard Garden The hotel exceeded our expectations! It is elegant AND green.No chemicals, no perfumes--I breathed easy the whole visit.The staff members were also exceptionally gracious. The location is also very good, half a block from the Chinatown Gate and just a few blocks walk from anything you want to do in downtown SF, or the BART or the bus if you want to go farther.We recommend it!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>janrez
<Content>Great location We have stayed here before and were not disappointed the second time. The location is excellent. The room is fresh and new. The bed is extremely comfortable. And we love the green aspects. The use of the computers in the business center is very useful also. If you have not been to the Ferry Buliding yet, you should definitely give it a try.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>czheng
<Content>Absolutely Loved It Our stay at Orchard Garden was comfortable and effortless. Everything was perfect鈥攖he staff is courteous and accommodating; our room was beautiful, spacious, and clean. We had the added satisfaction of supporting an environmentally-conscious business without experiencing any drop-off in quality. I was a little worried about the low-flow fixtures in particular, but the water pressure was plenty strong. And the linens were every bit as soft as you'd expect from a luxury hotel.The hotel's location is optimal: right next to Chinatown, a stone's throw from Union Square. Lots of shops and restaurants. And very close to BART (getting to Orchard Garden from SFO was surprisingly quick).The hotel's restaurant, Roots, has excellent food and excellent service. And the coffee was the best we had while in San Francisco.In all, I can't recommend this place highly enough. Easily the best hotel stay I've had in years...  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rlf_vancity
<Content>Nice alternative to a big hotel I booked this hotel almost solely upon the recommendations on Trip Advisor - I usually stay at either the Hyatt or Westin chains in San Francisco, so this was a refreshing change from the big hotel experience.Stay here if....you appreciate the green movement and nice touches like recycling in the rooms; you like European style hotels with no lobbies but breakfast included; you like contemporary but minimal decor; you want to be close to Union Square in an affordable hotel.Don't stay here if...you like big hotel rooms and lots of amenties (it's pretty basic); you want outstanding service.On to the pros. The rooms are nicely decorated, obviously new and the beds are extremely comfortable. For a tourist level hotel, it was a pleasure to have turndown service available and they did not scrimp on amenities (shampoo, etc) like lots of the big chains do. Everything was spotless and the bathroom was spacious enough. The included breakfast was basic (think European continental - cereals, fruit, breads, meat and cheese, yogurt and coffee), although you could splurge and pay extra for a full american breakfast. In a city with relatively expensive dining options for breakfast, particularly nearby in Union Square, the breakfast was a nice touch.The hotel is really central if you want to visit Union Square or Chinatown, and is close to the California Street cable car line. There are lots of close restaurants, and the hotel is happy to give a recommendation (I followed one - the french restaurant across the street, and was happy with it). The cons....the rooms are a tad small and there was nowhere to put our suitcase because the closet was too small. The roof deck is not anything special - it's just a few tables on a 10th floor roof - not really a great view to boot. The exercise room is clean, but basic. They boast their LEED rating, but if this is really important to you, please note that they actually scored really low. The worst part had to be the front desk service, however. When I checked in, the front desk person seemed to have ADD as he kept picking up the phone and engaging his co-workers rather than focusing on the task of checking me in. As a result, it took an inordinately long time. No one could tell me what the $10 special breakfast for the Nike marathon participants was....why wouldn't I just take extras off the buffet the day before and store in my fridge for free? Upon checking out, the front desk person was totally unable to figure out using a different credit card than the room was reserved with, and as a result my mother and I had the pleasure of EACH being charged with our stay. It took a few e-mails and a phone call to fix that mess. Stay here if you are looking for a new, tourist class hotel that is relatively affordable. Don't stay here if you need special requests or are expecting anything from the front desk staff.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>cat7104
<Content>Loved this place Got a great last minute rate but I probably would have been happy paying the standard rate too. Very attractive, super comfy rooms, excellent staff - friendly, very helpful, got a great recommendation for dinner nearby. Also a terrific location, just down the street from the Chinatown gate.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tirsabel
<Content>good location, service okay We decided to stay here based off of reviews on tripadvisor. The green factor is nice if it is important to you to stay in a green hotel. The rooms were decent sized for a city hotel. the bathrooms were actually decent sized also. The shower pressure was a little on the low side, then again going along with the green theme they were water-saving shower heads. the location is very central and we did get a good deal on orbitz at under $200/night including taxes but we were staying in early novemberTwo annoyances and they were pretty minor but both in service. the first night we tried to do a pay per view movie and it took about 45 minutes for them to figure out that it wasn't working. I don't think the staff even knew if the system was down or not they just thought it wasn't working. It took several phone calls and two visits from the staff downstairs and in the end it still didn't work. The next evening we were told by the front desk that their system was down and they apologized again. It was kind of annoying that if the whole hotel's pay per view movies were down - and no one working that night knew. It seems that someone ought to know as opposed to taking an hour to figure it out - we definitely would have made some other plans.Also, we used the valet service and had an early flight. Since they said there was a closing time on the valet (2AM) we figured there was an opening time and wanted to make sure we'd be able to get our car at 630AM in the morning. so we called downstairs to find out and again took about an hour to confirm we'd be able to get our car out in the AM.Again these things weren't huge but it just made the staff seem uninformed regarding a few basics about services at the hotel.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	2	4	

<Author>jkolod1
<Content>Nothing special The hotel is right next to the entrance of China town, which is nice if you wish to shop and ear there. It's a long way from the bay. Upon checking in we asked if our room had a view of the town and were told no and there was nothing they could do. When we got to the room there was only a view of another building and some a/c units. The room was small and there was no space in the bathroom. The TV is old and the bed is nothing special. We did not see the green factor. If you think you can tell the difference between a green hotel and any other hotel, think again. Over all the room is comparable to any Holiday Inn. The lobby, however, is very nice. The staff was friendly, but not helpful. The internet room has two computers and was busy every time I went down to check email. Only book if you will only be stumbling into the hotel at a late hour and leaving early in the morning.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	3	3	3	1	

<Author>jjjnnn
<Content>Excellent Hotel Very comfortable hotel in an excellent location. Great beds, modern decor, delicious breakfast, and good value too!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>speakerender
<Content>No Honeymooners allowed!!! After reading so many fantastic reviews about the Orchard Garden Hotel, my husband and I decided to stay there on our honeymoon. With a cost of $400 per night for the terrace suite (that鈥檚 WITH a discount of $100 per night), we were excited to see what our splurge afforded us. Upon walking into the hotel, I was like鈥?this is it? The entrance is neither grand nor inviting. My husband inquired about the morning breakfast and the staff suggested we eat somewhere else because the food was overpriced and not really all that good. Our 鈥渢errace suite鈥?was utterly disappointing. The room is tiny. The balcony is shared with the room next door. The bathroom is large with separate shower and tub but the towel rack and soap dish both fell apart. The batteries were dead in the remote and even after informing the front desk, none were sent up. We had originally booked to stay for four nights, but after a few hours, we decided to change hotels for the remainder of our stay. We spoke with a gentleman at the front desk and he had no reaction to our concerns or our wanting to cancel our reservations. In fact, he even suggested that we stay at the hotel across the street where he used to work. For our honeymoon鈥NY honeymoon or romantic weekend, I would say definitely find a different hotel. However, I think this would be a nice hotel to stay in on a business trip. The bed was comfortable. The bathroom shower products were lovely. We loved the robes although I鈥檓 not sure if they have them in every room. Very peaceful but not at all romantic.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	4	5	1	-1	4	

<Author>Rosy500
<Content>Very nice Oct 31,2008CanadaWe chose this hotel because of the trip advisor's reviews so,wefeel that we have to give our opinion. The room was smaller than we expected but the bathroom was spacious.Everything is new so in very good condition. Very clean,also. It is true that the beds are very comfortable. We have the same opinion as Cadaquest12 regarding the green policy. Location is perfect.The service is definitely outstanding. Everyone answers your questions and go out of their way to please you.Their recommandations were all good. We feel that we paid too much when we read the price the others have paid. We paid $349.00+tax 49.00 (no breakfast) for a room with 2 beds ,no view.Very quiet room as we requested.We stayed 3 nights on oct 16 and we would recommand it to other people if they can get a better deal.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>DublinClare
<Content>Loved the Orchard Garden Hotel We spent three enjoyable days in this hotel by default. We were travelling with 5 other friends and noticed 5 days before departure that we had booked another hotel to the one our friends were staying in. Having trawled the web we liked the look of Orchard Garden and its location. It is on Bush Street which is central(beside chinatown gate) and within a short ride of everything. It is san fran's first eco hotel(visit website).A warm welcome met us on arrival and our room (double) while a bit on the small side was perfectly formed. Extremely comfortable bed with crispy bedlinen, free Wifi, flat screen TV. Marble bathroom with good lighting and toiletries. Buffet breakfast was included in our deal,juices,breads, fruit, cheese, cold meat,excellent. Breakfast menu available at an extra cost.Staff discreet and polite.Overall this was a very positive experience for us. We felt safe and cared for. 300$/night BB  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OnlyChild29
<Content>Quiet, Clean and Oh So Comfy! If you're looking for a nice, clean quiet hotel in the midst of the hustle in San Francisco this is it. Comfortable beds and pillows and a friendly, helpful staff completed a perfect 4 night stay. Will gladly stay when I visit again. Within walking distance of BART and street cars. Extremely pleased with my well researched choice and it's even better knowing that I chose enviromentally conscious accomodations.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>spe03
<Content>Recommended! Excellent service, nice rooms (well equipped, attractive and very clean) and top location right by the gates of Chinatown and the financial district combine to make this a top choice for business or pleasure. (Well OK then - probably more likely to appeal to business travellers, given that it's not cheap for a 3-4 star hotel. Parking at 40 bucks a night also soon adds up, although that's the case pretty much anywhere downtown.) The 'greennness' is an additional nice touch.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BananaK
<Content>Lovely room, fantastic location My husband and I stayed for two nights at the beginning of October. We paid $250 per night including tax for a standard king room excluding breakfast through the hotel's website. This was the most we paid for a room on our two week holiday, but I gather hotel prices are much higher than average in San Francisco anyway. I'm glad we stayed there as the hotel was lovely, the room was well appointed. Smaller than average but not too small for us. The staff at reception and on the door were very friendly and helpful. Actually, all staff in the hotel including cleaning staff, mini-bar staff and everyone we passed in the building were particularly friendly.The hotel is in a fantastic location, just a 5 minute walk to Union Square, close (maybe 5-10 min walk) to the BART (which takes you to the airport for $5.35) and metro and close to shops and china town.I had read reviews that the rooms can be noisy so we had requested a quiet room. I was very surprised that the hotel had actually remembered my request, especially as I had booked through the website, but they gave us a quiet room (301). Because it didn't face the street the view wasn't great (just a view of a car park at the back!) but this didn't bother us at all - would much rather have a good night's sleep.Don't even think about having a car here though as the one-way streets and parking are an absolute nightmare! We hired a car for our two week holiday but gave it back when we got to San Francisco (but drove into San Francisco via the Golden Gate Bridge and took a look at Golden Gate park and Ocean Beach before going into the city centre as it's not as easy to get out here on foot or by public transport as it is to get around the city centre of course). The city centre is very easy to get around by foot and buses - particularly Union Square, the Marina, Cow Hollow, Fisherman's Wharf, Financial District, Chinatown, etc..The bus network is excellent and cheap ($1.50); your hotel can give you a map showing all bus routes.As our room rate didn't include breakfast we ate out for breakfast; once at Home Plate in Cow Hollow (lovely family-run type place, great value - food was ok) and once at Cafe De La Presse opposite the Orchard Garden Hotel (fantastic food but a little pricey).I'd definitely stay here again. I would recommend it if you are looking for comfort and convenience but not if you are looking for a cheaper option. You might be able to find something cheaper further away if you just want somewhere to lay your head.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mystycka
<Content>FANTASTIC! Can't wait to return to the Orchard Garden        Spacious room with comfy bed  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Desparately_seeking
<Content>Fabulous stay in San Francisco First off location - can't beat it. Two blocks from Union Square, slap bang next to China Town, two blocks from the Powell Street cable car and a leisurely walk to the Ferry Building or Fisherman's Wharf via Colombus Av.The rooms are not huge, but perfectly fine for a couple - we stayed five nights and it was good for us. Everything is relatively new, nice king-sized beds, super fresh, crisp, linens. Flat screen TV and DVD player, fridge, minibar, wardrobe and a really clever sliding door to the bathroom which mean't you got lots of room in there to play with.We loved the toiletries which were refreshed everyday. Plus the turndown service in the evening where we got fresh coffee for the machine.This isn't a hotel with a view, but we got a good, quiet room up on the 8th floor which we slept so well in. Other reviews of hotels in SF have complained about noise from sirens etc but this hotel was quiet as a mouse. We didn't even have any early morning wake-up calls from the housekeeping staff like we have at other hotels.The staff on the front desk were extremely helpful. Directions, advice about visiting things, recommendation for late night take aways - whoever you asked, they were very knowledgable. We didn't try the restaurant but it was surprisingly busy at lunchtime with local business people and the smells wafting from it in the evening were delicious. We stayed here during an eight month trip around the world and having stayed at a number of Hyatt's, Sheratons, Holiday Inns etc it was refreshing to stay somewhere independent, small-ish and with people who actually treat you as an individual and not a credit card walking through the door. I would highly recommend this to anyone staying in SF. We got a decent rate through expedia - it's not cheap but compared to many other hotels in SF in was good value. The free wi-fi was also excellent, fast and never went down throughout our stay.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>prink_123
<Content>Loved the Orchard Garden Hotel We loved our stay at the Orchard Garden. The location is wonderful -- next to the Chinatown Gate, close to Union Square and in the middle of fabulous restaurants. The Orchard Garden has a nice restaurant with very good food, also. The rooms aren't huge, but they are new and large enough for two people. The bathrooms are very nice. The beds were very comfortable.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SShahin
<Content>Very nice Great location, just a few doors down from Chinatown entrance and a short walk to Union Square. Nice and quiet rooms, very comfortable beds, nice furniture and appliances. Tea/coffee maker included. Staff was very friendly and relaxed. Great price for what you're getting! Would return!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cadaques12
<Content>Very nice but nothing unique This is a nice, clean hotel in a great location. The beds are also the comfiest you could ask for. For us these are among the most important attributes of the hotel - so in this regard the hotel was great.But there were a few things that it could do better. Firstly it brags about its green policy. The only sign of this we saw that was that little bit different was that it has rescycling bins for paper, plastic and trash in all rooms. It boasts about how it saves energy because it uses room cards that shut off most electrical appliances when you go out - but don't a lot of modern hotels? I jokingly mentioned this to the front desk staff and they laughed and agreed. The front desk staff, by the way, were by in large excellent.Sadly the same can not be said of the waiters at breakfast. One in particyalr was downright rude. The other, however, was delightful.Breakfast is way overpriced - one day they ran out of wholemeal bread and at $18 a day I thought this was poor. To be fair, however, front desk did send the miserable waiter out to get some.The rooms are clean, quietish and have some modern items such as ipod docking stations, plasma tvs and a good shower. All in all it was a nice hotel near the centre of san fran and very close to the BART, cable cars, main bus stops, shops and theatres. If I am honest the comfiness of the bed was worth the cost ($269) alone - bliss!Also worth noting is this is right next to Chinatown and some good restaurants.The hotel also has a nice 0if smallish) roof terrace.The lifts were also very clean and very fast! We were on the 8th floor and they took seconds.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Gailm
<Content>Excellent value and very nice hotel We liked the Orchard Garden a lot and thought it was a great value in the city. Stayed at the Orchard, their sister hotel, a few years ago and liked it also but I think we like the OG better - location seemed more convenient. BART station  Market St transportation an easy walk away. The entire staff was very friendly and helpful - in fact outstanding. The room was comfortable and everything was spotless. They sold out of the room category we booked and gave us a complimentary upgrade to a suite. The suite wasn't overly large but did have a nice sitting area - so not sure what the size of standard rooms are. The rooftop garden looked quite pleasant and they encourage people to visit it and take a drink or food up there if they wish to. The breakfast buffet in the hotel was okay but not outstanding. We had drinks in the bar during happy hour and complimentary appetizers which were actually quite tasty. The drinks are expensive but with the appetizers, overall it was fine - we were interested in a light dinner and as it turned out we didn't need to go out anywhere to eat after that. All in all, we were very glad that we stayed here and would do so again.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Stephers
<Content>Fruitful stay at the Orchard Gardne       Night time view from the roof garden  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>imasianplum
<Content>Just Average I wasn't overly impressed with the Orchard Garden Hotel. They are at a good location and I think it's great that they are all about GREEN. To save energy, the room lights only turn on when you put your room key card in a slot - cool idea. They have recyling bins in the room. I didn't like the bathroom sliding door. It wasn't a door that sealed shut (it's like a panel that slides in front of the open space where a door would be) so it didn't feel completely private. One of the front desk guys was not particularly friendly. The business center was a very small room with 2 computers and a printer that didn't print. The lobby has 2 small couches and not a lot of space to hang out. Ice machines are on every other floor and no signs pointing you to where they are so I had to roam the halls. My mom was in another room and had a couple of items taken (face cremes) when the room was cleaned. This place was no big deal and somewhat disappointing.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	3	3	2	2	

<Author>dkeith
<Content>One of the best anywhere I found this hotel after browsing TripAdvisor for top rated San Francisco hotels. This property was in the top 10 and the rating is well deserved. The Orchard Garden is very well presented from the entrance/lobby to the very clean room with a full range of amenities.Room size was more than adequate. All staff were friendly and helpful and really made this place feel like home while spending a week in San Francisco. Location is within a few feet of the China Town gate, i.e. reasonably central, and made a great base for exploring the City and surrounding area. It was a 10 minute walk from the BART station and hence easily accessible from the airport. At 80 rooms this is stretching the boutique hotel definition but the amount of lobby traffic felt comfortable without being hectic. Areas for improvement - 1) the in-room coffee makers are single serving models that always seem to provide a weak cup of coffee wherever I've come across them and 2) had to run the water a bit in the morning to get it hot. This however is nit-picking as ,from my view, this is hotel of choice for San Francisco regardless of cost -which,in the case of the Orchard Garden ,was quite reasonable for downtown SF. BTW -the sister property also looked nice.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>spwinaz
<Content>Wonderful find in great location!       View from roof  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ninabruja06
<Content>Wonderful Stay My husband and I stayed here as the last part of our Honeymoon in California. I saw that it was a green hotel and thought that was really cool so I booked two nights there. We arrived and were greeted by the front desk staff. We arrived a few hours before check-in but they had no problem finding us a room that was ready. The rooms are a little small but are very nicely decorated. The lights and AC are controlled by your keycard. Right next to the door is a slot you put your keycard in and it turns on the lights and AC in the room. When you leave, take the keycard out and it goes off. How clever is that! :)We got a king suite facing the street. I'm a pretty light sleeper and I was not bothered by the noise from the street. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was pretty big. The breakfast in the morning was decent. Pastries, crossiants, and fruit mostly. No eggs or potatoes. Breakfast is included if you bought it with your room. If you didn't include in your room price it is $14 dollars and is definitely not worth the money. The hotel is convinient to chinatown and union square.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WestVanMan
<Content>Worth checking out....... very pleasant stay We four, parents and two older teens enjoyed a wonderful stay at the Orchard Garden Hotel recently. Two attractions led us there. One, we stayed at the Orchard Hotel up the street, which is it's 'parent hotel', several years ago which was rated #1 at the time on tripadvisor and two, the Orchard Garden claimed to be the first 'green' hotel in California. For me, that counts and being an architect, I was curious to find out how this was achieved. Also, with the popularity of the Orchard and the time that has passed since we were last there, the rates at the Orchard were somewhat higher than at this new hotel.First, the location. It's close to the parent hotel, being on Bush St. and literally two doors down from the Chinatown Gate on Grant. That puts the hotel about 2 1/2 blocks from Union Square. Having stayed at a few hotels in the area, I would have to say this is a particularly good location as it is quiet being away from the tourist madness and cable cars of Powell St. yet close enough to find good places to eat and of course shop. Plus the street front itself is not congested with tourists.The hotel itself is quite tastefully done with interiors designed in a contemporary style with light coloured wood panelling and flooring. It was very clean throughout. The Ground Floor has the reception area, business centre (two computers), a small windowless exercise room with 3 machines, elevator lobby (2 elevators), but is largely occupied by the Roots restaurant which is also where the complimentary breakfast buffet is served (more on that later). We arrived early and staff were more than happy to check our luggage and called us when the room was ready. They provide to the room the SF Chronicle and at the front desk, the Wall St. Journal.We landed the top, 10th floor with a view down to Grant Street and adjacent towers, but not much else. The room however was very nice, but not large by any means. Again in light coloured finishes, there was a useful, long built-in shelf along the flat screen TV wall which also incorporated several drawers and the mini bar. The TV selection also included high def channels. Internet connection is wireless and free. There were two queen beds with nice bedding and appointments. There was also enough room for an armchair. The bathroom was quite nice, using a space saving sliding door, and was adequately lit. Toiletries included Aveda shampoo and Thymes conditioners and lotions which come in biodegradeable containers. Towels were nice cotton towels, but I thought should have been bamboo if green was the intent. All in all, a very comfortable room, but maybe not quite as well appointed as the rooms in it's parent, the Orchard Hotel. The 'green' aspects of the hotel don't jump out at you and perhaps that's how it should be. However other than sourcing building materials from the region, using some recycled materials and minimizing landfill debris, there are few unique aspects of the hotel that make it green. It's no Federal Building, a new very green building near Civic Centre, but then hotels don't really lend themselves well to being truely green without spending alot of money on which it would be very difficult to realize a profitable return. And as it turns out, on the LEED scale of rating green buildings, it just barely qualifies.Finally, the complimentary breakfast. Nothing to write home about and perhaps for me the least impressive/most disappointing 'feature' of the hotel. While the fare was certainly adequate, the choice, variety and inventiveness was quite pedestrian, especially given the effort made to make this a sustainable hotel I would have expected the breakfast to be more interesting. There's the regular juices and coffee. One selection of cold cut (ham) and sliced cheese, some fresh fruit, usually watermelon and cantaloupe, baked goods like bagels, sliced bread, small muffins and I think small croissants, although they were akin to those you might find in a supermarket. Cereal and hard boiled eggs pretty much rounded it out. The plates provided were rather small, perhaps limiting the take one might have. It was pretty much the same every day during our 4 days there. We did not have dinner here.Perhaps I'm dwelling too much on the breakfast and it is certainly not a deal breaker for this hotel. We had a very enjoyable stay here and would definitely recommend anyone to seriously consider the Orchard Garden. We would definitely come back here, but not because it's 'green'.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Squads
<Content>Decent Hotel; Great Location I thought this was an above average hotel in a fantastic location.Room: Modern, clean, very comfortable and quiet rooms. They are slightly small but this is typical for hotels I have stayed in in SF. The discreet in-room recycling bins were a nice touch.Hotel Facilities: Not much. There is a very small fitness room and 'business centre'. We didn't use the restaurant - there are excellent dinning options very near by. The staff were helpful. Location: Great location near Union Square and Chinatown. SF is a very easy city to explore - tip: buy a MUNI pass and use it hop on and off the regular busses and the cable cars, too!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>wilbo-wanderer
<Content>Not as "WOW" as I expected Ok - so I had just traveled rom the UK, driven from the airport and was tired. From previous reviews I was expecting to be blown away but It was OK. Room was abit on the small side, recptio area uninspiring and staff a little distant. Views fro shared balcony disappointing. Location great for Chinatown. Dining area empty early evening so uninviting. Not sure about the green credentials - did not seem much better than your average hotel.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>NickyLondonUK
<Content>Relax in the Orchard Ideal place for stay with 2 teenagers -after 3 weeks touring it was good to sink into the room comforts of the Orchard. It is in walking distance of shops,good places to eat and site seeing.We all found the area safe to be in and loved being so near to the bustle of the city centre,trams and China Town. Great to return to the peace of the hotel . It lived up to expectations and was exactly as described. My two appreciated free online access and the gym. I would have appreciated some snack/drink complimentaries for them along with the tea/coffee rather than keeping them away from the mini bar priced goodies! (They had enjoyed a great menu of complimentaries during our stay at hotel in Hollywood and felt this would have put the Orchard up in their rating of the top city places we had stayed -as such it took second place!)Front of line staff always willing and helpful.Would definitely recommend and return.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Four_4_the_Road
<Content>Great room, nice staff Expensive but very nice. Location near Chinatown, Downtown, and cable cars was terrific. Room was clean and attractive, and the beds were really comfortable. Staff at front desk was very friendly and helpful (for example, on restaurant recommendations). Breakfast was good but not cheap.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Anne5757
<Content>First Class We spent 3 nights at Orchard Garden. Classy hotel, lovely room. Extremely convenient location.Staff are wonderful, very efficient and helpful. Offered lots of tips about places to visit - in San Francisco and nearby.Can't comment re the food as we didn't eat in.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Darnie
<Content>Good location, friendly staff The hotel was excellent at booking in guaranteeing adjoining rooms for us and our children. Everywhere else we had been on our two week road trip we were simply offered best efforts which really doesn't suffice with three children.We found the hotel well located for our requirements. Walking is easy (once you get used to the hills!) and taxis were well priced. The rooms were spacious and comfortable. There are DVD players in the rooms and a small library at the Front Desk so it was good to watch Escape from Alcatraz with the children!The staff at the front desk were friendly and helpful. If you use the valet parking it's quite expensive and it took about 30 minutes for our car to arrive when we left - so you may find it better to abandon your car before you come into the City.We didn't eat or drink in the hotel - it looked pleasant enough but we chose to take in variety elsewhere.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>enzopdoodle
<Content>Great stay We enjoyed our two-night stay at the Orchard Garden. Our room was large and quiet. All the amenities were perfect, and we liked the fact that it was a green hotel. The breakfast was a special treat. Billed as a European-style breakfast, it includes cereals, breads, fruits, meats, cheeses, and hard-boiled eggs--just what we needed to start our day. We would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Desert_Lizard
<Content>Go Green If you are looking for a clean, comfortable, green hotel in a great location, this is the place for you. It is right around the corner from China Town and a short walk from Union Square. The beds were so comfortable, I did not want to get up in the morning. If you need ice, check the 7th floor in a closet. =) I found out the hard way.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>benmills
<Content>Great all round experience I agonized over which hotel to choose for our 10 year anniversary. I finally decided on the Orchard Garden and I don't regret my decision at all. The hotel gets a thumbs up for:* Very clean, well appointed room.* Extremely helpful staff* Great location (close to Union square, Chinatown and North Beach).* It really is a very green hotel. Not just made up stuff to market themselves as green.My only very minor complaints are:* The wireless internet connection was terrible in my room. I had to resort to a wired connection, which worked fine.* While the room was incredibly quiet, I felt like the other room doors banged a little loud at night. It would be great if they could install some kind of quiet close device. Please don't let this put you off. I'm a bit picky about noise issues and the room was very quiet.* The rooms are a touch narrow. This didn't bother me at all, but it might bother some people.The continental breakfast was good, but I wouldn't recommend getting it as part of your room rate. I got a little tired of the continental breakfast after 3 or 4 days, but I didn't want to pay full price for the cooked breakfast when I already had the free continental breakfast. You can always pay for the continental breakfast if you want it and you're not really getting any discount by including it in your room rate.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ababychicken
<Content>Amazingly comfortable bed Spacious and Quiet! I was in SF for business and was relieved to have such a pleasant place to rest my head. I had a room facing Bush st. and never heard any noise for the 6 nites I was there. The mattress is amazingly comfortable. The fact that this is a eco-friendly hotel makes high marks too. The location is great for exploring Chinatown. The staff is very friendly and accomodating. The only suggestion I would have for them is to offer more TV channels.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ptarantino
<Content>Great boutique hotel Good value in San Francisco.We enjoyed our fournight stay at the Orchard Garden, it's one of the firstgreen hotels in the United States. The room wasspacious, clean and quiet, even though our room was on the second floor facing the street. The staff was veryfriendly and helpful. The hotel is located near theChinatown Gate and within a few blocks from UnionSquare and the Cable Car line which provides transportation to nearly all tourist venues.If possible, leave your car athome, otherwise plan on spending $50 or more on parking per day.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jal_lead
<Content>Orchard Garden Hotel, San Francisco I stayed at the Orchard Garden Hotel, San Francisco from 12 - 15th July 2008. We found the hotel to be excellent. The service was great, the hotel was very clean, very quiet and had free internet access in their business centre. The bed and pillows were very comfortable and the staff were all very polite.The hotel, built in 2006, is the first hotel in America to use the room key to turn on the electricity in the room therefore saving electricity when you leave the room because you take the room key with you! We found this a bit funny because we've been using this technology in Australia for at least 25 years.It is just at the bottom of China Town and very close to the trolley cars, but it is also only a few blocks from the centre of town where you could catch all different types of public transport. We didn't eat at the hotel restaurant beacause there were so many other places to eat, so can't comment on their food.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FrancesIsrael
<Content>Good value in great location Really nice, smallish hotel in great location right near China Town gate! Nice rooms, very clean, modern bright decor. Very friendly  helpful staff. Added bonus - ecologically friendly, a real green hotel!! Frances, Israel  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hhs_50
<Content>Great Green Hotel We spent the last night of our vacation in California at the Orchard Garden Hotel in San Francisco. The hotel is considered Eco-friendly and not only are sustainable materials used throughout but also various containers for recycling paper, and plastic are located in the room. The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. The front desk was efficient. We had a cocktail in the lounge at Roots and the bartender was also very friendly. The doorman was so determined to make sure we got a Taxi to get us to dinner on time that he went down the street to hail one during rush hour. The room was clean, bright and quiet. We would definitely stay there again on the next trip into the city.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hailes family
<Content>WOW! A good experience Stayed at Orchard Garden, Bush Street, for two nights in July 2008.Following comments from some Trip Advisor members, we requested high rooms at back of hotel to avoid street noise. The hotel allocated 1001 and 1002 which are the highest and rearmost rooms available. These were amazingly quiet! The rooms were very high quality and matched our requirements exactly. This was the only hotel out of six in North America that let us re-use our towels (many hotels have signs in the bathrooms that suggest you should re-use the towels to save the environment - this was the only one that didn't change the towels even though we hung them on the towel rail in every hotel expecting to reuse them).We used the hotel restaurant for breakfasts and were pleasantly surprised by quality of breakfast. Hotel is a resonably easy walk up from BART Montgomery Street station, so transfer to/from airport was comparatively easy using public transport. I walked to the tourist trap areas of Cannery Row and Pier 39 in 20 minutes from the hotel; Market Street is about 5 minutes.Would I stay again - yes!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Atraveller46
<Content>Very Comfortable stay - ideally located Chose the Orchard Garden (after reading reviews on Trip Advisor) for a recent trip to SF. Excellent location, no road noise (we were on the ninth floor) and although the view wasn't great we were impressed with the cleanliness, helpful staff and reasonable breakfast. The Alamo / national car rental garage is easily within walking distance on Bush St.Would definitely stay here again and recommend it to friends / family.Also recommend Sears for food! (just off Union Square)  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>gaucherp
<Content>Very nice hotel well located       room  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dgreener
<Content>Perfect hotel - the best! Clean, beautiful, classy. In San Francisco, a great deal too. We paid $204 per night (AAA) excluding tax, for a room with 2 double beds. Non-smoking, eco-friendly, CLEAN, small rooms (but typical size for the city). We had a 2nd floor room on the Bush Street side, and I cannot believe how quiet it was - almost weird how sound-proof the windows were. Very comfortable beds too. Be sure to grab Starbucks (across the street, on both corners) and take it to the roof-top garden in the morning. Visit the bar in the hotel restaurant (Roots) and have a fantastic free appetizer (garlic fries) during happy hour (4:30-7:00 p.m.). Avoid the pseudo-french cafe directly across the street though - $$$, so-so food, and poor service.Close to Chinatown, Union Square, North Beach, cable cars, BART, Embarcadero, etc. We ate in North Beach every night (walked) and had outstanding meals (try Franchino's) and really great gelato. The walk to North Beach from the Orchard is about 15-20 minutes (Bush to Kearney to Columbus) or about a $5 cab fare.Recommend the evening tour of Alcatraz too - even if you've been on the standard day tour, check out the evening version...special presentations, less crowded, city lights - it's awesome! HornBlower on Pier 33 is the only way to go ($30 per ticket) - and about $6 cab fare.Walk the Bay Area Ridge Trail through the Presidio (free). A great urban trail that winds through forested and historic sections of the park, and culminates with amazing ocean views from the battery bluffs, and a trip across the Golden Gate bridge. Total out-and-back round trip from the Arguello Gate, including across the bridge is about 8 miles, so plan on a 4 hour walk if your fit...and if you're not fit, go anyway. Cab fare from the Orchard to the Arguello Gate is about $8.The Orchard Garden staff is extremely polite, friendly, and helpful. If you need a cab, directions, or anything at all, they'll help. We're a very discerning family, and my travel goal is to find the cleanest places at the best prices - so I don't just throw praise around casually. You won't be disappointed here unless you want to stay where you smell churros from Pier 39 all night.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>WisconsinsFinest
<Content>Loved the Orchard Garden Hotel Everything about my stay at the Orchard Garden Hotel was perfect. I arrived for business with an associate of mine. Upon pulling up in the car, we were greeted by a doorman, who took our luggage and the keys. The front desk was fast and efficient. The helpful bellman had our bags to our rooms in a jif. After going out for dinner, I met a couple friends in the bar at Roots for a cocktail. The bartender was very friendly. He helpfully answered all of our questions about the city. My bed was extremely comfortable and the mattress was excellent. I got a great night's sleep. I also love the fact that the hotel is green and that they do whatever it takes to save energy and conserve water. I had the experience of dining at Roots for lunch the following day. The organic restaurant is excellent. I had a grilled cheese with tomato soup - yummy, yummy. I will definitely stay at the Orchard Garden on my next trip to the city and highly recommend it's convenient location.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jkilly
<Content>Jewel of a Hotel in the center of everything. The Orchard Garden is a small hotel with a clean decor that leans more towards modern, but a traditionalist would still feel comfortable in. It is a perfect location. You can even take Bart from the airport and ride to the Montgommery Station, walk 4 blocks and you're there. An oasis awaits. Enjoy!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>likeshesaid
<Content>Great Hotel What a great find!!! We took our first trip to SF over spring break and loved the hotel. The staff is incredibly helpful, the rooms are small but very nice, and I love the idea of a green hotel. The rooms even have guides of environmentally friendly shops and restaurants along with recycling bins. Its also in a great location as its right next to Chinatown and a 5-10 min walk to a ton of great restaurants and shops.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nitsan
<Content>3 days in SF We spent 3 nights in the hotel and it was excellent.The staff is friendly, the rooms are well decorated and the location is fabulous - right next to Chinatown and Union square.Two small things that can be improved:1. There was not enough storage space in our room so most of our stuff had to remain in our luggage.2. There are not enough towel hangers in our bathroom.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>YankeeFan61
<Content>Loved the Orchard Garden Hotel Wonderful boutique hotel right in the heart of San Francisco. Close to Union Square, Chinatown, trolley cars. Staff is top notch. Rooms were tastefully appointed (nice having an iPod dock) and a large bathroom! Look forward to our next visit.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>travel1910
<Content>Very Pleasant Stay! My niece and I shared a great corner room at the Orchard Garden Hotel for four nights. The room was spacious, clean and had great comfortable beds! We really enjoyed the spa-like feel - it was a joy to come back to our room at the end of our busy day. Perfect location for sightseeing, shopping, and dining - close to Union Square, next door to China Town gates, easy to grab public transportation. The staff was friendly and very helpful. We enjoyed dining at the french bistro across the street - Cafe de la Presse. Impressed by the hotel's green' policies and practices. Also, I booked a great rate - felt like I really got more than my money's worth. The rooftop terrace is nice - but the weather was a little too chilly! I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Kdawger
<Content>Great Green Hotel Clean, clean, clean!!! For the money in San Fran, you can't beat this place, plus they are environmentally friendly! We will definitely be back when we return! Right next to China Town and across from an amazing French restaurant with great lunches and croissants for the am! The staff were amazing and the bed so comfy. Room is small but do not write this place off because of that. This place was cleaner than some 4 and 5 star places I have been to. $38/day for parking (normal for SF) but they valet it for you and will get your car as many times as you need in 15-20 minutes, no problem! No other hidden fees like some other places we've been to.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>colaprete
<Content>Great hotel in a great location We just returned from from our stay at the Orchard Garden Hotel in San Francisco. The hotel is in a great location, in walking distance to everything. The hotel was very clean (felt like brand new), very quiet, the beds were very comfortable with down comforters and the hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. We would definitely return. We also liked the French cafe across the street for breakfast or for the afternoon snack.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>FlowOz
<Content>Fantastic! Apart from the check-in mix up (we were sent to the wrong room - someone was still staying there!), we had a wonderful time!The hotel was located close to Union Square (it was closer the Orchard Hotel). The staff was polite, helpful and wonderful (they even let us borrowed their staff microwave). Not to mention they provided free internet service (they got WiFi too but bringing a laptop to the States was such a hassle). The room was clean and tidy.What more do you want?  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	2	5	4	

<Author>dskuh
<Content>Would Definitely Stay Here Again! The Orchard Garden Hotel was perfect for our stay (just two of us - getaway from the kids for a weekend.) The location was great - gateway to Chinatown, walking distance to Embarcadero and Ferry Building, SOMA and Union Square. Cafe De La Presse right across the street for nice breakfast and the best lattes. Rooms were small, but wonderfully clean and neat. Bathroom was almost as big as the bedroom, but it was nice to have a separate shower and bathtub (we stayed in a Jr. Suite.) It was nice to see they had trash  paper recycling. Bed was very comfortable with crisp, white sheets. All the staff we talked to were pleasant and professional. I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Goonie3323
<Content>Wonderful Hotel       View from our suite  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Blaize76
<Content>One of my favorite hotels ever! The minimalist attitude of the hotel design is comfortable and relaxing after a busy day walking the streets of San Francisco. The flat screen tv, eco-friendly amenities and comfortable bed were a great respite in a busy city. Their restaurant has wonderful food all with a sustainable bent. The atmosphere was calm and relaxing at the gates to China Town. The only negative was that I could hear the garbage truck during the night, but I wouldn't have traded me view even with the noise.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ntguru911
<Content>Fantastic hotel; great location and price       Bathroom  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Lorenzo71
<Content>Great bed at the Orchard The Orchard hotel has a great location right next to the China Town gate, yet out room was very quiet.The bed was the best we have ever experienced in a hotel and the facitilies in our room cover all you would need for an enjoyable stay.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>c-dizzle
<Content>Loved the Orchard Garden Hotel We stayed here for 3 nights recently and absolutely loved everything about this hotel. The location is fantastic. It is within walking distance of Union Square, cablecars, Embarcadero and Chinatown is virtually at the doorstep. The beds are extremely comfortable. The best bed I have experienced in a hotel. I loved the decor and the colours used in the rooms it is contemporary but also very homely. We enjoyed coming back to our room every night! The room was very quiet, no city noise at all, we were on a high floor. Free wireless internet was great. We used this a lot. Turndown service a nice touch. Service at the hotel was everything I would have expected. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a good value hotel in a good location in San Francisco.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BKz
<Content>Loved this hotel This green hotel is beautiful. It is located in an area that is charming (Chinatown) and is close to transportation. We travel quite a bit and would give this hotel the best rating, would stay there again, and will tell others about it.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LadyJulie
<Content>Very friendly hotel We enjoyed our stay at the Orchard Garden Hotel and loved the location convenient to great restaurants, shopping, The Embarcadero, and public transportation. The hotel staff were always friendly, greeting us as we left and returned. They were also great at making recommendations for places to eat and the best way to get somewhere.We liked the modern and comfortable look of the hotel and rooms. Our room was smaller than we were used to, but was well appointed and comfortable. The bathroom was a good size and clean, and the shower/tub was very roomy. It would have been nice to have a window that opened to save the air conditioning and assist with the green aspect. We are always happy to stay in a totally smoke-free hotel!We would stay here again when returning to San Francisco.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Clara58
<Content>i don't recommend this hotel. My room was extremely noisy... not unexpected for a city hotel but I could actually hear conversations of people passing by or standing in front of the hotel.The hotel is lovely, clean and the staff are friendly but if you can't sleep it's very difficult to recommend a hotel.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>greengirl345
<Content>Repeat customer for sure--outstanding hotel! We absolutely LOVED this hotel!! And we'll plan to stay again and let our friends know about the Orchard Garden.+First, it's GREEN and LEED certified+The rooms were spacious+Bed was comfortable+Hotel is quiet, but in a GREAT location!+Garden deck on top is fun for a private cocktail!+Wireless internet was free and easy to use+Complimentary coffee in the lobby was a plus!+Passes to 24-hour fitness 3 blocks away was great-Parking was expensive at $38/day, and it took about 30 minutes for them to retrieve our car (they use a 3rd party for that).  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>earlyriser75
<Content>It was our Home away from Home We stayed for 4 nights. Everything about it was perfect! Ross checked us in with a friendly smile and with great enthusiasm. The room was larger than we expected. It had a king bed, desk with chair and dresser. The bathroom was huge! The room was clean and the bed was extremely comfortable. Probably one of the most comfortable beds I've slept in away from home. The extra touches were very appreciated such as morning news paper and turn down service. I also liked the fact that the alarm clock charged/played our ipod.We would definately stay here again :-)  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lovetotravel0510
<Content>Excellent Hotel! This hotel was absolutely wonderful. It was clean and fresh and totally green. The location was perfect. The service was friendly. We would stay here again and again. It made our trip wonderful to have such a great place to stay.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Carpentermom
<Content>Traveling in green style.. The Orchard Garden gets the three stars for meeting my top criteria for a hotel1. Clean (If a room is not clean I will complain our room was spotless)2. Great bed (Not every hotel has a 'Four Seasons like bed this hotel comes very close)3. Value (OG) does a good job of giving value we paid 259. plus tax and all the extra charges per night for two nights with two days parking$44 per day( ouch!) One dinner, one lunch for party of three our total bill was around $770 No real view but there are many places in town to visit for a great view. Small room but still ok.4. Location (Good location)walking to public trans cable car ride, bus,taxi.5.Staff good and just ok... Night shift was very nice helpful. Day shift hit and miss doorman very good but no one explained my room package on our check in which included breakfast buffet and 20% off other dining at ROOTS . On check out I had to ask for the 20%adjustment (twice)! There was not a problem they happily made the adjustment but still had to ask for it which may be hard for other to do or even notice.The breakfast buffet was good but could be better. Please add fresh berries, (trader Joes carries organic strawberries almost year round???whole grain bagels, bran muffins and yogurt. A hotel proclaiming eco friendly but not offering whole grain breads and/or bran muffins on its breakfast buffet???????. Very yummy scones but needed some wholegrains!!!!Wine list is not great but it has full bar. Dinner in hotel was good not great but solid good. service ok...Tips for hotel to improve!I loved the idea of the hotel trying to cut travel industry waste and applaud and will stay with them again for that. Loved the lights out idea with card by door it also help that where did I put that card key anyway feeling!!!They can step it up by not giving such tiny shampoo but adjusting size depending on stay. A few extra amenities make guest feel like they can have a spa like feeling in these simple rooms, SHOWER GEL!!!!!at least no one uses bar soap anymore really! Extra blanket in closet for those who would rather tuck in instead of turn up the heat. Offer filtered water so that guest do not need to purchase bottled water, you can sell reusable drink containers to make up the profit loss!DVD collection is a real bust come on... Pick up a few SAN FRAN classics Birdman of Alcatraz, Mrs Doutfire, Vertigo, and any San Francisco history DVD's.Its not that hard to build a great DVD collection with a few new titles in the mix... Why advertise offering free in room dvd's if all you have is old but not classic b movies?Towel heaters needed in rooms would help cut use of towels and a great touch since heat goes off when you leave room. Reuseable canvas bags for laundry and other items with hotel logo would help promote hotel (see [-] )Train all staff!!!! I realize many our new since this is a new hotel. TRAINING IS IMPORTANT DO NOT CUT BACK ON TRAINING! Explain the system of logging into internet not just handing a small piece a paper with code on it. Take a moment to show guest around.I called the day before my arrival asking if there was a car rental place nearby and staff responded they were not in rental business and too busy to ask someone else ??????? This was a rude response and put me off and I almost canceled my reservation. I am glad I did not!Need essential items in mini bar extra toothbrush, or toothpaste Advil or aspirin.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lazarina
<Content>Pleasant stay. We had chosen the Orchard Garden Hotel based on the high number of positive reviews. We travelled with two children and were very comfortable in two adjoining rooms on the 8th floor, with one room being a suite. The beds were extremely comfortable, and there was a long desk with mini bar, and a good shower/bath in the bathroom. We found it inconvenient that the bathroom had nowhere to keep a toiletry kit, except by the sink. A shelf or small table would have helped.The breakfast was included and was a basic buffet with juices, a fruit basket, a bread basket , boiled eggs and olives! The location was terrific for Union Square and its shopping, as well as for downtown Embarcadero.Overall we were happy to have stayed there.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>David063
<Content>Wonderful Stay in the City, with minor suggestions The Orchard Garden is terrific hotel in a fantastic location. Walking distance to the top of Nob Hill, while also an easy walk to the Ferry Building. Nice people, excellent service. Very comfortable beds and quiet, spacious room. Reasonable price under $200 over the weekend, too. I didn't visit the restaurant, nor use the fitness equipment. Spent time in the city instead. I would only recommend one thing: the rooftop terrace could benefit from some improvement. In my opinion, if you do a rooftop space, it should make guests feel comfortable and be an oasis within the city. See Hotel Vitale in SF or Hotel Giraffe in NY. Great rooftops. When we visited the Orchard Garden's rooftop at night, the lighting didn't work. It also didn't have much landscaping and wasn't very inviting overall. It didn't even really fit with the the atmosphere for the rest of the hotel. But, I really like this hotel overall and it will get my first call for my next visit. Everything else was great and price and location are hard to beat.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>steve_randomno
<Content>Great HQ for SF visit Stayed 4 nights with partner for mixture of business and leisure.Main things we liked were:-decor - this hotel is brand new, the building the decor, everything-room - plasma TV, great marble style bathroom, eficient and quiet aircon, light and airy room -helpful and friendly staffWe probably had the smallest room in the hotel (based on the plans on the back of the door) it would have been nice to have had a larger room but it wasn't enough of an issue to ask to be moved. Thus the size of the most rooms must be quite large (estimated at 350-400 sqft).There is a nice patio area on the top floor with some good views of the city.Free wireless.An encounter that illustrates the helpful service at this hotel:On our last night we fancied going out for a burger. It had to be a burger, nothing else would do! It was quite late and we spotted whom we assumed to be the bar manager having a chat to one of his collegues outside the front of the hotel. We asked about the best place to get a burger considering it was quite late. His sugestions were useful. However given that it was getting on he offered to rustle up a good burger for us in the hotel restaurant if we did not want to chance being too late. This was nice as the hotel restaurant is not realy aimed at the quick burger and fries market! Nevertheless, we had an extreemly nice burger and a glass of wine in the elegant surroundings of the hotel restaurant and with excellent and helpfull service. It is little things like that that make me want to return. A case study in good customer service.The location is probably the best base for exploring the city. See my other review of the older sister hotel, The Orchard, a couple of blocks away.If you want a great value,high quality hotel in the heart of SF, look no further.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sparks5311
<Content>Loved the Orchard Garden The staff was really nice and helpfull. The hotel was really clean and very comfortable. We had dinner at Roots and really loved it. We highly recommend the Steak dinner, it was delicious!The location was great, however, the parking was a little hectic and pricey there. We would stay there again, hands down!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>traveller33Ireland
<Content>Comfortable hotel with a great location The hotel is in a great location less than ten minutes walk from Union square and about three minutes from the tram stop.The hotel was spotless and the staff very friendly.There is lots of places to eat and drink within one minute from the hotel and there is a starbucks across the road.The beds were extremely comfortable and the hotel is very quiet at night.We had a standard room with no view but that was ok for us.Car parking (valet) at the hotel is expensive at 33 dollars per night so we parked just up the road is Stockton Sutter car park for less than half that.Overall a really good hotel at a reasonable price.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	3	-1	5	

<Author>ima-nor-cal-gal
<Content>Charming and Peaceful Everything went without a hitch from the moment we pulled up to the valet to the moment we said goodbye to the valet.I am particularly impressed that this is a Green hotel and lives up to it's philosophy and standards.The room was lovely, serene, comfortable and quiet, and very clean. The staff was friendly and helpful and available if needed. The bed was comfortable as were the pillows. There was a flat screened TV on the wall, a DVD player, a CD player, and lots of fun stuff to read. The bar was cozy and Darrin was fun and accommodating. Hotel is in a prime location. We had breakfast downstairs at Roots and the food was very good, as was the service. Don't miss the roof garden. You can take your coffee or drink up there and enjoy the views. Kudos to the entire staff. We shall return.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Gooch26
<Content>honest review My girlfriend and i stayed at this hotel for 5 nights at the end of march.after a long flight from ireland it was lovely to be greeted with a smile as we arrived and checked in. for the five days we where there the hotel staff where very helpfull but the where just really nice and friendly people.the room itself was interesting, americans make a big deal out of Green key cards this is common in europe and has been for years so im not going to get too excited about that.the best thing about the room was the bed! wow huge and very comfortable.the room is not big but its a city centre hotel they are never big.the down points where the bathroom.(1) a sliding door that dose not fully close. this really bugged me (2) the shower was terrible being green is fine but it still has to meet basic requirements and to be honest my girlfriend thought that she would have a better chance washing her hair in the rain.i think the big winner in this hotel is its location and its staff.you are close to everything and a short cab ride from fishermans warff.if i was to pick a hotel to stay in again i would have to consider somewhere else because a hotel is supposed to cover basic needs like showering which as silly as it might sound really got on our nerves .  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lashimo
<Content>Amazing Bed The best bed I've ever been in - went all the way to San Francisco from Florida and just napped!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lagunatravel
<Content>Pleasant City Hotel. Good Location. The rooms are compact but well organized with very comfortable beds and pillows, good lighting and adequate storage. There is a flat screen TV and free wireless connection in a spotless, modern setting. The bathrooms are well appointed with Aveda products. The water pressure seemed weak, perhaps to save water.The windows do not open which is a drawback when you just want fresh air. Although the AC/heating system worked well, it was very noisy. Also, avoid a room with an adjoining room door. The doors are not very soundproof, but the efficient staff moved us right away to a quieter room. We also prefer the rooms facing the street than some of the rooms that have the wall of another building as your view.The buffet breakfast was disappointing and boring. Better to get a rate without breakfast and eat elsewhere (french cafe across the street). Also, the gym is very small and claustrophobic.In many respects we prefer their sister hotel, but the hotel's LEEDcertification and emphasis on sustainability is very appealing. Hopefully, it will become the industry standard. Overall, the staff was very helpful and friendly making our stay enjoyable.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>keepinitreal9874
<Content>Perfect Hotel Great hotel and good price and location. Loved the modern decor and the beds were great. Not a single complaint about the hotel. There are good restaurants nearby, Union square is not far, and there is public transportation within walking distance. Would definitely recommend.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>supermanxxx
<Content>Lovely Hotel and Staff The hotel is very nice in many ways. The hotel is new and a green building. The staff is wonderful. We arrived very late and hungry. Dennis checked us in very quickly and directed us to a nice place to eat late at night. The location is perfect. At the most, it is 2 blocks from most of the things you would want to go to. When is San Francisco, this is the place to be in.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>USAophile
<Content>Green credentials This is a new hotel that claims a range of green features, some of which seemed to be stretching the point somewhat. However it was a pleasant stay with particularly firendly and helpful staff. Minus points were the size of the bedroom (small); a sliding door on the bathroom that didn't have any pretence at privacy; high bar prices ($14 for a glass of wine) and exorbitant parking charges ($37 per day) when there were public facilities on the same block (for $24 a day.)Overall, good but not exceptional enough to make me want to go back. Darrin, the bar steward would make me want to go back though, just for the entertainment value. He was a scream!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>casBoulder
<Content>Very good hotel Quite green. For example room key card put near door inside room turns on and off the electrial equipment in the room, automatic turn down of thermostat upon leaving the room. Comfortable beds, high-quality towels and bedding, good well-located, good European breakfast was included for us, generally very efficient and warm service.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>kckaye
<Content>Great Hotel! My husband and I recently stayed at the Orchard Garden Hotel. We were pleasantly suprised at the quality of the services provided at the hotel. We did not rent a car for our stay in San Fran, so we cannot comment on the parking rates. The location was close to the BART Montgomery station. Just a few blocks away and close enough to walk to.The staff are very friendly. The greeted us every morning when we left and every evening when we returned to the hotel. They were also very helpful in providing maps, directions, and assistance when asked. Always with a smile on their faces. The room itself was cozy. Not small. It was enough room for my husband and myself. We also requested to be away from the noise and got a room that didn't have that great of a view, but since we didn't plan on staying in the hotel room for htat long, this did not matter much to us at all. The bathroom was a nice size as well.One thing that both my husband and I were really impressed with was the hotel's move to being green. My husband has a knack for forgetting to turn off lights as he leaves a room, so the 'lightswitch' that can only be activated by hotel key was a nice touch. This comes in really handy for two reasons: it helps conserve energy by being able to control all the lights with one switch, but it also helps you to always remember where your room key is, and allows you to 'turn off' your lights as you leave the room for the day. -- GREAT FEATUREMy husband and I were not impressed with the prices of the minibar, but they are usually always expensive. We also didn't use the the room service or restaurant, again fo rthe prices. We had Subway Sandwiches form across the street because they were selling footlong sandwiches for 5 dollars. So it is hard to compete with that. But hotel prices for food are also usally high to begin with. Overall, we enjoyed this hotel. We would definately stay there again when we come back to San Francisco.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>humejon
<Content>"Great Stay" The whole process was very simple from start to finish. Starting with an easy check in and up to room 707 (king w/ a view of Bush St). The room is decorated very cleanm and tasteful. Everything felt very clean. This is the main ingredient for me when looking for a hotel; clean and comfortable. Overall the stay was great, except one thing that frustrated me on the last night my girlfriend and i were there. We wanted to go to dinner in the mission on a date before we met up with friends and when i asked the Conceirge where he would suggest he looked at me like I had five heads (most upper scale hotels are spot on when it comes to suggesting restaurants). I explained that a freind suggested Foreign Cinema and Quince but i had tried to make a reservation at both places but they were booked. The man just stared at me and stuttered i asked do you know of anything similar that i might try. He had nothing for me so i asked for a map and he hesiatated for a second like he didnt understand. SO i grabbed a map and luckiliy they had a business center and i booked a reservation via open table at Garcon. Which by the way is quite a quality meal. Other than this little blip we were quite satisfied and would recommend the hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>RSFEmme
<Content>Love this hotel Great green hotel in a great location near Union Square. I've stayed at this hotel several times and would go back.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelisfun2
<Content>Great experience, staff, and room!       China town from roof top terrace  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>genie-miami
<Content>beware This hotel came highly recommended and we were looking forward to staying in a beautiful green hotel. Upon our arrival, we were quite favorably impressed with the room. Our room was actually large for San Francisco, and it was quite clean and lovely.The first thing that distressed me about the hotel was the fact that other than one Clif bar, I found that none of the mini-bar snacks were organic. We have stayed in green hotels and inns all around the US and Europe, and this lack of organic food was a big surprise to me. The hotel's restaurant also says nothing about organic foods on its menu, although they note that they use sustainable fish and hormone-free meats. We did eat dinner with them anyway and the food was quite delicious, but I was disappointed that it wasn't what I consider really green.Now here comes the bad part. When we checked out (after a one night stay) we found out that the parking for one night was $38.00 + $5.32 tax. I live in a city that has very high parking fees, but this seemed excessive. Whatever -- it's just play money on vacation anyway. But we found out, after arriving at the airport, they gave us the wrong car!!!!!!! Another guest had rented an identical car and they gave us his. Our car was still sitting there with a $2000 painting in the back. I called the hotel and spoke to a young man there who seemed to try and put the blame on me (didn't you notice it was the wrong car?). He never apologized, and asked me how I wanted to pay for the shipping of my painting. What? I said I didn't think I should have to pay -- so they shipped it at their cost, but it came damaged because it was packed so carelessly. He told me the manager would call me to let me know that everything was taken care of, but, of course, I never got a call back.There's more. A few days later, I found a charge for over $100 on our credit card. My husband called the hotel and they said they had no record of this charge, but agreed it was incorrect. The charge was supposed to be $43.32 for the (overpriced) parking, and the operations manager said they would refund us the parking fee (since they gave us the wrong car!!).Big mix up. Today I checked the card to make sure they had given us the refund. Oh my. They not only didn't refund us that %100+, they charged us another parking fee! Gee whiz, now they are just dipping into our funds any time they feel like it!So the hotel isn't really so green, they won't apologize to you if something goes wrong, and you should be very wary of giving them your credit card, but otherwise it's very nice.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	5	4	4	1	2	

<Author>hlc319
<Content>Great Location and Clean Hotel One of the best and most clean hotels I have ever stayed in. The hotel staff was very knowledgeable and friendly. The location was good, just next to the Chinatown gates. The hotel room was a bit small but managed to enjoy it. The bathroom was so clean and by far the best hotel bathroom I have ever seen. The business center was a nice touch and the fitness room was really small. The doorman was always willing to grab a cab for you with the help of his whistle. There was also fresh fruit out on the front desk so it was nice to walk by and grab something on the go. A local pizza place up two blocks Uncle Vitos was a nice place to enjoy some pizza. Another nice place to eat was called the Stinking Rose. Great food for a good price.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BarryMoses
<Content>Great location Location is great, right on the edge of Chinatown with Union Square and Columbus Avenue both within easy walking distance. We didn't try the food always went out - plenty of restaurants (breakfast cafes) within easy walking distance. Rooms are small but well equipped - the bathroom was as big as the bedroom.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>joey61
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location We just returned form a business trip and stayed at the Orchard Garden Hotel. It was very clean, quiet and had a very comfortable bed. The staff were all very friendly and helpful with dinner reservations. It's a 10 minute walk to the Convention Center and only a few minutes to Union Square. Lots of shopping and restaurants nearby. The only negative is the water pressure. Because it is a green hotel, it was very low. Not sure you actually save much water when it takes 5 minutes to get the shampoo out of your hair! Also, the fitness room is a treadmill, a bike and an eliptical machine. However, we got plenty of exercise walking everywhere. Both of these were minor issues for us. We will stay here again!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>beachgirl3700
<Content>Excellent Value Referred to this hotel by a business colleague. The rates were great for the location, so I booked it. I was incredibly impressed with the cleanliness of the hotel and all of the convienences offered. Will definately stay there again on my next trip.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>meli55a
<Content>Loved our stay at the Orchard Garden If you're a business person looking for a hotel either for a short or long stay, then you must check out the Orchard Garden Hotel. I came to San Francisco for a work conference for a few days and enjoyed my stay at this hotel. The rooms are spacious, beds are so comfortable, very clean hotel/room and the staff are very helpful!! The location is great too - right near the entry gate of Chinatown, a short work to Union Square and cable cars. It's also a small cab fare to anywhere. Would definitely stay here again if I鈥檓 back in town!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EastCoastJaneDoe08
<Content>Fabulous Stay! What a treat to have stayed at the Orchard Garden Hotel. I had to pick a hotel with my business picking up the tab and I'm quite pleased I chose this hotel! Upon arrival, we were promptly greeted and our bags stowed since our room was yet to be ready. We got back in our car and when we returned several hours later our room was waiting and they remembered us so they handed us the keys and bags w/o even asking us again. Valet service was exceptional! Never had to wait long for our car, nor worry about the rental car being parked. It was worth the $37 for 24 hours! We went back and forth quite a lot and no complaints from the staff. The room was comfortable and the bed was AMAZING! The bathroom was nice accomodated with nice ammenities. I don't know if what was provided were Aveda products, but nonetheless they were fine. Great bathrobes, and plenty of shower space. We checked out a DVD from the front desk (small selection but something for everyone) and also used the iPod clock to listen to tunes. The room was always cleaned and enough towels were provided. We were quite pleased with the cleaning staff! We also liked that the hotel recycled all our bottles and newspapers. Location was excellent. Short walk to BART, restaurants (Starbucks, Subway, and a lil' coffee shop across the street with the BEST hot chocolate!). The front desk was quick to show us the most cost effective route to the wharf, restaurants, etc. We never got lost and I commend the front desk for giving us directions. My only downside is you shouldn't have to pay $250+ for the room, it's more like $200 or less, but that's because you can always find a good rate out there! Internet was a little slow, but not a big deal! If you're looking for a great stay then this is the place.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>freesias
<Content>Right next to the Entrance to Chinatown This is one of the better hotel experiences I've had. The beds are extremely comfortable and the hotel is in immaculate condition. Super quiet even though it is in the middle of a bustling city. The rooms are very clean and spacious. The hotel staff are very helpful and service is friendly and quick, especially the front desk. Bed turnover service is available and you can come home to a clean room with chocolate next to your bed. We ordered in from the room service menu (I believe from the restaurant in the hotel next to the front desk) and the food is pricey as expected but wasn't anything special. Overall, great hotel to stay at and I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fieldvision
<Content>Nicest Boutique Hotel in San Francisco If you want a luxurious sleep - outstanding service and a reasonable - well for San Francisco - downright bargain - price -- The Orchard Garden Inn is hard to beat -- beautiful all green hotel -- outstanding 5 star hotel like service -- right at the gate of Chinatown - easy walking distance to virtually everywhere on the bay bridge side of the city. The rooms are cozy - modern - clean - the beds are amazing - so comfortable you don't want to get up. Would highly recommend this gem.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DancerPa
<Content>An Oasis for the Business Traveler I have have experienced two exceptional stays at the Orchard Garden and recommend it highly. It is truly an oasis for the business traveler, offering a high level of service and beautiful accommodations. The staff is very helpful and friendly, making it even more of a pleasure. The fact that it is also a green hotel makes staying there even more of a priority for me.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chic_traveler_8
<Content>The little things count! From the moment I stepped my travel-weary body into the this hotel, I was instantly rejuvinated. My shuttle door was opened for me and my luggage brought inside where I was quickly checked into my room. Throughout my stay I was greeted by all employees and no request was too outlandish. Complimenty newspaper outside your door, great Aveda products, a selection of dvd's to watch on the flatscreen tv and a luxurious bath made it difficult for me to leave the room for sightseeing!The bed was extremely comfortable and their bathrobes are worth buying so you can have a little luxury at home.Location-wise, this hotel is an relaxing 10 minute walk to Union Sqaure and right next door to the China Gate. Cabs are easy to come by and there is a valet service available if you have a car. The room-service breakfast was delicious but if you would like some atmosphere there is a lovely french-style cafe across the road. Starbucks is one block over and a lovely sushi bar just down the way.There are a fair amount of homeless people in this part of town but I never felt unsafe - even when walking by myself at night. When my shuttle service did not arrive in time to take me to the airport, the lovely concierge offered up their towncar at no extra charge. I look forward to my next stay at this lovely hotel.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>agnone
<Content>A San Francisco Treat Our stay at the Orchard Garden was wonderful. My husband an d I are from Northeast Ohio and booked the hotel after surfing the web and reading about it. We came in on a Friday evening and checked out Sunday morning. The hotel was exactly what we were looking for. The bed was great ...so comfortable and the room perfect. We did not have a view as we booked with AAA and that is generally an interior room. Others had mentioned small rooms in their reviews but the size of the room was not an issue for us. It was just fine for a couple spending a weekend in San Francisco. The colors were calm and soothing as was the DVD for a relaxing nights sleep. The staff was very accomodating, particularly a young man named Davis, who certainly went out of his way for us and the other couple we were traveling with. The location could not have been better just steps away from Chinatown , a two block walk to the cable cars and the trolleys and streetcars. also there were cabs at the hotel doorstep at any time .You are also just a few blocks from the italian North Beach neighborhood and the other way is Union Square.. There are several good restaurants just down the street. .Sunday morning my husband and I went to Mass and had our choice of where to attend as there are two beautiful Catholic churches within a two minute walkAs for dress - in the winter it is dressy casual...lots of layers , gloves scarf and jacket , maybe a dressier coat for evening. But on the whole S. F. and the Orchard Garden is pretty casual.We will definitely stay here again, there is so much to see and do.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>travelgirl808
<Content>A great value that can't be beat! This wonderful boutique hotel is in a great location just steps from Union Square and Chinatown. The staff was friendly and helpful, and our room was tastefully appointed and comfortable. I loved the Aveda bath products, California King size bed, cozy comforter, and perfectly-weighted robes. The free internet access and DVDs were added bonuses. I also appreciated the recyling containers in the room and the free newspaper delivered to your door in the morning. Finally, not only was the price good, but you get great value for your money. After such a fantastic experience it would take a lot to convince me to stay anywhere else in the city.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>itchyfeet2
<Content>Full marks I was hugely impressed with this hotel - wonderful big rooms and beds; spacious bathrooms; pleasing colour schemes; fabulous breaktasts. And all just next to Chinatown. Then there are the eco-credentials; I'd say the Orchard Garden has set standards (locally sourced and organic food; recycling bins in rooms; reclaimed raw materials) that other hotels will have to follow in the future. It's not cheap - but then neither are other boutique hotels reaching a similar standard in this city.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>annetw
<Content>Great Bed I spent several nights and found the hotel comfortable, pleasant and well priced for a good location. The beds were super-comfortable. I actually slept through the night - amazing for a 28 week pregnant woman who tosses and turns trying to find a comfortable position.Only two minor complaints. Since I had a multiple night stay, I would have liked a little more variety, day to day, in the breakfast buffet. And, the elevators were ridiculously cold. But all in all, thumb's up. I'd go again.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>vinylrules
<Content>Top notch!       Room view 1  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>viajera725
<Content>Great location for exploring the city Fantastic location and friendly staff. The hotel is right near the gates of Chinatown and a couple of blocks from the shopping at Market Street. I would definitely stay here again next time I'm in SF. The big breakfast and environmental consciousness were a plus, too.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Mushy-47
<Content>Cannot wait to go back! This is a great find. It is in a perfect location, but that is not the best thing about this hotel. It is beautiful, the staff is amazing, the appointments and furnishings are lovely, the Leed Certification is the way of the future and all for an unbelievable value.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Debbiew4ai
<Content>Lovey hotel but I will not be returning! This is a beautiful, clean and comfortable hotel. But here's the problem: the climate inside the room is too dry and stuffy. I chose this hotel because of the green atmosphere. The rooms are powered by placing the keys inside a slot near the door. The hotel is also new and allows no smoking in any of the rooms This is a plus because you can often smell cigarette smoke through the air conditioning system.  Because it's a new hotel, apparently the building codes do not permit any windows to open. So this place is sealed shut. I was assured that the new state-of-the-art  AC system was able to adjust and even allow for some outside air circulation. This was certainly not the case. I had to buy a cheap humidifier at Walgreen's in an attempt to get so moisture in the room. It helped a bit. I guess I'm confused about the description of green and this overall phobia of outside air. Here's a green tip: you can also cut your energy costs by shutting off the AC and opening a window!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	5	-1	4	4	-1	

<Author>allisonandjeff
<Content>Fantastic location, great service. Super all around! This hotel is located at the gates to Chinatown and walking distance to great shopping in Union Square and the cable car line to Fisherman's Wharf. As you would expect in SF, small rooms that work for 1-2 adults and a baby in a crib (we brought our son with us.) His portacrib fit in the bathroom. Nice flatscreen HD Tv's, comfortable beds, Aveda toiletries. I would definitely stay here again and recommend this hotel highly.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>circuitboitravel
<Content>Best Kept Secret in San Francisco Wow is all I can say! This was my 3rd visit here, and it just keeps getting better with each visit. The rooms are great, the amenities are nice, the Staff is incredible. The free breakfast was a treat. In the previous stays, I missed it due to my sleeping late. This time I made sure I went and ate. I love the fact the hotel is eco friendly! It was great to walk into China town, and be right there. It's very close to Union Square as well.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fiftysomethingSue
<Content>Comfortable, eco-friendly and convenient For my first business trip to the city, I chose the environmentally friendly Orchard Garden, which was 3 blocks from my office away from home. The bed and breakfast package was a good value -- with fruit, cereals, baked goods, cheese and meats and hard boiled eggs available. Staff were very friendly, recommending a sushi restaurant 5 blocks away instead of the one across the street. Room was beautiful, clean, everything I expected of a business-class hotel. I'll be back!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>LovesToTravelBayArea
<Content>Loved the Orchard Garden Hotel in SF! This a lovely gem....just a minutes walk into Chinatown or Union Square, this hotel is the best place we've ever stayed in SF. Small enough to maintain an intimate feel but without sacrificing any of the amenities. Light and bright, very clean, beautiful rooms, nice staff, good food and if all that's weren't enough, it's the first completely green hotel from the ground up. Though not inexpensive, for the value we found it worth every penny. We look forward to making this our permanent home base when visiting - for business or pleasure - San Francisco!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BreVar
<Content>excellent hotel My husband and I love to take road trips for our vacations so we have stayed in many hotels across the country. This hotel was GREAT! Nice location, very central to many places in san Francisco and it was a very nice part of town. The staff was very accommodating and friendly. They were almost all quite young and still very professional and helpful. they had a nice tv in the room, and the bed was very comfy. the room overall was very cozy. We would highly recommend staying here!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sharontrip
<Content>Great experience Great location. Cute boutique hotel. Park and Shop package, with buffet breakfast included, is an amazing value for SF.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>ncginny
<Content>great hotel great location, very nice staff this is a very nice hotel very well run, hotel staff all very cordial and helpful. housekeeping also very polite and caring the room was inviting and bright - good lighting- perfect location downtown to everything, able to walk most everywhere.sheets and towels of good quality. a very good value for the price we paid. would recommend to all.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lady_bec
<Content>Nice, cozy Very comfortable bed (+), we liked that it is a green hotel. Nice tv. very cozy room, typical in san francisco. for the $, not sure you can't do as well or better. the location was great. also enjoyed the restaurant.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HappyTravelGurl
<Content>We Will Come Back We had a wonderful stay. The rooms were clean and quiet and the location is great. The staff was pleasant and helpful. The only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars was due to the attitude of one staff person. When asking for directions, the front desk person told us to go use the business room and print them out ourselves. When we explained we were in a hurry, the person ignored us. Thankfully, another staff person came over and helped us out. However, this was a minor thing compared to the overall visit. We will come back!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Butcher.T
<Content>Great location but some flaws Our stay this past October was very pleasant . The rooms are average size for a hotel in this price range in the Union Square area. We had the Park and Shop Package and when we went to breakfast the first morning the staff member in the dining area told us that we did not receive the complimentary breakfast. We went to the main desk to question this and were again told it was not included in our package. With other people at the front desk checking out, we were quite embarrassed. We had a room confirmation but unfortunately did not have the email confirmation which stated that breakfast and shopping coupons, which we never received, were included. We called for our car one evening and when we went down for it the staff was putting another person and her suitcases in the car. Another time we were leaving the hotel to walk to Union Square and we saw our car out front. When we asked why it was there they said they thought we called for it. We have emailed the manager about the breakfast incident after arriving home but never received an answer to that email. The newness of the hotel, the fact that it is a Green Hotel, the rooftop garden make it a nice place. We would look at other hotels next time we visit however we would consider staying again but we would be more careful and carry all papers with us.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>EvilDeeva
<Content>Lovely Little Boutique Hotel My husband and I stayed at The Orchard Garden Hotel as part of our honeymoon from 09/10/07 - 14/10/07. It's a small boutique hotel where the staff were always helpful and friendly. It's a fantastic location; right next door to Chinatown. Union Square and the Financial District are both within walking distance, as are all the shops and Westfield shopping centre. The room was very clean and with it being a 'green' hotel there are separate bins in the room for rubbish, bottles and paper. We had a view of Bush Street which isn't particularly attractive but what do you expect in the middle of San Francisco?!?! There was a safe in the wardrobe along with an iron and ironing board; you also get free WiFi if you have your own laptop. Each room also has a Flatscreen TV, IPod docking station and coffee machine. There was a mini-bar and a tray with snacks that are all on sensors. We didn't eat any of these or use the mini-bar because they were soooo expensive. You get the option of turn down service each night; we didn't bother but it's a nice touch. There is a bistro downstairs called 'Roots' that serve breakfast, lunch (I think) and even an evening meal. We had breakfast included with the price of the room and it was really nice. A choice of pastries, muffins, bagels, fruit salad and cereal; along with tea, coffee and a variety of fruit juices. They also do room service. There is also a roof garden, but that was closed during our stay; we didn't realise though and went up anyway! It gives a fantastic view of the city at night. Whilst we were there one of the lift's broke down which was a bit annoying but I suppose these things happen; it just meant that with only one lift working we had to wait longer than usual. The WiFi also went down due to flooding in the street; but again these things happen, it's not really something that the hotel can control! The mainenaince guys were working all night in the street to try and get the problem sorted though. But the main reason I only gave the hotel 4/5 is because of the gym. They have a tiny room with a treadmill, a crosstrainer and a bike; for someone who works out 6 days a week this was a bit of a let down. You can use a nearby gym but I thought $15 per day was quite pricey so I didn't bother. The bar staff are very friendly, one of them even gave us a free tequila! The staff will recommend restaurants as well if you ask and are very helpful with regatrds to directions etc as well; they will also book you taxi's / city cars to get you to the airport etc. All in all we had a lovely stay at this hotel and would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>UKBornToTravel
<Content>Nice hotel in a good location for the city centre Nice hotel in a good city centre local. Stayed here on business for a week and enjoyed the stay. Staff were attentive and always courteous. Found the room a little smaller than average for hotel rooms in the US, but it was very comfortable and well equipped with LCD wall-mounted TV, iPod dock, in-room personal safe (large enough for your laptop and valuables) and large, very comfortable king bed with fantastic Egyptian cotton sheets. Closet was a bit on the small size, while the work desk was a little cramped when using a laptop, but the complimentary wi-fi worked well. Bathroom featured a convenient sliding door, but watch your fingers against the door handle and door jam! Continetal breakfast was okay, but as one previous contributor observed, the plates provided are rather small so bread/toast won't fit on them. Otherwise, choice of ham, cheese, hard-boiled eggs, fruit, breads, croissants, patries, juices and tea and coffee was fine for the inclusive rate. Only thing which stopped us giving it a a full 5 stars was the fact that our tub had a crack in it and so could only be used for bathing the shower mat in place covering the crack, which made it uncomftable for a soak after an 11 hour flight. Staff apologised and said as replacement was on order, but during our stay we had to settle for the excellent shower.Only other slight niggle was that we were woken several times buy doors closing in adjacent rooms and their extractor fans whiring into action, which just made you slightly aware that perhaps the rooms weren't that sound proofed as they could be.Otherwise, a super hotel. Nicely decorated, modern and good staff. Lots of nice restaurants close by, Market Street and Union Square shops (including the excellent Westfield Center) within a 5-10 minute walk, and the entrance to Chinatown right on the doorstep.Thoroughly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ruebrezin
<Content>A return to this hotel is definite! This new hotel on Bush Street, just around the corner from the gated entrance to Chinatown on Grant, is really well put-together. The hotel is 'green', having received the LEEDS certification. The rooms are small but functional and the beds are extremely comfortable and plush. One of the two elevators was out while we were here with no particular indication as to why or when it would be repaired, but we honestly didn't mind. The rate we got included breakfast and I will say that the breakfast was not that great and I wouldn't pay $14.00 for it if I didn't get it in my rate. The staff was efficient and friendly and non-intrusive. The rooftop garden was a nice place to sit and have a glass of wine with our friends before heading out for dinner. I would definitely come back to this hotel the next time a trip takes us to San Francisco. I would have no hesitation to recommend this hotel: GREAT LOCATION, VERY CLEAN, COMFORTABLE, JUST RIGHT!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Zusclare
<Content>Just Okay While we loved the green aspect of this hotel, our stay was nothing special. The room was small, really too small for us. The hotel was also having some problems as result of a leak, so there was only one elevator working (and long waits for it) and the roof garden was not available.The hotel staff was very nice, but not particularly helpful. For example, when we needed a cab, they suggested we walk a few blocks to another street to find one. Another example, we wanted to go to the movies (it had been raining, we'd already enjoyed two museums) and we asked about nearby theaters; the theater names we were given were totally different from what was listed in the paper. Once we figured this out, it was too late to go to any of the movies we would have wanted to see.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	2	5	3	3	1	

<Author>SanDiegan78
<Content>Overall, very good impression Overall, I was very pleased with my stay at the Orchard Garden. The place is perfectly located a few blocks away from Union Square and Financial District, right next to Chinatown. The property is impeccably clean, and the overall green-yellow color scheme is as soothing as it is sophisticated. The personnel were generally very helpful with everything with the exception of a single minor maintenance request that has never been attended to, eve n despite an extra reminder. There is a tiny fitness room with just a couple of machines, a business center and a hugely overrated roof garden which is basically of no use because of cast iron furniture - try to seat in one of these chairs for two minutes in fall and have your butt frozen, or for a change have it roasted after two minutes in summer. My room 1005 - top floor king - was spacious and light. The bed, mattress and linens were wonderful and the two-layer bath robe - from a local company Telegraph Hill - was easily the best I had ever worn. The bathroom was quite large, with a full bath and vanity mirrors. There was a room safe, a tea/coffee maker, HDTV unit, DVD player and an ipod docking station (=alarm clock) in the room. The air conditioning unit was effective and not noisy at all. My reservation included a complimentary breakfast - unfortunately, the same selection five mornings in a row. Valet parking was $32 + tax.There are just two specific concerns that I would like to bring my fellow travelers' attention to as they may be quite annoying. Firstly, their room access cards deactivate each time you use them to access business center. You have to trot to the front desk to have your card reprogrammed after each visit to the business center. Another - and potentially quite embarrassing - concern is the sliding bathroom door. Not only can it not be locked from the inside, there is a 2 1/2-in gap around the whole door panel opening into the rest of the room. Bearing in mind how exciting all those bathroom sounds - and smells - can be, I strongly doubt this solution was correct... To summarize, apart from the two ridiculous flaws discussed above, this is a wonderful hotel, very much to recommend.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>longrider_7
<Content>My New Favorite Hotel I was in San Francisco for a conference and my wife found this hotel on the internet. The web site was very appealing and the location was within easy walking distance of the convention center. It was also located next to other active areas of the City including Chinatown and Union Square. But, what attracted us mostly to the hotel is that it is green, constructed to the guidelines of the United States Green Building Council. So we booked the room.From the time of arrival to my departure, I was not disappointed. The design is modern and exceptionally clean. The staff (all the staff) was very helpful and friendly. My wife and I prefer smaller hotels over the large chains and the Orchard Garden fit perfectly into this perception. The room was exceptionally and tastefully furnished including a large, flat-screen television and king size bed. The many energy conservation measures incorporated into the construction of the hotel were apparent and most appreciated including all power on/off with your room key, low-flush toilet, flourescent light bulbs, etc. The room price included breakfast and the staff was very accommodating to meet special diet requirements. My only regret regarding food is that I did not have an opportunity to eat dinner in the restaurant. The menu appears wonderful.This is where I will stay whenever I am in San Francisco. It is my new favorite hotel.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rocky1NewYork
<Content>Wonderful Hotel! A very nice hotel, with incredibly friendly, and extremely helpful staff, lovely rooms, nice breakfast buffet, great location, good value. I would definitely stay here the next time I'm in San Francisco, and would not hesitate to recommend it to others.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travelers86
<Content>We Loved the Orchard Garden Hotel We visited the Orchard Garden Hotel October 5th, 6th and 7th on a Friday, Saturday and Sunday. We found this green hotel on the internet and decided to give it a try. It exceeded our expectations. Upon entering the hotel, we found the decor beautiful and the fountain calming after a hectic day of travel. The front desk staff was friendly and efficient and it took only a few minutes to get us checked in and up to our room. There was no typical hotel smell. The lobby and our room smelled fresh and clean and looked it. The bed was one of the best parts of our visit, so comfortable and sheets that felt soft and looked like new. The buffet breakfast at the Roots Restaurant inside the hotel was excellent and got us on our way each day happy and full and ready for a great day of site seeing. The location of this hotel was perfect. The Entrance Gate to Chinatown was just a few steps away, and it was an easy walk to The Ferry Building to catch the wonderful weekend market. Also, the hotel is not far from public transportation. After a busy day, we enjoyed our drinks at the bar at Roots and long talks with the bartender. All of the staff was great and we would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BurkeGustav
<Content>Clean and convenient! We started of our 15 night road trip honeymoon with 5 nights in the Orchard Garden. I had booked the room before the hotel opened and got a good rate. The room was spotless, lovely king size bed and a great view out onto the street. The bathroom was quite spacious, but we weren't so keen on the sliding door. I agree with the posters on the annoyance that there is no room to put your own water into the fridge provided. Breakfast was included and as other have said there was a good selection. Staff were friendly, but not overly. Location wise it's perfect. A few minutes up the road there is the cable car stop and down the hill Union Square. I would recommend this hotel and would stay again at the right price.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>PandB65
<Content>A good base for exploring San Francisco This is a new hotel, located right next to the China Gate entrance to Chinatown. It is within easy walking distance of Union Square and there are plenty of cafes and restaurants close by. The rooms are stylishly decorated and even though our room was only one floor up and facing the street, it was pretty quiet. Nice toiletries and bathrobes are supplied. The continental breakfast provided an excellent selection of fruit, pastries, bread  cheese and cereals. The front desk staff were very helpful. On-line booking worked fine, and a reminder e-mail was sent to us a few days before our stay which was reassuring. This hotel provided a very comfortable start to a three week road trip around California. We would not hesitate to recommend a stay here.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Zeca13
<Content>The Orchard Garden is a wonderful hotel My wife and I visited San Francisco this week. Based on Trip Advisor's user recommendations we chose The Orchard Garden Hotel and we had a great experience! The staff is very helpful, the room, if is not a big one, has a lot of options that we usually do not find in other hotels e.g. plasma TV and Ipod docking amplifier. The room was super clean and prepaid with breakfast included. We definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>suplada
<Content>All hotels should follow suit I stayed for 2 nights for a business trip. The location is great. Check-in was quick, the staff were very courteous and attentive. Free (European) breakfast was good, not too heavy - coffee, fruits, hardboiled eggs, ham, various kinds of bread, and i loved the pastries.The room, although on the small side, is immaculately clean, nicely furnished, very relaxing bed, flatscreen TV. The bathroom is actually a good size, not cramped at all, and very clean. What's weird though, is the hairdryer is a portable one. Not the normal ones you see hooked up on the wall in the bathroom.The water pressure in the shower is on the weak side (in my opinion).Check-out was uneventful. I would recommend this hotel to anyone, especially since it's a LEED-certified hotel. Way to Go!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>suite01
<Content>Excellent Location-Beautiful Hotel This was a beautiful hotel, and in an ideal location from shopping and the business district, especially if your in town for business. I loved the fact that it was next door to China Town, which I love to visit the stores and eat. Very close to the major shopping areas and the trolley cars. The room was a bit smaller than expected, especially based on the pictures shown on the site. For one person, it was ideal, but if my husband had come along, it would have felt a bit cramped. I did not like the fact that the frig was prestocked to the point you could not put your own drinks or left over food in there. If any of the items in the frig were moved, you automatically got charged for them whether you consumed them or not. I would have preferred everything been taken our completely and left with a usable frig. Need to make the note about moving the items off the dot for more than 20 seconds automatically charges your room for the goods, even if you just knock it over. Luckily I was told by a maintenance guy before I had an accident with the goods. Otherwise, very clean, comfortable bed, nice bath and tv channel options. Just need to add a hot tub for use on the balcony or roof for end of day, after all the walking you have to do. Thanks!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fly121
<Content>Great Botique Hotel We had a nice stay at the Orchard Garden Hotel, it is located near Union Square with great access to all the shopping nearby. Staff was very helpful and friendly. Rooms were nice and clean. We had an interior room with not much a view but we were not in the room for long. The price we paid was expensive I thought, over $800 for 2 nights. 'm not sure if something was going on in the city or if that is the regular rate for rooms here. We also had a walk-thru door to the next room and the sound proffing was not very good. I would probably stay here again but check for better rates.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	3	3	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>frstbrn
<Content>Comfortable stay with wonderful staff I called the Orchard about a week before our visit on a last ditch effort to get a room here due to the positive reviews I saw on Trip Advisor ( I had booked somewhere else). I was lucky to find an open room and although the front desk could not lower the price (all hotels were booked and they were at full capacity) she did include breakfast in our stay which helped.Everyone was great. Although they do not have an official concierge desk like the big hotels each person went out of their way to help us find what we were looking for. each person gave us very personal service and always at 110%.Our rooms were very clean and comfortable. My brother is a big environmentalist and I have already recommended it to him but I will recommend it to everyone going to San Francisco. I honestly cannot think of a bad thing to say about the Orchard Garden. Enjoy your stay!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Membermaine07
<Content>A very good hotel I found the Orchard Garden an excellent boutique hotel in San Francisco. The only reason why it doesn't get a 5.0 rating is the ambience, which I found a little sterile.It is a LEED-certified hotel, which means it follows environmentally-friendly practices in its energy management and overall business practices. If this is important to you you should stay here. You will not be disappointed by the quality of the experience.The rooftop garden is very nice although I wish it had a bar. You can bring your own up there and we did and enjoyed it. I'm surprised more people weren't up there. The location is excellent, northeast of Union Square makes it even more walkable to North Beach and the waterfront as well as Chinatown (next door).The room was very clean, excellent and very comfortable bed. Didn't eat in the restaurant so I can't comment on it. Breakfast was included in the rate and was good if not spectacular. The modern decor and light colored woods I thought were just a little sterile looking. That's my only complaint. I'd certainly recommend it, however.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JonHarris
<Content>Flawless hotel... Highly recommend this place. Cant fault it in any way. Huge room packed with facilities and a large bed and wonderful bathroom. My only complaint was the weak strength of the wi fi signal in my room which was too weak to be used. Otherwise I cannot fault the hotel and the location is excellent  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>washpa
<Content>Wonderful Hotel in San Fran I was traveling solo and had a wonderful experience at the Orchard Garden. As others have stated, the property is new, very clean, and has a calm and serene atmosphere. The roof garden is wonderful on a clear day and the overall emphasis on the environment throughout the hotel is very inspiring. The location is perfect - you can walk to Union Square, the Ferry Market and other key locations - and the trolley/cable cars and the Muni are very close to the hotel so transportation options are plentiful. My hotel rate did not include the complementary breakfast and so I had an excellent breakfast each morning across the street at a nice French cafe - less money than I would have paid at the OGH.As far as I am concerned, there are not enough properties like this anymore in the heart of our great urban areas. The OGH is a gem! Try it when you go to SF! PS - I requested car service to SFO on my last morning. The driver was on time and the rate was exactly what I was quoted the day before.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ldbparis
<Content>Relaxed vibe A really great hotel with lots of charm. Very clean and modern and efficient. I love the fact that it's LEED certified. The staff was very courteous although i was surprised no one helped get my bags up to the room. The contintental breakfast was also right on point. I got a great rate for this room as I was in town for a conference but I'm not sure I would pay the posted rate of $339 a night. The room was a little small - perfect for one person but 2 people would make it much more tight.Overall a great experience.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>orange24
<Content>Excellent hotel We had a wonderful 3 night stay at the Orchard Garden Hotel. It's a great boutique hotel, very clean and reasonably priced. Service was friendly and helpful. The location couldn't be any better - close to Union Square, Chinatown, and restaurants. We would definitely stay at this hotel next time we're in San Francisco!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>ashbay04
<Content>Excellent hotel and great value for money Arriving at the Orchard Garden Hotel was just heaven after a 13 hour flight from Sydney. Check-in was an ease and we were in our room within 10 minutes from arriving. The rooms are very clean, spacious and comfortable. I must say the best thing about the room was the bed, they are just amazing (best sleep for ages). We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights and found the location to be very central, within walking distance to Union Square and close to the cable cars.I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PontMarie
<Content>A Perfect Experience The Orchard Garden Hotel is a very low-keyed, understated but quietly luxurious hotel. There's an almost zen-like quality to the place. You walk into your room and immediately feel completely relaxed. The staff could not have been friendlier or more helpful. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>geolon
<Content>Great for comfort and location We were very impressed by a three night stay here. Very high standards were combined with unfussy and quietly competent service at the front desk. The Orchard Garden is in an excellent location for shops, restaurants and exploring the city. The complementary breakfast was the best quality we had experienced in a US hotel, and the beds appeared to have a magical ability to cure two hardened insomniacs.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GreatholsBrighton_UK
<Content>We wished we didn't have to leave the Orchard Garden Hotel! My daughter and I visited the Orchard Garden Hotel for 8 nights and thorougly enjoyed the experience. The Double, double room with a view was lovely and a good size, as was the bathroom. Location superb for shopping and walking around. The friendliness and helpfullness of all the staff was a great plus, and we enjoyed sampling the house cocktails! Room service was excellent as was the meal in the restaurant. Altogether, our stay at the Orchard Garden Hotel was a delight.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>manxgary
<Content>Great hotel, location and service Stayed for two nights as part of our annual vacation from the UK. Excellent service and quality of furnishings. Noticed it's listed in Conde Nast 'hot list' for 2007. Location was fantastic, only a couple of blocks from Union square. We'd stay again.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NK02
<Content>Very Impressed We spent five nights in this hotel, and it exceeded all our expectations - most importantly, its location is superb. In a city with many hills, we were pleased to find that most of SF's attractions are close by, and for the visits to Pier 39 and Fisherman's Wharf, transport links were close to the hotel.The hotel itself was fantastic - very new feeling to the place, all furniture and fittings were spotless. Breakfast was more than adequate, and there is computer access in the 'Business Center'. Door staff were very helpful. Modestly priced for accomodation in an expensive city - if we are lucky enough to return to San Fran, we would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>mbzray
<Content>An absolute 'green' gem in the heart of San Francisco. We held our 40th Peace Corps Reunion at the Orchard Garden, and it could not have been better. Situated in the middle of San Francisco, just 50 feet from the entrance to Chinatown, the Orchard Garden was an ideal location for all of our friends who came in from all over the United States. The Orchard Garden is a beautiful, new, and environmentally sensitive hotel. The entry is fresh and inviting, providing an opportunity to instantly experience the friendly ambience that pervades throughout. The use of light colored woods and tall ceilings add to the qualtiy of the hotel. In the ground floor, Roots restaurant, the chicken ceasar sandwich, with carmelized brown sugar on bacon, is an absolute, must try delight. The rooms are nicely sized, bright, and cheery, and have all the internet connections one needs. Depositing your room key in a slot by the door powers up all the lights and helps to conserve energy. I did not expect a 'green' hotel to be so elegant. Throughout the hotel, the staff, from housekeepers to waitresses, to front office, were eager to help in any way to make our stay more enjoyable.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Eudardo
<Content>Horrible window view, don鈥檛 always trust these reviews       Horrible view from window  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	3	2	2	4	

<Author>wjh1953
<Content>Excellent Hotel! We just spent 3 days at the Orchard Garden and loved it. the room was great with a comfortable bed, beautiful and functional bathroom and nice amenities including a big screen TV. The breakfast buffet was substantial and varied.We ate dinner in the restaurant Roots one night and the food was fabulous and, for San Francisco, reasonable.The location was great for us -- right next to Chinatown and close to the public transportation hub of Market Street.We stayed in three other hotels on this trip in other parts of northern California and agree that the OG was the best. We'll definitely return.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dory92064
<Content>Excellent hotel Was very pleased with the Orchard Garden Hotel. Room was spacious and very comfortable. Excellent location in the city. Did not eat in the restaurant, but did enjoy a glass of wine and some cheese in the comfortable bar area. Nice breakfast with a good selection of items. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>GoBrewers
<Content>Fantastic Hotel! We stayed at the Orchard Garden for 4 nights (August 23-26). The staff - from the front desk clerk to the bellman to the restaurant workers - was friendly to a fault! We felt very welcome from the minute we arrived.We had a 8th floor view room with two double beds. The room was immaculate....the beds were insanely comfortable....the sheets were perfect.....flat screen TV...AC worked well...the room was incredibly quiet even though it looked out on Bush Street and was a half-block from the main gate of Chinatown. Your room key-card activates the room's electricity when you enter the room and place it into the power receptacle. A fantastic way to cut down on the amount of electricity the hotel uses!The European buffet breakfast each day was excellent. Fresh baked croissants, fresh fruits, yogurt, cereals, juices, coffee....it was an excellent start each morning! The hotel is conveniently located to Chinatown, Union Square. We actually walked to ATT Park as well as North Beach from the hotel (about a mile in either direction). However, there is alot of mass transit available close by. There is a rooftop terrace which is an excellent place to read and catch the afternoon sun. I whole-heartedly recommend it!Overall, I'd say this hotel stay was one of the best I have had! The hotel has earned a LEED green rating which makes all of the luxuriuos surriundings seem even more luxurious!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>2lilly2
<Content>Great Hotel This hotel is the perfect location. There were no steep hills to climb. The location is steps away from the entrance to China Town, the financial center, and Union Square. We booked a king with a view for $199.00 a night. Unbelievable for San Francisco! The hotel is new and a green hotel. Everyone we met was friendly and happy! We have spent a lot of vacations in San Francisco and stayed at many hotels, but in the future we will be staying here.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lizzieann31
<Content>Gorgeous Hotel - Incredibly Friendly Staff - Loved The Orchard Garden Hotel!! Absolutely beautiful hotel!! This was my first trip to San Francisco and they made my stay so much easier. They arranged transportation, gave easy to understand directions and one of the entrances to Chinatown was right next door. Plus, it is located in the financial district so there are lots of good places to eat and didn't have that cheesy tourist feel that some of the Wharf hotels might have (this, coming from a tourist - ha!)Also, the rooms were absolutely gorgeous, with a flat screen TV, thick duvets, everything shiny and new!! And the staff was so nice and helpful. I told my boyfriend that if we ever come to San Francisco together we are definitely staying here!! Plus, if you happen to take the double-decker bus hop on/hop off tours, they will let you off directly in front of the hotel, which was really convenient.All in all, an excellent hotel and accomodating staff - highly recommended!!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelNonstop
<Content>Loved it! We stayed in room 408 and it was great. Everything was SO CLEAN and SO NEW and SO WELL DONE!I loved te sliding bathroom door and the beds were very comfy and so were the pillows and bedding.I'm turning GREEN so knowing I was helping give back was also a HUGE plus! I'd stay there everytime! Do beware that a soda at the bar will cost you $3.56 before tip! A bit pricey for a can of Sprite.Very convienent to everything. The Cafe across the street, Cade De le Presse is delicous! Order the french toast!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FamilyFunNV
<Content>Great Location, Clean, Hospitable Our family thoroughly enjoyed a 6 day stay at the Orchard Garden. We arrived early in the morning and it was no problem to store our luggage for the day while we set off to explore the city. The check-in/check-out were smooth, the room was small but functional and tastefully decorated. The green policy appealed enormously to our family - especially our teenage daughters. The breakfast was terrific - the atmosphere was friendly, overall it was a very positive experience and we feel we got great value for our dollar.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mandy9939
<Content>Wonderful place to stay The Orchard Garden Hotel is new and spotless!!!. The staff made us feel extremely welcome and we really appreciate this green hotel's efforts in recycling and protecting the environment. We were encouraged to take our cocktails and snacks up to the outdoor terrace where there was plenty of tables/chairs and a nice view.Our stay came with a complimentary breakfast which had something for everyone and was delicious.Just a couple of blocks away from Union Square, the location is very convenient to shopping, Chinatown, dining, etc.I would highly recommend this hotel  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>greengirl2007
<Content>makes being green easy and comfortable love the fact that a green hotel such as this exists! it was really cozy and comfy w/ unexpected perks like the sleep 101 cd in the room.super comfortable bed!great to have a green option to give my business to,just 1 more way to be the change we wish to see in the world:)loved it,would definately stay again.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LeahB444
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed at the Orchard Garden Hotel for three nights during our California vacation and had a wonderful experience. The hotel is located just outside the gates to Chinatown and we were able to walk to the Embarcadero, Pier 39, Coit tower, Golden Gate state park, etc. The rooms are a little smaller than other hotel rooms we've stayed in however the bathroom was quite spacious. I am very particular about cleanliness and this hotel was clean, new, and well run. Comfortable beds and pillows, free movie rentals! The only thing missing would be a nice hot tub on the roof! I would definitely recommend this hotel if you are staying in San Francisco!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Kitka2001
<Content>Wonderful Place to stay We booked the Orchard Garden for a girls weekend for two best friends and our 8 - 10 year old daughters. The location was great for that kind of trip. Two doors down from the gate to Chinatown meant a lot of great kid-friendly meals and shops. Quick walk to Union Square and transportation to the rest of the city.We booked two double rooms but were not told until arrival that each floor only has two double rooms - so one of us switched to a King room. This was fine with us but you should know this if expecting to be near traveling companions with the same room type booked.We did not get the City view and instead overlooked a courtyard and it was wonderfully quiet. I would definitely book standard again.The concierge at the Orchard Garden was great as was the night staff, who helped with everything with a smile. From hailing us the perfect taxi to recommending two very good restaurants, to getting us to the airport in time, the staff helped make the trip easier.The rooms were very clean and well stocked. The only thing I'd say was a negative was the mini-bar and snack trays which we nor the girls touched but seem to have been sensitive enough that we were charged for a water anyway. Not worth getting upset over but something to look out for.We did not try the restaurant as it was a bit pricey and there are so many affordable options within walking distance of the hotel.Would definitely return!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>TravelerLakeMary_Fl
<Content>Wonderful staff and stay We had just finished a stay at the Orchard Garden Hotel after a week of travel throughout California. Of all the places we stayed during our trip, the Orchard Garden was by far our favorite. The hotel as well as the room was extremely nice and we thought the amenities/bed in the room (the fact that it is a Green hotel was a definite plus) as well as the size of the room itself was perfect and comfortable for my wife and daughter. The hotel and lobby were very clean and the breakfast was great - scones, meat and cheese, etc. The location in the city next to Chinatown makes visiting that particular area of the city very easy and convenient. But the most overlooked part was simply the staff - from the valet to the desk person - they were extremely friendly and very accommodating. We had traveled to San Francisco from Malibu the day we checked in ... the staff made our transition into the room flawless, gave us directions and tips, all with a wonderful attitude throughout our entire stay. This was true even though when we checked in, we had about 15 minutes to get to a Giants game. This was a great experience and I will highly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in San Francisco.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wanderlust74
<Content>Great location The room: The Orchard Garden Hotel is a boutique hotel, so the rooms are tiny. However, the rooms are very clean and utilize the small space. The bed is amazing and the flat screen tv with a DVD player is a nice bonus. The only thing that I did not like about the room was the bathroom door, or lack there of. The door is actually a sliding panel that does not completely shut all the way. The breakfast: Free breakfast is included each morning. The breakfast choices include huge croissants, delicious scones and muffins, fruit, bagels, cold ham cuts, cheese, hard boiled eggs, cereals, juice, and coffee. The scones, croissants, and muffins were all quality and similar to those you would find at a nice pastry shop.The location: What a great location! You are right next to the Grant Avenue entrance to China Town. You are a few blocks from shopping at Union Square. You are approximately 3/4 a mile from Coit Tower and approximately 1 mile from the Embarcadero. We walked to dinner each night and found great restaurants in China Town, Little Italy, and North Beach. There were plenty of Muni bus stops in walking distance and the BART and Muni underground were four blocks away. We called 511, which is free if you call from the bay area, which allows you to speak with someone who will tell you what bus route to take to certain places and where the bus picks you up. We easily took the bus to the Golden Gate Park, the Presidio, the Golden Gate Bridge, and ATT Park. You are in walking distance to many restaurants, coffee shops, and retail stores. However, many of the restaurants close by 10:00 pm. If you are a late night diner, then try Chinatown. Overall: I will definitely stay at this hotel again and recommend it to my friends and family. For $179 a night, the hotel is a deal. The location is perfect for those who want to explore the city.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Freddy66
<Content>pleasant stay at the Orchard Garden Hotel!! Just returned from a three night weekend stay at the Orchard Garden. It was a pleasant experience. The room cost $250.00 a night with AAA discount. The hotel is located close to shopping, restaurants, Starbucks, trolley stops and Union Square. It is a Green Hotel. The rooms were nice and clean, if a bit on the small size. Nice bath products in the bathroom. We traveled with our two children ages 7 and 5. The hotel has free dvd's to rent and our kids watched a couple a movies while we were there on the room's plasma television. There was a complimentary breakfast each morning that was pretty good. There were muffins, bagels, and assorted breads along with fruit and cereal. We ate breakfast across the street at Cafe De La Presse one morning and spent 50 bucks for some pancakes and eggs. Frankly, the hotel breakfast was just as good and didn't cost us anything. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful with tips for getting around the city. At the front desk, a young man named Quinn was very friendly and always willing to answer any questions we might have had. All in all, it was a good decision to stay at the Orchard Garden Hotel. We will definitely be back.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jrx522
<Content>Great Hotel..... Great Location...Brand New Hotel @ $179 per night for Fri/Sat stay....Friendly Staff.....Flat screen TV.....Had a fantastic stay and look forward to returning in the future....Staff was very helpful.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sssss1
<Content>Excellent Choice We spent 4 nights in the Orchard Garden in June and can highly recommend it. When we arrived our booking (made in April via Orbitz) was not on the system, however, this did not impact our checkin and once I produced the booking confirmation from Orbitz we were checked in within minutes. We found the staff to be friendly, helpful and efficient.The rooms are very comfortable and we thought them to be a good size. As mentioned previously the beds are very comfortable and the room is kept spotlessly clean.Breakfast is included and the homemade scones are not to be missed. Free internet access is also available which is another bonus.The hotel is in an excellent location and I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>RobynRAZ
<Content>best beds ever Great location for walking the city. Wonderful beds and a environmentally conscience hotel.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>chilangarubia
<Content>LOVED the Orchard Garden Hotel This was my second stay that the Orchard Garden Hotel after many happy stays at the parent property, The Orchard. I could not have been happier - the service was impeccable, the room decor soothing and the location is about as good as it gets. And, knowing that everything about the hotel is green impressed me all the more. SF needs more hotels like the Orchard Garden!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>genway53
<Content>Quickly becoming the worst kept secret in SFO OK so the room rates are outrageous for the luxurious shoe boxes, but the Orchard Garden Hotel is unlikely to remain a well kept secret for much longer. 5 day stay in mid May for medical conference. Location is just OK - about 15 min walk to the convention center but suitably out of the way of the main convention hotels to be perfect. Much of the decor and facilities described in other reviews are as good as their billing. The environmentally sound hotel management and facilities represent a paradigm shift and for which the OG will clearly serve as role model. Highlights are: great bed, wireless internet, small though highly functional workout room. Generally helpful and well informed staff who are well versed in the important role that energy efficiency and environmentally sound spaces will play in future cityscapes.I will definitely stay her e again on a future trip 鈥?if one can even get a reservation!Hold them to $270 a night tops 鈥?AAA helps.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>cleeksock
<Content>white fluffy duvet + aveda shampoo=heaven My husband and I stayed here 4 nights while he was in San Francisco for a conference. The hotel is very pretty and not very large, which we liked. It has a homey, yet elegant feel the moment you walk in.Our room was definitely on the small side, but nicely decorated. The bed was extremely comfy, with a fluffy white duvet on top. And the bathroom supplied Aveda bath products (which if you're a girl, you know that's special).The room came with a continental breakfast every morning. There was delicious fruit and yummy pastries in a very nice dining area.The best part of this hotel is the location though. It's literally on the corner of the entrance to Chinatown. I was able to walk around by myself, have lunch, do some shopping while the husband was at his conference. Not to mention it was 2 blocks (granted 2 blocks up hill) from a cable car stop that leads to fisherman's wharf. And if you walk all the way through Chinatown (about 20 minutes), you'll arrive at North Beach, which is filled with outstanding Italian restaraunts.So stay here! It's beautiful, eco friendly, and just lovely.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>alaskaztravel
<Content>great stay at the Orchard Garden I traveled to San Francisco for the first time in November, 2006, with my 13 year old daughter for a rite of passage trip, just the two of us. Booked our hotel on the internet. After endless searching, the choices were many, made reservations at a different place. Looked some more and luckily decided to make a change and go green. Cancelled our previous hotel and booked in the Orchard Garden. We got a good rate because the hotel was still under construction. My daughter and I arrived after a long day of travel, and the Orchard Garden was to be our oasis for our 4 night stay. It was convenient, gracious, serene, very sleek and clean, and all around great! We both slept as well in the hotel beds as we did at home. The bathroom was spacious and nice to use. What I loved most was the air exchange system...no need to feel closed in and stuffy, with windows I couldn't open like in most hotel rooms. The air in the room was fresh and the thermostat system easy to use so we were comfortable in the day and slept cool at night. All the people who worked there were helpful and friendly. My daughter and I felt welcome and safe.I wish we could have experienced the restaurant and rooftop garden, but they weren't done yet. Even with construction work durng the day, our room was perfect. Actually wish we could have had more time to luxuriate in our wonderful room.Walking around town I stopped by the hotel we almost stayed at. It looked nice, but big with lots of hustle and bustle. The Orchard Garden was personable and quiet. I hope to return to San Francisco someday and would love to be able to stay in the Orchard Garden again. I recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vingale
<Content>Gem at the Gates of China Town After a long flight from HI, we checked in late at the Orchard Garden. The staff was very nice, check in was a breeze. Since we hadn't had dinner yet, we asked if anything was open to serve at 9:30 p.m. Turns out there is a restaurant inside the hotel, called Roots, that was excellent!! The room was very comfortable. The bed just right and perfect for a good nights rest. The honor bar was affordable.The location was the best. The gates to China Town were right next door. We appreciate that the owner of the hotel made this a green hotel, specifically for guests with medical problems, using chemical free cleaning products. We loved this hotel and would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>screwy
<Content>Green with happiness! This was a last minute change. We were going to originally stay where our family was at the Stanford Court, but moved here for a better rate. I'm a native to the city, and wanted my visit back home to be less Union Square-y.First, I've stayed at their sister property, The Orchard, and thought that's where I had booked this reservation. I was scared when I realized it wasn't, but my fears were unwarranted. This place is beautiful. All the rooms are green: organic cleaning products, recycle bins, key-card electric, etc. I loved it. The beds are super comfy with plush comforters, flat panel TV's, free wireless, iHome alarm clocks for your iPod, Aveda products...all you can want.I had a small issue at their free breakfast, which consists of fresh baked goods (croissants the size of your foot, seriously), fruit, awesome coffee and sliced meat, and they quickly made it right, sending a lovely bottle of wine to our room. The rooftop patio is a nice place to unwind after walking all day. If you're looking for large rooms, a thousand employees, 34 elevators and groups of tourists blocking the doors, look elsewhere. If you want a good SF experience, in walking distance to Union Square, FiDi, Muni, BART and everything else, check this place out.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BDRCO
<Content>A Wonderful Find We just got back from a terrific vacation in San Francisco. The wonderful service and value from the Orchard Garden Hotel added to our vacation experience. The hotel is centrally located, within easy walking distance to China Town, Union Square, shopping, restaurants, and the BART subway system. The hotel is very modern, clean, and has terrific service. We'll be coming back for more.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>sdsoccermom
<Content>Wonderful family stay Our family of four recently stayed at the Orchard Garden Hotel April 17-19. After doing extensive research on Trip Adivsor, I booked this hotel as one of our stops during our Spring Break road trip. We had a fabulous stay. Loved this wonderful property. The employees, the service, the cleanliness and the wonderful rooms were all a pleasure. The breakfast worked well for all of us. Something for everyone including two kids. The location was perfect and we could not find fault with a thing. Looking forward to staying at the Orchard Garden Hotel the next time we visit San Francisco!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hmph
<Content>Amazing location, totally new, affordable price. I recently came back from a 5 night stay at the hotel during a conference. I specifically looked for a place which was both in walking distance from the Moscone Center, yet still far away from Powell street (and some of its dodgy inhibitants during night).The Orchard Garden was perfectly located on the entrance to China Town, 10 minutes from the conference center, and to my surprise - it was brand new!The room was great, and so was the complimentary WiFi connection and breakfast.I highly recommend this hotel, at least until they realize how low they are priced ($169 a night) compared with similar other places...  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bonnieileen
<Content>Great stay at the Orchard Garden! We just got back tonight from a 4 night stay at the Orchard Garden Hotel. Everything was great! The room and hotel was brand new, so everything was clean and fresh. The staff was very helpful and cooperative. (However, if you are expecting luxury treatments such as staff carrying your luggage for you, etc, don't count on it - we dragged ours up and down by ourselves!) One extra bonus which we really found helpful was the complimentary European buffet breakfast, full of fresh fruit, juices, coffee, homemade scones, muffins, toast, croissants, ham, cheese, etc. The location was fine, near all the shopping at Union Square, and if you are into it, it is right next to the China town gate. They also have complimentary usage of high speed computers for their guests, so you don't have to lug along your laptop. The hotel is brand new and all the kinks have not been worked out. At 4:00am we were awakened by a drill in which we all had to run down the stairs-it turned out to be a false alarm! This was the only major inconvenience since we were on the 8th floor, and had to run down all those stairs, and I have a bad knee. When I complained to the management, they comped us for the night, which was totally unexpected. All in all, we are accustomed to staying in the finest of hotels(usually the major chains), but this suited us just fine. We will definitely stay there again and highly recommend it!!!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>TravelingPartners
<Content>A Gem of a Hotel in San Francisco We decided to try one of the new, smaller boutique hotels in San Francisco. We usually stay at the larger, chain hotels (read Hyatt). The Orchard Garden hotel on Bush Street is a green hotel that we discovered on the internet. We reserved a two-day stay taking advantage of their Park and Shop special. It was a great deal for us, since we had a car to get around the City and were not thrilled at the thought of paying $35 per day just for parking. The package included parking and a great European buffet breakfast. The room was compact but very clean, efficient and green. We applaud them for their efforts to conserve the environment. The staff was always courteous and accommodating and ready to help with directions, suggestions and such. We enjoyed our stay there and definitely will return.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ghghghghghg
<Content>Green and Great They make a big deal of being the first LEEDs hotel in SF. I'm not sure exactly what it means except that the hotel is environmentally friendly. This is just a feel good bonus. The hotel is excellent whether it's green blue or brown. Flat screen Tv's were a nice surprise and some interesting elements such as the sliding bathroom door and the power killing key card. The hotel had that new freshness about it. The restaurant was excellent and the location couldn't be beat. A short and relatively flat walk to shopping. China Town was just around the corner. The front desk staff did a great job of stirring me to a not to tourisy Chineese Restaurant in China Town.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>shell0308
<Content>Loved the Orchard Garden!! My husband and I loved the Orchard Garden Hotel and would definitly recommend it!! It was new, very clean, and had a lot to offer for a reasonable price. Great location!! - everything was right outside our door....chinatown, union square shopping, cable cars. We were able to walk to everything. Great breakfast included, with fresh fruits, awesome home made scones, coffee, granola. The staff was very polite. We arrived late at night, very tired, and they immediately came out to get our bags, and valet our car. Check in/check out was fast. Staff offered us directions for our drive home. Very comfortable rooms with flat screen, mini fridge was stocked with everything, very clean spacious bathrooms. Nice Aveda products in bathroom too! The bed was sooo comfortable! We will absolutely stay here again on our next trip to San Fran. Quiet hotel. (The hotel restaurant was good, but pricey and not a huge menu selection.)  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>Charlie143
<Content>Orchard Garden Hotel not quite Above Average Newly openned in San Francisco, the Orchard Garden Hotel is really nothing special. It is in an excellent location, right down the street from the gates to Chinatown. I arrived on Superbowl Sunday-no TV in a lounge to watch the game I went and purchased a few things to enjoy the game in my room. I went to stock the empty mini refrigerator only to find it did not work. I did get switched to another room, but only after 45 minutes of haggling. The room they switched me to was smaller. Ok fine, so I watch the game, had a couple of beers. All is ok. I had also purchased some different cheeses I kept in the refigerator as well. I came back to my room day 2 and all of the contents that I had in the refigerator was sitting on the desk! Cheese of course spoiled and beer and soda no longer cold. I expressed my disappointment in how that was handled, only to hear that the vendor they hired to stock the mini refrigerator was responsible and that they were sorry. No offer to compensate for anything.On a positive note, the breakfast in the morning was very enjoyable. Fresh fruit, cereal, rolls, juice and coffee. The customer service I feel was poor.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>elizabeth94019
<Content>Orchard Garden Hotel is great I had the pleasure of staying at the Orchard Garden Hotel on February 8, 2007. The Hotel location is excellant - Union Square, shops restaurant and cable cars at your doorstep. Chinatown nearby as well. Rooms are very comfortable with king beds, marble bath and nice bath amenities. Bar and restaurant are top of the line. Excellent cocktails, food was delcious with a large choice on the menu. Best part is the staff who make the perfect combination of professional, courteous and friendly. Included in the rate is breakfast in the cheery dining room. Cold breakfast buffet with something to please everyone. Very important feature of this new Hotel, is it is rated as a green hotel. 95 percent of the building materials are recycled. Was very surprised to learn that the attractive sheer curtains were actually made from recycled plastic bottles ! Stay at a wonderful hotel and help save the planet while you are at it.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>christy2064
<Content>loved this hotel I stayed one night at this hotel. It is in a great location at the edge of chinatown, between the financial district and union square shopping area in San Francisco. The rooms are very nice, bathrooms are large. Flat screen tv's with DVD players. Beds are very comfortable. They have a business center and small gym.Roots restaurant is excellent. A group of 10 of us ate there and everyone loved their meals.Staff is young, energetic and very nice. I would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amandalynn
<Content>Great location, clean, quiet. My sweetheart and I just spent last week at the Orchard Garden Hotel. The location is great, and within walking distance to many of the city's tourist sights. Coming from a small, very quiet town I was concerned about the noise level at the hotel. I was very happy about how very quiet the hotel was, even on the eve of Chinese New Year and the firecrackers that were going off. The staff was professional but still very friendly. Breakfast was a bit spotty, get there early as the scones are worth it and the coffee is good (and I am picky about coffee). The room was a bit small, (I would have liked to have 2 sitting chairs) but the good size bathroom made up for it. Everything is new and clean, no old smoke smells. I would recommend it, we already have plans to return.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sunstarmoon
<Content>Good find, great bed   showReview(6808796, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>dmeaton
<Content>Great hotel, wonderful staff   showReview(6805300, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>koolchas
<Content>for me, not as good as the parent hotel, the orchard   showReview(6749196, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>pmaass
<Content>Fantastic Location, Great new property   showReview(6694452, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mjv07
<Content>disppointing   showReview(6621614, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>weddingplannerVail
<Content>Pretty rough around the edges, but the location is perfect   showReview(6595616, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>2	4	5	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>eye_banker
<Content>Great location, but not ready yet.   showReview(6495880, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>mlb11
<Content>good hotel, will likely be great soon!   showReview(6454395, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TXFolk
<Content>Budget Minded Choice   showReview(6310611, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>EileenPH
<Content>Yet a work in process   showReview(6175574, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>3	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>maryol85
<Content>Superbe h么tel       La chambre et la vue sur la rue  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>trixie74
<Content>Super Hotel - wir kommen wieder   showReview(20863998, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tendenze
<Content>ottimo!!   showReview(19795056, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>bacb
<Content>ottimo   showReview(19473661, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>SUPER COOLES HOTEL MIT PERFEKTER LAGE !!!!!   showReview(18535588, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>voyageurNomade
<Content>R茅server d猫s maintenant!       Chambre  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous recommandons vivement cet h么tel 茅cologique.   showReview(11664663, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

