<Author>thtcheng
<Content>Stay 2 nights with mix feeling I booked the hotel because of the excellent(4.3/5.0) review on Orbitz's website. However, my experience is a far cry from the reviews on Orbitz. On the first of our stays, we had Room 322 on the 3rd floor facing the street and the buses woke us up at 4:30AM then both me and my wife couldn't get back to sleep any more. We were stopping over in LA on our way to Vegas. So, it's really bad for us to have a bad night sleep before a 280+ miles road trip. On our way home, we stopped by the same hotel again, since I couldn't cancel my Orbitz reservation 2 days earlier after the first stay. On this 2nd time, we requested a room on the back and got 605 which was quiet but we could tell the age of the hotel.To be fair with the hotel, the location is really great and we enjoyed the Little Tokyo next to the hotel very very much.The bottom line is the reviews on Orbitz for this hotel are not reflecting trustworthy. The extra parking cost($18 for valet or $10 per day at the garage behind the hotel) should be taken into account for the cost.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>iceui2
<Content>Just a regular hotel       Outside  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>gabriellia
<Content>Poor service, no heat, and bad smell, but close to transportation, activities The Miyako Hotel was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in, and I really hate to say that because it didn't have to be. I blame the staff who cared little for the comfort of guests, and acted as if having to interact with patrons was a big interruption to their casual conversations. My room had no heat, and I tried to switch rooms a few times, to no avail. They insisted on fixing the furnace, which was fine when the heat first stopped working, but was nonsensical by the third time! The staff even sent the bellman one morning when I woke up freezing -- and he tried to make up an excuse by saying that I didn't know how to use a thermostat, which was absolutely wrong and insulting. I gave up asking for a new room, and sat in coffee shops for warmth. LA had unusually cold temps, but that's still no excuse for not having a functional heater.To make matters worse, my room smelled like mildew and old trash. I should have switched rooms just for that (they ignored that request too), but I discovered by wandering around that the ENTIRE hotel had an old, unclean smell to it, like trash, cigarettes, and mildew.Housekeeping comes by early, and if you are not ready for them by 10:30am, they stick a nasty-gram under your door. Of course, I wasn't planning to be in my room that much, considering the cold and the smell, but on the two occasions I decided to return after breakfast to make a phone call and pick up some items, they let me know that I was not welcome to linger. Also, there were only two pillows on the bed, no extra blanket, and I could not get more when I asked the housekeeping staff.Parking is not easy, but be careful! The front desk will tell you it's cheaper to park with them, but if you park in the Little Toyko Mall parking garage, which is the SAME BUILDING, they will charge you less than half of what the Miyako charges. It cost me $62 for 8 days of parking; the Miyako was going to charge me $136 ($17/day for self park, $24/day for valet).What makes me frustrated most about the stay is not the poor service at the front desk, but the lost opportunity. The hotel could have had so much to offer. The shiatsu massage was one of the best I've ever had, though the spa was dirty and the reception was not very helpful and seemed stressed. The cafe in the lobby was convenient and offered good food and service. Even the gift shop clerk was friendly and nice. Best of all was the location -- in the heart of Little Toyko, it's close to public transportation, downtown activities, a huge selection of restaurants, and has a wonderful view of city hall.I enjoy the Japanese culture and was looking forward to this visit. It's a shame that the Miyako Hotel had such poor execution. I am a quiet, respectful guest who never complains and I travel frequently on business. This is the first time I felt motivated to write a review and warn others. My recommendation: Stay here for the location, the local restaurants, and the shiatsu massage. Have a high tolerance for the cold and damp, and be able to ignore bad smells and awful service. The rates aren't low enough to account for the poor treatment of guests. And despite what I read, I did not encounter any language problems, only attitudinal.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	2	

<Author>sisigirl
<Content>Stay somewhere else I had an unpleasant and unsatisfactory experience in Miyako.I made my reservation online at Miyako official website. I reserved King size bed. When I checked in, I got 2 double beds instead. The gentleman at the front desk told me that room-type is not guarantee when making the reservation. When I made my reservation online, I was required to enter my credit card information. Quote from the website: 鈥淎ll reservations require a valid credit card number and expiration date in order to guarantee your reservation鈥? I didn鈥檛 see anything that says room-type is not guarantee when I made my reservation.I told the gentleman at the front desk that I am not happy with the 2 double beds. He then told me that the room that they assigned to me (the 2 doubles) is a free upgrade to deluxe/luxury. I asked him what is the difference between a basic and a deluxe/luxury room. He told me the furniture are better. My room # was 405 and I am NOT convinced that it is a deluxe/luxury room. Why? Part of the desk is a just a piece of dark brown wood attached to the wall with no leg. Another desk with light brown color serves as an extension of the dark brown wood on the wall. Not to mention the desk has major scratches and dents all over.I did not want to waste my time to go back to the front desk and ask for a room switch. My conclusion is I will not stay in Miyako again and I will not recommend this hotel to anyone.There was another unpleasant experience during my stay in Miyako. When I went back to the room the next day, the cleaning crew left a dirty towel on the floor inside the room.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>pettaspagna
<Content>overpriced The hotel is quite overpriced. Position is good, but you pay for the internet, you pay for the parking because it's not free ... breakfast is not included. For all these reasons, i found this hotel expensive, even though the position is good and secure, and the hotel is clean and nice.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Maugter
<Content>Great stay. Stayed at the Miyako in February, for 11 days.Staff was as friendly as can be, everything was clean inside the hotel, the room was more than large enough for the both of us and complete with a large bed.People were always smiling and happy to help.Considering location Miyako may not be a quite as fortunate as other hotels, but with a metro straight down the road, you can be anywhere within 30 mins.The area seemed safe and if you like sushi you'll be even more happy seeing as they have alot of that kind (it is Little Tokyo after all).A great stay and should I go to LA again, I would probably choose Miyako once more.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sirtravel
<Content>more than your money's worth Stayed here for business and found the hotel excellent. Located in Little Tokyo, it is perfectly located if you have business in downtown LA or surrounding areas (like Pasadena). Got a room rate of $109 on their web site and they upgraded me to the executive floor. Really didn't use the hotel except for sleeping, but the rooms were big and comfortable, the toiletries were great (Aveda products), and there were lots of good Asian food choices close to the hotel. Checked out the breakfast buffet and opted to walk down the block to Starbuck's instead -- $15 for the buffet did not seem like a good value.Rather than valet parking for $19, I used the parking lot next door (entrance just to the right of the hotel) for $14 -- not a big difference but didn't need the convenience of the valet.I might not stay here if I came as a tourist as the area is somewhat bleak, although there are a couple of museums close by and you can walk to the Dorothy Chandler Pavillion and the new Disney theatre. But the area is a bit dodgy at night with lots of homeless just a few blocks away. More business than tourist hotel. But I would definitely return for business.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>txsteveh
<Content>Great for frequent travelers The Miyako is one of those hotels not to many people seem to know about. I travel often to Los Angeles,30 weeks or more out of the year on business, and find my self trying new hotels all the time.This hotel has been consistent with every stay and is always a good place rest. The rooms are quiet, clean, and good sized. The executive rooms do offer a nice big LCD TV and upgraded bed which is nice for a small +$20 or so a day. The +$20 still makes this one of the most affordable hotels around the downtown area.The staff is great and know who I am when i walk in and the little coffee shop downstairs is great. They also have a couple very good restaurants as well as a gym and massages. Little tokyo is right next door where there is another 20 or so restaurants to choose from.All in all I never mind staying here when on business. I must have stayed here no less then 15 weeks the last 12 months and I have never had any issues.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jodcha
<Content>Clean Place, Friendly Staff I won a bid for this hotel thru Priceline for $75/night.Most sites rate this hotel 3-star, Tripadvisor rate this 2-star.Hotel exterior looks old, but once you step in, it's a different story. The lobby is bright and clean and spacious.Parking was ~$20 per 24-hour. Its valet.I had a good experience, because they upgraded us to Tokyo Executive Room. What a surprise even I booked this thru Priceline. Apparently, there were two groups of tour (from Japan I guess) checked in before us (We checked in really late night), thus all standard/deluxe rooms had been taken, we got an upgrade.The room was very good, bed very comfy, nice decor, given that I only paid $75 for an executive room in downtown LA, it was a very good deal. But I am not sure if I would say the same thing if I was in a standard room.Due to the fact that the hotel was fully booked that night, the problem was, there was not enough hot water. And that is the only thing I would complain. Water from the shower head was not strong and water wasn't even warm... I managed to finish my shower. When it was my boyfriend's turn, hot water was all gone, we called the front desk and ask for help. They allowed him to shower @ the Spa with no charge. Surpringsly, Spa has unlimited hot water for him to enjoy! and he also used the sauna. His experience was OK.Staff were all very friendly, except for one lady. They all put on a smile and tried their best to make you happy. Neighbourhood was good. Felt very safe @ late night. I am a Chinese and love Japanese food, the area has a lot of choices! Overall, this is a good hotel, and I would consider going back if I win this thru priceline again.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	5	4	

<Author>pearlroad
<Content>Nice place to stay. friendly and clean. Stayed there in a king size single room 1001. Top floor in the corner. Never heard a peep from anyone. Nice size, clean bathroom. The tv channel selections were the only downfall but hopefully you are not there for that. DVD player was also included. Attentive staff. Good room service. Across the street to a line of great asian restaurants.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>raynej58
<Content>Very Unfriendly Experience I stayed there from 1-4-08 to 1-6-08, and I have to tell you this was my worse hotel experience. First, i got there in the middle of a torrential rain, and was soaking wet when I got there. they have no shuttle from the Union Station, nor do they offer one, so I had to walk all the way there.When I checked in, as dripping as I was, no one offered me any towels, nor any way to dry my clothes (they have washers  dryers, but no one made mention of this to me). After going to my room, I noticed that the rooms have a DVD player in them (no one mentioned this either), with instructions on how to obtain a rental. I went to the Front Desk and asked about a rental, and they sent me across the street to Paradise Video to rent a DVD. After going across the street (still torrential rain coming down), they store tells me they ONLY carry Japanese DVD's. No English at all. Of course when I got back to the hotel the Front Desk looked surprised, and I found out later it was because they understood very little English.They had no complimentary newspaper (though they had Japanese newspapers at the Front Desk, all others were outside in the machine). They have NOTHING complimentary, and they even tried to close the washer/dryer room at their normal time (10:00 p.m.), even though it was still pouring outside (couldn't dry my clothes). The Fitness Center charges $20 to use the facilities, and there was nothing the hotel wanted or offered to do for me, even though I stated my grievances with them as well.There were no English food places in the area except for Subway  Togos sandwich Shops. the problem with that was no one in the hotel knew this, and I didn't find out until I had walked all around in the rain (for 20 mins) until I found them. this hotel is very English Unfriendly!!! If you aren't Japanese, you have nothing coming. Nothing wrong with the culture, but their site should state this information, and the Staff should at least know what's going on around there. This hotel is listed as a 3 Star Hotel, but it is barely a 2 Star. I had the worse time of my life there.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bearsticky
<Content>Fantastic Room Facilities, Economic Stay! Stayed here with my partner and 10yr old daughter during our one month Xmas holidays in US. Got the room thru Priceline.com at $80 per nite. We were Malaysian Chinese who emigrated to Auckland, NZ, 6 yrs ago and will be relocating to Melbourne, Australia after this US trip.Great room with 5-star hotel facilities, e.g. free broadband connection, downloaded so many movies, was awesome, has a safe, 2 dbl beds, quiet, coffee making, tv, all that a traveller basically needs. Not much variety in terms of restaurant but found a great takeaway selling grilled chicken lunch/dinners close by. Whole meal cost 3 of us only USD 15.00! Much cheaper by Melbourne standards.Room and furniture dated, but very comfortable beds, after all, when you are touring, hotel rooms are only good for sleeping, not showing off to relatives or friends, as would your home.Parking next door at USD10 per day aft 4pm, some parking close by at USD 4 flat rate but 5 mins walk. Have to be careful if walking back to hotel after dark as lots of homeless people and sleazy areas close by e.g. 3rd St, 5th St, etc. Very scary on some of these streets. My younger bro who visited LA 10yrs back, driving thru Financial District, was held at gun point by a homeless person asking him to hand over his money!My daughter had a huge and frightening cultural shock walking these streets as the bell boy made a big mistake asking us to walk and catch the local bus from these streets! My daughter queried why do we visit USA when it is such an unsafe country! (Makes one appreciate Auckland and Melbourne more) But now that you have the advantage of reading my review and as long as you don't wander off needlessly and take a cab or rent a car whenever you can (get one with GPS), you will be fine.Of course, nothing beats staying at Beverley Hills, etc. but the price you pay there is triple.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	4	3	5	

<Author>techconfgoer
<Content>Bargain with a great neighborhood feel Outwardly, the New Miyako has a strong 80s aesthetic. Inside, the rooms are really clean and comfortable. There was even a bidet and a warmed toilet seat - very Japanese! I came for a Msft show at the LA Convention Center. While it is a bit far too walk, you can easily drive and park there. The fact that your hotel will be much cheaper than something nearby - I paid $109 a nite, during a huge convention, mind you - shows you how much you'll probably save. Also, the hotel is in the midst of Japantown and sandwiched by a gentrifying loft area to the east and a trendy club area rising to the west nearer to downtown. So it's a great location, and very safe. The Japanese ramen place across the street, Daikokuya, is a Mecca for Asian noodle lovers.You'll probably get a ticket for a complimentary continental breakfast at the downstairs cafe, Take 5. Take advantage - while it's a bit carb heavy for my taste (croissant etc.) in the morning, the coffee, filtered using some exotic Japanese technology that leaves fine little bubbles, was delicious.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>N_and_R
<Content>Great Location I went to Los Angeles for a work-related conference, which was held at the convention center. I am not a big fan of the neighborhood around the LA convention center because there's really a lack of a neighborhood feel around it. Also, there is a lack of reasonable food options around the convention center.Instead of staying too far from the convention center, we decided to stay in Little Tokyo, which is relatively close to the convention center. Being a big fan of Japanese food and culture, it was a perfect solution to our problem.The hotel itself, however, was not as nice as I hoped. Basically, we got what we paid for. Our room was clean and relatively functional, but was very small. No special amenities. The doornob, I think, was in need of repair. However, free internet access was great. We had a great government rate deal (I workk for a public benefit corporation for the state of New York) which included a room, free internet, free continental breakfast, and a visit to their spa.However, by no means we felt unsafe. In terms of safety, I would feel much less safe around the convention center.If this hotel was located in a boring neighborhood, I would never recommend this hotel to anyone. However, for those who will be going to LA for a convention, I highly recommend staying at Miyako instead of any of the typical convention hotels. The hotel is centrally located in Little Tokyo, more centrally so than other hotels. We found too many wonderful places to shop and eat around the hotel than any other hotel we have ever stayed in our travels.We had breakfast mainly in their Take 5 lobby cafe, but we tried the Japanese style buffet breakfast in their 2nd floor Tamon restaurant twice. The breakfast was pretty good, since it was either part of the package at Take 5 or discounted at Tamon. However, I think it is sort of silly to stay in the hotel for your food, since there are a lot of options just outside the hotel.Also, the hotel is very close to a couple of museums (Japanese American National Museum and MOCA Geffen), both of them are worth visiting.The spa area on the third floor is clean and nice, probably not the nicest spa I have been to. I may not recommend it unless it is free. There is a coin operated laundry area, also on the third floor.In summary, I highly recommend this hotel to anyone who needs to stay in downtown LA, especially for conventions. What Little Tokyo offers more than makes up for a old and tired look of the hotel, as well as their quirky customer service. However, if you have no interest in Japanse food and culture, this location is probably not recommended.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>leclaire68
<Content>Some Good, Some Not-So-Good The Miyako wouldn't have been my first choice of places to book ... but the rate was good and I'm always interested in trying new places. In some places you can find it rated 3-stars, other places 2-stars. In my opinion, it is much closer to a 2-star property. The lobby is nice, valet parking was efficient, and the in-hotel spa ($20 for guests) was decent. The rooms, though, reminded me a bit of a tired low-quality chain hotel. The windows are small (I had a view of the parking structure behind the hotel), the carpets were a tad stained and dusty in the corners, and the sink in the bathroom was chipped. The tub's grout was stained and chunks were missing, too. It wasn't anything that made my stay horrible or anything, but it did let me clearly know that I was not in a true 3-star property. On a side note, the bathroom was equipped with a Japanese bidet and heated toilet seat system. Interesting!The one big gripe I had was the bed. The bedding was fine, but the mattress was provided by Lucifer himself, I'm sure. I felt every spring, especially those the lined up oh-so-perfectly with my rib cage. Since one books a hotel to sleep, I found the bed to be quite a disappointment. On the whole, the Miyako could be a much better hotel with a small to medium sized infusion of cash. Right now, it just comes off as a cheap imitation and not a place to call home for very long.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wanderer
<Content>The Miyako's not bad I stayed here with my 11 year old daughter over a recent 3 day weekend. The Miyako was fine--clean (except for somewhat dirty windows), quiet, comfortable. Some of the staff were a bit abrupt, but nothing I thought was terrible. I believe the heating and cooling was centrally controlled--one night it did feel a bit warmer than ideal, though nothing terrible. The furnishings were reasonably attractive, though with only a few Japanese touches.The one service problem I had was that my rate was 159 the first night, 109 for the second. They confused this and I had to correct them when I checked in, they confused it again and I had to correct them when I checked out. It got straightened out.They wouldn't let me check in early but they willingly held luggage before check in and after check out.We avoided the $19 parking charge--which is actually relatively low for LA--by not having a car. The hotel is walking distance from the Union Station transit hub, the Civic Center Red Line subway stop, and tons of buses. As people mentioned, there's lots of terrific food right around the hotel--we had great ramen at Orochon--on the 3rd floor of the Weller Court minimall. There are a lot of hotels in LA where you can't walk to anything, so having restaurants, stores, theatres, museums within walking distance is not trivial. The area always had at least some people around, which some parts of Downtown LA don't (I saw maybe half a dozen non-aggressive street people hanging out in locations away from the commercial district).The Miyako is cheaper than a lot of LA hotels. I wouldn't rush back but I wouldn't avoid it either.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>grebo007
<Content>should be a 1 star I paid 140 dollars for 1 night to get a room that was small and had no a/c. The room got really stuffy and couldn't sleep all night! The bedding was dirty and so were the towels. I can't believe expedia rated this hotel as a 3 star..The room quality was dated..Not to mention the 19 dollar parking fee plus 2 dollar tip..So the total cost 161 plus 3 bottle waters= 164.00. Are you kidding me? Oh yea I also got sick from not sleeping..Not a good trip needless to say...!!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>California_Wine
<Content>Good for going cheap and 10x better than Motel6 Went for a business trip to downtown Los Angeles, and didn't want to spend a lot. The hotel is actually located in a good spot because the Japanese outdoor mall area is next door. All the shops and restaurants you need if you like Japanese food. Across the street too. All are cheap and good. Back in August 2006 the hotel had paid parking from the garage behind it, and I actually could see my car from the room so that was good. Area seemed safe, and didn't see any bums. Mostly tourists. The rooms are as advertised, comfortable and clean, but the wi-fi doesn't work past the fourth floor or something. You'll have to come down to the lobby to check email on your laptop. Considering what other hotels are charging, and their sorry locations, this one is a good deal.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>3	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Maxing-n-Relaxing
<Content>Tries to punch above its weight - not a 3* I stayed a couple of nights at the Miyako. The lobby is the nicest part of the hotel, if only because of the marble floor and sliding glass doors.The rooms are spartan and a bit dated, basically a bit less nice than a Holiday Inn Express or Howard Johnson. Apparently you can pay extra for a better furnished room - but why not just stay at a nicer hotel if you want to pay more. The room was clean and a reasonable size. In the bathroom the shower head was at an unreasonably low height (this is a Japanese hotel).In terms of facilities, the coffee shop is crammed into one corner of the lobby and the shop is in another. The business centre is a small room (I hesitate to say broom cupboard) off to the side. There is no swimming pool and the spa facilties cost extra (one reason I think this hotel is not a 3*, which some travel websites list it as).I found the staff a bit mixed. One front desk agent was overall polite but a little surly, but two other ladies were very polite.The big plus point from my point of view was free overnight parking on the street right outside. You have to circle the block a couple of times to get a space, but it saves on the $18 the hotel charges.Overall this isn't a bad hotel, there are just nicer places to stay.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	3	4	3	-1	3	

<Author>NEWYORK1961
<Content>No sleep hotel! In town for business,booked for 3 nights close to my! meeting,rooms are ok!but if you want to get a goodnite of sleep avoid this place because on 3rd floor there is a karoke bar/OJAH BAR thats open allnite,you hear the loud noise allover the hotel,i spoke to the gm he told me that's how it is!very rude!so i checked after i nite!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	1	1	

<Author>WonderSAdven
<Content>Not bad for lone female traveller. This hotel was not bad for the money. The room was clean and the staff was friendly. I was a young female staying alone for business and I didn't feel unsafe. The worst thing was the rooms were not very well lit and upon entering the lobby it smelled horribbly like fish. However, the rooms did not smell. The staff was quite friendly but there was a bit of a language barrier. They had many papmplets available at the desk for tourist attractions in the area. Free parkng and close to major freeways. Overall, I would stay in the hotel again. The other hotels in the area were much more expensive in comparision.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>continent-hopping
<Content>Great place to stay at a good price Located in downtown LA, it is good value for the money. For the tourists who don't have a car, the subway is 2 blocks away (12 minutes' walk) and takes you directly to Hollywood and Universal Studios, where all the tourist attractions are.For tall people (over 6 foot or 180cm), the bed may be too small. Otherwise, it is a great place to stay. Clean and tidy. Much better than motels, and just a bit less than the Hilton. Will definately stay there again. And if you need an internet connection for working, take the rooms with DSL, they are worth it!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	3	5	

<Author>Scubatripper
<Content>Japanese Elegance at the Miyako What an incredible find. Located in LA's Little Tokyo, the Miyako is an oasis with elegantly appointed rooms done in simple Japanese decor. The rooms were good sized and the bathrooms were large with high-tech toilets that do everything but...... Just think toilet/bidet and massage in one. Even though it's downtown, the neighborhood seemed very nice and friendly, even at midnight. There's a dozen Japanese restaurants right across the street and a small inner city mall nearby. The staff was at the least, prompt and efficient and at best, very friendly. My only caveat would be the plasma screen TVs. You say plasma screen and you think high end. But I've noticed at many hotels with plasma TVs that the screens just aren't very good: blurry, poor resolution and pixelation. But it certainly makes a good impression when you walk in the room. I usually stay in West Hollywood, but on a budget. The price, $115, with free broadband and convenience of the Miyako will be hard to beat.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>museum8888
<Content>If you're in that area, it's THE place If you need or want to stay downtown and near Little Tokyo, you can't beat it. I had business meetings very nearby, so it was the logical choice for me (since I didn't want to bother with a car), but I was ultimately impressed by the room and staff. I booked through an online room broker and when I called the day before my arrival to confirm the reservation, the hotel staff had no information--yet. (The broker ended up not faxing my reservation until the day of arrival.) In any case, during the phone calls before the reservation came through--when I was a nervous wreck--the front desk staff was unfailingly polite and also advised me on how to resolve the issue. The common areas of the hotel are very clean, and my room was spotless. There were small nicks in the furniture, and this is clearly not a new hotel, but the room was spacious and well-appointed. The snack bar in the lobby had quite a selection of drinks, sandwiches and snacks and is open long hours, and there are some fun sushi shops right around the corner. It's kind of a scruffy neighborhood, but I did not feel unsafe. The rates are also extremely reasonable.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Leesw8
<Content>great location Pleasantly surprised by the hotel - ideal for downtown, and despite the other reviews, we felt very safe in the area.We did use the valet parking option at $16 per night.Rooms were basic and fine.Breakfast was included with the AAA rate, which was not great and we did not have it everyday - it was served at a sort of cafe in the lobby.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Anna1201
<Content>Ridiculous Parking and not safe location I travel all the time and this was the worst experience I have had regarding service. The hotel itself is nice and cute with good rooms. My problem is the location........freaking scary. The only safe area is standing in front of the hotel and the few restaurants across the street. If you walk around the block it is covered with homeless people and not safe at all. Also the parking is a freaking joke. If you don't get your tickets validated every time, you can't leave the garage. I asked if they can call the hotel and verify my room, they said no. I even had a sheet that the hotel asked me to fill out stating I was paying the daily rate of $14 and she the parking attendent said no. I had to go back to my room, go down to the lobby, get my ticket validated then get out of the garage. By the way, the garage is NOT connected, you have to walk in a narrow corridor to get to it through a dark passageway. Are you kidding me????? I will never ever stay here again. I even spoke to the manager about it, and they said that's just how it is. I should be able to put a flyer on my vehicle to show that I piad for parking and just have the attendent open the gate, just like many other hotels do. About the rooms, the bed is a rock, but I liked it.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	1	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>PatrickTravels
<Content>Nice hotel for the money in spite of the location For one night in LA I was looking for an affordable hotel but one that wasn't too tired nor in a scary neighborhood. I was interested in the Miyako as a pre-Japan immersion but had no need to be downtown. My first choice was the Travelodge in Santa Monica on Pico. I've stayed there before and like the hotel and location. When I compared prices about a month before the trip the Travelodge was $99 and Miyako was $109 plus approx $20 for parking. Then about two weeks before the trip I checked again and the prices were switcehd; Miyako at $99 (via their website) and Travelodge at $109. Hence we stayed at the Miyako....and it was a very pleasant experience.Finding the hotel was easy as was valet parking. Desk clerks were fine and yes they speak English. I have no idea what other reviewers were talking about. The clerk also upgraded us to a business room that was fnatastic and very nice. He even went out ofhis way to tell us about the immigrant march planned for the next day and gave us a map with the route and any parking resirctions. He even gave some guidance on driving away from the march area. He was very helpful.We didn't eat at any of the restaurants. There's a Starbuck's-style coffeee place off the lobby but instead I walked to a real Starbuck's two blocks away (west?, left out the door) at the Otani.Neighborhood is tired afterall it is downtown LA so there weren't really any otpions for dining. THen again it's LA so hop in the car and drive somewhere.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>AZ-Dude
<Content>Not fancy, but clean and quiet I stayed at the Miyako the weekend of Feb. 16-18, 2007. I booked my room through Orbitz, which was a mistake, as they charged me for an upgrade room which was not available through Orbitz, but I finally talked the hotel into giving me the room I wanted (Tokyo King). If you want to stay here DO NOT BOOK THROUGH ORBITZ (aka Cheap Tickets)!The hotel itself is nice in a minimalist way. My room was very clean, and the staff was pleasant. There are no on-site dining facilities except for a coffee shop in the lobby, and the Miyako is not convenient to most of LA's better restaurants. There are numerous quick dining places in nearby Little Tokyo, however, so at least you won't starve. I took a shuttle in from LAX, which cost $16. When I was ready to leave, I asked the hotel to get me a seat on a shuttle bus back to the airport. Unfortunately, if you need this service you must make your request the day BEFORE. If you don't, a cab ride to the airport costs $42.Overall, the Miyako is a decent mid-priced hotel that's fairly close to downtown LA. I may stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>LaubsMom
<Content>Heart of Little Tokyo-Close to Amtrak Station My husband and I recently did some traveling via Amtrak. We had an overnight stay in Los Angeles so I chose a Hotel that would be close to the Amtrak station. The Miyako is in Little Tokyo, I did realize this when I made the reservations but didn't realize what the situation would be. Much of the information in the room was in Japanese so I couldn't read about anything that the Hotel had to offer. We arrived rather late in the evening. The hotel lobby was a little scary to me at first and I was really worried that I had made reservations to stay there. Our room was ok, nothing special. I really did enjoy the linens on the beds though. They also had down comforters, something you don't find in a lot of hotels these days. They do charge for phone calls, even when you have a calling card. I had to get the front desk to allow my call by giving my credit card number to them once again. Most Hotels where I have stayed do not charge for calling card calls. It wasn't a big deal just somewhat of an inconvenience.The following morning I made a trip to the lobby and was surprised by the difference from the night before. They have a gift shop and a small cafe that was opened and it really helped brighten up the look of the lobby.I had hoped to check out some nearby restaurants while we were there since we had time before we needed to catch the train but my husband wasn't that comfortable so we just headed back to Union Station.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>gottagosomewhere
<Content>What a nice surprise! Would stay again... I was very surprised of the value and quality of this hotel for a regular room. For the same price elsewhere, for example in or near Hollywood, I would have not been able to get such a nice and quiet room. I would stay at this hotel again.Good:+Quiet and clean room+Reasonably priced+Room is great for singles, couples, etc+Wireless+Nice white duvet with down comforter+Subway station: 4.5 blocks to Civic Center Subway Station (can get to Hollywood/Universal in 20mins)+Close to financial district鈥攃an walk or take modern city shuttles for 25 cents+Unique area-Little Tokyo+Coffee shop within 1.5 blocks-Starbucks (at New Otani Hotel)+Japanese supermarkets nearby offering snacks, bottled water, alcohol and other foods+Staff were friendly and helpful+Nice lobby and corridors+Airport Flyaway Bus to/from Union Station for $3 (Union is one stop from Civic Center Station or you can walk from the hotel in approx. 15 minutes. There is also a metro bus that can be taken close to the hotel that goes to Union station for $1.25)Poor:-Shower was not of hotel standard, although the rest of the washroom was fine. Later I didn't worry much about the shower-wasn't such a big problem.-Lack of restaurants except for Japanese ( but this is understandable for the area being Little Tokyo. Some of these restaurants were only so-so.Other notes:Some travelers mentioned about the homeless in the area. I did see about 4 a day walking by but they kept to themselves. Basically, the area is not that bad at all but I imagine the further east you go, for example East 4th street and San Pedro, it may be a different story yet there is really no need to go to that area. The funny thing is even in Beverly Hills I saw a homeless man, so go figure.Also, I read from others that the beds are very firm. The truth is that they鈥檙e a little on the firm side but not as much as one would think by reading these posts. It鈥檚 definitely true for your back to sleep on more of a firm bed than an overly soft one. And, I actually did sleep very well. No problems at all with this.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lite2shine
<Content>Fine hotel for downtown tourist I stayed here during Veterans weekend. I wanted to attend the Japanese American Natural History Museum across from the hotel, so I wanted to stay here so that we don't need to drive a short distance if we stayed other hotels in downtown.The lobby area is small as well as the hotel room (I stayed at a standard room) but it was clean and fine. I don't think their restaurant or breakfast was great for the price but don't eat at the hotel as there are many restaurants in Little Tokyo just around the corner.Caution: the area around the hotel isn't that bad, but you don't want to go down the 3rd street/olive. I forgot to turn on Olive and suddenly I was driving in a skid row.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jrscribbler
<Content>Don't be scared. This place is fine. Agree with the last few reviews. I booked on Priceline and was a little nervous after reading the hatchet jobs on here. Checked in and, as someone who stays in downtown LA on business a lot, I can tell you the place was totally fine. Sure, you could do a lot better but you could definitely do a lot worse. Rooms are small and clean, service was fine, and the price was right.It's not a particularly nice or fancy place -- personally, I don't know if I would give it 3 stars. Two, or maybe 2 1/2 if we're being picky. And it has a few advantages -- free high-speed internet is great, and if you've stayed in downtown LA before you know that at $15/day for valet, parking is frankly a bargain.It ain't the Four Seasons but if you just need a place to lay your head for a few days and you can get a good rate, the Miyako is a completely adequate option. No bad experiences to report at all.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	3	4	

<Author>OriginalGtoBill
<Content>Great Hotel Comfortable Stay Friendly and Helpful Staff I read reviews of this hotel while searching for a place to stay. The 'negs' put me off. Then I went to Priceline and what did I get? Miyako Hotel. We arrived around 8pm dreading the no non-smoking rooms if late checkin - What were we met with? Pleasant, cheerful and helpful staff from the car valet, to the concierge and to the desk man. I handed over my Priceline reservation - asked for a non-smoking room and off we were. Nice room - standard layout but with good lighting fixtures, comfy beds- the window even opens. The reason I write tonight is to counter the negs I read earlier:This is a clean and professionally run hotel. Its LA and there have always been interesting street people around. The few street folk we did encounter [only 1 near the Miyako] where actually polite and could be buzzed of easy if that was what you felt like doing.] There is not a liquor or beer store on the block. Litte Tokyo is a nice block and if you walk a bit [go to right exiting hotel] you enter a 'Japanese' street ' actually part of the mall/office complex which makes Little Tokyo all the larger. Another minute down the street a nice Cuban restaurant and next door to it a tendy micro brewery. This is a GOOD location. From my 2 day experience with this hotel I cannot say anything negative [ there was an impending water shutdown - announced 2 days in advance in various notices and on the -'day of'- notes were slipped under every door advising of this '5 to 15 minute inconvenience' This is a professionally run hotel with a wonderful 100% pleasant and helpful staff. Good location - I would not hesitate to book there again.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RoadWarriorChris
<Content>Room with a 10th Floor View Well, I don't know what's going on on floors 1 through 9, or really, what's up with all the vitriol of some of the other reviewers, but up here on 10, I have a view of the mountains, a very comfy bed (a strong contender to all the biz chains' bedhead/heavenly etc. offerings), well-appointed surroundings, cool mini-soap to add to my collection (may I never purchase toiletries again!) and a Buddhist text in addition to your ubiquitous Gideon's Bible. Daddy like.I can't imagine bedbugs in this room.Look -- I upgraded (from the standard room booked through PL immediately upon checking-in) based on previous reviews, but honestly, I can't imagine a tiered level of service/accommodation here that could be that extreme.The obligatory list of cons (on the business tip):1) No available outlets near the work desk.2) When I'm done working, why can't I ever (in the Miyako, the Hilton, or the Hyatt) watch the few shows I enjoy on TV? It's 2006 -- why am I still limited to Discovery, Oprah and HBO? Sorry, that's an ongoing gripe. Death to OnCommand.That's it. I usually have a few more.Bottom line: This hotel's average review is erroneously slated way too far towards the negative. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>yukoy
<Content>ok hotel Stayed 2 nights in July '06. Ok for $89/night. Free fridge in the room was great. Room was fine too. Only thing was the water. It smelled like sewage water. I made coffee with this water and tasted bad too. When I made coffee with same coffee packet at Hotel Otani a couple days later it was fine so it must have been the water at Miyako. Has free high speed internet.Good for the price if you can book it for less than $100/night. If not, Otani is better.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	3	4	4	

<Author>visitor1095
<Content>Bad faith. Won't stay again. Booked room through PLine. Asked for non-smoking. Gave me smoking, smelly room overlooking busy street. Blamed this on late booking. I believe this was not because the non-smoking rooms were booked, as the hotel seems uncrowded and not busy, but because of the priceline booking. Poor location of self park in public lot distant from rooms, elevator. Room in bad shape. Cigarette burns in table. Stained chairs. Bathroom in bad shape, cracked tile, cracked sink. Someday, someone will file a class action against priceline/these hotels which typcially do not provide the three or four star class advertised by priceline. Further, priceline does not notify purchasers that parking is not free.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travellator
<Content>Good Enough For Short Stay Stayed here one night with three family members after getting a pretty good deal with Priceline. Check-in was easy and all our dealings with the staff was courteous and quick. Space felt a bit small with four adults and our baggage. The room and bathroom felt slightly worn, but it wasn't much of an issue to us, though it may be to others. I agree with other reviewers when they say that it's not AS nice as it shows in the hotel's website.As for location, it is in downtown LA which isn't a particularly convenient spot if you're doing the touristy things, which we were, and LA traffic doesn't help the distance. The front desk explained both the valet and self-serve parking options. We used the hotel's valet, which was easy and quick, even though it cost more than the self-serve parking around the block. All in all, we were satisfied with our stay, especially considering what we spent and the time we were there. Though i'm not sure I would choose a downtown hotel to base my stay in LA as a tourist.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>segraybill
<Content>Great Place!! I was pretty nervous after reading some of the reviews, but the room turned out to be great!!! The staff was very helpful from the moment we walked in until we checked out. The room was very nice and the bed with the thick comforter was very comphy. I would definately stay there again!!!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>alertvideo
<Content>Enjoyed my stay very much Stayed 5 nights at the Miyako a couple of weeks ago and enjoyed it. All things considered it compared favorably (minus the restaurants) to my stay at the Westin Bonaventure in late June. It IS in Little Tokyo and definitely has a Japanese feel to it - I don't understand why this surprises people. My room was above average and comfortable. The efficient and friendly staff made my stay a good one and I would stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>allady
<Content>make sure you get a nonsmoking room I got this room through Expedia, asked for a non smoking room. Arrived and there were no nonsmoking rooms available, except for $40.00 more. We visited the smoking room, which was on the smoking floor and didn't make it more than 2 steps into the room, before we were overcome by the smell. Take a Vegas casino and multiply it by 10,000 and you have the level of stench. Never have I encountered a worse smell. It would have been unbreathable, so we couldn't stay there. The hotel would not cancel the reservation or refund the money, but Expedia made good on the deal. No monetary loss, but it was 4pm and we had no room. We stayed at the Days Inn, cheaper, bigger room, great bathroom, smokefree, free breakfast, friendly, helpful people and $4.00 a day parking. You do the math.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>littlejoy
<Content>Glorified Motel 6!! We stayed at the Miyako for just one night, which is good, because that is all I could handle! We got a cheap price on Priceline, thank goodness, as I would never pay full price for this hotel. I would be extremely upset if we had to pay more than our $50 on priceline. Our standard room was very plain, no decor on walls, just the headboards. I did check for bedbugs, but all seemed ok there-Shower heads are made for people on the shorter side, and bathrooms needed to be upgraded a bit. Peeling wallpaper, chipped paint in sink, and faucets didnt work too well. Could hear neighbors every time they took a shower or flushed toilet.The valet parking fee was high, $15, but so is all the parking in downtown LA, so I was expecting it. The one thing I did like was that the rooms had a DVD player, which was great for my 3 yr old. Staff was pretty friendly, the bellhop guy, who took our luggage up to our room, was extremely friendly, and even made us a map, with good,local sushi resteraunts. I wouldnt want to stay here again, but if you are looking for a decent room with just a place to lay your head, this will suffice.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Miyako Hotel, Japanese for Cheap Motel 6!! Stayed at this dump for one night, although the rate was cheap through priceline, you are fore warned, you definitely get what you paid for, or maybe less, yes, definitely less. In all my years of using priceline, this was by far the worst hotel I have every stayed in, simply awful. O.k, in all honesty, it did serve its purpose, if you really need a bed for a night, but you have my sympathy if you are in this dump for more than one night. Where do I start, if your over 6' tall, you will definitely know what its like to be Shaq!! The rooms are so small, I kid you not, you will feel like a 7 footer, so small that the ironing board was the right height for my 7 year old....I'm still laughing about that, no kidding...at 6'2, the shower head literally came to my chest!! The staff is definitely not very friendly and the parking spaces are a joke and then some.. Park next door at the Little Tokyo Mall indoor parking lot, its $6.00 over night, but you don't have in and out privileges. I honestly was happy that I only had to stay here one night. I read reviews that said this place wasn't bad...PLEASE!!!!!!! Again, if you really only need a room for a night, and you don't give a (you know what), this place is o.k., but the feeling is cheap, although the lobby as stated earlier does look nice, HOWEVER, the rooms are cheap, in much need of remodeling and then some....Awful best describes it...I did not notice any bed bugs, which had been a major complaint among others. Whatever you do, please do not expect much with these rooms, they are really a poor man's Motel 6, so definitely leave the light on!!! This was the first time I ever was in a hurry to check out, seriously!!! The whole time I was here, I was wishing I had two more hands, to give this place four thumbs down!!!!! Its definitely catered toward Vietnamese and midgets!! On a scale of 1 - 20, I'd probably give this place a 3, and thats being generous!! believe me, I'd avoid this place if I were you!! Don't be fooled folks, this place is a one, no better yet no-star hotel!!! I have seen better Motel 6  Red Roof Inns, I would never stay here again, and that's the truth! Avoid at your own risk!!!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Trip To Little Tokyo       More city views from Standard Room  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Bed Bugs! I was seriously concerned when reading several accounts of bed bugs associated with this hotel. The first thing I did getting into the room was to inspect our beddings to make sure there were no tiny moving specs anywhere. There were none of course.We got a room at the hotel through Priceline. It was clean, decent-sized, and a great value for its price. The best thing is its location -- right next to a Japanese mall with cute little shops, a bakery, and great Japanese restaurants. I would give it an Excellent rating but the parking arrangement was a little confusing. The lot for self-parking was not that clean. Overall, it is in downtown LA, close to many attractions -- a place we will stay at again.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Yodaleyet
<Content>Very Helpful Stayed there in October. There were problems with bedbugs in the room. We informed the manager who moved us to another room. Had to write to head office for a refund. Didn't really think we should have to pay for the privilege of being eaten alive!! Everything was sorted out eventually to our satisfaction. Staff and management will go the extra mile if push comes to shove. Will stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Strongly recommended We stayed in this hotel from Nov 24 to Nov 27 2005. The hotel staff is very friendly. Our room was upgraded to deluxe room at no extra cost and had an awesome view of LA downtown skyline. The hotel room was very clean, bed was cozy, room ambience was nice and hotel itself is nicely located on the outskirts of downtown. Hotel parking is 14$ valet parking with multiple entry howvever one can park in the Tokyo Mall parking overnight right next to hotel for 6$ a day and just 3$ for weekend. This hotel is awesome for the price they charge. I booked it through priceline. Starbucks, Quiznos and Subway are close by. Room had fridge, internet connection and electronic locker. Like others mentioned, there are homeless people in the area but then that would be true for any hotel in downtown area. I recommend it and would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mstaigertravel
<Content>Great place The hotel was great, we were upgraded with a nicer room with white down comforter and the parking is small but cheap comparing with other hotels downtown Los Angeles. We enjoyed all the inexpensive asian restaurant. As a travel agent I will difinitely recomment this hotel. The room was clean but the bathroom needs cleaning. The shower area has mildew in between the tiles. I see this problem anywhere including 5 star hotel. This is the only reason why I marked 4 star ratings. Otherwise everything is great.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>texasbanzai
<Content>Better than you'd think I stayed at this hotel for 7 days/6 nights while attending PDC 2005. I registered late, so most of the hotels downtown were booked. I really had low expectations after finding this one still had rooms, but when I got there I was pleasantly surprised. Others I had gone with stayed at the Figueroa, but this was much better. I've seperated this into 2 sections, the good and the bad.The Good:--------------------As a preface: This hotel IS in Little Tokyo. There is no denying that. All the stores, restaurants in about a 2 block radius are decidely Japanese. However, the area just seems to exude a safe feel. It is, of course, downtown LA, but I found myself trying to rush back to Little Tokyo when I was walking at night. I saw, perhaps, 5 homeless in the area while I was there, and I was never panhandled. This was, for sure, a stark difference from, say, the financial district or the convention center area, where I most definitely felt unsafe and was constantly baraged with requests for change. Long story short: I felt safe walking around the area of the hotel, even at midnight.I booked a Deluxe room (they have 4 room types, the Standard, Deluxe, Executive, and Tokyo). The hotel seems somewhat unkept, but is without a doubt a 3+ star hotel. The rooms are fairly big. Mine came with a nice, plush comforter, good pillows, a leather executive chair at the desk, a nice sized TV (25-27 or somewhere thereabouts) with around 20 channels, including 2 movie channels (HBO and what I think was HBO2), 3 ESPN channels, the locals, Cartoon Network, and a few others (one is entirely in Japanese). Also, they had FREE wireless internet. It said it was only on a few, distinct floors, but I was on one of the other floors, and it worked fine for me. They say they offer wired service also, but I couldn't find this in the room. It also says they will let you borrow a wireless PC card if you need it. The bathroom was nice and big, and definitely clean. The toilet came equipped with a bidet system, if you're into that sort of thing, but if you aren't, it's completely optional, and you can just ignore it (if you're like me). Overall, I would give the rooms a B+ (let's say a run-of-the-mill Holiday Inn is a D on my chart).The staff is probably less friendly than they could be, but I didn't find this to be offensive. It did seem that this hotel was big with Oriental tourists (the Miyako is apparently a well known chain in Japan), so I did feel a little out of place. Most of the patrons were well dressed most of the time, which was much different from my jeans-and-t-shirt style.The Miyako also has a nice little bistro downstairs, named Cafe Take 5, which was very nice. The staff wasn't exactly of Starbucks quality (less curteous, and more this is my after school job), but the quality of the food was nice. The cafe mocha was definitely better than Starbucks, any day, and about $1.50 cheaper. It also extends out on the street, and I found this somewhat trendy and cool. The hotel also has a restaurant that looked good, but nothing sticks out to tell you it's on the 2nd floor, not the 1st, so I never tried it. As a fan of the bland food, the staff was able to give me alternatives to less-exotic food establishments, including an Italian one down the street.One of my favorite things was the store downstairs. It was nice, and cheap. 20oz Cokes were $1.50, but this was a welcome surprise to the normal $3 I pay at most hotels. I also bought some Tylenol a few times, and it was only $0.75 for the little 2 pill package. I definitely didn't feel like they were trying to gouge me for money.I didn't have a car the time I was there, and honestly, I could see how this would be a pain. There really didn't look to be much parking potential in the area. Personally, I would skip the car and make your way around. The DASH, a smaller local bus system, is only about 1 block away, as well as the nearest Metro stop (they are right next to each other). I found myself using the Metro most of the time to make my way around the city, and then just catching a Taxi back to the hotel at night.Now, to the bad:--------------------I found, as others did, that the shower head was low (let's say the shower head is right about 5' 6, so right about to my nose). The water came out of the nozzle in a concentrated stream, which I didn't like, but I came to get used to it. I am used to running the shower water a minute or two to heat up the water at home, but doing this here resulted in about a 1/4 of water in the tub which I had to drain. Of course, the water came out hot pretty quickly, so I was simply doing this out of habit.Also, the bathroom always smelled a little...sanitary. I'm not sure if it was the bidet system, or just the city water, but it was a little annoying. I learned to shut the toilet cover and close the bathroom door. Really, no biggie.The hotel room was a little noisy. Nothing awful, just somewhat of a constant, very faint rumble that seemed to come from outside the room. Not sure if it was the A/C unit or what. I always go to sleep with the TV on, so I just had the TV drown out the background noise.The bed was a little firm for my taste. I had 2 queens, so I thought about sleeping on top of one of the comforters, and taking the sheets of the other bed to cover up, to try and get a little extra padding. Again, not a deal breaker. I just wished the beds were a little plusher.Lastly (and this is just a personal quirk), housekeeping had a tendency to move my things in the bathroom. Normally, I'm ok with this if they'll take it and nicely arrange it on a towel or washcloth or something, but this was much more a push-to-the-side job. I could have down without that. Of course, I didn't complain and ask for it to be done differently, so they might have made an exception for me.Overall:--------------------Overall, excelent. This fit right in @ $99/night. In downtown LA, I think this was a steal. I would stay here again, without a doubt.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stayed for Universal Studios trip--good deal but Area ---- My husband  I got a great deal on the Miyako Hotel in downtown LA on priceleine. the hotel's website is great, sharing what appears to be actual pictures of an upscale tendy hotel. the hotel itself was about a 1-2 star, tops. the room was clean  the rest of the hotel was small  lower than average. the area on the other hand was terrible. we stayed there to visit Universal Studios the next day. the commute was about 30 minutes  traffic was awful. the parking is the worst. the second night we has to park in the gross strip mall's parking lot. the hotel only has about 15 spaces  they are jammed pack together. i did not feel safe  the staff was SO RUDE! they didn't even make eye contact with us as we were chicking in. I would not stay here again, not even in a suite.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I have stayed any many hotels in Los Angles i have stayed at many hotels  have been going to the miyako hotel inn for about 2 years when I go to los angles  have found that the service has went down hill the only good thing is the massage the rest gives me stress they have a steam room that is filthy I mean band aids on the floor the steam room that hardly comes out slime on the floor i asked the front office of the spa witch was a man could the steam room come out a little harder  could the band aids be picked up he runs in the ladies part of the spa not caring of you are in the nude or not picks up the band aid and walks turning up the steamrom so high it burns you out so i went to go get a towel i look and there was blood on the towel i told once again to the attendants i got the blow off the whirlpool that does nothing no smell of chorine at al the whole 2 years i have been going there when i check in this hotel it never fails i am waiting 30-40 min just to get my reservation right money! money! money ! that all this hotels cares about for the price of this hotel and now the cost to get the toe infection out of my toe from the filth i think that will be the last time i will stay at the miyako period there are too many hotels in los angles that are clean and care about there guest !  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not very confirtable I found this hotel on a Hotwire deal and it was rated 3 stars. So I booked it, but I found this place to be only good as 1 or 1 1/2 star hotel. Very noicy, you can hear all kind of noices from inside and outside the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Ebayer
<Content>Nice Hotel Stayed here 6-19-05 to 6-21-05. No hassles, friendly check-in. Adequately furnished room with a mini ref and free DSL internet. Requested extra pillows and tootbrush (forgot ours at home) and we got it in about 10 minutes. Location is at the very heart of Little Tokyo which means lots of great Japanese places to eat at but also some panhandlers/beggars/homeless people around. If this bothers you then the location of this place is not for you. Hotel caters mainly to Japanese Tourist (at least that was my impression). Parking is $8 for 24 hours (with in and out priveleges). I got this hotel though a 3* priceline bid for downtown LA for less than $50 and I wouldn't mind getting it again if the opportunity presents itself again.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LutefiskHater
<Content>Good staff and location nice staff and great location. Room was satisfactory. Great place to stay if you want to visit Little Tokyo and Chinatown. Coffee shop in lobby is very good and has reasonable prices. The breakfast buffet was good. The only cons were no bellboys to haul luggage and the staff could not give us directions to the airport. Not a bad place to stay. Not luxury but decent and clean.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Recommended! Clean, friendly, safe, and comfortable, the Miyako Hotel was a very satisfying stay for me.The coffee shop and gift shop on the 1st floor were nice and convenient, and I enjoyed eating at the restaurant on the 2nd floor which had very reasonable prices considering the quality. The location in Little Tokyo is great, and it was also very convenient and quick to use the DASH bus (which has stops very close to the hotel) for only 25 cents to go to downtown locations.Usually I get tired after staying a week at a hotel on a business trip, but not this time.I will definitely try to book a room here again on my next trip to LA.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>You15
<Content>Impressed Visted Inn since I had been interested in staying at the Inn but was turned off by some of the prior reviews. I was at the Japenese American Museum and decided to walk over to the Inn (1/2 blocks away) to check out the Inn. Glad I did!!Lobby: Very impressive. Clean, friendly, elegant and modern. In the Lobby there is a sitting area, a coffee bar, a nice resturant and a small shop. Very hip.Parking: There is parking for the hotel. The hotel has its own parking structure, not a parking lot. The parking is $8.80 a day for its guests.Neighborhood: Very nice, seems very safe, clean and right next door to Little Tokyo. Very impressed with location and how nice the surrounding area seemed to be.I am going to stay at this hotel next time I am in town.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel The hotel was very cozy, and the room was excellent! They would deserve EXCELLENT if I had not had the bad experience during breakfast. There are 2 restaurants in the building, our first day in LA, we had breakfast in the one located in the lobby. It was OK, but we were still looking for something with more options. On the 2nd day, we went to the restaurant located in the 2nd floor. We were received by a very nice lady, who showed us the menu. We loved it! It said that they would have different types of bread, juice, fruit....but, when we saw it, croissants didn't exist, only regular toast was available. When we asked the same lady, she said that they choose what to serve every day out of the menu....so, why bother writing a menu and showing it to the guests???The location was good, but I strongly recommend renting a car. The hotel parking was limited, but we had no problem to park our car in the next door parking lot.Yes, there are several homeless people in the area, but it didn't scare us.There are wonderful restaurants in the area (walking distance), and if you are a Japanese food lover, you will have a blast!Overall: it was worth it!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>really liked it ! the reviews here on this site really helped me and my hubby to book this hotel in the place, so i wish to chip in my bit too !we stayed at the miyako inn, while in LA which was really a pleasant stay. very clean place, friendly staff, good location in little tokyo , but 4-5 blocks away from the subway station. close to major attractions in downtown if u dont mind walking a bit. lot of japanese restaurants nearby (lucky for you,if u love the jap-cuisine, but only a 'subway',a 'starbucks' nearby ! hotel's own cafe brewed great coffee though !overall, a good deal for the money spent !  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Miyako Inn was very satisfactory. I stayed at the Miyako Inn for six weeks while I attended an acting conservatory at the EastWest Theatre nearby. My room on the third floor was plain but very comfortable. I did need to get an extra lamp so I could study at night. The staff, especially housekeeping and the guys who work near the door, were wonderful, very helpful and did their best to make me feel at home. They even put a microwave in my room so I could heat up some meals. I can definitely recommend the Miyako for a short or long term stay.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This was a nice place! I had a nice overnight stay here. If you like Japanese food, you will be in heaven, because the hotel is steps away from the restaurants and shops of Little Tokyo. Also near the art museum. Nice view out of my 10th floor window - overlooking the city. Downtown L.A. is much nicer than I remember it being in the 70s when I used to live in So. Cal.Staff was very helpful and kind. Security guard walked me downstairs and helped me out of the parking lot when I had to leave at 4:00 a.m. to catch a flight to LAX. I felt very safe as a single woman at this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>HORRIBLE!!!!!! terrible terrible terrible experience. in a very bad area, homeless peopel everywhere. the beds were the most uncomfortable beds i have ever slept in, and i do a lot of traveling. there was no hotel parking, we had to park in a secured lot next door. well, it turned out several cars were broken into during our stay, including ours. thanks to the so called security that guards the lot. so we had to wake up to our window being comletely smashes out, during a styorm that L.A. was experiencing. we were supposed to leave early in the morinig for an amusement park, but spent half the day at the police station filing a report, and even more time taping plastic onto the window. the parking lot was disgsting, and i am absolutley serios when i say there were feces (poop) everywhere in the parking garage........ i hated it and will NEVER EVER stay there agin.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good choice.   showReview(2617719, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Zibode
<Content>A great Stay   showReview(2604973, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>peggyWWWW
<Content>sad room   showReview(2578074, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MannyMack
<Content>Like a cheap motel but more expensive.   showReview(2432724, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!   showReview(2226984, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very, very nice!!   showReview(2188816, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>miellen
<Content>The hotel looked nice   showReview(2121521, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's not that bad!   showReview(1665101, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pocolocopadre
<Content>It's really okay!   showReview(1651870, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jdoexyz
<Content>Better than you've probably heard...   showReview(1560190, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>銇裤伀銇?> 銇裤伀銇?</a> </div>
<Content>瑕冲厜銇伅灏戙仐涓嶄究銇珛鍦?#x201d;   showReview(23367299, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>3	4	3	2	3	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>搴冦亸銇︾逗楹?#x201d;   showReview(22855507, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛肌銇ф粸鍦ㄨ不銈掓姂銇堛仧銇勩仾銈夛紒锛?#x201d;   showReview(21745531, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>masahito88
<Content>鏃ョ郴銉涖儐銉仾銇仹銆佹皸杌姐仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(21364068, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>kobamasa
<Content>鏃ユ湰浜恒伀銈傘偑銈广偣銉?#x201d;   showReview(19046029, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瑭曞垽銇壊銇伅鈥?#x201d;   showReview(19914489, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏃ユ湰瑾濷K   showReview(19170969, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏃ョ郴銉涖儐銉伄鍓层伀銇粖銇层仺銇ゃ仹銇椼仧   showReview(19170777, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏃ョ郴銇с倐銇撱亾銇偄銉°儶銈仩銇ｃ仧   showReview(19170042, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>recommend   showReview(19168878, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏃ユ湰浜恒伄銈广偪銉冦儠銈傘亜銇︹棊銇с仚   showReview(19168676, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel di passaggio   showReview(13193869, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr nettes Hotel in Downtown LA (Little Tokyo)   showReview(13193868, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仌銇嬶紒   showReview(19168127, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon rapport calite prix   showReview(11313812, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>zu empfehlen   showReview(11448423, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娌诲畨銇ㄣ偦銈儱銉儐銈ｃ伀鐤戝晱   showReview(19163087, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎬濄仯銇熴倛銈娿兓銉汇兓   showReview(19162469, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Emplacement pratique dans un quartier s没r   showReview(11403209, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉儓銉澅浜伀闅ｆ帴銇椼仸椋熶簨銇伅渚垮埄   showReview(19159494, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉熴儰銈炽儧銉嗐儷銆€銉偟銉炽偧銉偣   showReview(19155300, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉熴儰銈炽儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19154951, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锝碉浇锝斤緬銇с仚锛?#x201d;   showReview(19930320, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇屻倖銇ｃ仧銈婂簝銆呫仐...   showReview(19928588, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛掓湀锛戯紤鏃ャ亱銈夛紦鏃ラ枔...   showReview(19925225, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鑻辫獮銇嚭鏉ャ仾銇勪汉銇悓...   showReview(19923997, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉勩偄銉笺仹琛屻仯銇熴倱銇犮亼...   showReview(19921823, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偣婊炲湪銇銇伕銈撱仩...   showReview(19920536, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉勩偄銉笺仹琛屻仯銇︽硦銇俱仯...   showReview(19918197, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

