<Author>airhart
<Content>Great little retreat after a day of work! After a frustrating search in an expensive city for a hotel that met my daily allowance for work travel, I found this hotel at the last minute, perhaps a cancellation in a sea of $600/night prices (some sort of convention in town). It was small, friendly, clean, and the attention to detail was wonderful after such a long day... my room was playing satellite radio classical music (not elevator-style, either) when I walked in. Everything was spotless, the bathroom was great, and although the view was of nothing but a wall, I didn't care at night after a long day. Not good for a long stay - the rooms come with impractical but charming minifridges, and the 'closets' are clever cubbyholes - but for one night, a perfect retreat. Morning oatmeal and the paper was nice too... a decent bar, and a friendly staff. Definite recommendation.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Aussie_Charlotte
<Content>Good Location, small room, good price for Boston We drove to Boston so parking was a bit of a problem. You have to park in a parking station about a 10 minute walk away. The hotel is on a busy road so there was no available parking spaces in any block near the hotel, let alone in front of the hotel and you can't double park to drop off your suitcases because of the traffic. We dragged our suitcases all the way from the parking station. It would be challenging if you had young children or elderly travellersThe hotel itself is modern and the rooms are clean and modern, though quite small - there really isn't anywhere aside to put your suitcases - wherever you put them, you will have to step over them to move around the room. There was free internet and a free breakfast. The Location is great - Boylston St has several bars, restaurants, the subway to downtown and there's a street that has upscale boutiques and shops that is one block away. The price was under $300 which is good for Boston.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>shaun1967
<Content>Great Location I took this hotel on a recommendation via the Tripadvisor forum. The stay was booked a few months ago, just before the credit crisis was in full blown mode, so at the time I thought my successful bartering of a $15 discount on a queen room was a coup. Maybe the way things are $149 a night might get you a bit more, I don't know. Anyway, by pre-crash standards its a good deal. Location is great, rooms are modern, clean, good spec, loads of TV channels. Rooms are small - even the queen rooms, but that's already well documentedThe breakfast and lounge for us are a bonus (I use the present tense as I'm writing this up during our stay). Two free to use high speed internet terminals (always available, never a queue) is something not always complimentary. The breakfast also saves you a few bucks on your holiday budget and for most people the breakfast would be fine. A previous reviewer described it as little more than hard bagels and bitter coffee, but that is unfair. There are muffins, fresh bananas, apples, oranges, doughnuts, tea, orange juice and cereal. The fruit and beverages are available free in the lounge 24 hours in fact, plus the daily papers. There are no egg/quarter of a pig options, so if that is what rings your bell then the breakfast will be no bonus to youTraffic noise is something that seems to divide opinion, and I can say that from our sixth floor front facing room you can in fact hear the sounds from the street, but they are by no means insufferable. I guess it depends on what you are already accustomed to. I do appreciate that some people will be used to deathly quiet nights and a small amount of noise can be very unsettling. But that's a city centre location for you, nothing to do with the hotelReception/front desk staff? Some say can't do enough, some say cold and frosty. Well ... I can see both sides. What they do is get you what you want and answer all your questions without any fuss, what they don't do is fawn all over you, so again, if this is important to you ...All in all because of the location and general specification in context of a very competitive rate, I'd certainly stay here again  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>HappyWanderer72
<Content>Great little find       Clean bathroom  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>MissBirdseye
<Content>Top situation Small room (despite higher price) but very well designed and with large bathroom. Self service breakfast boring and hardly worth bothering with. Very friendly and welcoming staff. Great situation in Copley Square with excellent access to T (underground) but view of airconditioning units not great.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>Mungo57
<Content>Noisy but overall excellent We stayed at the Charlesmark for 3 nights, thanks to Trip Advisor reviews. Really loved this hotel - lovely decor, fantastic location on Boyleston (at Copley), really nice bar area and free internet in the lobby. Nice food next door - Bangkok Blue - and there are lots of other bars and restaurants nearby. Walking distance to all the sights and shops in Boston! Be prepared - The rooms are small, and it was noisy - but I would definitely stay again!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>pinkpidgin
<Content>Excellent value, good location My husband and I had a pleasant stay at the Charlesmark. It is excellent value for money and the staff were helpful and friendly.There are several good restaurants nearby and the discounted rate on parking is very handy! The rooms are small even by European standards but they are confortable and well designed. We needed our laundry done during our stay, the receptionist took our big bag of clothes in the morning and when we returned that evening everything was washed and dry and back in our room for just $10 it cost twice that to have one pair or panties washed in our previous hotel in NYC!Breakfast was a little minimal but ok. You could help yourself to bagles, oatmeal, doughnuts and fruit as well as coffee, tea, hot chocolate and juice. We found the complimentary wifi very handy but if you don't have a computer/smart phone with you, there are computers for use in the lounge.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>StarletDublin
<Content>Not too impressive I've just come back from a 4 night stay at the Charlesmark and I wasn't too impressed.The location is great and its ok value for money.It was also good to have internet access and lots of movies.However the bedrooms are pretty small and the beds are tiny.They are so short and narrow it wasn't very comfortable and I'm only 5'3'. The staff aren't the friendliest and the room cleaning service is pretty laid back. For instance on 2 occasions we dropped back to our room at 2pm and the room still wasn't made up, pretty inconvenient. I would definitely look for somewhere different if I was to go back to Boston.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	3	2	3	

<Author>Fudge03
<Content>Best value available in expensive city Boston seems to be a city where hotels are shockingly expensive, so the Charlesmark represented good value for a hotel which was in walking distance of all the major sites. Clean efficient, friendly, well-designed, and serving a welcome buffet breakfast, this was a good choice for us.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	5	3	3	

<Author>QueenieC
<Content>Excellent Charlesmark We have just returned from a week's holiday in Boston and stayed at the Charlesmark throughout.Having read the reviews on here we requested a Queen room on the 6th floor. This was perfect for our needs, we overlooked the Boston Public Library and the marathon finishing line. There was no noticeable noise and we were certainly not disturbed by anything.The room was not massive but plenty big enough and very comfortable. Not a lot of hanging space for clothes but loads of shelving space so that was not a problem, the iron and ironing board were a nice touch too. The shower room was excellent and a high quality range of toiletries were provided each day. TV/audio facilities were brilliant, the DVD/VHS library was a bonus - after a day's walking and sightseeing there were a couple of evenings when we did not feel like going out so just relaxed and watched a film in our room.The staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful, the rooms were very clean, there was tea/coffee/fresh orange availabe free of charge in the lounge 24/7 and bottled water left in the room each morning. Breakfast was fine, staff were vigilant in keeping everything topped up. Bagels/doughnuts/muffins/jams/cream cheese/oats/fresh fruit/coffee/tea/orange juice all very fresh and plentiful.Free use of internet and printer was very useful especially when it came to printing boarding passes for return journey.Very best of all though was the perfect location, right in the middle of everything with the green line T station just over the road. We loved Boston and cannot speak highly enough of the Charlesmark. We could not fault it or its staff in any way and would highly recommend it to everyone. If there was anything at all I could have wished for it would be a safe in the room but reception would have been happy for us to use their safe had we requested it.Go, go, go! Enjoy!!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AoSPR
<Content>Charlesmark perfect for Boston Let's first dispense with the only neg: yes, the rooms are small. But this is a small building and the spaces were very cleverly distributed. It was not uncomfortable at all. Room size is sufficient to crash after walking the city and they are fairly new, well decorated, very clean and I didn't experience any noise problems.Now with the good: This was my first time in Boston. I made the reservations by e-mail for pre and post cruise stays. The e-mail reservation was handled swiftly, as was my re-confirmation request.Price/value - I really looked around and couldn't find anything better in such a central location. $206.00 is really a good deal for this little jewel of a place.Location - Excellent. If the location was any better, it would probably be ruined. We walked everywhere from the hotel. Steps from the Prudential mall, T-Station, Newbury street, and right next to some pretty good restaurants (make reservations early).Check in - We first arrived around 6:00 Pm on a Friday and the check in process was fast and painless. Nice young lady at the desk. On our second check in, we arrived too early, but another nice young lady took our bags and was very dilligent in informing us when our room was ready. Our bags were waiting for us in the room.Facilities - Nice bar just off the lobby. Great bartenders. Good people-watching outside deck. PC's and laser jet printer available for guests just off the bar. Again, building is small but the elevator is full size.Food - The hotel has an adequate and basic breakfast available for free. There's a Thai restaurant right next door. I didn't try it but the other guests seem to like it. They serve in the hotel as if it were a hotel restaurant, but it is not. There are many nearby eating places, from cheap and fast to very upscale. On busy nights, wait times can be from one to two hours so make reservations early. We tried the Legal Seafoods at the nearby Prudential - overrated. We settled for the Cheesecake Factory also at Prudential (we had enough seafood and gourmet cooking during our cruise). It's the best value as restaurants here are too expensive.Attractions - I cannot emphasize enough about the central location of this place. In two hours, we leisurely walked from the hotel, to the Gardens, Commons, Freedom Trail up to the Quincy Market. We took the T green line back (that sucked). On an evening, we walked around Newbury just behind the hotel. Did I say that the hotel is in the middle of everything?Plumbing problems and such - NONE. Everything worked just fine.Check out - Also painless. We left early for the airport and the gentleman manning the desk was nice enough to help us with our bags and even risked life and limb to step into the street with a whistle and a flashlight to hail a cab from the nearby Lennox hotel for us. Before we had a chance to thank him, he was already walking away. I say this because he did so very professionally, not hanging around expecting a tip or anything.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>auntietat
<Content>Perfect place to stay in Boston! Stayed at the Charlesmark from 9/29 to 10/4, based on the great reviews on Tripadvisor.com. We stayed (2 people) in room 501, Queen room on the 5th floor facing the street. We brought earplugs due to some of the reviews below, but I never ended up needing them. Even with the construction going on at the Boston Public Library directly across the street, it was not that noisy. The room was small-ish (like a lot of European hotels), but was totally fine. We had plenty of room to put our clothes on the bookshelves, and store our luggage away in the cabinet. Bed was super comfortable, shower was good. The only small qualm I had was that the room needed more lights/lamps. Location of the hotel was GREAT, and the staff at the Charlesmark were all very nice and helpful, too. Breakfast was fine (fresh fruit, oatmeal, coffee, tea, bagels, muffins, donuts), and there are 2 computers in the lounge for guests to use. Housekeeping did a great job of straightening the room everyday, and provided complimentary bottled water in the room each day! I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lanneNL
<Content>lovely boutique hotel Just stayed in the Charlesmark Hotel in Boston, and it was definitely worth it!Okay, if you are looking for a big room in a chain 13-in-a-dozen hotel room, the charlesmark is not your place to be. If you are however looking for a charming hotel in an excellent location in Boston, this is it!The rooms are indeed small, but everything is custommade for the room, and you have a good bed, tv, stereo with in bathroom speakers, reading chair, airco and great bathroom with lovely shower. Add 2 free bottles of water daily, a lively hotel bar downstairs (open to public), free wireless internet and 2 computers for use downstairs, and good service to that, and you sort of have the charlesmark!There is a complimentary brekafast every morning with bagels, doughnuts and muffins and fruit. The location is execllent: across the street from copley square including T-station, around the corner from newburey street, and amidst all great restaurants, bars and shops from backbay (and copley square and prudential centre).Only minor side: as said, small rooms, and there is an AC-unit outside the back which you do hear, however, I have to say that I never woke up because of it, I just heard it when I accidentally woke up by something else!After all, I would definitely recommend the Charlesmark!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>coatgirl
<Content>Not much charm, but go for the value and location This is, all in all, a very good choice for the budget-conscious tourist. It is definitely value for money - what you get for the price is an excellent location to base your sightseeing from and comfortable, clean rooms. It seems some rooms are noisy, so my advice is to arrive on or slightly before the check-in time to make sure you're happy with the room they give you. I arrived about 30 mins early, and discovered that the room allocated was on the 1st floor and facing into a tiny yard which was blocked in on all sides by the walls of the surrounding buildings. This yard contained the air conditioning units, so being on the first floor meant very high constant noise levels from the aircon units. I asked to be re-located, and was given a room on the 4th floor which was much much better. To their credit, they swapped our room with no fuss at all. On the other hand, we did specifically ask for a quiet room when we made our booking, so.......The rooms are comfortable, clean, and small but not too cramped. The ones at the back are rather dark so not particularly inviting in the daytime. I think it's a bit of a misdescription to say the hotel is boutique because it certainly doesn't have the style or design of a boutique hotel. I am surprised by the previous comment that the breakfast is awesome. Maybe I am used to the breakfasts in European hotels, which usually include hot buffets with sausage, egg, bacon, tomatoes etc. The breakfast here consists of: doughnuts from Dunkin Donuts, bagels from Finagle A Bagel, muffins (didn't see where they were from), and a basket of apples, bananas  oranges. It's okay, but certainly not awesome. The hotel and the staff are efficient but without charm but, given the price, don't expect anything more. For my three-night stay, I'm pretty sure I made the right choice.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Gomac
<Content>Great location wonderful hotel We stayed at the Charlesmark Sept 21 and 22, 2008 and it was a wonderful choice. It's location almost across from the T is very convenient. The continental breakfast selection is awesome and easy to serve yourself. The bar is lively and you can entertain yourself peoplewatching from the front tables.The front desk was extremely helpful. The printer on the hotel guest computer wasn't working and they let me print my boarding passes on their printer. The computers are usually unused and fast. The front desk directed me to the PO, a fax place, called a cab when we departed....going out in the street with a whistle and a flashlight to hail one from the nearby cab stand. The response was instant. They were just super.While I was there I heard several people come to the desk and 'complain' about the room size. It is small, a bit like a railcar bedroom. But the layout is very convenient. The bathroom is lovely and large. There is plenty of storage space for 2 people. However if you want a large sitting area or something this hotel is not for you. The hotel's public area is very comfortable. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Benwannabe
<Content>Ask for a room in the back - if you want quiet Stayed 2 nights at this very nice hotel; a number of individuals complain about the noise; I asked for a room in the back and we heard absolutely no noise. It was hard to believe that one could be in a city and not hear any street noise.Room size was very acceptable for 2 adults, adequate storage under the bed and for clothes that needed to be on hangers.Location is fantastic!!!!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>GMY68
<Content>My second stay here was not as good as my first: noise was awful There are many fabulous things about this hotel, which I will lay out below. I enjoyed my first stay, a year ago, but my recent stay was sadly clouded by two extremely noisy and sleepless nights.I was given a standard room at the back of the hotel. You might think that this would be a quiet option (i.e. away from the main, busy street) but it was a bit of a nightmare, for two reasons. First, there's a very noisy vent that blows loudly through the night. With ear plugs, one can just about handle this. But second, at 3.30am every night an extremely loud garbage truck comes by, very slowly, to pick up what sound like glass bottles from the bins behind the restaurants. Yikes. It was really painful being woken up both nights by this crazy, crashing noise (I was in town to give some lectures, and so having sleep interrupted was a real downer).So you should be aware of this problem. If you are a very heavy sleeper, maybe you'll be fine.As for the great things, there are many:*Terrific location*Stylish design*Very friendly and helpful staff*Free wireless, two computers with printer (so you can check-in online for flights and print your boarding pass)*Very clean and comfortable rooms, with lots of nice touches e.g. free bottled water*The bar is lively and really a great place to meet friends*It is decent value for money.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>dadsnowman
<Content>Great Choice We just returned from a great vacation in the northeast US and spent three nights in Boston. I struggled with selecting a hotel in Boston as the cost for most of the hotels in the areas was outrageous. A week before leaving, I ran onto the Charlesmark Hotel and after reading the reviews decided to make a reservation. It was a great choice. The room was very comfortable and decorated very uniquely. We loved the bathroom; very nicely done with the stonework and very spacious. The stereo system you can hear even in the bathroom was a great addition. Our evenings in Boston were especially enjoyable by having the pleasure of visiting with the awesome bartender, Vanessa. She was such a joy to visit with while kicking back and having a few drinks ... she's a true keeper Charlesmark!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Tank007
<Content>Charlesmark marginal Great location. Front desk service questionable. Were not very welcoming. Need better people skills. But housekeeping staff were outstanding. Friendly and room great. Front desk needs to take que from housekeeping. Stayed at the Hotel Lenox previous year and much better overall. But the price was better at the Charlesmark. BUT would pay more for the Lenox rather than stay at the Charlesmark again.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	5	4	2	4	2	

<Author>ARGOMAN
<Content>Great Hotel After finding this hotel and reading the reviews on Trip Advisor, we decided to book at the Charlesmark. We found the staff to be very nice and willing to assist with all the little things, like watching our luggage before the check in time and even after signing out, so that we could take in few more sights of Back bay before leaving for our flight.The location is excellent and our room was on the forth floor, looking out on the Library and the Boston Marathon finish line.Our room was clean, with a good bed and pillows to crash after a day of sight seeing. Noise from outside was minimal, given our windows looked out on to a main street with lot's of cars and patios.The price was excellent for the quality and location of the hotel. We took the T line (subway) everywhere or just walked to our destination. The only item we had was a light that did not work in the shower, but it was not needed since the bathroom was well lit. Maid staff is very good.With this kind of hotel available in Boston, why spend more for a high price chain when you can stay at one with character.Would recommend this to anyone, but note that rooms are smaller than usual hotel rooms, but space is really not an issue if you are only using to shower and sleep after a beautiful day of sight seeing.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>agrippina1705
<Content>Great hotel in a lively part of the city We stayed at the Charlesmark hotel with friends for 5 nights in late August and thoroughly enjoyed our time there.The hotel rooms are small (around 3m by 5m for the main room) but it didn't bother us - we have stayed in smaller rooms in the US, and a lot of thought had clearly gone into making the most of the space (tabletop ironing board in the cupboard, pull-out bedside table space). The bed seemed to be a little bit short, though. The building is very overlooked but the hotel has venetian blinds for privacy. The bathroom was shower only, but it was great. The room itself was very clean and a good size and the shower was very powerful and hot. Shampoo, shower gel, body lotion and mouthwash were provided. The TV allows free access to hundreds of channels and there was also a DVD player and stereo in the room. Local phone calls are free - but longer distance or international calls are not available through the hotel's phone system; you have to buy a phone card from the CVS or Walgreen's stores (about 1-2 mins from the hotel) and use this to dial out. There were two internet terminals in the hotel lounge which were free to use (and very seldom in use!).There was no safe in the room, and no minibar. However, there was an icebucket, and ice was available from a machine on the first floor. The bar in the hotel was great (very strong cocktails!) so there wasn't much call for a minibar in any case. Housekeeping left two free bottles of water in the room each day. The best thing about the Charlesmark is the location - right in the centre of town opposite the public library and 2 minutes from the Copley T stop. The next street up is Newbury Street, which is great for shopping and even better for finding somewhere good to eat and drink in the evening. It was also easy to get around Boston from the hotel - both on foot and using the T. The hotel breakfast is basic and self-service but good quality: lots of different bagels (with jam and cream cheese), oatmeal sachets, doughnuts, muffins and fruit, plus coffee, fruit juice and iced water. For something more substantial, the cafe in the Trident Bookstore on Newbury Street serves really delicious cooked breakfasts. The Charlesmark is perfect if you want somewhere modern and central, and are planning on spending most of your time exploring the city. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>rhawley
<Content>Great value - great location This hotel is all about cost and location. Compared to most hotels in Boston with such a good location, this is great value for money. Yes, the standard rooms are small but more of a problem was the small bed. However the rooms are very clean and well equipped. Great shower, good bedding and towels and the room cleaned and re-equipped each day. Above all else this hotel is in a great location. You can literally walk anywhere and the subway, which is safe and efficient if a little shabby, is right across the road. Overall, excellent value for money for Boston.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cantwait2getthere
<Content>Mostly good Here's the good:-Very convenient location close to the T -Nicely furnished room and nice decor throughout the hotel.-Even though the hotel doesn't offer any official laundry service, the front desk staff accommodated our laundry needs by getting housekeeping to put a load on for us while we were out touring the city (for a $10 fee).-The hotel accommodated my request to have a room on one of the two top floors so that there was less street noise.-The variety of television channels was HUGE.The bad:-The room is indeed very small, though this didn't bother me all that much because boutique hotels in Boston and New York tend to be small, so I expected it.-The breakfast offered downstairs was sad. Hard-as-a-rock bagels and some bitter coffee doesn't really constitute breakfast in my mind. -The view from the room consisted of a brick wall about four feet from the window.All in all, yes, I would stay there again considering it was very centrally located and very clean, and it was one of the only hotels I could find in downtown Boston for under $200 a night. However, next time I would factor in the cost of eating breakfast out each morning when comparing prices.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>denshires
<Content>fantastic location Totally agree about the rooms being very small. I was surprised to see such a tiny double bed. However, we were so tired with all the travelling and walking we slept very well. Although there was no noise from other rooms, there was some distubance during the night from what I think was refuse collectors - we had a room at the back of the hotel. Having said that, we were in the centre of Boston and it could have been a lot worse. The bar was very lively and popular with young people. Self service breakfast was fine - well stocked and not too busy.The hotel is directly opposite the Boston Public Library and this is truly a hidden gem. Do not miss an opportunity to go in - it is absolutely stunning! Finally, you can can walk just about everywhere from here or catch the T which is a few metres away. Super location at a good value price. Boston is a fabulous city - we loved it!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>tripgrl727272
<Content>Beware of small rooms, but great location My boyfriend and I stayed at the Charlesmark for three nights the second week of August. I booked us a double room on Expedia. I had read reviews prior to booking that mentioned the rooms being small, but I had no idea exactly how small that could mean! Our double room was so little that we couldn't open our suitcases on the floor at the same time (there was no suitcase stand, because it wouldn't have fit.) The bed was so short, that my feet hung over the edge (I am 5 ft 8.) Needless to say, we did not get much sleep that night.The next morning, we went to the front desk to ask for a bigger room. They were very nice and accommodating, and immediately moved us into a queen room. This room was very appropriate in size, and we were very happy with it. The location of the hotel is great, just a few blocks south of Boston Common. We really liked the old feel of the hotel, and we would likely book here again.... being very careful not to select a DOUBLE room when booking!!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>The_Sherriff
<Content>Needs a little freshening up I stayed at the Charlesmark as an alternative to the mega-convention hotels in Back Bay for a major conference. It was mostly a very pleasant experience - the staff are particularly friendly and helpful and the rooms clean and well-equipped. They are small, but Boston hotel rooms often are and I found this one more manageable than the poky little closet that I got at the Omni Parker House last time I was in the city. The complimentary continental breakfast was good value, particularly when faced with a challenging day of eating for the company. The rooms are remarkably quiet considering the location on Boylston, which is quite a party street. The air conditioning is also discreet and effective so I got some really good sleep, which was much needed to work from 08:30 until 22:00. However, all the awards are for the opening in 2006 and some investment is becoming due. Frankly, the towels were threadbare and I would not have been surprised to put my feet through the sheets. I also had some intricate cross-cultural negotiations to get a plug for the bathroom hand-basin (or a stopper for the bathroom sink, if you are reading this in US English).  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Firenzenelmondo
<Content>All show and little substance The first time that I disagree with the reviews.The hotel is expensive for the cost that I麓ve paid.The front desk was ugly when I arrived for the check in  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>prczar
<Content>Loved Charlesmark!       Bar Area at Night  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>espengc
<Content>Good value!       Features - Standard room  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>Coppiabrazil
<Content>it was impossible to have information and to reserve!!! We麓ve decided to write to Chalesmark Hotel to plan a travel with others friends in the next May 2009 after to have read the good references left by others travellers.We sent to them 2 emails and they麓ve not answered to us.We call for them (from Brazil!) to know if the email address was incorrect and anyway if they have rooms.Who attended to the phone was really ugly saying to me that they are a small hotel and they have only few rooms avaliable for the next May (now we麓re in July 2008!!!).I think just that they don麓t want to reserve to us and this was really unpleasent.Anyway they could answer to our email.In my opinion REALLY overestimated!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>SkyHigh72
<Content>Local, More Interesting Hotel than rest of area Splurged with the girls and had a weekend at this cute hotel. It is a PERFECT location in Boylston Street at Copley Square. Great lounge was friendly and happy to see us every night. Compared to all the other hotels in the area, which are your run of the mill corporate bleh, this is a gem. Hotel is decorated in GORGEOUS artwork which is, according to the staff, all done by local artists. Neat!All in all this place was a great local flavor, fun and relaxing. With free internet, too... which should be the standard these days.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alias720
<Content>Felt like home..       the door  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Pert_UK
<Content>Half excellent / Half Poor = Average Stayed at the Charlesmark in May 2008 for 2 nights, and I had a mixed experience.I arrived early (my fault) and my room wasn't ready. The receptionist checked for any available rooms but said the only one she had was near the bar and I had asked for a quiet one - top marks for knowing my request and acting on it. She said she'd ring me when my room was ready and took my mobile phone number - great. Unfortunately she never did ring, so that was a shame and left me wandering around the city for longer than I needed to, but not a big deal and she did store my luggage.I returned later that afternoon and they'd already moved my bags from their store up to my room - fantastic service! The room was very nice, wonderfully clean  beautifully decorated, with great attention to detail. Not a massive room, but perfectly fine - don't listen to the people whining about tiny tiny rooms and poor decoration, unless you're planning on bringing more than a couple of suitcases when it might get crowded.However, despite being given a quiet room overlooking an outdoor void / shaft surrounded by brick walls, I was repeatedly woken all night by a huge fan at the bottom of this void that kept starting up, running for 10 minutes and then shutting down again. Every time it restarted (regularly, roughly every 30 minutes) there was a large bang before the loud whirring started. I could have slept through the whirring, but the bang woke me up every time all night. There are several other rooms overlooking this fan, so I can't see how anybody in any of them could have got much sleep either.I complained the next morning and got moved to another room, which was actually bigger and nicer than the first, but at the front of the hotel. This was a bit noisier than I would have liked (you overlook the main road) but at least it quietened down later at night, unlike the fan.So what to conclude? I really liked the style of the hotel, the food downstairs from the Thai restaurant was excellent, the rooms were great and it's very good value. I was slightly annoyed that I ordered a gin and tonic from the bar and it was completely flat - when I called the waitress over she immediately asked if it was flat...so why did she give it to me? She replaced it very politely, with a fractionally less flat GT, but it was still far from sparkling.So I'm giving the Charlesmark an average rating because I really wouldn't go back there because I couldn't be sure I'd get any sleep. It's a real shame, as someone has obviously put a lot of effort into making it a stylish place to stay and the location is pretty good.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>AnnaAnnapolis
<Content>Great Property!       Finish Line  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Brigida52
<Content>Great location       Very nice design  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>number44rick
<Content>Quite impressed We just returned from a weekend stay at the Charlesmark in Downtown Boston. Although the weekend was damp and cold it didn't hamper us from having a great time in this marvellous city. The Charlesmark proved to be everything I expected it to be: 1. Reasonably priced. 2. Excellent location.. 3. Personable staff who were very eager to attend to all our requests. 4. Very clean. The rooms were a little on the small side but this didn't pose a serious problem. The bathrooms were good size and clean. The only real drawback was the parking was further than I would have liked and the price was not as advertised. Next time I'm in Boston I'll definately stay there again.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Tonyeng
<Content>Good location but tiny rooms Stayed in this hotel for two nights. Great location but I would say it was a posh BB more than a hotel. The room was very small and there was nowhere to hang anything up. There was an old fashoined TV and VHS player but no clear instructions how to operate them.There is a thai restaurant next door that delivers entrees and appetizers to the hotel bar/lounge. We ordered some appetizers from the bar and they took 1hr to arrive.Bar lively. Breakfast was very basic.Would I stay here again? Yes  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>DeDeOregon
<Content>Better than the first time! I stayed at the Charlesmark for business purposes at the end of March. It was the second time I had stayed there and I was again pleased with my stay. Since my first stay the lobby area, bar, and lounge had been completed and I was impressed with these new areas. The hotel has a modern vibe, but no so much that it feels sterile or impersonal in any way.My colleagues stayed at some of the big chain hotels nearby and I have to say that I was thrilled with my decision to stay at the Charlesmark. Their hotels were more expensive, impersonal, and were the typical cookie-cutter places that were connected to the mall or the conference center. Rooms in the Charlesmark are modest in size, but certainly adequate. Plus, it's Boston--get out and enjoy the city! The hotel is incredibly convenient, close to the conference center, the T, shopping, and restaurants but still allows you to feel like you've gotten away a little.My only minor complaint is that there can be considerable street noise, depending on what room you have. It's all part of the city experience though so I really didn't mind very much.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>TRP1966
<Content>Great, Hip Bargain Hotel With Personality! I have just returned from a four night stay at the Charlesmark due to a business conference in Boston. I had done a lot of cheking prior to making a reservation because it is a pretty expensive town in which to stay, and even the conference rates for other hotels were out of my limited budget. Then I discovered the Charlesmark, which is a true diamond in the rough. Sandwiched between a Ritz Camera store and a really cool Thai place, the hotel is small and lean. I had read some critiques of the rooms being somewhat small and dark, and they were accurate. I could live with the size, but despite the best efforts of the staff, they could not find me a lamp. But that was cool, because the Charlesmark staff is second to none in terms of the personality and customer service skills of the staff. Unfortunately, I can't remember all the names, but Nikki - who took my reservation, helped get me a sweet deal (for the area) on the room and never acted annoyed with my umpteen million calls with an equal amount of questions; Vanessa at the bar who makes a mean margarita and always had a welcoming, friendly smile, and Scott, the other guy who worked the desk, stand out in particular. There are others, but in general, I was very happy with the staff, as many of the other area hotels won't give you the time of day when you call to ask a question, or need some help, or just a friendly face when your hoisting a drink or two at the end of the day. And the location of this place is awaesome as well, as you can pretty much walk to all the cool spots, and cabs are all over the place if you're not up to it. The only real negative, aside from the aforementioned minor inconveniences mentioned above is that there is a large population of homeless folks in this area, and while safety was never really a concern, they constantly hit you up for change. It got a to a point where I was recognizing them and even got a few of their names. But I understand this is a problem with the city in general, so it's not a beef with the hotel itself. Would I stay there again? You bet! In fact, I'd still be there now were it not for the fact that I have an early flight and wanted to be cloer to Logan. Plus they were booked tonight when I tried to add a fifth one on when my travel plans changed. But even then, they put me on a list to let me know if anything opened up, and no doubt would have set me up, as right as I was leaving, there was a cancellation. Unfortunately, I was set to get closer to Logan so I passed it up. I wouldn't stay here (sorry guys) if this were a family trip due to the room size, but if you're a business traveller on the go, or a couple looking for a cool place to stay for a Boston getaway, the Charlesmark could be your home for a few days. They sure treat you like family. Cool places nearby - Bukawski's, Uno, lenox, Whiskeys, ust to name a few. Hope this helps and that the good folks over there read this stuff too. And this is not something I usually do. Definately check this place out! Cheers...TRP in 403...  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BrianScotland73
<Content>Excellant stay in Boston My wife and I have just returned from Boston where we stayed at the Charlesmark Hotel for 5 nights.The Location of the Hotel could not be better only a short walk or subway ride to all the major attractions. The rooms although small where exceptionally clean and very comfortable and the staff very friendly and helpful. The bar was an excellent place to relax at night with a good selection of beers available. The only thing that could have been better would be the breakfast which was a little poor, Boston is a fantastic city, so laid back and friendly with lots to do and see. The shops, restaurants and bars are excellent. It's easy to get around on foot and also has a good inexpensive Subway system if a little confusing at first. I would highly recommend a visit to Boston and a stay at the Charlesmark  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>englishmarilyn
<Content>This was a gem of a hotel       Charlesmark Hotel on Boylston St  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>EuroReisen
<Content>Great location, great price I spent three nights at the Charlesmark and agree with many of the previous reviewers: the location and price can't be beat.The main purpose of my trip to Boston was shopping, and the location of the Charlesmark in the Back Bay neighborhood, just a block off Newbury and close to Copley Place, was ideal. Additionally, the T stop just down the street made getting around the rest of the city very easy. The price was also at least $100 cheaper than anything else I was able to find in the neighborhood.Other reviewers have raved about the friendly and attentive staff, but unfortunately this was not my experience. I arrived a couple hours before the check-in time, and my room was not yet ready, which I was expecting. I think the guy manning the desk was the same another review described as indifferent, and I agree; he wasn't exactly rude, but he also wasn't very helpful. Anyway, when I came back later close to the official check-in time, my room was ready, and my bags had already been brought up. By then, someone new was at the desk to actually check me in, and she was much more pleasant but still did not give me any information about the room, hotel, etc. For example, had I not read here that breakfast was provided in the lobby, I never would have known, as she didn't tell me and nothing in the Guest Information in the room mentioned it (and it was served in the upper lobby, tucked away from the elevator and flow of traffic). I overheard another guest checking in later during my stay, and she got a full spiel about breakfast, internet, etc. Also, during my four-day stay, I could hardly get anyone at the desk to look up, much less say hello, during my various comings and goings.I had a room on the sixth floor, and the view out the big windows was actually quite nice. The room was quite small by American standards but perfect for my needs (and not unexpected after reading previous reviews here). The DirectTV and radio were nice, as was the complimentary water. Overall, though, the room I had could use some TLC. The carpet in the bedroom was loose along one wall, especially outside the bathroom door, and caused me to catch my toe a time or two. A light bulb was out in the bathroom (and was not replaced during my stay), and a dial on the wall that I assume was volume control for the sound system didn't work. The room had a cordless phone, but the battery in the handset needed replacement, meaning all calls had to be quick to avoid being cut off when the battery died. The hotel also had free wireless internet access, but the signal was so weak in my room that it was essentially useless. And oddly, the room had a folding chair (not sure why) in the closet/cupboard but no suitcase stand, which would have been much more convenient than the floor.Other small things would really make a big difference: replace the thin blanket and bedspread with a nice duvet. Get rid of the VCR (who needs it when there's DirectTV?), and replace the old TV with an LCD on a swing arm to make the awkwardly high position more easy to adjust and view. Add a programmable thermostat so that the fan isn't constantly running. Keep a better eye on the breakfast room so that things are well stocked and the tables aren't dirty and full of trash.Overall, the hotel was good but not great. It really is so close to being fantastic that the small things (and unfortunately there were many that really added up) took away from what could have been a perfect experience. I would definitely consider returning, though, mostly because of the unbeatable location and price.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	5	5	2	2	2	

<Author>Instep
<Content>Good Hotel....but not for all I enjoyed my stay at the Charlesmark. The staff were friendly and helpful, the bar interesting and lively. Some excellent features (for example, the free to use internet access) were a real boon.Of course, it was not perfect. I was travelling alone and had relatively little luggage but the rooms are not huge (a common issue in Boston hotels I think). I do think however that some of the design features were probably better on paper than when they were put into effect. For example, the 'wardrobe' is only desk high and pretty limited in space - so very little space for clothes if you do not travel light. The mini fridge really is mini (2 small bottles of water) which was fine for me but might be limiting for a thirsty famuily in on a hot summer day.The TV and surround sound were good but annoyingly there were no instructions on how to use them (many thanks to the helpful cleaning ladies!) and if you are not used to the particular system it is rather confusingLocation is great and lots to see and do around the hotel. My room faced Boylston but it did not seem to noisy to me.So if you travel light, like the modern feel and are not too bothered about space then a room at the Charlesmark is worth going for!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>hou77019
<Content>Reminded me of a 'European style' hotel... and not in a good way       tiny 'closet'  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	2	2	1	

<Author>blackstar9
<Content>Romantic Weekend Spent the weekend in Boston in mid-February. Check in was quick, then up to our room on the 5th floor, front of the building, looking across to the public library. Rooms were decorated nicely, mood music playing. The view at night was nice as well. Getting to the hotel was easy, parked out front to register, then just a few blocks away to the recommended garage. The walk back is not bad, just stop at either a Dunkin Donuts or Starbuck along the way. The room was nicely appointed. Good bed, sheets, furniture. After a night on the town, got back to the hotel around 10pm, bar was busy, but could have found a seat if we wanted. We needed dessert, so doorman recommended the Cheesecake factory just a short walk away. Felt completely safe walking around at night. They offer coffee, juice, and donuts in the morning, just enough to get you moving. Room was quite, could not hear neighbors or street traffic. Overall, great stay, would stay there next time in Boston.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>UM1997
<Content>Great location + great price= fantastic hotel! I was in town for a conference and all of the conference hotels were booked- since I used to live in Boston, I remembered the Charlesmark and was very pleased to not only find that they had rooms available, but to find out that their room rates were almost $100 less than the other area hotels!! We arrived early in the day and they let us check in early. It's true that the rooms are on the small side, but I found the space to be more than ample for just me. The room had a queen sized bed and a small pull out sofa. My bathroom was smaller because I was next to the elevator, but I was very happy with the slate tile and the large shower stall. My co-worker's bathroom was about 3X the size of mine, and he had a bathtub, but the trade off was that I had 2 huge windows overlooking the Boston Public Library while he had a window to the alley. Since I was right next to the elevator, I expected it to be loud throughout the night but was very surprised when it was quiet all night long. I love city noise, so I wasn't disturbed being right on busy Boylston St., but if you're not used to nighttime city noise, it might take some getting used to!I think one thing that we all loved was that the room is wired with surround sound and besides the Direct TV channels, it also has all of the music channels, so showering with music playing was a big hit for all of us! The hotel serves a small continental breakfast in the morning with fruit, bagels, muffins  donuts  instant oatmeal. There is also coffee  juice. Since I'm familiar with the area, I opted to grab breakfast elsewhere but I did bring it back and sat in the hotel's lounge to eat. The lounge is really nice and at night, turns into a very hip bar. It got pretty busy on the weekend but was still a nice chill place to relax.The Charlesmark's location can't be beat. You're right across from the Copley T stop and within walking distance of pretty much the entire city. I highly recommend this hotel. I know that when I come back to Boston, this is definitely where I will stay!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>dissident19
<Content>The Charlesmark ROCKS... literally! Do not stay at the Charlesmark Hotel if you are NOT a fan of impeccable service, an unbeatable atmosphere, great interior design, surround sound XM radio throughout your room, incredibly convenient location, and an ultra-chic lounge that also manages to be lots of fun at the same time. This hotel has thought of everything, from satellite radio in your bathroom, to two free bottles of water in your room everyday, free wireless internet access, and of course the complimentary continental breakfast. While you're there, make sure to say hello to Jefferson and Justine in the lounge, and tell them Travis sent you. The Charlesmark truly is a hidden gem in Boston.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LauderDale12
<Content>This hotel missed the mark Upon arrival at the check-in desk I was told to move my luggage to the bar area and wait.Five minutes later, the receptionist, a young latino, told me he was ready.He checked me in, and told me my room was on the 1st floor (a euphemism for the basement).I took the elevator to the basement and found my room in a warren at the end of the hall.After an inspection of the room, the closet was one-foot wide and there was no storage for clothing,I decided to return to the receptionist and ask to visually inspect another room.I was taken to one of the upper floors, to a room overlooking Boylston Street and the Boston Public Library. It too, was postage stamp sized, but the view was better than the basement.I was informed (even though the room was made-up) that I would have to wait for them to ready the room. I waited in the lounge for about forty-five minutes, when I was told the room was ready.Up to this point, the receptionist was indifferent at best and at worst seemed as though he was being extremely taxed by my room change request. This seemed odd since I had seen no one else enter or leave the hotel since I arrived.The room was visually well-appointed, but to say it was small, is an understatement. There was a queen bed, a one-person sleeper sofa, a wall unit and two night stands. The clothes closet (3 feet high by 1 1/2 feet wide) was part of the wall unit. There was a storage cabinet in the base of the wall unit for suitcases, but there were no drawers at all. Shelving was part of the unit, so we put our toiletries and other non-clothing items on the shelves. If you want to take your clothes out of your luggage, you will be hard put to do so. The only other possible places are the night stands or two-coat hooks behind the entrance door.To give you an idea of how small the room was, when the sleeper was extended there was less than a foot between the end of the sleeper bed and the wall mirror. This made moving from the queen bed to the bathroom extremely difficult and one can only be amazed no one has fallen or been seriously injured with this set-up.The view from the room was excellent, but the only caveat is the noise factor. With the window facing the street one hears everything going on below. The hotel has patio in the front where chair and tables from the lounge spill out. When the lounge is in full swing at night, you can hear the music and the din of the revelers. In addition, we had a noise problem with the cleaning staff who always seemed to be chatting every morning outside our door.At check-out, I needed to leave my luggage while I went to lunch. Their luggage storage area is in the lounge under a counter, in full view of anyone passing by. They do put a cable through the straps, but since a divider separates the reception desk from the lounge, the security of the luggage is limited.In summary,The receptionist at check-in was apathetic and not very pleased to be of assistance. We felt his behavior was unprofessional and set a poor tone at our arrival.The rooms are postage stamp sized and not recommended for families or people with any physical limiations.The proximity of the lounge is problematic at night since noise is a major problem.The luggage storage is in an open area so security is limited.The location is good and very close to the Copley station on the Green Line.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	4	1	2	3	

<Author>DartmouthTravels
<Content>Not for people with cars! The two best things about this hotel are 1- price, and 2- location. The hotel, right across the street from the Boston Public Library and Copley Square, leaves the traveler right in the heart of Boston. Public transportation (the T) is located only steps from the front door, and the Charlesmark benefits from many nearby restaurants.While other travelers claim the Charlesmark is designed in modern style, I felt I could do similar work in my dorm room with a trip to Ikea. The hotel is clean, but I actually felt that $139 was more than I should have paid for my queen bed room overlooking Boylston street/ the library. There is surround sound music (even in the bathrooms), and the bed was quite comfortable. The shower didn't always offer hot water.For location and price, it works...but one should not expect anything extraordinary. Furthermore, because we paid $32 for parking, we didn't really feel like we saved much from having chosen the Charlesmark. In the end, we thought it was a funny experience and something unlike what we would normally choose. I would probably pay around $200 next time to get parking and a much-upgraded room nearby.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>JF945
<Content>Excellent Hotel The Charlesmark Hotel is an excellent, small hotel. It only has 33 rooms and it's in a great location in Boston. I do live in the greater Boston area but some friends come up annually for a convention. We found this hotel 3 years ago and it was a great find. Rates are less than the larger hotels in Boston. If you are looking for a pool, health club, though, this is not the place for you. The Charlesmark doesn't have either of these amenities but they do have agreements with a health club in the area for use if you are so inclined. There is free internet in the common area as well as continental breakfast each morning. The breakfast has tea, coffee, hot chocolate, fruit, muffins, bagels, juice. The lower level (basement) has a microwave and ice machine. During the day, the bar isn't open and it becomes a place to sit and read the paper or watch TV. The large common area also has comfortable seating and at night this area doubles as a club. It is up a few stairs and one night there was a private party up there. The steps made it easy for the management to close it off for the private event. Each room has toiletries, iron/ironing board, hair dryer, CD/DVD player. Our room for 3 had a double bed and a twin sleep sofa with wall shelves and an armoire with plenty of storage.The only thing the rooms lack is a refrigerator. Bottles of water are placed in the room but it would be nice if they were cold. A small cube fridge in each room would make it perfect. We will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bigdog6668
<Content>Hidden Gem The Charlesmark is a hidden gem. My son and I traveled to Boston for an audition at Berklee College of Music and this was the perfect place to stay. The hotel is located just steps from the Copley stop on the Green line. It has a trendy, boutique feel to it. The staff was excellent - very helpful. I asked for a lunch recommendation and they sent us to the Parish Cafe (outstanding sandwiches and an amazing gourmet mac and cheese). We stayed in 502 and had a great view of the Boston Public Library. The breakfast was mediocre at best, but why would you want to eat at a hotel when there are great spots all around you on Newberry Street. While the room was on the small side, it was appointed well and the granite bathroom and shower was outstanding.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lxoxoxo
<Content>Loved the CharlesMark First time at the CharlesMark and I will certainly go back! The girl at the front desk was extremely helpful, the bar staff was great - friendly, entertaining, great martinis. The room we had was fabulous. Clean, modern - everything you need. It was great walking into the room with the lights dimmed, a great smell and classical music playing softly from the speakers - just a nice extra added touch. Great location on Boylston St. Great prices. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JenC-7
<Content>Nice, convenient hotel I picked the Charlesmark because it was the most reasonably priced hotel I could find in the area. It wound up being a great find- it was clean, the staff was helpful, and the location very convenient to all our sightseeing. There are also lots of bars, restaurants and shopping in the area. The hotel has a very nice bar where we wound up hanging out for quite a while both nights of our stay. Our room was not huge, but it suited our purposes just fine. Some other reviews have mentioned the hotel being noisy, but we did not notice anything out of the ordinary.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>EricWindsor
<Content>great place to start our holiday Very easy to find from the underground station. Rooms small by American standards but big enough for a couple of days stay. The one down side was the air-conditioning - it was very hot when we arrived in Boston so we had to use the air-con. Our unit was noisy and so was the one in the room next door.The breakfast provided was a good way to start the day. The hotel staff were friendly, room was clean and shower was excellent.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>alaskajazz
<Content>Incredible service My recent stay at the Charlesmark was outstanding. The front desk staff was extremely helpful and friendly. The hotel has a wonderful design and atmosphere. Everything we asked for we received and the martini bar in the lobby was busy but comfortable. There were holiday parties going on in the lounge area but services were still available to the guests throughout. Our questions were always answered and every need taken care of. The rooms were small but were so well designed that 3 of us fit just fine. Breakfast was just enough with fresh fruit and pastries as there are so many excellent restaurants in the area, it provided just enough to get us through to lunch. I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay in the Back Bay area. It is one of the best boutique hotels I've stayed in and within walking distance to everything in Back Bay. Thank you Charlesmark for making our stay so comfortable! We'll definitely be back and wouldn't stay anywhere else!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>colmil
<Content>Totally detested the Charlesmark! We have just arrived back in England from Boston and three nights at this hotel.I have always trusted Tripadvisors comments as we travel quite extensively, but were they wrong this time!As soon as we walked into the foyer I could tell what we had let ourselves in for, black and grey was the greeting, it continued in the lift, into the passagway, yes, grey carpet, grey walls.Into the room, grey walls and carpet, a huge mirror greeted us, 6'high x over 5' wide, wow!, however, the tiny wardrobe, only 4' high a 12 wide and contained a fold-up chair and an ironing board was totally useless..Nowhere to store clothes, so our luggage had to placed on the floor, it could not go under the bed because the minimilistic moron who designed the room had boxed the underside out so it looked pretty, but, again, totally useless.The bedside lights were on a dimmer on the wall which no-one explained, we had to guess, they did not adjust heightwise so we had to turn the head of the light which was in our faces when we were reading.There were two large windows, with charcoal grey blinds, obviously no curtains.The shower was grey slate walls, and dark quarry tiled floor.The Lounge was grey, cream vinyl diamonds on the walls, and guess what colour the carpet was?If you want to wake up in a morning and know what living in a prison cell is like, stay here!I simply cannot understand how owners of a hotel can ignore the absolute basics of travel, i.e. comfort and practibility, this dump has neither.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>GTBlackwell
<Content>Boston: " Three nights at the Charlesmark" November 15-18, 2007Trip Advisor member, Auburn, ALMy wife, daughter , her boyfriend and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Charlesmark. Staff is beyond terrific, Great modern design, exceptional location and very good rates. We like small European like hotels, as close as we have found in the US....We would look no further in our next visits.......Gaines Blackwell  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>7pumps
<Content>Great time at Charlesmark I stayed at the Charlesmark Hotel Nov. 17-Nov. 20 for a conference. I choose the Charlesmark based on location and the good reviews on Tripadvisor. The location is outstanding. Right in the heart of copley square with loads of restaurants and shops nearby. As for the hotel, the staff and rooms were excellent. The staff was very helpful with directions (1st time in Boston), and accommodating throughout my stay. The rooms were very clean. They are a little on the small side, but I wasn't in Boston to hang in my hotel room. The lobby bar looked very inviting, although I didn't have time to try it.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jtraveler76
<Content>Loud and Terrible-Buyer beware My Wife and I are as easy at it comes when to traveling, and I can honestly say that staying at this hotel is a risk, a risk not worth taking I might add. While the rooms are clean, the staff is laughable at best and it was one of the loudest hotels we have ever stayed at. You hear everything going on this hotel, from doors slamming, to the bar, to people talking. Be weary of weekends as he drunk kids are loud. We are a young couple but found the whole experience to be obnoxious. Spend your hard earned money elsewhere. It was quite maddening. We do travel a lot and I have never actually written a negative post before. But just want to warn my fellow travelers. There are plenty of other viable options within walking distance.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>swaane
<Content>great place to stay at great place to stay at! good location, good price, near subway, very modern rooms. very nice bar and great cocktails! what more can you ask?  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	4	

<Author>cflemmaviva
<Content>Wonderful Hotel and Lounge My wife and just got back from a 3 night stay at the Charlesmark Hotel and Lounge and had a fantastic time. The Front Desk staff were very helpful in getting us reservations for local restaurants and making recommendations for fun stuff to do around the city. The bar/lounge at night was happening and the bartenders were unbelievable (Justine and Vanessa in particular). This was our first trip to Boston and it certainly won't be our last, and we're always gonna make the Charlesmark Hotel and Lounge our first choice.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cat331
<Content>Great Location, Style, Hip Lounge Loved the Charlesmark Hotel and Lounge.Small property in a renovated 1860's building. I travel all the time and enjoy unique properties. This hotel has very stylish high end furnishings, custom artwork and much more.Very upscale cocktail bar.Jefferson the bartender is first class.I highly recommend the Charlesmark.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wellsf
<Content>Wonderful Experience We had never been to Boston before so didn't know what a wonderful area Back Bay is. We were less than 100 metres from Copley underground station in a really nice area of town. Close to some great restaurants. Our favourite, again only 100 metres down the same street, was the Atlantic Fish Co where we went twice in 6 nights. the service and food were excellent for the price. The staff in the hotel were always pleasant and helpful. The entrance contains a small reception desk and a very tidy cocktail bar which spills out onto the street with umbrellas. Up a few stairs at the back is the lounge/breakfast room with 2 consoles for free fast internet access. the breakfasts were bagels, muffins, fruit, fruit juice and hot drinks...perfectly adequate whilst you read the complimentary newspapers. The basic room we had was not big, if you've been to New York you will understand. But it was very tidy with Sky sports which was handy for the World Series ( GO SOX). Considering the area and the price we paid I would say the Charlesmark is a giveaway. I have no hesitation but to recommend it very highly. If I go back to Boston I won't be looking elsewhere for a hotel.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Travelwalker2
<Content>Great location but expensive for what it is. This boutique hotel is nice on the inside and a bit hidden from view but the noise on Boylston St can keep you awake at night. It is very close to access to the T and other city attractions. Our room had a nice contemporary decor and it was very clean. The front desk staff was not attentive and on one ocassion we were given incorrect directions to a nearby store. They did not great us when we entered or left the building; they were more interested in the computer than the guests! For the price ($230./night+) they should provide: glass (not plastic) wine and drinking glasses in the room; a small fridge other than the mini water fridge which made a lot of noise and 1 extra set of towels (just in case they are needed). The continental breakfast was probably the worst I have ever had. Package oatmeal, donuts, bagels, apples and oranges, coffee and Lipton tea. Not even a thank you when we left with our $800.00 bill. Suggest they work on their customer relations or lower the room rates to reflect what they should charge for the poor service and food.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	2	2	4	

<Author>hellothere_7
<Content>Charlesmark-Perfect for 20-30 something couples My boyfriend and I came to Boston from Kansas City for a long weekend and stayed at the Charlesmark in September and it was perfect for us! We stayed on the 4th floor and didn;t have any problems with noise at night. The hotel was immaculate and trendy, with a cool bar. The showers as everyone has said are fantastic! Awesome location--one block from Newbury St and directly across the street from the Copley Square T stop, which is super simple to get around on. Get a pass for $15 for 7 days at the airport and use it unlimited for the duration of your stay, including to and from the airport. I would highly reccommend this hotel, to anyone who is looking for a cool hotel in a great location.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>naasboy
<Content>Friendly and convenient, if a bit basic Stayed at the Charlesmark for one night. Location just off copley square is great, close to the subway station. Staff very pleasant and helpful. Room was in the basement with no view, but as it was a brief stay that was not a problem. Airconditioning noise was a bit loud though. Room was fairly basic but clean and well equipped. Coffee and muffins for breakfast and free internet access in the lobby was a nice touch. Great value for a short stay.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	2	3	4	3	4	

<Author>scrumbleton36
<Content>Rude staff, Small room Reading the reviews for this hotel it seems only guests from the UK dislike the Charlesmark. May I suggest that we have higher standards than Americans as this hotel is truly dreadfull.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	1	1	

<Author>Leoloafer
<Content>Great Time at the Charlesmark! We thought this was a great place to stay while in Boston. It's centrally located and easy access to everything. The rooms are small, but they are very clean and nicely decorated. The lounge downstairs is very comfortable and we had drinks down there, enjoyed talking with the bartender. It was a Sunday night and kind of quiet, the owner came in and bought us a drink. We would definitely stay here the next time we come to Boston.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pedro_snr
<Content>Value for money We booked into The Charlesmark for the first three days of our New England tour because of the positive reviews on TripAdvisor and were not disappointed.The reception staff were friendly and helpful, the room small but perfectly clean and functional and breakfast was perfectly adequate. Centrally located in Back Bay, The Charlesmark was within walking distance of the shops, tourist sites and river walks with the result that we walked everywhere and only used a tour bus which we picked up within a few hundred yards of the hotel.Will certainly stay here again  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Zelda_T
<Content>Lovely little boutique hotel This is a really nice little hotel in a great location: there's a subway and Amtrack station 5 minutes walk away.The rooms all have cable TV and there's free internet access in the lobby. They also do a nice free breakfast snack of coffee/ tea and muffins and bagels. The staff were welcoming and helpful with suggestions of where to eat and what to do. Boston itself is a really easy city to walk around and I would highy recommend it for a short break.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kevnord
<Content>Great, Hip Hotel with unhelpful staff The Charlesmark is within a few blocks of Copley Place, Boston Commons, and Newbury Street.The room I had was great, oozing with style. My room looked out on the very busy Boylston street but was extremely quiet. The only negative thing I have to say about the hotel is in regards to the staff. Every time I interacted with them, I was made to feel as though I was bothering them. The only interactions I had were checking in and out. Lame.If you checking before your room is available, they will hold your luggage for you. However, they do not have a room for luggage and instead store it in the bar, under a counter. They run a wire through the handle and lock it up, but it's still out in the open. There are two computers attached to the internet downstairs, very handy.All-in-all, I would stay at this hotel again. The room/location were nice enough to make me overlook the rude staff members I encountered.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	1	2	4	

<Author>AW-PW
<Content>Extremely Good We are from Cheshire, UK. We stayed at the Charlesmark for only one night as we were picking up a car the next day to travel to Cape Cod. We found the hotel to be very clean and the staff on reception were more than helpful in recommending local restaurants and giving directions. We would definately stay at this hotel again as we were very comfortable and the location is perfect for exploring the local bars, restaurants and shops. Boston is a lovely place and if we have anything critical to say about this hotel the only thing we can think of is that the free breakfast wasn't up to much - serve yourself buns and coffee. But nearby there were plenty of places to eat, so book to stay here, you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>EdoRuan
<Content>It Was As We Hoped It Would Be Taking the train from Penn Station in NYC left us just a 5 minute walk from the hotel. Though our room was smallish, it was a model of efficient design, clean and pleasant, and the staff were as friendly as I want a staff to be. Other pluses include the Back Bay location, a few blocks from Boston's lovely Public Gardens, a Tube station on the corner, some of the city's best restaurants just steps away, and the hotel's most reasonable rates. When you are hungry, try AbbeLouie's, the Atlantic Fish Co., Legal Seafood and Sasso--all nearby.Edo, NYC (Congratulations to the Red Sox for a great season. We'll see you on the field of battle.)  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>obxwahoo
<Content>Pretty Good Place We flew up to Boston to spend time in the city and visit old friends, and booked one night here and the next night with our friends. Many high points: great location, very unique decor, not your everyday chain hotel. Sure the rooms are small, but it didn't really bother us. Nice touches: Surround sound system in the room that also plays in the bathroom, Direct TV and music (which was set to classical as we entered our room), light (but tasty) breakfast, friendly service. The bathroom was terrific - made of stone and slate and great water pressure - I want one at home. The bar is happening at night, so book a room on floor two or above if noise bothers you. The few lows: the TV remote is a bear to operate (it changes channels, but does not successfully control the sound on the receiver), no closet in the room (cabinets instead), the Internet was down in the lobby while we were there. Otherwise, a great stay at a very reasonble cost. You won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>AcademicTraveler37
<Content>Good value, Good location, happy with stay I stayed at the Charlesmark for one night, as I was doing some research at Harvard. The price was the best available (I paid $169.00 on Orbitz) and the location, as others have said, can't be beat--right on Boylston Street, across from Library and one-two blocks from Copley Place and other shopping. 1/2 block from the T stop. I agree that the rooms are really small--mine was 604, and I agree with the person who stayed in 504 that this is probably the smallest room on each floor, so consider that when you check in. I also agree that there was some sort of background noise that I couldn't get rid of--probably the A/C outside. Finally, I could see the bar was very trendy and popular for the elite Boston set, and that may appeal to some people, but for me it just clogged the lobby (which is TINY) and made me feel like the conspicuously alone, unhip traveler that I am.BUT the room was new, spotless, very comfortable, and had free bottled water, scads of TV channels, free local phone calls, and a stereo w/CD changer, if you like to listen to music. There was also a guide to Boston in the room--not a magazine, but an actual guidebook--for us during one's stay. I've not seen that at other hotels. I found the staff very friendly and appreciated the free internet in the lobby (though it was in high demand, and one of the two computers was broken). overall I highly recommend the hotel for single travelers, esp on short stays, who like to be centrally located and who don't need a lot of space (and who like trendy digs).  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>21H21J
<Content>Could be a great hotel, but it's not. I had high expectations of the Charlesmark based on the tripadvisor reviews, and that the hotel had promised a great room when I told them we were in Boston to celebrate a birthday.What we got was very different.On checking in, the member of staff seemed annoyed that we had disturbed his TV viewing in the bar. The only words he uttered were: Name, credit card and 504.If the room was a great room as promised, I'd hate to stay in the others. Based on floor map on the back of the door, it looked like we had the smallest room possible. The view was of the air conditioning units, along with the noise. Perhaps this is why they have stereo systems - to drown out the noise!The complimentary continental breakfast is $2 worth of Dunkin Donuts.The location is good, but Boston is so compact you'd be hard pressed to get a bad location.The room rates may be less than at other hotels, but you get what you pay for, and at the Charlemark that is not very much.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	1	1	2	

<Author>simcott
<Content>Excellant stay I found the hotel on the Internet and definaltiy sounded what we were after. We weren't dissappointed. The hotel was more than what we expected for the price and the location ws fantastic. The hotel rooms were very cosey and boutique. The breakfast was well worth waiting for after a long journey and the bagels were very tasty. The unlimited coffee definately made a great start to the day for exploring boston.. I can't say what the best part of the stay in boston was but please try the legal seafood lump crap cakes!!!!!! The Legal Seafood can be found at either the Predential Center or the Harbour. The BeenTown Trolley Tour including the Harbour Tour were worth it for seeing the sights of boston. Don't forgot to go to the common to see the DUCKS! If you plan on visiting Boston then stay at the 'Charlesmark' its well worth the staty.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Norwich27
<Content>What a great place!!! I am writing this while sadly waiting to leave for the airport. We have had a lovely time in Boston and found that the hotel and lounge lived upto previous reviews left here. Yes the rooms are compact but they have everything you need, including free bottled water everyday. Jefferson, the lounge manager, really makes you feel welcome, and the staff in the hotel are friendly and nothing is any trouble. Would not hesitate to stay here again.There are some lovely restaurants in the area and it is also a nice 10min walk to Fenway Park. Hope you enjoy your stay.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RachelTLondon
<Content>Okay hotel - good city location My husband and I stayed at the Charlesmark Hotel for one night in July 07.The hotel is in a great location and can be described as a trendy boutique place. We got a good deal on Expedia and didn't expect a lot of the hotel and everything was as expected when we checked in.Rooms - the rooms are very small. I don't think I've ever stayed anywhere with such a small room or bed before. I'd describe the bed we had as a big single. Couples going to this hotel would be advised to ask for two single beds - what the Charlesmark calls a double wouldn't fit the average sized american couple!!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>falsesmall
<Content>Back Bay Star The Charlesmark defines what a boutique hotel should be. The hotel is small but quaint. The rooms are average to small yet perfectly comfortable. Euro styled bathroom, no tub, but the nicest shower I was ever in. The rooms are tastefully decorated, modest and clean. Very comfortable bed and pillows. Direct TV and terrific sound system throughout the room. Efficient climate control. First class martini bar in lobby attracting some of the local beautiful people. As pointed out in other reviews, location is top notch. Yards from the Copley Square T stop granting easy access to all of Boston. No parking on premises but you can park your car about 5 minute walk away for a hotel validated $20.00, reasonable for Boston.You simply will not find a better hotel for the money.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>DNaada
<Content>Pleasant Boutique Hotel Spent one night at the Charlesmark.Positives: Excellent location in the Back Bay area of Boston, one block off of Newbury St and good shopping. Service was good, with a modest but adequate continental breakfast (bagels, muffins, apples and bananas,) ,included in the rate. The bathroom ws small but nicely tiled. They allowed us an early check-in, with the room available by 11am. They had a good selection of TV stations (including several HBO channels), and they provided free bottled water in a mini-chiller.Negatives: The room was small, and instead of the promised 2 beds, there was one full-size bed and a fold-out twin sofa. It was difficult to control the temperature in the room, so it was always too hot or too cold. The sink area was quite small. The TV had very poor volume control, with a difficult to operate remote control. It was a CRT TV. There was no refrigerator/mini-bar in the room.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>matthijst
<Content>Great hotel, top location This is a great hotel in the center of Boston. Rooms are a bit small, but fully equipped. Newbury Street is right behind the hotel, and all other things worth seeing (ie. Freedom Trail) are within walking distance. We parked our car at Boston Commons for $10 a day. It's a short walk to the hotel and you can unload your luggage before parking.If you're looking for a great hotel in the center, for a reasonable price, look no further!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Tobinyon
<Content>Great stay at the Charlesmark Just got back from a weekend in Boston, Friday August 17 thru Sunday August 19, 2007 and stayed at the Charlesmark Hotel. Excellent location and very easy to get to off the Green line T at Copley. The hotel is lively and is very small but if you are there visiting for the weekend or for a few days, I would recommend this hotel. Right across from the Boston library and just down from Copley Square where the Westin and Fairmont hotels are, you can't beat the price and location. There isn't much of a lobby, most of it is the bar but they do have an upper lounge area with 2 workstations offering free internet access. The hotel does offer free continental breakfast which was just fine for us consisting of coffee, OJ, hot water  teas/hot chocolate, fresh bagels with cream cheese or butter or jelly, fresh fruit and a variety of fresh muffins and pastries. Up in the room they list the places nearby where you can get a full breakfast if you prefer that. We stayed on the 4th floor in a queen room, for I heard that it could be noisy on the first floor and I could see why because Boyolston street is hopping along with the bar downstairs all night long.Our room, 403 was a good size providing all the amenities one needs. The view consisted of looking into an alley but we were not there for the view. Bathroom was large with a cold slate floor and shower area. Great toiletries of shampoo, conditioner, mouthwash and lotion (no body wash). Not much counter space but enough for 2 people. The hotel is fun with a modern flair and we found service to be great. On Sunday we checked out in the AM and the hotel held our bags until our flight in the evening for no charge.Back Bay area was great, close to the Prudential Center shops, Top of the Hub and lots of great bistros and landmarks for sight seeing. There is a restaurant next to the Charlesmark bar called Bangkok Blue and is actually the one who does the food for the hotel's patio area out front. We dined there for a late lunch and they offer Thai food. We eat alot of Thai food and we give this restaurant a very high recommendation for the excellent food we ate.The hotel isn't far from Fenway park for we could hear the crowds during the games and the area was very busy in the afternoons and evenings but you felt safe walking around.After seeing most of Boston over the past 2 days and feeling beforehand that if you could afford it that you should really stay down at the waterfront for a great visit, there are more advantages to staying in Back Bay. You are right in the middle of everything and can spend less for a hotel room versus nearer the waterfront. We highly recommend this hotel and would consider staying at the Charlesmark again.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>elliehartmann
<Content>Charlesmark Hotel #1 I loved the Charlesmark hotel and the staff were very helpful.The manager Kyle carried our bags to our room and then made reservations for us a an Italian restaurant named Massaminos in the Little Italy section called the North End. Food was delicious!Claire another ( Beautiful ) manager scored us Red Sox tickets.We loved the martini bar and sitting on the patio.The bartender Jefferson made us his signature Dancing Bear martini. Whoo hoo! Great stuff!I would recommend this hotel to people who want a small intimate type of place.Rooms were clean and modern.Location was perfect.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rjh920
<Content>Highly Recommend the Charlesmark Really a fine boutique hotel.Service-Very helpful, offered to make suggestions for dining and fun things to do.Location- Can't get any better in the heart of the city, close to many stores, restauraunts and the T right out the front door.Value- Paid $179 Free internet, continental breakfast, computers in the lobby, free bottled water. This was about $100 less than the other hotels in the neighborhood.Patio and Martini bar- Hip, Jefferson the bartender was awesome. Great people watching on the fashionable street.Downside- Hard to get a reservation because they are so popular!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Paisajista
<Content>Very Pleasant Stay. Great Location. Stayed there for only two nights, the rest of the stay I changed to YWCA, budgetwise. It was a great small hotel with an excellent location, only two block to the subway, one of the most pleasant commercial streets of Boston, malls. So not only it is an above average small hotel it is very convenient. I liked a lot the lounge, very nice and very easy to meet people, have a croissant, a drink or simply watch a good baseball game. Avoid the Thai restaurant next to the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>julia444
<Content>Knowledgeable Staff, Small Rooms I was prompted to write this review after a long business trip and must say that after staying in nine hotels over six weeks I found customer service to be the making or breaking of my stays. Not having much room to work in my suite I spent a considerable amount of time in the downstairs lounge. The staff at the Charlesmark was delightful. Front desk Dustin walked me through a computer meltdown at a less than desirable time of the night and my martinis and conversations with bartender Vanessa were wonderful (she even sent me away with a book to read on my flight). Small spaces made up for with superb staff.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NWTRNR
<Content>Great little hotel, excellent location My room was very pleasant. Great water pressure, clean, and a very comfortable bed. Another plus -- built-in speakers (in the bathroom too) to enjoy the cd/cable music. Normal hotel and street noise -- but nothing that kept us from getting our rest. Great lounge on the first floor.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>Michele13
<Content>Superb boutique hotel, great value This hotel is such a find in Boston, where it's hard to get a quality hotel under $200/night. I had an upgraded room (at $189/night) which had a large window overlooking Bolyston Street and the Boston Public Library. Though my room was on the second floor, overlooking the busy street and over the bar, it was extremely quiet. The room was very nice and just how others have described -- with a great sound system, gigantic floor-to-ceiling mirror that made the room look bigger, and a TV with tons of channels. My room didn't have a traditional desk and chair, so don't count on having a lot of formal work space. The bar has great outdoor seating, and was usually crowded during my stay. Breakfast was continental, with bagels, doughnuts, fruit, and oatmeal, too, I believe. Although not overly friendly, I found the front desk staff extremely helpful. They helped me navigate my way via T to the new convention center, and one stood outside during a rainstorm to hail me a cab. The 2 computers in the breakfast area were a nice touch.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Voyageurchic
<Content>Rude or indifferent, you decide We just returned from a fantastic time in New England. I had returned to walk the state of my birth. Our only disappointment during our entire stay was with the Charlesmark Hotel. We generally choose boutique hotels when we celebrate...it was my birthday on the day we arrived. My husband had emailed the hotel-with little interest on recommending ways to make it special. We arrived already in awe of the city to be greeted with a lowered head at reception that did not raise and a monotoned...'Name'. My cheerfulness plummeted, but not detered. Perhaps this is 'uber chic indifference'...but it carried on throughout our stay. To my mind, it became rudeness. We dropped our bags and went down for a drink, 15 minutes early... the bartender was chatting with the receptionist-'not open' again, not interested. As a former actor in New York and therefore bartender. I was disappointed in their disinterest in their customers. I certainly would have offered an alternative to a couple that had just arrived from 14 hours of travel... A true reflection of our entire three nights...they were more interested in gossip than service...which was reflected in the conversation of fellow guests on our final morning. The room was small but accurately represented on their website. The bathroom was great with a terrific shower. In fact, once you made it past the cool indifferent corridors of reception, you could not fault the stay. The donuts and bagels in the morning were fresh and the coffee a perfect start for the day. I wouldn't go there again, which is too bad, as we will be in Boston several times a year...it would have been nice to find a place to come back 'where everybody knows your name'...but I am certain they had no idea or interest in who we were.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	1	1	3	

<Author>Cville_Sojourner
<Content>Loved the Charlesmark Just got back from Boston. Our stay at the Charlesmark was excellent. The staff was very welcoming and helpful. We stayed on the 6th floor in a queen room. Walked in, and light jazz was playing on the full Audio-Visual system (even had speakers in the bathroom). Room was good sized, done in a modern motif: built-in bookcase, european lights. Bath a little small, no tub, but a large shower. Bed was fine, room might be on the dark side for some. No street noise, and quiet, even though we were right at the elevator. No view from the windows (but we don't really care about that).The downstairs lounge was very nice, and the sidewalk cafe pleasant.The location is the thing! Walk out the door and see the public library, look diagonally across and see Trinity Church. A couple of steps and you are on the T. . . Would definitely recommend!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>agorisk
<Content>Location, Location, Location My husband and I recently stayed in the Charlesmark hotel for 4,days, 3 nights. The location was great and the hotel was a great value for the location. We arrived in Boston very early on Saturday morning. The receptionist went to our room, verified it was ready and we were able to check in. She also encouraged us to have some of the breakfast. We appreciated the hospitality. You are within walking distance to the Boston Public Library, Fenway, Newbury Street, Boston Common and the Prudential Center just to name a few. I would return to this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>unfrequentflyer
<Content>Great location. good value for Boston The location of this hotel is unbeatable. The metro (or T) brings you to the doorstep from the airport. It is located opposite the Public Library and is within walking distance to most sights including Boston Common and the start of the Freedom Trail. There are also good dining options around the hotel. I booked a single room and although on the slightly small side, it was very compactly appointed and extrememly stylish. The bed was comfortable and the sheets etc were spotlesssly clean. There was a large full length mirror on one of the walls which helped to give an impression of having a larger room. The TV had an amazing selection of channels and the CD player/radio was connected to a cery high quality sound system which included speakers in the bathroom too. Speaking of which the bathroom was comparatively large and the power shower excellent. What I particularly enjoyed was to take a long luxurious shower with the music of Mozart piped into the bathroom!My room did not have a view to speak of but that didn't bother me. With respect to the staff, I woujld say that the standard was more variable. upon arrival I was met by a really charming and enthusiastic receptionist who asked about my flight, and proceeded to give me helpful brochures and maps of Boston and tips on where to dine and visit etc. On the subsequent days I noticed that the receptionist was occasionally distant and somewhat aloof, but never rude. The breakfast was OK. Orange juice, muffins and bagels from Dunkin' Doughnuts, fairly good coffee, Philadelphia cream cheese, jam and fruit, instant oatmeal. On same days the breakfast started a little late as they still hadn't gotten the fresh supply of bagels, but its a small point. Bottled water was complimentary.For the price I think it was good value for Boston given its outstanding location and quality of the rooms, considering tat breakfast is included. I would stay again if ever I were to return to Boston.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>Paka68
<Content>Small but Great! If you can handle a small room this is a wonderful place to stay. We really enjoyed the three nights we spent here and the location is excellent. We had a rental car but just left it parked at the garage because the hotel is so close to everything. The parking fee was reasonable for the area, $20 for 24 hours but keep in mind that applies from noon to noon and be sure to get the written directions on how to get to the garage (less than 10 minute walk) because the hotel is not very good at explaining it.The room was very nice as was the bathroom with it's Italian granite. The closet was a joke, totally unusable because it was so small. If you need to hang things, especially full length items do not stay here. The furniture was very nice, comfortable bed and a great sound system with speakers throughout the room and bathroom. It was very clean. The room wasn't too bad in size, it was just the bathroom and closet that were way too small.Front desk service was quite good (except for garage directions) and they were very considerate. The continental breakfast fell short, not much of a selection, pretty minimal.Overall we would definitely recommend this hotel and stay there again... just remember - small is the operative word.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>TravelGirl424
<Content>Great Stay! My company was exhibiting at a tradeshow at the Hynes Convention center so I wanted to book something in Copley Square so we could walk to the show. We had about eight rooms and everyone enjoyed their stay. Yes, the rooms are small, but they were really well decorated. The bar was great too! I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>RailWarrior
<Content>Great Value, Uneven Service       Queen Room  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	2	3	5	

<Author>ingrdo
<Content>Really, really overrated After reading reviews on tripadvisor, in magazines, Boston's Best of...about the Charlesmark, I decided to book it. I think this place and its staff have let the reviews go to their collective head. For paying $198 per night, I expected a lot more in terms of customer service. When I walked in, there were three people behind the 2.5 foot long front desk. Two continued their personal conversation and the third person looked at me with no interest whatsoever. There was no How may I help you?. No good afternoon. No nada. When I asked for help with our bags, one young man followed me out to the car and watched as I unloaded the bags. It took over one-half hour for our bags to make it to our room. Although there was an apology offeredfor it taking so long, it was given while the offeror was on his cellphone in the midst of a personal conversation. This was not a good sign. None of the three staff we had regular contact with would engage in a conversation without being prompted, no good morning, etc. The carpets did not appear to have been vaccumed either in the halls or our room in several days. Again, not for essentially $200 a night. There are some positives: The interior design is great, there is one bartender named Jefferson who I'd recommend to anyone, the location is perfect (however, any downtown hotel is strategically located for business/tourist travel), the disorganization and generalinattention to detail got us a couple glasses of Pinot Noir and appetizers for free. That wasn't the intention, however. When I checked out, I was told that everything was taken care of. I remindedthe person at the desk that we had two nights of a bar tab charged toour room. She looked at me, said, Well, that's a separate system andhe (not sure who) isn't here right now. Twenty minutes later one ofthe staff said, Your charge is $10 but I'm having a hard time printing it. In the next ten minutes, he walked by me four times anddid not address me. While we were double parked and loading our car ourselves, I ran back in and asked that the bill be mailed to me. BTW, our bill should have been about $50 so I'm apparently as confused as they are. We'll be back in Boston in September and will not be staying here!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	1	1	3	

<Author>RobertJP
<Content>Great Location, Noisy Room We have just returned from a stay in the Charlesmark and I would recommend it. If you do stay here you must make sure that you do not stay in the bottom floors. We spent one night there before we moved to the top floor and it was the noisest room I have ever stayed in.The rooms are quite small but very well set out. I stayed with my wife and seven year old daughter and we just about got away with her using the sofa bed as it wasn't very comfortable.The hotel staff are not over friendly at first but after a while they were quite helpfulAll in all we liked the hotel a lot. The rooms are perfectly fine for a couple but a bit of a stretch for 3. I would stay here again.Just around the corner on Newbury St is a great restaurant called Stephanies. Just across the road is The Boston Library which has a stunning courtyard and foyer. Check out the street entertainment at Fanuel Place, it was excellent.Boston is a great city. We look forward to returning soon.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GCutter
<Content>Loved It--Great location in Copley Our stay at the Charlesmark was a pleasant one. The location canot be beat. We were greeted immediately by a gracious atendant who held our bags for us and then brought them up to the room for us while we gallvanted all over Boston. Expect to get a smaller room but its quaint for couples and cute decor. If you are looking for a luxurious stay, this is not your hotel. It;s comfortable and for the price in this location, it was well worth it. The bathrooms and rooms are clan though we did have a leaky faucet and a cracked sink in room 503 but nothing that could not be handled. The bar downstairs gets pretty lively during the day so request to tay on a high floor if the noise gets to you. They do make excellent martinis however. While you are in town...go to the top of the Hub at the Pru..it was fantastic.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>fenwaybill
<Content>Well located, phone booth size accomodations Moved here from hotel on North St. Great location, near shops and food and fun. Anyone over 6 foot tall will find a great deal ofdifficulty in the elfin beds. Rooms were clean but very, verysmall. I just had the feeling that 4 or 5 wealthy local students withdeep pockets decided to do this place as a thesis project.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	4	3	2	4	

<Author>cmalloy
<Content>Stay only if you cannot beat the price I like Boston/Cambridge and have visited the city a lot. The Charlesmark is in a great location. However, I have paid much less or the same for much nicer accomodations also located in great locations. The Charlesmark is NOT worth what I paid: $200.00 approximately for each night. This price includes tax. 1) The rooms are very very small. They are clean but it is difficult to move around in them. Again, if the price had been less, I would have adjusted. The showers are tastefully tiled and the bathroom, overall, is quite nice. Warning: If you require a tub and are not handicapped, you will be sent to the rooms on the floor where the hotel restaurant's bathroom, laundry, and vending machines are located. Not visually appealing!2) The hallways are narrow and the carpet (outside the rooms) is stained and worn. The elevator has seen better days; I usually took the stairs. Overall, the hotel's appearance is slightly shabby. I do not refer to the rooms but to the lobby and hallways.3) The staff is a mixed lot. There are those who are helpful and those who are not. You will know them when you meet them.Bottom line: I stayed at the Inn at Harvard (lovely) after I left the Charlesmark. The difference in rooms, lobby, and atmosphere is stunning. Ironically, both places charged almost the same price. If you can get this place for a bargain rate, go for it. Otherwise, I wouldn't waste my time. There are so many better places to stay.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>Butty1
<Content>Great Location but that's about it The accomodation was clean and neat. The lack of closet space was irritating as it was only a really small cupboard as in half the height and width of a normal closet which was to store the clothes of 2 people! There was more space given to the TV. I knew that the room would be small but that was a little ridiculous.The staff didn't seem to have much of the usual knowledge you would expect for tourists, not even for the local area. We had a problem in that the fan in our bathroom was really noisy and when we complained we were told that maintainace would take care of it. After another night of fitful sleep we complained again and it turned out that nothing could be done about the fan. Only for the fact that my partner who suffered more sleep loss than me got a little annoyed by the desk clerk attitude and asked to see the manager was something done. The manager incidentially would not meet us and told the desk clerk to move us to another room which was slightly better.Breakfast was basic but good for getting you going in the morning. Nice bar also to enjoy a nightcap.The location was great as you are close to everything including transport, shopping, restaurants, bars, tour pick up's, Boston Common etc. Not a totally bad place to stay but a bit more customer service would help.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	5	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>geeSacramento
<Content>trendy place, great location We stayed for two nights in May 2007 and were pleased with the trendy accommodations. Room 406 is small, but clean and with modern characteristics. Great, great, great location--very close to the subway system, within walking distance to the Freedom Trail, and the street behind the hotel, Newberry Street, is filled with very trendy, boutique type shops. Good restaurants very closeby. The hotel has a martini bar (I believe) and free internet in the lounge area. I would stay there again without hesitation.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>NatV
<Content>Very disappointed We booked the Charlesmark for a two night stay at the end of a 10 day trip to the States having read the excellent reviews on here. Unfortunately we were really disappointed and I have to say that of the six hotels that we used during our trip the Charlesmark was by far the worst.On arriving at the hotel at 2.30pm, we were told that our room was not ready and to return after 3pm. Not a problem as the given check in time is 3pm - but when we returned at 3.15pm the room was still not ready. It was finally ready at about 4.15pm.We asked for a room at the rear of the hotel as were told that these are quieter and I need my sleep as I'm in the third trimester of pregnancy, but although we had a room at the back we were kept awake most of the night by a noisy air con unit. When we mentioned this we were told that nothing could be done as the unit belonged to the next-door building - how about warning us or fitting some kind of sound-proofing on the windows?The washbasin in our bathroom was cracked, the toilet did not flush properly and overall the room was extremely cramped.Yes, it's really well located but maybe the Charlesmark has become a bit complacent. I would not stay here again and would not recommend the hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	1	1	3	

<Author>Freischutz
<Content>Outstanding small hotel The Charlesmark Hotel could not be better situated. In the heart of Boston's Back Bay directly above the Copley Square subway station, it's in easy walking distance of the whole of the centre of the City. The hotel has recently undergone a major refurbishment and, although the rooms are small (even by European standards), they are very well appointed. The bathrooms are particularly noteworthy: the slate finish is not only very practical but also very attractive. The room in which we stayed had a double bed and a sofabed. We used both. The sofabed - never the most rest-inducing pieces of furniture - was of decent quality and totally satisfactory for the three night duration of our stay. The inclusive continental breakfast was a plus, as was the free internet access from terminals in the breakfast/upper bar area.If arriving in the city by air, ignore the blandishments of the Transit Authority to catch the silver line bus from Logan Airport into the centre. Instead, take the airport shuttle #33 from the terminal to the blue line subway station, changing to the green line at Government Centre station. The journey from the airport terminal to the hotel front desk by this route will take you no more than 30 minutes. If arriving in the city by Amtrak from the South, the hotel is barely 5 minutes' walk from the Back Bay train station.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ZipZoo
<Content>Excellent value, excellent service For a 3-day conference at Hynes Convention center, I turned to TripAdvisor to find a hotel nearby that would fit the budget of my employer. I contacted the Charlesmark directly and made a reservation, which was confirmed promptly by e-mail and gave directions to the municipal parking lot where they've arranged a $20 discounted rate, much better than the Prudential Center's $36 a night. On arrival in Boston I parked my car, then stopped in at the Charlesmark on the way to the Hynes and left my bag. When I returned that night, my bag had already been nicely placed in my room. While the room was not large, it was quiet, the contemporary decor was attractive and the space well utilized. Bottles of water were left in the room each day at no charge, there was a stereo, video player, cable TV, and a huge full length mirror. Two computer stations with internet are available in the downstairs lounge. In the morning, there are newspapers, juice, coffee, fruit, bagels and so on, all included in the room rate. Coffee and pretzel-type snacks are available throughout the day. The staff was quite helpful and I was very pleased with the hotel. Those traveling for pleasure might want to ask about room views--my room had a very limited rear view, which was fine for me, but might not work for everyone. This is a nice area for visitors, with plenty of shopping and restaurants nearby on Boylston Street and in the Prudential Center Mall. It's an easy walk to Newbury Street and to the Boston Common, there's a Shaw's Supermarket nearby , and a Green Line subway stop on the corner.  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>kerryfromsheffield
<Content>Great stay at Charlesmark Felt compelled to write a review after a wonderful stay at the Charlesmark. Staff were very friendly and helpful both on arrival and throughout my stay. Room was small but perfectly formed. Shower was among the best I've ever used and loved the sound system with speakers in both the bedroom and bathroom. Centrally located a few steps from Copley Square, Copley Mall, 2 mins from Newbury Street and the Copley subway station. Can't recommend it enough - will definitely stay there next time I'm in Boston.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Deslina
<Content>Loved the Charlesmark, it is GREAT Hello, I just returned from a weekend Business trip to Boston. I stayed at the Charlesmark Hotel in the heart of the Back Bay area. I arrived there at 1:30pm and check in time was 3:00pm so my room was not ready yet. The ladies at the front desk were really nice, they tagged my luggage and went to put in it the room. I heard that the room I was going to recieve was one that is in the lower level with no windows or view. I ask them to change the room, because I have a problem being in a room with no windows, well they gave me a Queen size room on an upper floor with a view for the same price of $149.00 the price of a double bed room. The Charlesmark is a Wonderful place to stay, the rooms are super clean, the shower is amazing -great water pressure, the lolipops in the toothbrush holders are really cute, free internet service in the lobby , free bottled water, and free continental breakfast. There is a bar downstairs and it is a little noisy, but just get a room on one of the upper floors and you will be fine. I so loved staying here, I would reccommed this hotel to anyone going to boston. The Charlesmark is GREAT !!!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ab2000
<Content>Great hotel in great location               
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stevenewman1
<Content>Great location for those willing to walk anywhere in Boston Stayed at the Charlesmark for 6 days. This hotel is ideally situated in the middle of Boston and within walking distance of everywhere (if you are the walking type).Good points - room was compact, bed was excellent, shower excellent, rate very very good, room always cleaned to a great standardPoor points - staff NEVER said hello but when spoken to were not rude, breakfast a complete disaster (turn right out of hotel and head for Pourhouse, best breakfasts in Boston), Charlesmark have 100 out of date videos available to watch in room, TV had 300 channels of which 90% were rubbish (not hotels fault), no tea or coffee facilities in roomIf you plan to be exploring Boston (we saw Kaiserchiefs at the Avalon, Baseball at Fenway, Basketball at the fantastic indoor arene called TNB?, went on Duck tour, walked Freedom trail, went to the navy yard, shopped, used the Amtrak for a day trip to New York, ate in lots of restaurents etc) then this is the hotel for you!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>Paul Waites
<Content>Great Location We just spent Easter in Boston. You can walk everywhere just about.That being the case this hotel is in an ideal location. At the heart of Boston at the finish line for the Marathon. Room was on the small side but very comfortable. There is a fine bar with a great bartender. The only drawback was the included breakfast which was dreary. Paid $149 +tax not bad at all for the location Would return  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>frida11
<Content>PERFECT - great location, great room, great staff We stayed at the Charlesmark for one night before my husband presented at a conference in Copley Plaza. The rate was perfect - I think we paid less than $150 for a queen room, and the room was great. Some people have complained about the size of the rooms, but I didn't find this to be a problem during our one night there. The room was quiet, clean, and stylish. It overlooked the Boston marathon finish line and the historic Boston Library. The location is amazing. One block from boutiques and cafes on Newbury and within three blocks of Boston Common, Copley Plaza. When we checked out the next day, we were able to leave a gigantic suitcase, a huge box, and a backpack with the guy behind the desk for five hours. He was incredibly accommodating and nice. Overall, it couldn't have been better.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>glencora
<Content>Terrific Hotel in Copley Square We've just returned from 2 nights in Boston, where we stayed at the Charlesmark on Boylston Street in Copley Square. It is a wonderful small hotel. We were able to park outside the hotel while we checked in. Longer term parking was simple and reasonable, being about 4 blocks from the hotel in municipal parking. The parking garage exited almost directly onto Route 90, which made our departure (even at rush hour) quick and seamless. We had a beautiful, contemporary (if small) room overlooking the Boston Public Library. The bathroom was clean and new. There was high quality audio equipment, satellite tv and wireless internet service in the room. Breakfast was included in the room rate and was basic (rolls, muffins, coffee) but good. There was a bar in the lobby from whom we purchased a bottle of wine for our room. The employees were young, polite and very helpful. I wouldn't hesitate to return to the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yps0702
<Content>LOVE IT, LOVE IT!               
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>aizzo
<Content>Fantastic Boutique Hotel       Greeted by Kyle when you check in!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>elisaNorway
<Content>Good hotel experience I stayed at the Charlesmark for almost one week in March 2007. I had read the reviews about the small rooms, but got a good rate so I decided to stay there anyway. I'm glad I did. The location is perfect, practically walking distance to anywhere in the city. The standard of the room was also good, and the room was definately big enough for 1 person. The bathroom and shower was nice. Some negative things to mention though: 1)There was not a proper full size hanging closet. Since I was travelling on business I brought several suits and dresses, and I had to hang these on a hook in the bathroom in lack of other alternatives. 2) very dim light in the room. (I like getting dressed in a room where I can actually see the color of the clothes I'm wearing) Since there was nothing but a brick wall outside the window, no real daylight came into the room and the lamps were not very strong. On the positive side though, I loved the huge dressing mirror!3) Breakfast was very very basic. (But it was complimentary...)Summed up: the hotel is definately worth checking out, just be aware of the few things I mentioned above...(I could very well just be more picky than the average guest :-)  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>tritravel
<Content>Overall Good We came away with a good experience at this hotel although it did not start well. We arrived at 5:30 pm for our 1 night stay and were sent to our queen-bed room -- only to find that it had not yet been cleaned from the previous guests. Towels on the floor, window wide open, generally a mess. We went back down to get a different room, and the guy at the front desk was not very helpful, friendly, or apologetic (his first offer was for us to wait while he ran and cleaned the room for us, even though we had told him we needed to shower and get on our way for an appointment). Finally we got a different, smaller room with a better view, and we were told we could discuss a discount the next morning with a manager. The room we booked should have cost $139, and they put us in a $119 room. We were told the lowest they could go on discount was $99. The next morning the manager offered a discount down to $99, and when we checked out, there was an envelope with $40 in cash waiting for us, since we had prepaid for the room through hotels.com. This was great for our good will!The hotel itself was very nice, and the lounge and bar were fun. Everything was clean and the stereo system and speakers in the room and bathroom were great. We will definitely go back and stay again -- the location and price can't be beat. It's a funky hotel with nice atmosphere. We will bring our own pillows next time, though -- the ones they provided were pretty limp.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	1	3	5	

<Author>Dr.Ana_B
<Content>Best Hotel in Boston! We are so happy that we found the Charlesmark hotel. Everything about our stay was perfect. Aside from the beautiful rooms and hip lounge, the staff is what made our trip most enjoyable. We loved ending each day with dinner and cocktails in the hotel lounge. Jefferson, our bartender, was also a lot of fun. We looked forward to chatting with him each night. I just cannot say enough good things about this hotel.Thank you Charlesmark!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>worldtravellerNYC
<Content>Definitely Recommend the Charlesmark       Slate and glass tiles in bathroom  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>CBJBSouthCarolina
<Content>Great place to stay in Boston! Came to Boston to attend a conference at the Hynes Convention Center...Although not directly connected to the center like the Sharaton or Marriot, the CharlesMark was only a few minutes walk away with a Dunkin Donuts and Starbucks (whichever you prefer) along the way. The rooms were exactly the right size for a single traveler or couple without children, and the showers were heaven...lots of water pressure and beautiful stonework. The ambient music in the rooms was also a plus. I loved to relax in the the lounge in the evenings and check my e-mail or search the web. There are plenty of excellent restaurants within a block or 2 of the hotel, especially if you enjoy steaks, seafood, or asian/sushi. There is also a LOT of great shopping within walking distance, if you are so inclined. We did not utilize the T system on this trip, but the Copley station is within a block. The front desk staff were very helpful as was one of the owners, who interacted with the customers on a regular basis. I would highly recommend this Hotel for any visit to Boston.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sunnyday12
<Content>Excellent, Hip Hotel...Great location and Price The Charlesmark is an excellent hotel at an amazing location. The rooms are on the smaller side, but the space is efficiently used. The room comes with excellent amentities such as Direct TV, state of the art surround sound, bottled water at no charge and a beautiful bathroom with a nice slate/stone shower. The beds are very comfortable and a complimentary Continental Breakfast is available in the lounge in the morning. The lounge also features free high speed internet on two hotel owned computers. The Charlesmark lounge is a hip night spot and is a very comfortable place to have a cocktail.The hotel's location on Back Bay's Boylston Street is excellent. The T's Green Line is right across the street and you are within walking distance to the Boston Common, Newbury Street , Prudential Center and the Copley Mall. The Charlesmark is a great hotel to take in what Boston has to offer for an amazing price. This was our 2nd stay at this establisment and we will continue to go back!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>Stuut
<Content>Good and centrally located Stayed at the Charlesmark for 1 night on a very cold January day. Ideally I would have given the Charlesmark a 3.5 (I never give a 5 unless something is absolutely perfect!). Reasons why it wasn鈥檛 4 for me:鈥here was a constant hum from the generators on next doors roof. Although not terribly annoying, it was there (and in fairness, the hotel can do nothing about this).鈥he heating system is hot air and was quite noisy, even on low. The hotel could do something about this.鈥 don鈥檛 like a hot bedroom so turned off the heating at night but woke later feeling very cold (well, it was -5C outside). I went in search of extra bedding but there was none, so I ended up turning on the heating. I was only staying one night and I鈥檓 sure the hotel would have offered me additional bedding had I asked for it. However, I didn鈥檛 really feel like making a fuss at 2am.鈥here is very little storage area. If two people were staying for a week, they would need to live out of their suitcase.Now for the good things, which would make me come back to the hotel and recommend it to others, bearing the above in mind:鈥ood value for money.鈥ery centrally located.鈥revious reviews talk of traffic noise 鈥?my room was at the back and it wasn鈥檛 a problem.鈥lthough the room wasn鈥檛 huge (I had a Queen room) it was of ample sufficiency. The bed was very comfortable, the room clean with modern furnishings and good quality entertainment system, and, for a business traveller, the all important free WiFi.鈥he bathroom was small but perfectly formed with an excellent hot shower, good accessories and well laid out, considering the size.鈥reakfast is a very 鈥渃ontinental鈥?affair with tea, coffee and different pastries available. Not a huge amount of choice put perfectly acceptable.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>Collegegirl1
<Content>Great Hotel I recently stayed at the Charlesmark, and enjoyed my stay. I was there with three other women, and we had two rooms. The rooms were downstairs, and were both very quiet dispite the crowd upstairs at the lounge (it was a Saturday night). The rooms were very nice, I loved all the little touches..music playing when you first enter the room, water bottles (at no extra charge). The bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was beautiful, and the shower was great. We went to see a show in Boston, but when we returned we enjoyed a drink in the lounge. The seating in the upstairs area of the lounge was so cozy and comfortable....a great place to unwind. I look foward to another girls night in Boston, and another stay at the Charlesmark.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ExtraPickles
<Content>Best Value in Boston's Back Bay When I booked a room at the Charlesmark for $129 per night, I was nervous. How could a new hotel in the heart of Boston's Back Bay be so affordable? After spending a night there, I am still asking that question ... for it was a clean, stylish hotel in a prime location with a room rate that is at least $50 cheaper than anything else I've found in the area.As promised, the front desk attendant told me that we'd have a quiet room on the sixth floor (room 606). The room was designed in a contemporary style similar to West Elm. Design was also functional, allowing for maximum room in a tight space. For example, here was no minifridge; instead, there was a minicooler on a media case shelf that held two free bottles of spring water. Keep in mind that this room spacewise is fine for two people, but you'll have to upgrade to the hotel鈥檚 larger room type for a party of three. The in-room TV had hundreds of channels, including Fox Sports stations for at least a dozen regional areas (ex. Arizona, Pittsburgh). XM music channels were also available through the TV ... and broadcast into the bathroom with an adjustable volume control.The bathroom had a stone-like decor and featured a good assortment of amenities, including two lollipops in the toothbrush holder. The water had great pressure and almost instantly adjusted to my preferred temperature preferences.Incredibly, the room rate includes a continental breakfast in the lounge. Several newspapers were available to read as we munched on bagels, fresh fruit, and oatmeal.The attendant was the only staffperson we saw during our stay; she was polite and showed me a larger room upon my request (I was curious to see what the extra money would've gotten us). The size of the rooms made me question the accessibility of the lodging options, but she informed me that there are two accessible rooms on the property.The style of the Charlesmark makes it great for romantics and hipsters, while the price and location of the hotel is a rare find for families and budget travelers. I need to find an excuse to return!  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>terry1967
<Content>Spotless, great location-it's the finish line of marathon . Very clean easy to find - opposite Boston Library. Great staff,bars, dining, walks (very safe) all nearby. Boston must be one of the prettiest cities. i min from Prudential centre (shopping mall etc)Great value - free internet- they will print maps get info car hire etc- all free.So easy to find by car, train, taxi. There's a silver service train to airport for $2 from station you can walk to or by train acrooss the road or $5 taxi.We hired a car and went to Cape Cod. all of it is great but Hyannis is main beach/shop. DO get the ferry to Martha's - great place with bike hire or a really good bus service.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Nekero
<Content>Boston Bargain My experience at this small boutique hotel in the heart of Boston was outstanding. The rooms and common areas are very fashionable. Breakfast items are included in the room cost which is a bargain compared to similar Boston hotels. The staff was very helpful and provided a printout of nearby restaurants. Located near the subway and within short walking distance of many tourist sites. It's hard to imagine a better choice--one of my most memorable stays in the last few years.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gothgimpbadcooking
<Content>Charlesmark was fantastic We had such a terrible vacation in Boston, picking all the wrong things to see on their most crowded days. The one bright spot of our trip was the Charlesmark. It must cost half the price of the hotels just across Copley but we wouldn't know based on the quality of our stay. Our (little) room was SO comfortable and just big enough for two. We had one of the rooms with the double beds and were impressed with how economically space was used. We had a fantastic view of a brick wall -- literally -- but felt very secluded from the hustle and bustle of the streets below because we were all the way at the back of the hotel (room 205, FYI). Lobby staff was standoffish but, hey, it's Boston. Everyone seemed freakin' miserable. And anyway, I called downstairs several times to get phone numbers and information and received it promptly and politely. The shower was INCREDIBLE -- we're talking about it still two weeks later -- and the little perks like strategically placed speakers, satellite TV and radio and a bar right downstairs couldn't be beat. Plus, there were computers for us to use and print our boarding passes when we were ready to get the heck out of town already.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Mooch_1013
<Content>Great location, good value, memorable stay! My girlfriend and I just got back from two nights at the Charlesmark. I was looking to stay somewhere centrally located, relatively inexpensive, and above all, memorable. The Charlesmark delivered in all of these areas.First, as others have noted, the location can't be beat. From the Charlesmark, if you walk at a decent pace, it's 30 seconds to a T stop, 45 seconds to the Boston Public Library, 3 minutes to the Trinity Church, Copley Plaza, or Newbury Street, and 5 minutes or so to the Boston Public Garden. BTW, the Parish Cafe (361 Boylston St.) had maybe the best sandwiches I've ever had in my life.Second, it's relatively cheap. $129 for the regular room, and $30 more for a slightly larger room. We stayed in a regular room on the top (6th) floor, but took a peek into one of the larger rooms while it was being cleaned. If you're extremely claustrophobic, maybe you'll want to get the larger room, but otherwise, you should probably save your money.Third, it was memorable. When we first opened the door to the room, my impression was My god, this room is small. But as we unpacked, and I started discovering the nice little touches around the room that make the absolute optimally-efficient use of the limited amount of space, I became more and more impressed. For example, most hotels I've stayed at have had a big dresser and a closet. Here, there were drawers that were concealed at the bottom of the foot of the platform-style bed, and sets of drawers to the sides of the headboard of the bed. There's a cabinet in the bottom of the AV-unit where you can hang clothes, and places to hang coats behind the door. The AV-unit also had a cabinet perfectly sized to hold a large carry-on bag, and a space at the top for a suitcase. Dimming lamps folded against the headboard of the platform bed. Also, there was a huge (7 ft or so tall by 4 ft wide) mirror against the wall, next to the window, creating the illusion of more space.Now, I'm a city-dweller writing from a relatively small condo in the heart of a city, so the Charlesmark hit a number of my sweet spots as far as preferences. In fact, I'm impressed with the layout and use of space to the point that I'm going to try to steal some of the elements of their design for my own place. However, I can see how someone with different tastes might feel a bit cramped in a Charlesmark room. If having a hotel room large enough to throw a football around in is your thing, then you'd probably be better off somewhere else. But if you want somewhere that's well-located, relatively cheap, and memorable, you might want to try the Charlesmark.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Chispito
<Content>Great location, hotel just OK...               
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>scubagurls
<Content>Always our favorite or a getaway in Boston! Modern, very cool rooms. Immaculate, very comfortable  has everything you need. Not suitable for children. Love the decor  artwork! Beds  showers are great!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Road&GardenGranny
<Content>Wonderful Gem!!! We love small properties, this was no exception. Staff remembered our name, made us feel at home. It was a joy.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>toela
<Content>Location -Location-Location! Great Hotel We stayed at the Charlesmark, Nov 10 - Nov 14, for 4 nights. We arrived at the hotel at 10:00 am from our flight, too early to check in. We were traveling with another couple,so we asked to have rooms close together on the top floor, after reading other reviews about street noise. We left our luggage and headed out into the city. We walked the freedom trail and the entire city all day, and didn't get back to the hotel until 5:30 pm. We checked in no problem, and our luggage had already been put in our rooms, on the 6th floor. The rooms are small but nicely appointed, and spotlessly clean. Our room was very quiet, I would defiently recomend the top floors. The only concern I had was the floor was a little squeeky , it didn't bother us but I wonder if the room below could hear it? We enjoyed the complimentary breakfast, always had lots on hand and kept it refilled. Free internet in the lounge area was a bonus,and useful for checking out places and making reservations. As my title says, we loved the location. Boston really is a walking city, and such a beautiful one, take advantage of that. The Blueman Group is great, Prudential Skywalk Wonderful,Body works2 art show WOW. So much to see so little time, can't wait to go back, and would gladly stay at the Charlesmank again  
<Date>Nov 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Rooke
<Content>Central but noisy 29th - 31st October 2006Trip adviser reader, Surrey,UKThe reception was unwelcoming and the room was very noisy. Night porter denied there was a problem, but next day Manager admitted there is a compressor. We moved rooms which was a little better. Rooms were lovely and modern. Position is great and right in the centre near the shops and attractions. Breakfast was not particularly good and self help. No secure place for luggage after check out.It is a shame they have not adressed the noise with better insulation - it was impossible to sleep our first night. Ask for a room on the top floor !!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	2	2	4	

<Author>Meadowmuffin
<Content>Best location ever This was a really great location ,it was within walking distance of everything we wanted to see.The rooms were small but very efficient, we really appreciated the music playing when we entered the room, a very nice touch.The complimentary breakfast was a great way to start the day without having to go out and search for a place to eat,it had everything you needed three types fruit,muffins ,oatmeal,cream cheese ,bagels tea and coffee.We would certainly book this hotel again if in the Boston area.Loved it.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelDealer
<Content>Perfect hotel, too bad about the staff... After taking a tour of the Charlesmark last June, we decided to have the members of our wedding party stay there. We couldn't reserve a block of rooms because of the hotel size, so, we just had everyone call. Last June we had a great guy who offered to walk us around, show us rooms, etc. He sold us. Then came October...A few nights before checking in we swung by to check on our reservation. The kid behind the desk was initially less then helpful. When I asked if it was possible for all of the girls to be on one floor and the guys to be on another, he exhaled and said that it would be a real problem and we should have notified him earlier. When we noticed that some of our wedding party members hadn't made reservations, I said that we would call them and have them confirm. The kid behind the desk mis-heard us to say that we wanted him to call and confirm our reservations and responded with, That would be an absolute hassle for me to call everyone... which I immediately had to correct him to say that _we_ were going to call our friends. He seemed relieved. After asking for something else and getting denied, I left wondering if it was too late to go somewhere else. (By the time we checked in, the girls all did end up on the same floor with the guys on the two floors above) We checked in on the Wed before our Sat wedding. That's when we met Ingrid. She was the absolute shining star. She came to the rescue when our inquiries of can we have a late checkout on the day of the wedding were answered with (by someone else) I don't know that that's possible with a plethora of reasons why not. Ingrid said not to worry, she'll make it happen. Anytime anyone in our wedding party needed anything at all, she was there to help. Every one in the wedding party (even those who weren't able to get in because they were full) loved her. Unfortunately so did the Head of Human Resources at Tiffany's who's hired her for bigger and better things. Anyway, aside from the remaining staff, the hotel itself is quite nice. The bar area and lounge behind the bar are great. There's also free internet which is wonderful. The regular sized room is a bit small with only a half size closet. The refrigerator is only large enough for 2 bottles of water. We had to plug ours in only to find it unplugged by house keeping later. Normally we don't need a lot of space, so, a room that size is fine. We didn't find the drawers in the room until we left (they're under the bed). The double room is a better bet if you're rooming up with friends. There is a breakfast put out - donuts, bagels, water, and coffee. Although we didn't have time to hang out at the bar, all of our friends did and really loved it. It was definitely hopping at night. Overall I would recommend staying here if you don't normally talk to the front desk anyway. That is, if you're low maintenance. We usually are, but, due to the wedding we had a few more needs then the average customer. I know without a doubt if it wasn't for Ingrid, we would have been a lot worse off. All of that being said, we probably would stay here again at the location was fantastic and the price is definitely right.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	2	2	4	

<Author>penylan
<Content>Loved the Charlesmark!       Our room at the Charlesmark  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>josephmichael
<Content>Best Hotel In Boston One of the best Hotel/Bar experiences I have come across in the Boston area....Very clean rooms,great service and very affordable..I hightly recommend this to anyone looking to stay in the Boston area  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Melanie_Day
<Content>Great Hotel , Stylish Hip Lounge , Outstanding Location Rooms are modern, Stereos with surround sound speakers, DVD/CD Players and free movie library, free bottled water every day, free wireless internet , free breakfast. Such a deal!The hotel is beatifully decorated and spotlessly clean. The service provided by the staff was first class and genuine. The hotel has 40 rooms so the staff really get to know you.We went to the bar in the lounge every night and met some very cool people. It has a very hip vibe . Our bartender Jefferson was one of the most talented bartenders I have ever met. Smart, articulate and made great drinks.The location is the icing on the cake. Right in the middle of all the best retail shops and restauraunts.I highly recommend the Charlesmark.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rodrir
<Content>Fantastic hotel! The Charlesmark Hotel was reasonably priced compared to other hotels in the area (it's in the Back Bay area -- great location). It's in the center of everything -- across the street from the Boston Library, close to the Fairmont Copley Hotel, the subway system, Boston Common, Prudential shopping center and many areas to eat. The rooms were small, but it's alright if you just want to come back to your hotel, rest and kick back. They provide upgrade/premium cable channels, including all the HBO channels. It's clean and everything seems new (looks like they just renovated the hotel.) In each room, they provide you with a great tourist guide book to borrow during your stay, if you want to take it with you when you check out from the hotel it's $14. There is no restaurant in the hotel but many in the area. You can order from a list provided to you by the hotel and they will deliver to your room. There is a gym close by that gives all the Charlesmark customers a discount; will charge $10 to allow you to use the gym. Their continental breakfast is great and you must have their bagels. They have have free internet service in their lobby floor. The only thing is they don't have parking and you must park your car two short blocks away for $35 a day.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>dundeetripper
<Content>center of the centre Myself my wife and my son stayed there late september and had a wonderful visit. The staff were pleasant and check in was quick. We requested a crib for my son and as they didn't have any available, so the hotel went out and bought a brand new one. The room wasn't the biggest but the location was as centre as it could be. We had a wonderful time here and again trip advisor was spot on with its advice. Considering its position in boston our room was very quiet. The only bad comment is the breakfast, they really could do with a toaster for the bagels.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rainman16
<Content>Excellent time at the Charlesmark I stayed with my wife at the Charlesmark for a weekend getaway to Boston in October. From Check-in until we left our stay was phenomenal. The staff at the Charlesmark is young and hip but very courteous and professional. From the classical music playing when we checked in to our room to the free! internet in the lobby, the Charlesmark made our weekend wonderful. The rooms are on the smaller side but very stylish with everything we needed. The bathrooms are beautifully designed and the water pressure is unbelievable. The location of the hotel can't be beat. It is right in the heart of the Back Bay next to many restaurants and and the shopping you can handle. All in all it was a great stay and we're sure to stay here the next time we come to Boston.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HeatherHC
<Content>Great location, but bring earplugs My husband and I stayed in the Charlesmark on a Saturday night in October. The absolute best thing about this hotel is the location -- it's right down the street from a T stop, it's within easy walking distance of the Prudential Center (an indoor mall) and local restaurants, and the area (Back Bay) can't be beat for shopping, restaurants, nightlife, etc. We also loved the design -- everything was sleek and beautiful. Check-in was a breeze. Even though our room was not ready, they held our bags and then took them to our room for us. We were too excited to see Boston to want to be in our room anyway. The staff was young and very welcoming. We had a standard room on the first floor. We did not mind the size at all. There was very little walking room around the bed area, and only one person can comfortably fit in the bathroom, but everything seemed new. There are speakers above the shower, so you can listen to music while showering! The orange lollypops were a nice touch. I also liked the large, full-length mirror. Here is my gripe: There are two rooms on the ground floor through a door and down a short hallway from the very noisy bar. Since we were staying on a Saturday night and I had read the reviews on this site, I knew I didn't want to be on the ground floor by the bar. So I specifically asked to be above the ground floor. This did not happen. We were stuck in one of the two rooms on the ground floor, despite my request. I tried not to be too disgruntled, as we were too tired from our long journey to make a fuss. Needless to say, it was VERY loud back there. We could hear laughing and loud music well past midnight. However, having read the reviews on this site, I came prepared with earplugs and slept soundly.This is a lovely hotel in a great location. But be smart and bring those earplugs. You never know what floor you're going to end up on --and it could be 5 feet away from a noisy bar crowd.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>DINGYDOLL
<Content>Absolutely Best Location Friend suggested this hotel. Proved to be a great travel experience. Smack dab in Copley Square we walked to the upscale cafes on Newbury St. and hit all the best designer stores just across Boylston St. at Prudential Mall and Copley Place. Hotel is boutique style, small enough to be treated as family - - very friendly staff is all local and knows all there is to know about Boston. Hotel's lounge buzzes with good cheer and perfectly made cocktails. People are chatty and everybody feels at home. My window view looked out at the stately Boston Public Library. Not to be missed are tours of the art and sculpture inside the library and its two restaurants...one informal and the other, Sebastian's is very elegant. Formal high tea is served at 4 p.m. at Sebastian's which looks out into the library's outdoor enclosed courtyard with fountains and sculpture. Very posh! Hotel rooms are quiet, immaculate and comfortable. First floor lounge extends into large livingroom for socializing in fancy atmosphere of white leather couches and modern decor. Perfect for carrying on a conversation as low level music plays above. Great place to relax after work and sightseeing. We had a wonderful visit.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dooper
<Content>Great location, good value... We have just returned from our first ever trip to the USA. we had a three week itinerary part of which included two night stopoever in Boston. After reading reviews, we choose the Charlesmark. The hotel is well located and its an easy walk to all those places you want to see. We had travelled by train from NYC and the hotel is only a short walk from the Amtrak station.The hotel is of the informal boutique variety and also has a public ground floor bar area. Reception was friendly and welcoming and we were assigned our standard room which was on a rear corner of the building on the fourth floor. Being on the corner meant we had two windows which gave a feeling of extra space to the rather small room size which others have commented on but is perhaps what is to be expected in a busy City. Having said that, they have made the best use of the space and the room and bathroom are clean, comfortable and well equipped and should suit most people for a stay of upto two or three nights.A continental breakfast is provided but some may decide that it isnt worth bothering with. Cooked breakfast can be had at keen prices at local eateries and the hotel recognises this in its room literature. The lounge area has two internet terminals for those essential emails home to friends and family.All in all a good value comfortable hotel in a great ,convenient location.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>scrumbleton
<Content>Mind the Cockroach! Booked this hotel on the strength of other reviews here but were very dissapointed. We had a superior room which was small, dark and unclean with a huge cockroach in the bathroom. I dread to think what a standard room was like.I have never been so pleased to checkout of a hotel!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	5	

<Author>wrejennywren
<Content>Loved it - Will return without doubt We stayed in the Charlesmark in September and had a great stay. The rooms are a little small but are so perfectly decorated and had such nice touches that the size didn't matter. When we arrived they had jazz playing in our room and the lights on - having been traveling for two weeks and staying in different hotels I really felt like I was home and totally chilled out. The location can not be beaten you are walking distance to everywhere and only one street over from Newbury (shopping central). The T station is literally accross the street and Boston Common is a 2 minute walk.The staff were really fantastic and so friendly but not in a fake cheesey way. They helped us out with everything and seemed genuinely interested that we were having a good time. The bar was cool and we sat and chated with the friendly bar tender for ages. The breakfast was fine nothing fancy but certainly enough for me and the free internet was very usefull. My only issue with the hotel was that our room was a little noisy at night. We were on the ground floor which was quite close to the bar and on the Saturday night was quite busy. As I didn't visit Boston to sit in my room it didn't really bother me too much.Will absolutley stay here again on my next visit.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JNewland
<Content>Great location We booked the Charlesmark on the strength of the reviews on this website. The first night we were booked into a standard room which was very, very small but the location and the standards set at this hotel more than compensate for the room size. The second night we were put into a Queen room which was much larger and was at the front of the hotel but there was no problem with traffic noise. We would recommend this hotel to anyone but would say it is worth paying the extra for a Queen room.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>travelerinva
<Content>Great boutique hotel in the heart of Copley Square My husband and I recently stayed at the Charlesmark hotel. We had read the reviews (and compared prices) of all of the hotels in the Copley Square area and picked this one accordingly. We were not disappointed! The Charlesmark is a boutique hotel perfect for couples and single people looking for a great location and a very clean comfortable room; the rooms and bathrooms are very small so I would not recommend more than 2 people in a room. The decor is modern and trendy--flat screen tv, great stereo system (played music even in the bathroom!), free bottled water in the room. The bed was comfortable and the room was quiet even though we were put in the room right above the bar on the lobby level. The free continental breakfast consisted of fruit, coffee, juice, bagels, muffins and doughnuts from Dunkin' Doughnuts (I think there was also some instant oatmeal as well)--which was very nice and carefully attended to by the staff each morning.I would highly recommend this hotel for location, price, cleanliness and fun trendy atmosphere.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Trucky
<Content>Great hotelin a great loaction We found the Charlesmark to be a great hotel. The rooms and the bar area are well decorated and feel very cool and funky. Our room was very small but a oversized mirror meant that we did not feel crowded. The bathroom was also very well designed with a slate shower cubicle and floor.The free breakfast consisted of bagels, muffins, juice and coffee. All really tasty.There is free internet access which meant that we could check into our return flight on-line and keep in touch with family and friends whilst away. The loacation was brilliant. You are within walking distance of most things and the T stop is just outside so you can get anywhere else for $1! The prudential building is just along the road and we went for cocktails on the top floor. Probably very 'touristy' but the views of the city at night were spectacular!I stayed here with my best friend since primary school. Needless to say we know each other very well and can stand being in a small room together. This is the best hotel I have stayed in on a city break but if you are not very good friends or a couple this hotel might not be for you.Personally I loved nearly as much as I loved the city itself.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Purpleray14
<Content>Fantastic hotel! We turned up tired not knowing what to expect as we had got a good deal on the hotel. We need not have worried. It was a fantastic hotel. Perfectly situated on Boylston St directly opposite the Boston Public Library and just 100 yards from the 'T'. Rooms are quite small but nicely decorated in a modern boutique style. The bathroom was great; grey slate shower. Complimentary breakfast was bagels, muffins, juice and cofffee - just enough to keep you going til lunch. Free internet too! Friendly and helpful staff. Nice bar area and busy outside restaurant. It was a very popular place to be. Noise not an issue though. Overall a great place to stay. We'll definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>noke24
<Content>Great experience Over my recent weekend trip to Boston, my girlfriend and I chose to stay at the Charlemark Hotel, which is a boutique hotel located in a great spot on Boylston st. From the modern ammenities to the extremely helpful staff, we found our stay to be more enjoyable than at many of large hotel chains that we are used to. They made you feel as though the services they offered were entirely focused on you. The newly renovated lounge and lobby area gives off an incredibly upscale vibe and is a great place to people watch. Rumor has it Tom Brady, quarterback of the Patriots, has been seen at the martini bar there. The rooms are modest size but are equiped very nicely. We stayed in the basement which we found to be a pleasant surprise. It is extremely quiet and you're guaranteed a great night of sleep. The room was great, from the surround sound stereo to the large flat screen tv and modern bath. When staying there ask for Kyle, the operations manager, and he'll ensure a great stay and recommend all the best hotspots in Boston. I would definately stay at the Charlesmark in the future  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FlyMeToTheMoon
<Content>Clean, Stylish and Well-Located Gem The Charlemark is an excellent choice for anyone looking to stay in a fantastic, centrally-located spot in Boston without breaking the bank. I just returned from a 2-night visit there -- my first and only time staying here. I would return in a heartbeat, and will be thoroughly disappointed if it is not available for my next visit.The room itself was on the small side, but they made the most out of the space with an oversized mirror and shelves. There was a large flat screen tv with DirecTV, a stereo and a DVD player. The room was clean and my window happened to look out onto Boylston so I had a fantastic view of the public library and the entire Copley Square area.The staff was extremely polite and helpful. They made us feel welcome and helped answer all our questions, going out of their way to do so. The location can't be beat. The hotel sits directly across from the public library and the Copley T station. It's in the heart of back bay, with Newbury, Boston Common, Fanuiel Hall, Downtown Crossing, Chinatown all within walking distance. With the green line T stop right out your door, you can get to any other part of the city (Boston College, Harvard, the airport) with ease.I would recommend this hotel to anyone who likes boutique hotels -- this is not a roomy, luxurious chain-hotel room. It's modern, minimalist, and stylish, with small rooms and a funky feel to it. There is a lobby bar which spills out onto the street....you can dine and drink outside on Boylston. There is also inside lounge with a projector tv and two computers for hotel guests (with a printer as well). The continental breakfast consists of Dunkin Donut bagels and muffins, juice and coffee.I really enjoyed my stay here, as a 30-year old married woman visting with girlfriends. If you're looking for a quiet roomy place away from the hub-bub of the city, it may not be the place for you. At night, I had no trouble sleeping as the bar downstairs and outside traffic did not seep into the room at all, even with a window facing the street.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ont
<Content>Great Spot!! Location - AAA1!!!!We were greeted very nicely, with some advice as to how to get started in the city. Our bags were looked after, even though we checked in early,  were found in our room, after an initial lunch  neighbourhood tour.Being a walking city, we took advantage  strolled from here to most points of interest in the city - Heritage Trail, Italian District, Financial District, China Town, Harbourfront walk, etc. -  to the west, Fenway Park. Then, of course, the incredible Duck Tour (ha, ha) was just around the corner.What a fantastic, fantastic city!!!What little time was spent in the room was great - very comfortable bed, which was so welcome after the miles put on the feet - TV  sound system very good, but really just used for news/weather updates (Goodness, was it hot). Good continental breakfast,  access to internet/email appreciated, as it allowed us to stay in touch.Sorry to say, did not take advantage of the on-site bar - cold Corona's at rest stops, throughout the couple of days, had looked after that necessity.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>luv4trvl
<Content>Conveinient Boston Boutique The hotel is very conveniently located in the downtown area. It was clean, attractive, and very modernly decorated. Our room was very small and dimly lit. A continental breakfast was included and adequate. Even though there was a noisy bar on the main floor, our room was quiet on the 5th floor.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>calimerox
<Content>what a find We just spent 4 days at the Charlesmark and what a wonderfull experience it was. It is in a perfect location to do all the touristy things, the room was a good size and spotless (room 502). On the 5th floor there is very little traffic noise, so a good nights sleep was had by all. Ingrid at the desk and Adam in the bar also deserve a special mention for their hospitality and helpfulness when required. Boston is a fabulous city to visit and we had a ball.If you want an excellent place to stay in an excellent city then this hotel has it all  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alexhhannah
<Content>Incredible Value and Great Hotel Weighing everything - value, service, location, amenities - this is truly one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. This small hotel wraps everything together incredibly well. Please note, this is not a luxory hotel and is not a kids chain hotel. This is a hip, personal, fun hotel with great rooms, great location in the middle of Boston and excellent friendly service.From check-in and booking with Ingrid at the front desk (who actually remembered us calling and asking her about location, etc.) to the room with speakers in the ceiling, free water and a well used and helpful Top 10 Boston Guidebook in our room that was ours for the stay, the little touches and important things (clean comfortable bed, excellent shower) were thought of and included in the stay. The hotel itself has a Euro Chic feel (without being at all overbearing) and each night as we walked home the bar was open with a small crowd of people lingering in the lobby or in the bar outside. The location is a stones throw away from busy and crowded Newbury street but a little out of the way to make sure that quiet and solitude exists once you are in your room.Please note, this is not a hotel with gorgeous views, or three elevators - this is a small, charming hotel that makes it easy and fun to explore Boston and its neighborhoods either by foot or subway (across the street) that is truly a pleasure to stay at. I could not recommend it any more highly.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The only place to stay I absolutely love it here! This is the only place to stay in Boston. It's like my home away from home... comforable, independant feel, friendly staff (personable, not reading from scripts) and FREE breakfast!!!!!! Why stay anywhere else???  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to Stay The Charlesmark, as others have said, is a very nice place to stay in an absolutely great location. I just returned this morning, and have nothing but good things to say. I wanted to post something on tripadvisor.com because I learned about the hotel on this website and very much appreciate having access to such a wealth of information before traveling. My room was very small, but the bed was comfortable, the pillows (four) were just right, every morning I was given two more water bottles (chilled), the air conditioning worked, the showers had good water pressure, the towels were soft, the breakfast (continental) was fresh and abundant, the internet was always available, my questions were answered with accurate and helpful information. I paid $169/night for a single. There is a pretty good Thai restaurant right next door. Oh, and the bar downstairs (that spills out onto the sidewalk when it's warm) is a happening place at night.Only drawback, and this isn't the hotel owners fault, is that my room backed up to an area that was very loud at about 2 in the morning with the extended noise of garbage being dumpted and with what sounded like 1 million beer/wine/booze bottles being poured into a dumpster. You may want to pack earplugs  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome staff, Exceptional overall From the moment we stepped into the door, the staff was very warm and helpful. Not only did the gentleman at the front desk help with our bags, but before we could retrieve more from the car he had already put them in the room for us! I've stayed at many 5-star and luxury hotels for business as well as pleasure over the years, but nothing comes close to the quality of service for what this boutique Hotel offers. Most of the staff are young, full of life and extremely familiar with local shops, sights and places to eat. The poor fellow that worked some nights couldn't have been more than 23, but couldn't have been more helpfull. When we asked for extra towels he was at the door almost as we put down the phone. What the rooms lack in terms of space the staff make up in friendliness. This is not a place where you come with the kids for a week, more like a personal and intimate getaway for a couple on a weekend or vacation. Call and ask questions, anyone that books a hotel should always be well informed as to what they are reserving. Nobody likes surprises. Here, you will find only pleasant ones. Thanks Charlesmark!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MyHobbyIsTravel
<Content>A gem in the heart of the city The hotel is a real gem. Boston's Back Bay is just out the front doorstep. It is located across the street from the Boston Public library and a few steps from Copley Square and the subway stop. The room I stayed in was compact but had everything I needed. Classical music, from the stereo system in the room, greeted me as I entered... which I thought was a nice touch. It was clean, stylish and quiet. The hotel provides tea and coffee in the evenings, and a light breakfast in the mornings. Computers are available for internet access, and wi-fi is available for those who have their own wi-fi compatible laptops. The hotel staff were very accommodating, pleasant, and informative. And the price can't be beat.... in such an expensive location, it is a great hotel for the cost. Anytime I'm in Boston in the future, The Charlesmark is where I'm going to stay.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Attitude Love the space, but the receptionist is rude and abrupt. Shame it could be great venue except for the attitude.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Convenience is Right on the 'Mark' We agree with most of the previous posts. Our upgraded room on the second floor (201) was roomy enough but small by American standards. Size aside, the room and hotel has much going for it. Great view of the street from the windowsill (the marathon finish line is right outside). Direct TV provides lots of free channels and PPV movies. On top of that, the hotel offers a wide selection of free videos. Two PCs in the lounge provide FREE internet access 24/7. The staff was consistently friendly and helpful with all of our needs. Try the sour apple martini in the trendy little bar downstairs. For breakfast, unless you just want fruit, OJ and coffee, take a short walk up Boylston to Finagle a Bagel across from Copley Square. One of the best features for us was that the T stops were literally seconds from the Charlesmark's door. A walk of a few blocks in any direction will get you to the Prudential Center, Newberry Street, or the Public Gardens and Boston Common. Overall the Charlesmark is the epitome of convenience.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stylish without breaking the bank Thought the Charlesmark was a very stylish hotel, and very reasonably priced for the area. We paid $199 per night for one of the larger rooms, which was adequately sized, and I found the decor and the furnishings to be very modern, and clean with no obvious wear and tear. I particularly liked the bathroom - it had a walk in shower, no bath, but everything was very stylish, with nice toiletries etc. The bar (which I believe has been recently renovated) was fabulous - all padded leather walls and plush seating. Really enjoyed the breakfasts - they were fairly basic, coffee, juice, bagels, pastries, fruit etc., - but they were excellent quality, and with newspapers and two internet points available to browse through, it made for a very pleasant start to the day. On our last day we decided to venture out to breakfast with a friend and on the recommendation of the hotel found a great value and wonderfully tasty breakfast in a bar a few blocks down Boylston Street. If you want style, good value, and a personal touch you don't get with the large chains, I would go for the Charlesmark every time.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Very good option The Charlesmark suited my purposes excellently. Well positioned for Back Bay, Newbury Street, easy access to the T etc. Yes, the rooms are compact but for a couple of nights in the City before moving on to Cape Cod it proved to be a very good option. The front desk staff were very helpful and knowledgeable, the bar staff were friendly and mixed a good cocktail or two, and the room was clean and well equipped. Would definitely stay there again as it represents excellent value with a great location.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Chic on the Cheap We stayed at the Charlesmark for three nights and it suited our purposes well. However, we are low maintenance travellers ie. Our needs are a good location (which it certainly is), clean, decent sized rooms, and generally somewhere quiet and safe to rest our heads. And the Charlesmark ticked those boxes. We were on the sixth floor in a Large category room, and it was quiet and clean with good air con and a big window and a v. small but extremely clean bathroom (Sorry, that should be shower room - as it did not have a bath). If you are a traveller who requires a bit more fussing over, and needs things like robes, ironing boards, room service and staff who'll run around after you, then the Charlesmark may not satisfy you. We found service friendly and fun, if not overly attentive. (We asked for some shirts to be pressed and eventually had to walk around the block to sort it out ourselves, when a requested ironing board never arrived). The breakfast, which is included in the price, was adequate if you just need a quick bite to start the day, and is served buffet style, so you certainly don't need to go hungry as there's plenty of it.Overall, good for those who spend most of their time out and about and just use their hotel as a sleeping/refuelling spot.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Character and Courtesy Our 5yr B-school reunion was hosted by the Sheraton and we thankfully decided to stay at the Charlesmark, a short walk away in a great central location. The Charlesmark has small quiet clean rooms with a London flat type feel. If you don't like feeling like one of the masses, you would be well suited at the Charlesmark. It comes with complimentary bottles of water! Even better than the unique style throughout was the genuine courtesy of the staff. Very helpful with transport advice and flagging taxis during a rainy/busy weekend.Daniel and Lannhi - Dallas, TX  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sflil2006
<Content>college digs in the middle of everything       view from the door of bed  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>NapaNomad
<Content>Good hotel, good location We spent 3 nights at the Charlesmark the first week of May. I chose it from TripAdvisor reviews and was satisfied overall with the hotel. The hotel renovation and rooms are very clean, modern and comfortable; although quite small. The bathroom was standing room only for one to shower, brush teeth, etc.; but nicely done in stone tiles. We had a premium room with a queen bed and single sofa sleeper (little futon sofa). To me it is no frills accomodations; minimal space, minimal storage, tiny fridge that holds just 2 bottles of water (complimentary, daily). I would classify it as more of a business destination. The staff was aloof, but available. The lounge was full each evening; with patio seating on the street. There is plenty of great things to see and do right out the door and the subway is right on the same block. The hotel's continental breakfast is substantial enough. But trying to find a full breakfast, eggs, etc; within walking distance is a challenge. One morning we opted for the Westin Hotel's breakfast, about 2 blocks away. It was lovely and the tab was $50 (!)...on the last morning we disovered a great hide-away for breakfast at the Boston Public Library, downstairs off the courtyard. A small cafe with egg sandwiches, bagels, etc. Beats the Burger King.Bottomline, the cost of our room ($189 daily rate) was reasonable for the area, surrounding neighborhood is great and our top floor (6th) room was quiet. No real complaints.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kate227patt
<Content>excellent value and service Stayed at the Charlesmark for 2 nights and was very pleased with the hotel. All the staff were extremely helpful, giving lots of advice on how best to see the city, and they gave out a great info sheet on restaurants.Room was great, not huge but we knew that and it had everything we could need. All very stylish! Complimentary water a nice touch.In some reviews people complained about luggage storage - we had no problems at all, like I said before the staff could not have been more helpful.Excellent location and great value for money.  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>IrishRamblerIreland
<Content>Small but perfectly formed! My boyfriend and I stayed in the Charlesmark at the end of March for three nights. I think the hotel was really lovely. Very clean, modern and really good value for money. Our room was small but that was made very clear on all the reviews we had read so we were prepared. When we arrived, the room was bigger than I expected. The bed is smaller than a normal double in the standard double room. I'm petite and found the bed short. Pay the extra and get a superior room for the bigger bed. We found the Charlesmark really central and the hotel is very close to lots of bars and restaurants. Apart from the size of the bed the hotel really is some thing special. Breakfast was plentiful with a lot of variety.On our final day we left our bags with reception when checking out, So we could do some more sight seeing in this amazing city on our return our bags were just inside the public bar area, there was no bar tender there and our bags could not be seen from reception. We were not happy, we thought they were going to be stored some where safer than very close to the front door. Being completely fair, the reception is very close to front door also and the bar is practically in the reception, they are so close, and I doubt much go's on with out reception knowing. I guess the Bostonians are far more trusting than the Irish. Just to add when I was booking via the internet I found Justin very patient and helpful.Note for management! I am impressed that you take time to answer any emails, which seems to reflect negatively on the hotel. I feel the manner you use can be a little personal and harsh. I feel that if I were to stay again in the hotel, which I hope to do so again given the opportunity, I might be a little slow to alert you to any issue I may have, fearing the response.I feel there is a fine line between dealing with an issue professionally, with out taking it on personally. The hotel鈥檚 quality speaks for itself, trust that and stay professional!  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>D678
<Content>Excellent Location, Charming The location of this hotel is great. It is seconds from the Copley T and minutes from Newbury St. and the Prudential Center. I'll definitely stay here again. Our room was rather small, but it was incredibly incredibly charming and comfortable. I loved the all tile bathroom with the large shower and stereo sound coming into the bathroom. There were very nice touches throughout the room. The bed was very cozy and the lighting was very soft and soothing. The staff was helpful and friendly. The bar is hopping at night and you can just go downstairs for some nightlife. I highly recommend that the hotel offers its guests some vouchers for the pub or a happy hour. That would be a lot of fun and a very nice touch for the guests. I also think that they could really beef up their breakfast options. The breakfast was very simple: bagels, coffee, muffins, donuts, and apples...no toaster. However, you can walk down the street for countless breakfast options, so it doesn't matter.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Business Travel Beware (or anyone else seeking comfort or amenities) I was offered this hotel by my corporate travel department -- excited to try a new boutique hotel instead of the standard Marriott, Westin chains, I booked this hotel for a Monday night in Boston. The location is in the heart of Back Bay, but it is definitely not for the business traveler. Beware - there is no parking or valet. You can double park on Boylston Street (arguably one of the busier streets in Boston) and then drive three blocks to the Prudential Parking Lot ($38 for 12 hours). It happened to be raining this day, so I found this particularly uncomfortable. Beware- there is no luggage check or bellperson. The manager offerd to watch my bags while I parked the car. When I returned, I found my bags and briefcase in the middle of the lobby (next to the public bar) and a sign on the front desk that read Manager will return in a moment. I was not pleased that my bags were left unattended in the public lobby, but they were safe and sound, so I just waited for the Manager to reappear. Beware -- the rooms are small. I had a reservation for a king non-smoking room that was reserved with my credit card, including a two day cancellation policy. When I entered my room, I found a tiny full size bed. I returned to the front desk, but was told there were no king size beds available. The manager showed me a list -- apparently I was on the list for King size rooms, but I checked in too late (9pm) and they were all gone. I showed him my confirmed reservation from my corporate travel service (I work for a Fortune 50 company that makes travel arrangements for 30K employees all over the world), but he gazed at me perplexed. I asked him if he could offer me anything else and he said no. I was tired so I returned to my room. I unpacked my suit into a closet the size of a kitchen cabinet (no joke) and put my other clothes in a drawer under the bed.Beware -- there is no place to work. I needed to to check my email and get some work done. I looked around for the desk. I found a writing counter that slid out from under the TV, but didn't know where to sit. I found a folding chair in the kitchen cabinet/closet. The hotel only has wireless internet (the kind you find at the Days Inn type establishments), which wouldn't work with my computer. Frustrated again, I decided to go down to the Lounge and have a drink. Beware -- the lounge/bar closes at 10am. I went down to the lounge at 10:03pm. The bartender abruptly informed me that the lounge was closed. He spun around and continued conversing with his co-worker. Foiled again, I went back to my roomBeware -- the bed is not comforable. I retired to my room and decided to get in bed and watch tv. The bed was hard and the pillows caved into a small ball -- barely providing any support. When even the most basic hotels are upgrading to pillow top mattresses and medium or firm pillows, I was surprised by the lack of comfort. I think this hotel is better suited for Eurpoean leisure travelers on a budget looking for an Ikea-style experience in a good location. Business travelers beware.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Chic  My business colleague and I stayed at the Charlesmark for 2 nights, and both of us loved it! The decor is lovely (Eurochic and very functional -- I love the gray/stainless/red splash look downstairs, and the IKEA look of the rooms), and the location can't be beat! The staff was young and very in-the-know about what was going on in the area, and very efficient. The rooms were small, but no smaller than boutique hotels I've stayed at in London/Notting Hill and Brussells, and both my room and my colleague's (two different single layouts) were very functional; we had no problem working together on a project in the evenings with two laptops and a pile of manuals/spec sheets.The WiFi and in-room entertainment systems were great extras (satellite jazz in the shower is decadent). The rooms offer tiny fridges with bottled water, and the bar downstairs makes a great martini. Didn't stop for continental breakfast, but the spread looked quite nice.I also admit to wandering the halls one night to look at all the artwork... floor 5 has some especially nice around Boston works.I've already passed on business cards for the Charlesmark to 4 friends who travel frequently...  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not stay here The hotel did not have the rooms we reserved when we arrived (too few beds for our family) and was extremely unhelpful regarding the situation. They had no cots whatsoever to enable us to make do with what they had available. We had to find another hotel and after doing so were shocked to find that the Charlesmark charged our credit card for a night stay pursuant to their cancellation policy. If you are a single traveler and don't mind a room the size of a closet with amenities that don't work, it is the place for you.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful stay I stayed at the Charlesmark in March, while in Boston for a conference. It was within easy walking distance of everything, the staff was great, and the room clean, comfortable and cozy. It was a great refuge at the end of a busy day to kick back and listen to a cd, and chill out. It was a great value for the money. As a woman traveling alone, I felt quite safe in the hotel, and in the neighborhood around it, even out in the evening.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Michaelgt
<Content>Excellent location, boutique hotel       Location: accross from Public Library  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Book Goddess
<Content>Small, personal and fabulous! This small boutique hotel has great staff and is in perfect location. And I mean GREAT STAFF! Always helpful, quick to respond, personable.The rooms are small but very well appointed with stylish touches such as a huge mirror to create a larger feel to the room. Another touch is the great stereo system in each room. The bathrooms have been upgraded and have glass tile and stone throughout. Very nice shower.Points made in some reviews about plumbing and small rooms with small beds are correct. But the management's response that the small rooms are VERY economical for Boston is well taken, and given that I am a small person, none of this detracted from my stay. My friend had one of the larger rooms and sure enough the bed was larger too.Note that there is no refrigerator in the rooms - but instead a tiny refrigerator/heater that holds a couple of bottles of water. Also, the carpeting in the halls is badly stained. Don't let this keep you from your room, which has fresh paint and is well maintained.I LOVED my stay! The room was quiet, clean and I slept like a log. The buffet breakfast was fine, and the bar at night is great fun. They have a wonderful bartender named Jessica - she rocks.Two big thumbs up, and I would stay again.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Borntorover
<Content>Stylist hotel in great location This is a terrific small hotel in a brilliant location. The Charlesmark is a welcome relief from one of the twentieth century's worst gifts, the chain hotel. It is so swish - even the coridors with their modern art are interesting! The rooms are small but beautifully appointed. The location, about three blocks west of Boston Common is terrific in this walking city. Five minutes walk in any direction yields great shopping, good food, a wonderful library and loads of things to do.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Globetrotter25
<Content>Great Place Location, Location, Location! Super friendly staff, thanks guys, very clean and charming.Breakfast is included, so is complimentary water in your room and the price for what you are getting at the Charlesmark is amazing.The rooms are small but very charming and most importantly very clean. Again, a great staff that tries very hard to make it a great stay.Next time that I am in Boston I will stay there again!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Charlesmarkl....what a fab hotel The Charesmark is a must if you are staying in the Back Bay area of Boston. As my wife and I were travelling with our 1yr old daughter, we had trouble finding a hotel in Boston which could accommodate a travel cot. The Charlesmark were only too pleased to confirm this with no extra charge. When we arrived, the lady at the desk was extremely helpful and gave us a complementary upgrade without us even asking in order for the cot to fit into the room. We were delighted with the helpfulness of the staff. The hotel is very cool and the room has excellent facilities, i.e. comfy bed, clean bathroom, CD/Hi-Fi and free access to Direct satellite TV. You can even listen to the radio in the shower! This hotel is well worth it and was a very nice end to our holiday.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a find! I think the other reviews say it all. We finished off our holiday with a night at the Charlesmark and what a lovely way to end! The service was excetional and the room had everything you could have needed. Breakfast was casual but lovely and what great cocktails in the bar!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best in Boston Cheers to the staff at the Charlesmark Hotel. People that know the area and also love the area. They told us where we should go to in this amazing city and what we should not miss. I quote the front desk staff agent Ingrid You can not get bad seafood in this city She was right. She always had a REAL smile on her face even after pulling a double shift two days in a row. ( I only know this because I saw her morning and night when I was down at the desk) She is from Boston (A true Red Sox fan) and will give you the best places to see while your there. I even got a chance to meet the owner Mark in his new bar that even with the music blasting (not bad) it does not come up in the rooms to make you call and yell at all you would never know it's even playing up until 1:am... I told him about his amazing staff and also that he had to give Ingrid a raise, he told me she just joined the staff less then a month (WHAT).. Hats off to the best staff at a hotel. I have been all over the world and stayed in hotels that go for $500. a night, they have NOTHING on the jem of Boston.. Good luck to you all there in what I know will be years of good luck...  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Time!!! What a great place to stay! A few words that come to mind are:- Modern (great in room amenities/not out dated like a lot of local)- Affordable (stay in a great place witha great location for 1/2 the price)- Clean (let's just say I'm not worried about the sheets!)- Comfortable (great bed, great night's sleep)- Friendly (the staff is so much fun and the Lounge is an absolute blast)- Location (right in the heart of boston)I've stayed here a number of times for overnight trips to Boston and have never been dissapointed - It's always the first place I check for availablity and am sure to recommend it to all my friend when they come into Boston!- Dan  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Charlesmark Date:Feb24th-28th Reviewer: Visitors from KildareMy wife and I stayed in this fantastic hotel. We were extremely impressed with the hotels location, cosy room, in- house cd and overall ambience, boston is a beautiful city and the locals are very helpful and friendly  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>StanCoyle
<Content>Best Hotel Yet. Myself and my wife stayed in the Charlesmark for three days in February. Put simply - it has to be the best hotel experience we have ever had. The location is superb as are the rooms (compact, comfortable and cosy). The hotel is very clean and the staff are helpful and friendly - nothing was too much bother.I would have no hesitation in reccommending this fantastic value for money hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!! The charlesmark hotel was a very awesome choice!! we had six girls for a bachelorette party -- so we were pretty loud and crazy!! our rooms were secluded from the rest of the hotel (so we didn't bother anyone) and the best part was the service. Everyone that works there was soooo nice and helpful and very funny!! We all agreed that the style of the hotel was very beautiful and modern. I would definetly stay there again and again!!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>twinklescud
<Content>Excellent Everything My boyfriend and I recently had the pleasure of visiting Boston and staying at the Charlesmark. The hotel is absolutely wonderful (and so fairly priced too)! Our room was very nicely furnished and very modern and the bathroom was very clean with a nice healthy supply of white fluffy towels. The satellite TV was an added bonus. The location is great - very close to the subway station (which can take you practically anywhere in the city and beyond); walking distance to the coolest shops and restaurants and other places like the pharmacy and if need be, the grocery store. My boyfriend and I love to walk so we found it quite convenient to be able to shop downtown and then walk back to the hotel (mind you, it's a bit of a walk but nothing too damaging).The staff was very friendly and helpful. Calvin, in particular, was so fantastic and nice to us that I almost wanted to take him home with me in my luggage. He was so helpful, funny and charming that he made staying at the Charlesmark even better. Thank you, Calvin.With all the great things about this hotel (price, rooms, location, staff) I will definitely stay here again should I have the chance to come back to Boston.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>perrycrimmins
<Content>The place to stay.............       Delux Room - Bed  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great rates, great service, great bar I spent last weekend at the Charlesmark Hotel and I am thoroughly impressed. With such low rates (under $150) I was a bit suspicious. But my stay was great from the moment I checked in. Calvin at the reception desk went above and beyond, presenting me with a beautiful (and free) map of Boston and informing me where my office was located (I stayed for business). He provided me excellent walking directions, even letting me know where the best restaurants and coffee shops were in that area. That's service.The decor of the hotel and bar is modern, very nice. Everything in the hotel seems brand new. I spent a lot of time at the bar trying their many martini variations. The bartender was friendly, and she put the football game on for me. Best of all she was a bit heavy-handed, which is very necessary in the cold weather.I highly recommend this place to anyone and everyone.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb Service I was greeted warmly by the Hotel Owner and Staff. Inside the room, they have an excellent stereo system and DVDs to choose from. The room was small, but very hip with a great view of the city. I would stay there again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful place to stay! I just spent four nights at the Charlesmark Hotel and could not have been happier with our stay. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The rooms were very stylish. My wife and I were very pleased with the entertainment system and the wonderful classical music that was playing when we entered our room. The bar/lounge that has recently opened has an relaxed and comfortable atmosphere and a great martini menu. We are planning on coming back to Boston next year and will definately be staying at the Charlesmark.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SunnyNJ
<Content>Excellent Value for Pricey Boston Stayed for two days with my husband and 9 year old daughter. I came to this hotel because of all the great reviews I read on this website and I was not disappointed. I did have a room in the basement but the noise was minimal and other than that the room was very nice and clean. The best thing I can say about this hotel is the staff were great. We had never been to Boston before and they were a great help getting us to where we wanted to go and offering recommendations. I don't think the larger hotels in the area could offer this kind of attention to their guests needs. I did a lot of research before choosing this hotel and I am glad I did--the other hotels in the area were way too expensive. I would definitely go back. Thanks for a great stay!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lisabellab
<Content>Very pleasantly surprised I just returned home from three nights spent at the Charlesmark with my sister and mother. I chose this hotel because of its location, its rates, and the recommendations on this and other Web sites. I was NOT disappointed. We found the staff exceptionally helpful, the rooms very well appointed, and the location highly desirable. If I could improve on anything, it would be the size of our room. (The three of us stayed in a room with one queen bed and a small couch that converted into a bed.)Calvin, Kyle, and Dolores -- the staff members on hand during our stay -- spared nothing to satisfy us. They were friendly, helpful, kind, and accommodating. Our room was tastefully decorated with the latest modern fashions in bedding and accessories. This included a full stereo with CD player, a large television, a cordless phone, cool clock radio, and a miniature (tiny) refrigerator stocked with COMPLIMENTARY bottled water. I almost forgot to mention that they also included a DK Boston guidebook. Even the towels at this place were nice; thick, clean-smelling, new. We all liked the tiled bathroom and the HOT water in the shower.The three of us particularly enjoyed our breakfasts here. We helped ourselves to instant oatmeal, fresh fruit, Dunkin' Donuts goodies, bagels, orange juice, coffee, and hot chocolate. We dined with other hotel guests in the area used nightly as a lounge. It doubled comfortably as breakfast seating while CNN aired on the large-screen television.One of my favorite features of this hotel was the complimentary high-speed Internet access. We were able to check our email, print boarding passes, and take care of any other personal business using the two computers available to guests. Though none of us had laptops with us, we saw others taking advantage of their free wireless Internet access in the lounge.The bar in the lobby of the Charlesmark is something of a spectacle. As a young person, I can say it added to the appeal of the hotel, but I can easily see why my mother wasn't particularly fond of it. Though the bar was quite full at nighttime, we were not at all bothered by its patrons or the din of them enjoying their evenings.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who was travelling to Boston without children. Single people in the 20 - 40 year old range will most certainly enjoy a stay here. The staff truly tried hard to make sure our stay here was enjoyable. I wish I could say that for every hotel!!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jillhomeuk
<Content>Great hotel...with just a few quirks! We were very impressed with the stylish Charlesmark. We stayed here at the end of our honeymoon, and wanted to finish it in style. The Charlesmark certainly delivered on this score. Previous reviewers may not have got to see the cocktail bar. It is indeed gorgeous, as with everything else here, stylish. The 2 negatives about it though is that while staying here, walking through the entrance to the bar to reach the stairs to our room felt like we were gatecrashing someone elses party. The freely available coffee has also disapeared, but the basic breakfast remains.Our room was in the basement, and didn't smell musty at all, no, not one little bit, instead it smelt a bit like a dentist surgery. Still, once you get used to the rather dark conditions, the rooms are excellent, with some very nice touches. A decent fridge and entertainment system is always very welcome at the end of a long day sightseeing.Location is excellent, the hotel stands on the finish line to the Boston marathon, and is very near the underground railway stop. Despite the proximity of the new bar to our room, we were not disturbed by the noise at all, except for the sound of people coming down the stairs to use the public bathrooms.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Kazlet
<Content>Good location and good value I've just got back from staying for 5 nights at the Charlesmark. The two best points about the hotel are the location and the fact that it's very clean. The staff are very laid back and friendly; the facilities are good; the breakfast is fine (well it is free); the bed was very comfortable; they have free video loan for guests. I stayed on the third floor in a corner room at the back. I did get a lot of noise during the first night (garbage trucks and deliveries), but otherwise it was fine. Stay here for good value, convenience (4 'T'stops to the Museum of Fine Arts and 4 to Government Centre and the change to the blue line to the Airport), and a friendly welcome. There's a good Thai restaurant next door ('Bangkok Blue'), plus you are just around the block from Newbury Street. Also just opposite is Boston Public Library (try the fab lunch buffet at their restaurant). The only minus point is that to heat the room it appears you have to put the air-con on, which is fairly noisy.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent staff and service This is an ideally located hotel in Boston. The decor, breakfast, and amenities were outstanding. Most of all, I loved the helpful staff, especially Calvin. He helped get me a cab to the airport at 4 in the morning.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charlesmark is great We have just returned to England after spending 5 days at the Charlesmark. The only thing I can find to complain about is that the new swanky cocktail bar was opening the day after we left.The rooms were super ,sound system great and the showers fabulous. we were on the 3rd floor and experienced very little street noise.The staff were all friendly and helpful, plenty of on tap coffee. Bagels fruit and muffins at breakfast plus all the papers. We really had a great time there and would certainly recommend it to any of our friends travelling to Boston...go and have a martini in the new bar.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice touch This is the third time within the past year we have stayed here. We have a son in school here. The place is perfectly located, very charming and the staff is always available and very helpful. Music on when you enter your room after check-in is a very nice touch. We will keep coming back. Jim  
<Date>Oct 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PDH
<Content>Ideally situated       ideally situated  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding Wow! I'm so glad I listened to all the posative reviews on this site. We were not disappointed. Beautiful clean comfortable rooms, awesome location and extremely helpful and friendly staff. We dropped by to see the hotel a few days before we were to stay there and they treated us like we were already guests - helping us with maps and area tips. The room we stayed in was small, but I don't mind that and very quiet. I felt it was well worth the price, which actually seemed really reasonable for all that you get. When we walked in to the room really nice soft music was playing in the speakers located around the room, cable music. They offer a video library. I had originally wanted a more rustic BB style setting, but when I saw the room none of that mattered. Well executed modern theme. Breakfast is in their swanky lobby area with 2 computers with complimentary internet. We loved it.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kejibeard
<Content>Parents Weekend My husband and I have just returned from visiting our daughter at college in Boston for parents weekend. Many of the hotels in the areas surrounding the colleges and universities tend to hike their prices up a bit and many of the 'affordable' hotels are often booked early. In the past we have stayed at the Fairmont Copley, the Hyatt in Cambridge, Marriott and others. The price of the Charlesmark was about $100 less than any of those for this same weekend so we decided to give it a try. So here is my review - the good and the not so good. 1. Location is great. It was raining most of the weekend but it is only about 50 yards to the T stop. The hotel is also an easy walk to just about any type of store or restaurant you could need.2. Hotel Staff: We only met a couple members of the staff the entire time we were there and both were friendly. 3. Our room: Here is where the hotel looses points. From what I've gathered after re-reading all of the prior reviews, we were probably in one of the least desirable rooms of the hotel. Even though we payed extra ($249/ night before taxes) for a 'premium' room, our room was a dark, musty smelling room in the basement with no windows to the outside. The windows that were in the room looked out onto a hallway and have bars on them. Not only does this seem like a fire hazard to me (I asked and this would be a violation in Virginia) but the light from the hallway seeped in thru the shades and made for a miserable nights sleep. On the plus side, the room was very clean.4. Miscellaneous: The hotel makes a big deal about offering 'hundreds of TV channels including movie channels' and bottled water, however out of those hundreds of channels probably less than a dozen actually came in focus. The bottled water is a nice touch but for water drinkers like my husband and myself, 2 small bottles doesn't go very far. Neither was a big deal for us because we are not TV watchers and I didn't mind walking around the corner to the grocery store to buy my own water.Would I stay here again? Not at $249 a night for a basement room. My sister stayed at a bed and breakfast on Beacon Street for about $100 a night the same weekend. No it was not as close to a T stop and no it was not as new  clean feeling but it was a large 4th floor room with real working windows and a refrigerator in the room.If choosing the Charlesmark, ask to not be in a room in the basement and remember, part of what you are paying for is the location. A few blocks further from a T stop will probably save you a hundred dollars a night.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>saidean
<Content>Great location and shower!       Our room! Queen bed + Sofa  
<Date>Oct 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful! I stayed there for my fifth anniversary and it was perfect. The staff was friendly and accommodating. The rooms were very modern, spotless and I loved the decor. The beds were very comfortable and the location could not have been beat. I would definitely recommend this hotel. I will be back! The staff recommended a tremendous restaurant about a block away - L'espelier - phenomenal! Also, we came back to a nice bottle of champagne on ice in our room as a congratulatory gift. All in all, a perfect anniversary!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>salmondan
<Content>Gourmet Service on a TV Dinner Budget Just returned from a 5 night stay at the Charlesmark. Excellent location- doors down from the T, shopping and restaurants just around the corner, comfortable room (we had a queen size), and all the extras included with no additional cost (bottled water, fresh fruit, continental breakfast, computers with internet access,and even a bottle of champagne for our anniversary)- made for a wonderful vacation.But what really pulled the package together was the attention to detail that our concierge Calvin Cherry provided us- greeting us at 1PM in the morning with a smile, after hours dinner connections, chilled champagne and a lovely note of greeting, followed by fresh coffee when we awoke after hours- and that was just the first 24 hours!Only complaint was the musty smell of the stairs and basement hallway- avoid the basement if you can, but don't turn it down if it's your only option.Hope to have the opportunity to return again.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Charming!!! I stayed w/a girlfriend at the Charlesmark Hotel over Labor Day weekend and must say, it was terrific! The room was delightful, cozy, and the modern decor was lovely. Staff was friendly and very helpful. It was so nice to see the same smiling faces each day. I loved that the hotel doesn't penny-pinch their guests... we weren't charged for our phone calls, breakfast, internet or even printing. What a relief to checkout and not be hit with extra charges.Overall, I was very impressed and charmed by this small property with a warm feel to it and recommend it to other Boston travellers!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Perfect My wife and I booked a larger room ,which was attractively decorated, if rather dark .Despite the higher price of the room,I was surprised to find that it had no windows to the outside.As mentioned by another correspondent, the room smelt musty.Breakfast was described as  continental,but it was not clear to us ,with the cramped arrangements and limited variety ,which continent was being referred to.Overall, I was disappointed at the value for money,which might have been better with a better room.The location was good.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>luv2dohair
<Content>Very happy with hotel! We just returned from a week long stay in Boston and we stayed at the Charlesmark (my husband and I). We have absolutely no complaints about it. It it such a nice hotel, awesome decorations, cool bathrooms, the staff is very friendly and always willing to help or give suggestions, breakfast was good and the hotel is in a perfect location! We were able to walk everywhere! I must admit, my legs hurt like heck but we were still able to walk everywhere!!The construction at the hotel is all finished already ( I've read some complaints in past reviews, but there is no more going on.)We had the oppurtunity to stay in both the standard and queen rooms and I must admit, the standard rooms were pretty small, but the queen rooms are just fine! My husband and I really enjoyed Boston and especially staying at the Charlesmark Hotel.Things we did and enjoyed included:The Freedom TrailBoston Duck TourFenway Park Tour ( a must )Fanueill HallRed Sox Game  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JenSpen
<Content>Mixed feelings We stayed at the Charlesmark June 2005.Minuses: Do not stay in a room on the ground floor of this hotel. We had to walk through construction to get to and from it. It was a strange feeling because reception is on the 2nd floor so it did not feel like we were even staying in a hotel. There was no view from this room either, just the backs of the surrounding buildings through the alley. And the window was high in the room, making you feel like you were in a basement. We had to keep the AC on high (which was freezing) or else the room smelled musty. Pluses: Location location location! Very nice bathroom wired with speakers from the sound system. Internet access in the common area.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SommerinTexas
<Content>Would definitely go back! We just got back yesterday from Boston and the Charlesmark Hotel. We stayed there for a 3-night mini-vac and couldn't have been more pleased. The only negative of the place is that the rooms are small. However, they make up for that in every other way. Breakfast is included every morning (pastries, bagels, fruit, coffee, OJ). Your mini fridge is constantly stocked with complimentary bottled water, and if you run out, no problem, they'll immediately get you more. Free computers and internet service are located in the lobby. They also put guide books in every one of their rooms for visitors to use during their stay. It's the little things that count, right? Aside from all these plusses, the location of the hotel couldn't be better. There is a subway stop literally across the street from the hotel, tons of bars and restaurants and shops up and down the street. We highly recommend the Charlesmark, and the next time we go to Boston, we'll definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Could not have been happier We stayed at the Charlesmark Hotel this past summer and could not have been happier. Our room, although a bit on the small side, was very comfortable, and had everything you need to enjoy your stay. The stereo in the room was an excellent touch, which should be replicated in every hotel. They were going through renovations on the entrance level, which proved to be no hassle at all. The staff at the front desk was nothing short of exceptional. They wouldn't hesitate to strike up a conversation and offer opinions on what were good activities to do around the city. I will definately be returning to Boston in the near future, and the Charlesmark is where I will be staying.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jason_Rees
<Content>Give the charlesmark a try         
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JRO
<Content>Good spot, but a couple of asides - I stayed at the Charlesmark August 26 and 27, and have some mixed feelings. I was generally pleased as it is right in the middle of the Back Bay, literally at the marathon finish line (which may be as close as I ever get to that!) You can walk to most of the sites and activities fairly easily, but know that I walk a lot and this may be daunting for some. It is a 1/2 block from the transit system, though. It is, also, centrally located to tons of restaurants and shopping. The staff ranged from very friendly and accommodating to slighly dazed and spacey - they were all young and not quite professional (but trying). I was left with the impression that everyone trains at some sort of chic hostel. They are in the process of serious renovations or completion of this hotel, so be aware. This isn't necessarily annoying, just a fact. Breakfast is adequate as in muffins, coffee, juice, oatmeal packets, etc. The baked goods were from Dunkin Donuts daily. The rooms are Very small and the bathrooms compact, and I mean small as in you should either be married to or exceptionally good friends with a traveling companion. There was no tub in our bath, but the slate shower was fabulous - good pressure, too. The toilettries are seriously lacking, so pack in. The stereo system is a nice touch - I don't know if this is surround sound or just a small space. Beware that if you are facing Boylston St (as we were) it is quite noisy throughout the wee hours. I'm not convinced my stay was worth quite what I paid for it, but Boston is a pricey town and this is a good location. The rooms and property were very clean.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Right on the Mark! Stayed at the Charlesmark for 4 nights this summer. Had a nice room with a view of the library, not noisy at all. Yes, the room was small but you're really only there to sleep anyway. The room is clean and well furnished. The bed was comfortable and the a/c works great. Nice modern bathroom with a great shower. One suggestion would be to have more of a reading light for bedside reading. The breakfasts were nice ( a toaster for the bagels??) and the internet was a nice touch. The location of this hotel is very good and just a short walk to the metro or Newbury Street. The office staff were friendly and very helpful. We would stay here again anytime.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ahowarth
<Content>Great Hotel This is an excellent Hotel. Very good value for money, excellent position and very efficient and friendly staff. Rooms are smallish but have everything that is needed. Would highly recommend  
<Date>Aug 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great find Great location. Friendly and genuinely helpful staff (made a pot of coffee for our 4 am departure to airport). Rooms were compact but efficient. Parking is off site but rarely need car given proximity of T stop and walking distance to theatre, Fenway, museums, etc.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well deserves its high ranking among Boston hotels Quality space, Unbeatable location, Great staff. I stayed 4 nights with my son on a college visit tour, and will stay again when next in Boston. The rooms are small but inviting, and the small number of them (33?) gives the place a very human scale. Attention to detail is apparent everywhere.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent value for money, great location After having travelled for a week in the Cape area, we stayed for 2 nights at the CharlesMark. What a wonderful hotel! Staff is very friendly, and knowledgeable. Rooms are intimate, very clean. We even took pictures of the bathroom for our house renovations! We had been looking for an internet cafe since being downsouth, and it was great to finally have internet. Free local calls is a great idea. Good location to major shopping areas, and top quality restaurants within 200 metres of the front door, close to Boston Common. The only thing is that maybe sound proof class would be a good idea if there are concerts nearby.Oh, and piping coffee/water for the continental breakfast. We have already decided to stay at the CharlesMark again and to pass on the name of the hotel to other Boston travellers!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Treemonkneesha
<Content>great location The Charlesmark is right across from the amazing Boston Public Library (go for lunch and check out the art) on vibrant Copley Square. The staff is charming and very helpful, the rooms are lovely and modern, the price is great, and there is a T stop right across the street. I plan to stay here next time I'm in Boston. They also have fresh fruit and bagels, coffee and tea, a large pitcher of ice water (which we needed in that June heat wave) and a computer you can use right in the lobby that over looks the street. There was construction going on in the front of the building when we were there, but it was not an obstruction to us. The workers were friendly too.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location! This was our first trip to Boston. We also booked this hotel on the strength of the great reviews @tripadvisor.com. The location is VERY convenient to everything -- plus a train station stop is right across the street. The decor and attention to detail are excellent! We enjoyed the extras like guidebooks to borrow, free continental breakfast, in-room entertainment system, and internet access. The hotel is also in the process of building what looks to be like a great cocktail/bar area in the front. My only suggestion is avoid getting a room along the front of the hotel (those that overlook Boylston) if you are a light sleeper. The street noise is loud most of the night. Other than that, this is a great hotel. I look forward to staying there again.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent!!! Had a great stay at the Charlesmark Hotel... friendly staff, free breakfast, ideal location, modern rooms. I was impressed by the uniqueness of the small, hidden hotel in the such a posh, touristy neighborhood. Good deal, I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Small but perfect This was our first trip to Boston and had booked this hotel on the strength of the great reviews. It is in a great location, across from Copley Square and handy for the Charles river. The rooms are small but well equipped and look to have been recently refurbished. The friends with us had stayed elsewhere before but rated this hotel above other more expensive hotels. One bonus is that a basic but good breakfast is included, and tea, coffee  water are available all day in the lounge.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rabelaus
<Content>Full marks at the Charlesmark This hotel was superb. Really enjoyed the little touches (guidebook to borrow, breakfast, entertainment system, newspaper clippings in the lobby). The entrance hall was being developed, but looked like it would be up to the standard of the rest of the hotel when it was finished. The staff were friendly and helpful (except the receptionist on at 5:30am who did bring the tone of the hotel down a bit - just don't check out then).The only small problem was trying to find the hotel in the beginning - we walked past it twice!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tomscobra
<Content>great location Rooms are very small but a greal value. Located across the street from the Library and a subway stop. One block from Newbury street and 2 blocks to Legal Seafood and Copley shopping mall. We were there 2 nights and it was quiet, clean and nicely equipped. Even a free guidebook to use and return in the room.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Boston's charming hotel at great price I avoid huge, impersonal hotels with huge, unconscionable room rates. The Charlesmark is a small boutique hotel off Copley Square in Boston, Mass. We had a wonderful experience over Independence Day weekend. Great view in R. 601, of the park and the historic Boston Library. (Go there: John Adams personal library in Rare Books and a beautiful courtyard). Also see USS Constitution, Old State House, JFK Library, John Adams Historic site in Quincy (subway), walk Beacon Hill, Quincy Market, Freedom Trail. Lots of good restaurants with outdoor seating, and plenty of shops nearby.The staff is very helpful. I had a fractured foot, so they suggested the all-day trolley in lieu of the Freedom Trail. They gave me a surprise treat for my July 4 birthday. They were great with subway directions, and restaurant suggestions. It doesn't stop there. When I left my cell phone charger, they mailed it to me free of charge.One suggestion: To avoid a room mix-up, after you choose and book a room over the phone, ask them to make a notation: Do not move or Keep room-wants view  
<Date>Jul 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent!! I stayed in Charlesmark for 2 nights in May. I booked this hotel due to the reviews on tripadvisor and I was very impressed. The hotel was in an excellent location, the staff were more than helpful, the rooms were lovely and modern with lots of added extras, ie the stereo and guide books were a nice touch. The only negative side (if you could call it that) is that there was refurbishments going on downstairs, however this didn't disturb our holiday as there was no noise and it was kept very tidy. Overall excellent!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Perfect Boston Experience Our weekend stay in Boston was terrific! The city was truely wonderful, and we got to see it all based out of our hotel room at the Charlesmark. From the moment we opened the door to our room, I was impressed. Soft classical music played in the room upon arrival, a nice welcome to a relaxing yet exciting weekend. The room was very comfortable, clean, quiet and well-designed. Cozy bed too, a plus for couples! The small hotel perks were not lost on us... hotel service was personalized and unique, nice to stay some place where the staff remembers your name!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>don't bash the charlesmark!! Just returned from spending 4 nights at the charlesmark prior to our trip we did a lot of research on this hotel (reading reviews!!) we booked a standard room and knew it would be small so we prepared ahead time not taking huge suitcases. The only problem with the room was the floor outside of the bathroom was always very wet, besides that it was decent room it had a tiny fridge with bottle waterThe shower pressure was great but bathroom was tiny, so it was hard to get ready. the hotel location is Great!!! the T is just outside the hotel was very convenient. breakfast of bagels and fruit was also a nice added feature. the staff was also very friendly as well. like the management said in earlier reviews just do your research before booking so there are no surprises and you know what to expect!! for the price and location in boston you can't beat it!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Stayed at this little boutique hotel last week... great experience there. The staff was terrific, room was beautifully decorated, and there were no incidental charges. Location in the middle of the Back Bay is convenient to shopping and business needs. Would stay there again anytime.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CTD5678
<Content>Stylish and small and noisy I stayed for two nights at the Charlesmark and while the experience was okay, there are decided advantages and disadvantages. Location is very convenient to spots downtown and the hotel is clean and service was fine. I really like the sound system and the internet capabilities. The rooms are nicely appointed, but as several other reviewers have noted, quite small. For a single person like myself, that wasn't much of an issue, but I would hesitate to book with another person. Hallways are hard to manage with luggage and certainly if you meet another person! My biggest concern was the noise from floors above and in the hallway at night and the morning, due to the lacki of sound proof.Boston's filled with hotels of quality - this one will has a niche, but will have a hard time competing if its average guest wants to crash after a day around the city.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>The_McGuire_Family
<Content>We only lasted a single night here... My wife and I booked a room at the Charlesmark for the first week of June but ended up moving after a single night. I had chosen this hotel because of the glowing reviews on tripadvisor.com and its excellent price, but we were sadly disappointed. The staff, indeed, was very friendly and helpful, and they ended up releasing us from our weeklong reservation without penalty. The room was clean and attractive, but it was tiny. I mean, no table and chairs in a hotel room? The queen bed, furthermore, had a severe sag in the middle as well. We upgraded to the Hotel Commonwealth for an additional $30 per night and it was worth three times as much.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>njj17677
<Content>Noisy hotel This hotel has all the bells and whistles from the outside....yes you do have the video player and stereo system, and flash lighting system in each room. The staff are very friendly and breakfast is included in the rate.But what is fundamentally missing is having a good night's sleep! This is the main point to staying in a hotel!I was woken up early every morning due to the lack of black out curtains or blinds in the room. The room was on a corner, so had 2 windows so was extremley light despite the normal blinds.Secondly around 2am every night I was woken by the trash being collected in the alleyway.The room was also rather small with a shower cubicle (no bath) which smelt of a stagnant fish pond/tank!!In short, this hotel appears to have all the nice extras, such as free phone calls/internets.....but the fundamental things are missing.I would not stay here again, depsite the great location. Spend a bit more, and stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Charlesmark I stayed at the Charlesmark last May, and again this May. It is a truly terrific place. The rooms are splendid! Beautifully decorated, the decor is all original artwork from local artists. This hotel is very unique, and extremely comfortable. The staff is friendly, knowledgeable and helpful with tourists inquiries. I highly recommend this hotel for tourists. For less price than a standard, boring chain, one can stay at a nice hotel with a local flavour.  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>slsiege
<Content>Location, Location.... This hotel offers a decent room at a decent price at a great location, a half-block from Copley Square. I could walk almost anywhere I wanted to go: Boston Commons/Public Garden, Quincy Market, Symphony Hall, Fenway Park, and many of the historic sites. (All right, I walk a lot.) Newbury St. is right around the corner. For bad weather or longer hauls, the Copley T stop is steps away. As for the hotel itself, the staff was friendly and usually helpful, the small lounge was nice, and the modest continental breakfast is a plus. So are free local calls and the CD stereo. One odd touch: a tiny refrigerator kept stocked with bottles of spring water. Now for the annoyances. Number one: the rooms are TINY. Mine was just about large enough for myself. Also, there wasn't a closet per se; you have to hang jackets, slacks and shirts in a floor-level cabinet space. (Real wood hangers, though.) Coats go on the hook by the door. Heating/Air Conditioning is on the noisy side, though not egregiously so, but setting the control so that you neither freeze nor roast can be tricky. Operating the cable TV can be a problem for the technologically challenged, and the set is at an odd angle, but you should eventually get the hang of it. My biggest gripe is the lighting: besides the nighttable lamps, there was only a none-too-bright floor lamp. One desk guy told me I could have had another lamp shortly before I was going to check out.Oh, yes, there's a computer and printer in the lounge. But it was virus-ridden and useless when I had to print my return boarding pass. Fortunately there's an internet cafe at 252 Newbury, a couple of blocks away, though it's not open terribly late.The minuses didn't spoil my sleep; that and the location made this a positive experience for me. On my next trip, though, I will check out other hotels as well as this one.  
<Date>May 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>could be better Stayed here recently for three nights and in short Bad points: room 606 is small and you will struggle to fit two people and luggage (OK shopping !) in there easily.Noisy (trash collected every night we were there).Room was either too hot or too cold, it was difficult to get a happy medium as the aircon was noisy.The room does not have blackout curtains or blinds.There is construction at the entrance to the hotel, but we were not disturbed by this.Good points: Location is excellent with everything you need very close by including some very good restaurants and shopping.The staff were very pleasant and helpful.Local calls are free as is internet usage.Our room was clean and reasonably well equiped (although the TV was in an odd place!)So would I stay here again ? Probably not, I'd want to give somewhere else a try although I would stay in this area again.  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>modoz
<Content>Great location... pity about the rooms The Charlesmark deserves five stars for location and maybe two stars for amenities. The rooms are, in a word, small. I overheard the reception staff describing them as 'European style'. I think they should be more honest. The rooms are really pokey. My husband and I have just returned from a three night stay and I couldn't wait to check out and come home. It was our final desination of a two week holiday in New York and New England and by far the most disappointing accommodation. The bed was small, there was no wardrobe, or anywhere to put our suitcase, and the bathroom was tiny. And this was the second room we were offered! The first room we were allocated was all of the above but had no natural light - the only window looked onto a brick wall. On the plus side, the decor is fresh and modern, and the front desk staff were friendly enough. The location is great - 30 seconds from the T station, which was really handy getting to and from the airport. Breakfast is coffee and bagels, which was nice, but if you want your bagel toasted you have to go two floors down to the basement where you'll find the toaster (annoying). The free internet service didn't work either (very annoying). In summary, I would recommend the Charlesmark for its location and price, but just be aware of what you're getting. It's not a terribly slick operation and I don't think the customer is always put first. Don't go for a standard room, unless you are travelling by yourself. Couples will definitely need more space.  
<Date>May 14, 2005
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good place We liked the hotel very much and the staff were very friendly. There was construction going on at the entrance when we arrived but I'm sure this will be cleared soon. The rooms were clean and tidy with a good TV/stereo including free video rental. They were, however, a little small for two people and three large bags. Great location with lots of food/bars/attractions in the neighbourhood. Definitely recommend this place.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CAGAL626
<Content>Great Location This hotel can't be beat for the location and the friendly staff. However, if you are driving to Boston, this may not be the best location for you. There is really no good place to pull over and drop off your luggage. Besides the person at the front desk, there isn't anyone who can come down to help you - no bellman. Getting to the closest parking garage is a bit of a hassle as well. Then you have to repeat it all when you leave. Take a taxi or the T! Also, they are in the process of adding a restaurant on the ground floor so be prepared to walk through a bit a construction site on your way in.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Marathon Weekend       Entertainment center  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mao23
<Content>Good deal for Boston Stayed at the Charlesmark for two nights and was pretty pleased. It's a good deal, especially for the Back Bay. The staff was very friendly and helpful, email access in the lounge was very convenient, and the continental breakfast was perfectly adequate. However, the rooms are small. I was traveling alone and had one of their smallest rooms and while it was fine for one, two would be a squeeze and the closet space was very limited. The only other downside of this place was the 5:30a.m. trash pick up! I realize this is completely beyond the control of the hotel but it is something for light sleepers to consider.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a find!!! This place was great! New, modern, clean boutique hotel. Rooms have all the best technological goodies... surround sound stereos, wireless internet, and satellite TV with tons of channels. Also, the bed was terrifically cozy.Staff was helpful and friendly. The personalized dynamic of a small hotel was not lost on us, as it is a pleasure to have staff actually remember your name and the purpose of your visit. Location couldn't have been better... across the street from the T and bus stops, and only two blocks from the Amtrak train we took to get to Boston from NYC.And of course, the Charlesmark did not make us broke as the price was unbelievablly reasonable for the location.All in, this hotel is highly recommended to any and everyone. I wouldn't bother staying anywhere else!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>olderguy47
<Content>Nice place - great location Where to start? I picked this hotel based on reviews on tripadvisor. I was happy with our choice. The location was good for a couple of reasons: a half block from the T, across the street from the Boston Public Library (and a bank of public access computers), and there was a healthy selection of restaurants down Boylston within a few blocks. Also my teenage daughter wanted to go running, and we were three or four blocks from the Charles River with great running paths.There was a mixup when we first got to the hotel. Although we reserved a room to sleep three, it turned out our room was handicap-designated and only slept two. The night clerk made an accomodation for us and we were all happy.The front of the hotel is under construction which really wasn't any problem. The breakfast served in the second floor was quite adequate. We were there three nights. One morning I had a doughnut, the next a blueberry muffin, and the third morning a bagel. The bagels were excellent! Very New York like. Also a bowl of fresh fruit and choice of coffee, tea or OJ. Although breakfast was over at 10 AM, the fruit and remaining goodies were out until evening.My daughter liked that she could play CDs in the full stereo in her room. There is a lending library of VHS movies, but we were always too tired to watch them.There were problems with internet access on the computer in the lounge, but that was okay. There were problems with the soda machine in the basement too (the cans came out hot instead of cold!). But that really didn't overshadow the good value that this hotel was for us. The staff was uniformly helpful and friendly. Restaurants: we liked Legal Seafood at the Pru and the food was really good at The Atlantic Fish Company.We'd gladly come back here again!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible hotel I LOVE the Charlesmark. Great decor and location! I would stay here everytime I go to Boston!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>idonthave1
<Content>Best place in Boston! In the best possible location to be in all of Boston, Charlesmark is an amazing deal! Very nice rooms with very comfortable bed, and decorated with local artwork. Loads of free features... continental breakfast, wireless internet (fast!), Direct TV, and free videos to watch. I highly recommend this hotel as you will find nothing else in Boston where you can stay so cheap, so well, in such a nice neighborhood.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Charlesmark This Hotel was one of the best I have experienced. The price was very reseanable, which actually scared me, but i was very pleased, it was extremely clean, quaint, stylish, comfortable and in a great location. The T is right across the street, it serves a sweet little continental breakfast and the staff are great. I can not recommend it enough!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FitnessMandy
<Content>Enjoyed my stay I visited the Charlesmark for 3 nights in early February of 2005. Being a female in my 20's traveling alone, I was very comfortable in this hotel. The lobby almost reminded me of someone's living room. Overall, it has a warm and pleasant ambience about it. That being said, from the outside, the Charlesmark does not look like a hotel at all. The lobby is on the second floor, so if you enter from the street, you walk into an area that is currently under construction. I'm sure it will be very nice when it is finished and I certainly do not hold this against them.I was in a deluxe room on the 5th floor facing Boylston Street. Even though the room was small, it was arranged in such a way that it didn't seem small.I was pleased and would stay there again. Pros:Great location,Friendly and knowledgable staff,Price,Clean,Nice decor,Continental breakfast,Satellite radio and television,Very comfortable bed with lots of pillows!Cons:A bit noisyandthe room could have used a little more light.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>denjules
<Content>Great Location Stayed in this hotel Feb'05 mostly due to the reveiws on this site. As previously mentioned the hotel is well located especially for our needs as we arived via AMTRAK. The price is also a welcome site as we have stayed in boston before and paid alot more. The Hotel is nice, compact and has good facilites. yes the rooms are small and we had one of the delux rooms I think the standard room would have been too small but they were comfortable and as others have mentioned they have a very good sound system and televison system. Our only gripes would be that our room was facing the main road and the windows are not sound proof at all and this kept us awake till late and them woke us up quite early and we were on the top floor! Also we were staying during snow and very cold weather and even with the heating on full in our room we couldn't get warm!Saying all this we would stay again mostly due to the location and the value for money  
<Date>Feb 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Taffeta
<Content>Fantastic summer stay I stayed at the Charlesmark for about 5 nights or so during July 2004. I loved this hotel. The staff were the best and most helpful of any hotel where I have stayed -- I travel a moderate amount for business purposes.My rate was low, based on my membership in an organization that has negotiated a lower rate with the Charlesmark. I think I had one of their smallest rooms. It was small, but fine for one person. It had what I think was a full-size bed, very comfortable. The room had good lighting, although it took me a little while to figure out how to work the two bedside lights.This hotel had the best audio-video system of any hotel I have ever stayed in. There was a fantastic stereo and sound system -- the TV had satellite rather than cable, and there were far more channels available than most non-digital TV cable systems would have. Also, there were classic videotapes in the lobby that could be brought up to the rooms to watch on the VCR attached to the TV.The only glitch I noticed was that the clothes closet was exceptionally small. It was a waist-high cabinet that was about a foot wide or so. This caused no problems when storing summer clothing... bulky winter clothing would be a different story. Also, it may be that this room had a smaller area for clothing storage than most.When I stayed there, somebody upstairs from me was playing their stereo pretty loudly some of the time. I guess that is a drawback of having such a good stereo system.Overall, I loved this hotel. It is in a great location, and good service is their business!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Looseal
<Content>Great Gadgets, Excellent Location We stayed in this hotel last week, simply as the reviews on Tripadvisor were so good, and we were not dissapointed. The location is superb and the hotel staff were so helpful. Agreed the rooms are compact but they are stylishly decorated and the technology within such a small space is unheard of in many of the hotels that I have stayed in. The price is great value for money and the breakfast a refreshing change in a country where you usually have to pay extra. I would stay there myself again and will recommend it to everyone.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location beware of parking My husband and I stayed at the Charlesmark in August 2004 for one night. It almost a last minute reservation. The staff was friendly and helpful. The place was very clean. I really liked the fruits, muffins, bagels and beverage selections in the morning. It is a little small for two people, but if you're only staying in Boston for one night, this is definately an interesting place to stay. The location is great as we were able to walk to various interesting points.My only negative comment is that parking is expensive in Boston and when I originally booked this hotel through Travelocity, it had mentioned that the hotel offered free parking to their guests. I should have known better. However, the positives outweighed the negatives, so I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JBASM
<Content>Hit the Charles! Stayed at the Charlesmark for a week over the new years period entirely based on the reviews here as my first choice wasn't available. I was not disappointed. Great location on Boylston St, near the shopping, restaurants, bars, across the road from the tube/T/subway. Room size was certainly better than in NYC,  when our air con/heating stopped working on day 2 I mentioned it (as it was freezing outside) and after they checked, no quibbles a new room. Room was clean, breakfast was fine (actually the best I have had in the US yet for a hotel inclusive) however not amazing.Best of all they did not charge a premium for December 31st with the room rates staying consistent thoughout my stay, great value for money and even though the weak dollar helped I would stay there again even when the rates move back. If your going to Boston book the Charlesmark.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>charles loves the charlesmark We made last minute reservations at this enchanting and artsy hotel.great location(30 min. walking distance to all favorite locations),Upon arrival at our room our blind malfunctioned and broke. We called the front desk and they made arrangements to fix it asap. The next morning the blind was fixed,a bottle of great wine and 2 glasses and a sorry for the inconvience letter was left in our room. We piggied out on the assortment of goodies for breakfast ,chochalate muffins, bagels and a huuuge bowl of fresh fruit. Coffee was fresh every day. The front desk was very helpful. The room has state of the art stereo and cd player with excellant speaker system. (sets the mood mmm.) We were pleasantly surprised checking out when we could leave our luggage with the hotel and pick it up later that day when we departed. We like to thank management and staff for a loverly and memorable stay.We are also extremely appreciative to our dear friend Larree S. at Four Seasons Travel,Tinton falls N.J. for pointing us in the right direction.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bigpurple
<Content>Great location This review is a bit belated but...I took my two small boys back to Boston for the ALCS. On a scale of 1 to 10 the Charelsmark's location is a 10. Only a few yards to the subway and a block from Newberry St. in a very nice section of the city. As some of the other reviewers have pointed out the rooms are small but they are very nice. My only surprise was that the king bed seems more like a queen and the pull-out couch is a single so the I had to sleep on the pull-out and the boys slept on the bed.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>marcusg123
<Content>Hidden Gem that Won't be Hidden Much Longer My greatest fear is that everyone writing great reviews for this hotel are going to just lock it out for those of us who want to return. When word fully gets out about this quaint, kitschy, neuvo, funky little place - it will be booked months in advance. The keys here are location and price. You can't beat either. It's not a luxury hotel by any means, but it's comfortable friendly and one of the best situated places I've ever stayed. You just can't be in a better location for the price, which for us was only $149. My wife and I were there the weekend of December 17, 18 and 19 and we shopped til we dropped - literally. This place is in the heart of Copley Square, and close to the T so you don't need a car. We had a blast and the desk support was extremely helpful and friendly. The rooms were cute and dark and fairly small - but frankly - we didn't spend much time there anyway. The room we had faced Boylston Street and was noisy, but we found that if we ran the heat fan in the room, it cut off a lot of the road noise. There's a new lounge going up on the first floor (much needed) but won't be open until spring, I'm told. Just a couple of nitpicky items:- We asked for extra pillows (they are pretty small and flat) and we got two sent to the room without pillowcases- The coffee in the lobby was cold to lukewarm most of the time and not refreshed enough and the doughnuts and bagels from the morning sat there all day and evening. Overall we loved the place and would go back in a second. And will. I just hope the prices don't go up with the demand (hint to ownership).  
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great place to stay! We stayed at the Charlesmark for two nights in September 2004. We found the staff to be helpful and friendly. Our room was compact but was nicely decorated and air conditioned. En suite facilities were good. Great location, we would stay there again!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wannabfla
<Content>A Note of Thanks We thank the staff for helping to make our weekend visit to Boston extra nice. Everyone was so friendly and helpful --Jason set the tone from the start when he booked our room! We were really impressed with the extras found at the Charesmark --from the cozy internet/sitting cafe area to the champagne and hot dogs(!) for the Boston Red Sox parade. These special touches one would NOT find at a large, impersonal hotel. The rooms were clean and decorated very tastefully, and all in a fabulous location! We will recommend the Charlesmark to friends, and plan to return again ourselves. Thanks again for a lovely stay.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AnywhereUSA310
<Content>Not for Business Travel I just returned from a two night business trip to Boston and had a mixed reaction to the Charlesmark.I'll start with the good. I had the larger of the two room sizes and as a solo traveler didn't feel cramped. The room was very clean and, as everyone has noted, tastefully decorated. There was a comfy couch to sit on next to the bed. The bed linens were nice. There were six shelves hung on the wall, which provided a handy place to put travel items and toiletries. The bathroom, though relatively small, was nice with stone floors and nice tile. The lobby had a computer with free internet access - very appreciated by a traveler like me who does not like to cart a laptop in order to be able to check my e-mail. The hotel is very conveniently situated in the Back Bay, near restaurants and shopping. Most restaurants in the neighborhood are open quite late - Gyuhama, a sushi bar down the street, is open until 2:00 a.m. (great for travelers arriving on late flights).Now for the bad. If you are there for business, forget about working in your room at night. There is no desk and no chair. Even worse, even if you want to sit on the comfy couch and go over business papers you can't because the lighting in the room is totally inadequate. (I kept looking for more lights to switch on, but there weren't any). The room does not have a closet. Instead, there is a small cubbyhole under the television which is just tall enough so that you could hang some shirts or blouses, but not long pants, a dress or a long skirt. The only option for those items is the coat rack by the door, which had two hooks. I had a room on Boylston Street and found that the traffic disturbed my sleep (I wish they had double paned the windows to help block out the noise). There were black Venetian blinds instead of blackout shades and curtains -- chic, but the blinds didn't completely block out the street light. Also, don't count on sleeping past 9:00 a.m. - the maids start cleaning the rooms by then and you can hear them outside your room clanging and vacuuming. I wasn't impressed by the free Continental breakfast, especially because there aren't any other real breakfast options in the immediate vicinity. I wished that they had mugs for the coffee and tea rather than crummy paper cups and that they at least had cold cereal in addition to the mediocre bagels and muffins.All in all, if I were traveling to Boston for leisure, wanted a relatively inexpensive place to stay and didn't have a lot of clothes with me that needed to be hung, I would stay at the Charlesmark again. I would not stay there again for a business trip where I needed to work in the room at night.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Enriquez
<Content>small but good. It is located in a central location approximately across Trinity Church and two blocks from Prudential center. Boylston street is one block parallel to Newbery street which is the Rue St Honere of Boston. Room was small and the bed was a little smaller than a Queen size. The room has a CD player, VHS, cable TV. There are free tapes accessible at reception. Showers are well sized and with good water pressure. Rooms are sound proofed from the street noise. Breakfast is good with no limit on bages, pastries, fruits, coffee. Staff is friendly. Will return.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SugarWahine
<Content>Can't beat it.... Stayed over Thanksgiving weekend and it was great. Room was small for sure and our room could use a fresh coat of paint, but the bathroom was nice and clean and the staff could not be beat in terms of helpfulness. Great location and waaayyy cheaper than others in the area. Only bummer is no reasonable nearby parking, but next time we'd skip the car and just take the T. (who knew?) Don't forget to check out the North End (Bova's bread and Mike's Pastry!) and for you winter travelers a short walk from the hotel to the Frog Pond for ice skating is really fun. If I could change one thing about the Charlesmark would be to ask them to put robes in the bathrooms.... it would be a nice touch and really reflect what they stand for well. Also, they are in the process of building a 1st floor bar which should be ready shortly.... so another place to spend time in the hotel other than your room. Bravo!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alturner007
<Content>Recommended... I was attending a conference and this location was very convenient for me. The hotel and my room were very nice. Some people may say it is small, but in big cities size is hard to come by. I had plenty of room. The continental breakfast was good. The hotel staff was very accommodating. The lobby is located on the second floor, so anyone is free to ride up the elevator directly to your hotel door. I would suggest the hotel provide a little more security. Overall, I would give the hotel 3 and 1/2 stars.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Mozeymo
<Content>Perfect Copley Place Alternative I was in Boston to attend a national conference at the Marriott Copley Place, but thankfully I used expedia and tripadvisor to investigate my options instead dumbly surrendering my wallet to the Marriott just because it was the designated venue for the meeting. The Charlesmark is all of 2 minutes from the front door of the Marriott, and it has infinitely more charm and panache in a smaller package. When my eyes were closed, the smaller room was every bit as expansive as a larger one would have been. The commercial free classical music piped in via the cable system made drifting off to sleep especially easy (the stereo has a sleep timer). I liked the tile work in the bathroom so much I wish I could remodel my bathroom at home to be just like it (the uneven granite on the shower basin feels wonderful on the soles of your feet). This place was great. FYI, try Typhoon (1/2 block the other side of Exeter on Boylston) for tasty pan-Asian dishes (the warm lettuce and chicken appetizer was yummy).  
<Date>Nov 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GraceM100
<Content>We had a Great Stay! Just returned from Boston and we stayed at the Charlesmark. My husband, daughter and I really enjoyed it. Had read the reviews from this site, so we knew that the rooms were going to be small. But, other than that, it's really a very nice place. Location is great...in the heart of the Back Bay. The decor in the rooms was very attractive. Several nice unexpected touches (bagels and coffee in the lobby in the am, bottles of water in the room, free movie loans, nice stereo system in rooms...). Lastly, the service was really great. We would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wombathiq
<Content>Breakfasts in the Morning Sun! My wife and I had a wonderful stay at this hotel - it has a very relaxed atmosphere and very helpful staff. The rooms were very clean, especially the bathrooms which were particulary clean and modern. Sure, the breakfast choice is limited, but as a start to your day it was more than adequate - the muffins were actually from Dunkin Donuts, and very tasty! The location is good, with a subway station pretty well at the doorstep, and there is a shopping mall very close by - don't forget to grab a dozen Krispi Kremes at the 24 hour store! We made our way from the airport using the subway and had no trouble at all in locating the hotel and all within around 30 minutes. Give this hotel a try - we don't think you will be disappointed. (--)   
<Date>Oct 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jeanettetx18
<Content>Great stay My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights in October. The location is fabulous - very close to Copley Sq. and Newbury St (prime shopping area). Although the room was a bit small, it was extremely functional with a ton of clever, built-in space. The staff was also helpful if we had a question about directions. Would recommend this place in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>berk54
<Content>What an amazing little hotel I just spent 4 days in Boston at the Charlesmark. I was in town for a convention that was based at the Westin Copley Square (just about 150 steps away). The hotel is stylish, friendly, modern and the location cannot be beat. The Green Line T is about 4 doors down, Newberry Street, around the corner. They don't have a restaurant (coming in the spring), but they do offer a lovely continental breakfast on the 2nd floor lobby. The hotel is quiet, the beds amazing, and the pillows even better. I will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>not at all what I was told   showReview(2623011, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2004
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Zzyzx6986
<Content>Fantastic stay for our 25th Anniversary!   showReview(2579694, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>portinfer
<Content>A shopper's heaven   showReview(2445999, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved This Hotel!   showReview(2432148, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cheers for the Charlesmark   showReview(2389635, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Service And Charming Rooms   showReview(2326246, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding Personal Service   showReview(2270703, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place to stay   showReview(2186285, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charm and Convenience   showReview(2178281, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chrisnj19
<Content>A fine value, a great location   showReview(1666198, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Burbruja
<Content>Moderno, centrico y acogedor   showReview(19432302, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage in Boston   showReview(19637685, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>maurosarti
<Content>la realt脿 猫 ben diversa dalle promesse   showReview(19326477, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	2	1	1	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Petit hotel tres confortable et id茅alement place   showReview(11302881, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nett und n盲he Zentrum   showReview(11302882, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>manuela74
<Content>Posizione ottimale in centro citt脿   showReview(8510721, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>bennybau
<Content>posizione fantastica   showReview(7721867, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Annie-Fran莽oise
<Content>Bien situ茅   showReview(7316161, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	2	2	-1	

