<Author>holiday989
<Content>Great Stay       Vanity  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>shayshaz
<Content>7 days at the kuta lagoon we have just got back from 7 nights at the kuta lagoon resort. it was the best stay. we had 3 of the pool access rooms they are great value for money. The idea of just stepping off your veranda and into the pool was great. We spent a lot of time on our veranda's and in the pool and at the swim up bar.The staff was great. They always helped if needed with a smile. The staff are very friendly. our rooms were cleaned everyday. Clean sheets everyday. I have read here that the pool bar was never or hardly opened, well we never had a problem with that they were there 90% of the time and if they weren't you only had to ask and they were there straight away.The massage ladies do the best job. nothing better then getting a relaxing massage after a big day of shopping. The breakfast was excellent, heaps to choose from the choices ranged from fresh fruit to cooked bacon and eggs there were muffins crosssaints, toast, cereal, hash browns, omelets, chicken sausages, juices,tea and coffee. Plus much more and no complaints at all. And it wasn't the same stuff everyday. With so many resturants to choose from in Bali we only had dinner at the hotel one night but it was nice.If you go there try thier fungi pizza it is beautiful.The staff at reception are very helpful. And if you need a driver they can organise it or you can just walk out side and there will be a driver on the grounds or step outside on to the street and there are plenty.Just as you enter the street there will be a lady called Madi there who will offer to do your nails or hair at Jodie  Madi's salon. They do your hair beautifully, i had heaps of comments on my hair. They also do hair extensions as well and massages. she is a beautiful lady and they wont rip you off if you go to her tell her Sharon said hello.Secruity is good at the Hotel they are always walking around and very friendly as well.Over all the hotel was heaps nice. It is very central to everything shops galore bout 10- 15 minute walk to beach about 10 minute walk to night clubs or you can always jump in a taxi. This was my 2nd stay in Bali but my first time staying at the Kuta lagoon resort and i am going back next year and will be staying at the Kuta lagoon. This time my stay is going to be longer. I met a lady and her crew and they have been to Bali 14 times and have stayed at the Kuta lagoon for the past 9 times and wont stay anywhere else. I think i will join her.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Fiadoff
<Content>Great Hotel to Stay!!!       View of Pool access room on the ground floor  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>65jak
<Content>Excellent value for money Have just returned from a week at the Kuta Lagoon Resort. I travelled with 10 family members aged 10 to 50. Hotel catered for all of us perfectly. Booked Pool access room, but ended up upstairs, have taken this up with agent though. Pool acess rooms would have been much more social for us all. Rooms clean and beds comfy. Great location. Surrounded by great shopping and restruants, and not a long hike to the beach. Breakfast was nice, lots to choose from and other meals we had there were all nice, western or traditional. I would definately stay here again. The pool was great, staff was friendly, and great location. Probably wouldn't go to the spa again for manicures etc, found them a bit unprofessional. The bar area was very relaxing, the only thing was some of the drink mixers were unavailable, so were a bit limited to what we could order, but luckily they had plenty on Bintang, so we were happy.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>SuePerthWA
<Content>Loved Kuta Lagoon We have just returned from Bali, staying at Kuta Lagoon. This is a great hotel in a great location, right in the heart of Kuta with shopping, bars, restaurants all within easy walking distance. We had a pool access room, how great was that to come home from shopping, grab a cool drink from the fridge and slip into the pool, all from your own balcony! The footy finals were on while we were there so we walked down to Sheppy's bar, run by a guy from Collie. Beaut atmosphere and great food. It is the second time we have stayed at Kuta Lagoon and we would definitely do so again.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>PerthFamilyof5
<Content>Great location, quiet hotel We booked this hotel as we had trouble booking anything else due to peak holiday period in Bali. We stayed in an upstairs room. The beds were comfy, the water pressure in the shower- was not great. The hotel was great. Staff were brilliant. Breakfast was not as many selections as some of the larger hotels, but we never left hungry. The pool is really long and great for lap swimmers. No problems getting loungers, as this hotel is quiet and does not seem to attract the lounge hogs of other hotels. The pool bar was never staffed when we were there, but it was pretty easy to wave down a staff member to get a drink. The hotel entrance is on Jln Legian, and there are many shops, restuarants etc within easy walking distance. We spent much time in Garlic Lane, great eating and shopping. We had room service a couple of times, very quick, great pizza. We also hired a dvd one night, the staff installed it all for us and showed us how to switch from tv to dvd. The DVD store across the road from the hotel was good, we have had no dud dvd's yet, very happy. We checked out one of the pool villa's, these would be lovely for an economical romantic holiday. Although the pools are small.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>MissKel
<Content>Wouldnt stay again - zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz I stayed at Kuta Lagoon Resort for 10 days in peak season, I had a pool side room that I shared with my friend. The room was decent, beds were comfy and bathroom was fine. The hotel itself and pool area are all lovely however the hotel is severely lacking in any atmosphere. I was surprised to find that although Bali was v busy I could have counted on my one hand how many guests i saw in the hotel on my stay. The pool bar is rarely staffed, almost every time we wanted service there we had to leave the pool and approach the cafe/restaurant to get someone to serve us (whilst sopping wet). Also no one seems to know what time the pool bar closes, 6pm on the sign on the bar, 11pm on their website and a different time again if you ask the staff. The staff are overly concerned with noise restraints after 10.30pm, they came and turned off music at the bar area at 10.45pm whilst my friend and two others were having a drink, due to the noise complaint of one other guest, and yet there is an abundance of noise from 6.30/7am onwards that staff seem oblivious to (which is a combination of cleaners dragging chairs across the balconies, renovations that dont seem to end and noisy chatter of other guests in the hallways whilst on their way to their daily bus tours leaving the hotel foyer). I often felt that I was staying in an elderly retirement home. The free meal the hotel offers to guests who stay longer than 7 days is a joke, it is a list of pre-selected dishes from the 'free meal menu' which is different to their standard menu and is in effect an entree not a meal. The spa staff are annoying and unavoidable in that they are in charge of the pool towel distribution, not that you will get your towel without being asked a hundred times if you would like to book a massage. If you are swimming in the pool near the entry to the beauty spa the staff pester you from the edge of the pool and just when you thought they'd got the message that you're not interested, they do the ring around the hotel rooms to ask the same. Dont get me wrong i expect the banter and the haggle of the Bali street vendors and I love it, but i dont expect to be pestered in the hotel i'm staying at. Overall the hotel itself is pleasant but is lacking in so many ways, this is my fifth time in Bali and I would not stay at Kuta Lagoon again I could recommend many hotels for families, young couples and older couples that are much better.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	2	2	2	

<Author>Jolzie
<Content>Loved the Kuta Lagoon Resort loved the staff made it easy to stay there We have just stayed at the Kuta Lagoon for 14 days and loved it. The breakfast although simple was everything you could need. The staff were happy, caring and enjoyed having us there. The Pool Access rooms are fantastic remembering this is a 3 star resort and the only other pool access room we could find was at Nusa Dua and at ND prices. We will definitely go back as we found our haven where there are very few kids and no problems with lounges around the pool. The pool staff couldn't do enough for us.Thank you again KL Resort.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cintansh
<Content>Simply Loved It! I booked 13 deluxe rooms  2 pool villas for my company trip from 17-20 May 08. It was a beautiful stay. Top notch 3-star hotel with a unique pool. Excellent service. Fantastic location. A haven amid the bustle of Kuta. Highly recommended!  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tray27
<Content>Great place to stay! My friends and I had a great stay here. The pool was fabulous! There were 5 of us and we all had pool access rooms. You absolutely must have a pool access room.The rooms are very basic, clean and nice bathrooms, but you take 2 steps off your balcony and you are in the pool! It was lovely to sit out on your balcony drinking at night and slipping in the pool when you were hot. Unfortunately one night we had a spider in our room and I hate spiders! One of our friends saved us though. It was no big deal, it was pretty funny after. The hotel staff were lovely, so helpful and loved to stop for a chat. The service was one of the best I have ever had and I do a lot of travel for my job.There is a pool bar but it isn't always open. We were always served very quickly in the pool, a staff member is always around and will offer to serve you.The prices of food, beverages and room service are really really cheap too. We sometimes stocked up at the supermarket but if we ran out we werent upset as Bintang was very reasonably priced!Probably the only disappointing thing was the breakfast. It was very average,no variety. But that didnt bother us, we skipped it when we got sick of it and would go out for an early lunch instead.For the price we paid we were very happy with this hotel. We were originally staying at the Bounty but changed it at the last minute and do not regret changing it. We were recommended it by some friends and are glad we spent time there. You will absolutely love the pool! If you are looking at not spending too much, we definately recommend it, I would stay again for sure. Great location too. We really enjoyed our stay. It is quiet hotel, much more quiet than the Bounty would have been! But we had a great time, I really really miss the pool!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>bluemi
<Content>There are many better options in Kuta This hotel promotes itself as A Tropical Heaven With Balinese Traditions and looked interesting on the web, so I booked myself into it for a week. Unfortunately the rooms with direct pool access - certainly a nice feature - were fully booked so I took one of the deluxe rooms.Well, first impressions count and when you arrive at the hotel you enter a basically blank entrance hall/lobby with a few cheap desks that are meant to be the reception. Certainly not what you would expect from a hotel with such a self-advertisement. Next disappointment was the room. With its high natural roof and it's balcony overlooking the nicely shaped pool it could have been something but again - cheap cheap furniture that has absoluely nothing of Balinese traditions and handicraft. It makes the room look like a slightly upmarket backpacker accommodation. Balinese traditions? Yeah, if you mean the noisy windspiel at a temple next to the hotel. Not their fault but it didn't let me sleep well.I moved to one of their villa rooms the next day. Far more expensive but very large and with its private little pool, outdoor bath tub and generally upmarket interior worth the price - if you have managed to bargain it down from their published rate.Breakfast was ok but nothing special, I have seen comparable hotels doing much better here. Other meals in the restaurant were reasonable.Staff was friendly but nothing that went beyond anything that you can experience at any other hotel in the world, and for Bali it was below standard. In general the whole place lacks management and all the staff urgently need training. Many small things just didn't go right. I asked at the reception where to buy a voucher for Internet access and was sent to the restaurant. At the restaurant they sent me back to the reception before I found out that there was a small business center (a tiny room with a few old computers). How long have these people been working at this hotel??I had problems getting through on the phone to the Thai Airways office - maybe because they gave me a wrong number at the hotel - and the woman at the reception sent me to the airport to reconfirm my flight. I arrived there - but no Thai Airways office so I ended up driving all the way to Sanur. Back at the hotel that woman didn't even manage to make an excuse for the wrong information she gave me - a silly smile was the only thing I got.For credit card payment they charged me an additional fee of 3%. In know that this is quite common in Indonesia but from a hotel of this category you would expect that they manage to set their rates in a way that they don't have to charge these 3%.As mentioned before it seems to me that this place has an owner who probably shows up every three weeks to count his profit but saves the money for hiring a manager. The staff seems to be left alone and lacks reasonable training. I'm not a hotel manager but only with the things I have seen during my stay I could keep myself busy for weeks with improving this place.Given the amount of far better hotels in and around Kuta (it was my 7th stay on Bali) this is a place I would not want to visit again.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>scotrox
<Content>great place to stay We chose to stay at the Kuta Lagoon for our honeymoon in october as we stayed there previously about five years ago before the bombings at the Sari club and we found it to be a fantastic hotel with excellent service so this is why we chose to stay there again. As before the service was excellent and the staff wonderful, we did notice the difference in breakfast selection but there were also less people so it would be a waste to over cater as i would like to just add that with the effects of the bombing we noticed that Bali on the whole has suffered greatly economically so could be the reason it was a little down on last time we visited but we will definately be visiting again. The pool access rooms are awesome and the meals terrific value for money, most meals (which we delicious) we had were around $3-5 AUS and the cocktails were around $4.00 AUS and the bintang beer was just over $1.00 AUS so what more could you ask for in terms of value.Your privacy was always respected and the housekeeping was excellent as were all areas of the hotel, keep up the good work aand thank you so much for a lovely stay.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ChloeRyan
<Content>Wonderful Hotel We just got back from spending 2 weeks at Kuta Lagoon and there is nothing whatsoever wrong with this hotel. The one and only problem is the other guests and their loudness. If you like to relax and get away from the busy street than this is the place but on the other hand a few guests decided that it was a party location when it is advertised as a queit get away. The staff know your name after the first few days and it is a perfect place to relax after a busy day shopping. The hotel Spa is not the best but I recommend the Secert Garden Spa just around the corner. All in all we had a fantastic trip and and we are staying at Kuta Lagoon again next year. A really friendlly place to be.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Love2travel2bali
<Content>this hotel rocks! i stayed here with my friend on winter school holiday, and it was fabulous! i didnt expect anything good for such a price! i stayed in the pool access room. its so great how you can just jump off your balcony when u feel like swimming. the food are great too if u compare it to the quality and the price altogether to the foods in aussie. and if u'r bored, just go out and shops are ALL AROUND the hotel!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>greggles51
<Content>Great location, We spent 6 nights in a pool access room. We found the room size to be a bigger rooom than a normal 3 star hotel. Pool access rooms are the only way to go. We found the breakfast to be a little average . You had the choice of four dishes but only one changes each day. The staff are more than friendly and can tell you where to get cheap dvd's, hire a bemo. We did not eat in the resteraunt at night but found a nice cheap resteraunt accross the road. If you want a nice meal at a good price try the International Cafe nearby. The only down fall we did find was the pool to be on the cool side.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Vessie
<Content>Great Location! I recently spent 6 nights at Kuta Lagoon Resort and Pool Villas. We stayed in the pool access room and would recommend these above the standard rooms. The breakfast was excellent and the service great. We indulged in two massages which were absolutley relaxing. I found the pool area lacking in cleanliness. The pool had the correct chlorine ect but as the garden grew over the pool it was constantly full of leaves. All it needed was a clean throughout the day. Alot of people were complaining put off by this. The first few nights were great but the last two were horrendous as the couple above us rose early and just them walking on the floor above us sounded like a herd of elephants... there is no sleeping in thats for sure!I would recommend the villas as they are seperate from the rest of the hotel and would hope alot quiter. There is a swim up pool bar but it was only ever open once while we were there. Overall value for money but definitely not a quiet hotel.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

