<Author>SSHB
<Content>Great location, nice room - slow internet! This is the third time I stayed at the Mark Hopkins - and while I was initially concerned about the 2nd floor room they assigned me, the view was actually pretty cool off of Nob Hill towards Market Street/the South. Room was large and super clean.The only thing that irked me was the painfully slow wireless internet connection. It was inconsistent, and slow - especially for watching streaming video/music. This is San Fran - center of the tech world - there is no reason why the internet connection should be soooooo slooooow.Service was fine and location is great - will stay again, but hopefully they will up the connection speed on their wireless routers...  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>IndiTravler
<Content>Not Quite the Expected Perfection So we took advantage of the travel deals currently occurring and chose to stay for a week in early December 2008. The first thing I did was look out the window where I received my first minor disappointment 鈥?our 鈥渂ay view鈥?room was more like a 鈥渃ity view.鈥?Yes you could see a corner of Alcatraz Island if standing near the window and looking down the street. But if just standing in the middle of the room looking out the window, it was a view of Grace Cathedral, not the bay. The good news is that鈥檚 a pretty good view, especially at night in December when the trees in the park all had lights and the interior lights shine out the windows of the cathedral. The room (a standard room with a king bed) was quite luxurious. It was large, nicely decorated room retaining the historic trim with lush bedding, a walk-in closet, and a marble lined bathroom. Furnishings also included a Radio/CD player and a DVD player, and a mini-bar with room for your own stuff in the armoire that also held the TV. Your choice of newspaper (or newspapers) is/are delivered each morning. There were several items that detracted from the room in my opinion. First, the TV wasn鈥檛 a flat-panel TV. To me, you can鈥檛 be a 鈥?-star鈥?establishment these days if you haven鈥檛 upgraded the TV 鈥?they just aren鈥檛 that expensive anymore. Second was the internet charge (approximately $10/day). Internet charges just bug me when internet is included almost every 鈥渂asic鈥?hotel these days and certainly does not cost the hotel anywhere near $10/day to provide internet service to a room. Finally, there was a lack of drawer space 鈥?only 2 very small drawers and one medium drawer in the armoire holding the TV and mini-bar. The public lounge area in the hotel is now very small 鈥?they have converted most of it into either a restaurant or the 鈥淓xecutive Club Lounge.鈥?The lounge was nice it had a 42鈥?plasma TV, games, books, newspapers, satellite radio, internet, complementary beverages, a pretty full breakfast (basically a deluxe cold buffet with smoked salmon, nice cheese, fruit, and breads), and other snacks during the day. Plus there is another concierge type person in the lounge to provide assistance. The problem of course is that the Club Lounge isn鈥檛 open to general guests 鈥?this color and charm will set you back $30 per person per day if you are staying in a 鈥淪tandard Room鈥?but is included with a 鈥淓xecutive Club Level Room鈥? We did use lounge extensively one cold and rainy day when we weren鈥檛 doing much sight seeing, but I鈥檇 be hard pressed to recommend paying for it either as part of the room cost or as a separate charge.Service is where the Mark Hopkins shines. Every staff member we dealt with was incredibly and went out of their way to help us with what we needed. Especially when dealing with a couple of minor problems and of course getting us to the airport to fly home. In this respect 鈥?they achieved perfection. Hint 鈥?the door on California Street marked 鈥淭op of the Mark鈥?isn鈥檛 just for the restaurant. It will lead you to an elevator to the lobby and the rooms pretty quickly and save you part of the walk up the hill from the Powell Street cable cars. Hint 2 鈥?Your basic transportation up/down Nob Hill will be the cable cars. They cost $5 each trip. Therefore, you WILL want the muni-passport (1-day $11; 3-day $18; or 7-day $21). See info here: http://www.sfmta.com/cms/mfares/passports.htm Or get the CityPass if you want to include museums too.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Enviajao
<Content>elegant stay in San Francisco Stayed over a weekend for professional meeting.聽 Location is great and service is outstanding.聽 Room is somewhat small but the views of the bridge are splendid.聽 Top floor bar/restaurant is a bit pricey but the exhilarating views of the city and the bay are worth the splurge.聽 We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lizzay
<Content>Great Hotel - Great Location After many nights researching hotels for this trip I decided on the Intercontinental Mark Hopkins. We were so glad we ended up at the Mark Hopkins. Great location, beautiful hotel in Nob Hill. ROOMBooked the Excutive Level King - Room 1422. This room had a grea view of the Golden Gate Bridge/Bay, Grace Cathedral and California Cable Line. Ask for this room.It is an older hotel like many in San Francisco but well-maintained and nicely decorated. We didn't find the room to be any smaller than a normal hotel we've stayed in during our travels.CLUB LEVEL A MUSTMake sure you book a Club Level room. Its well worth the extra cost in snack and drinks alone. Its a very nice lounge that serves 5 mini-meals throughout the day starting at 6:30-10:30 I believe. Great for grabbing breakfast, snack or tea in the afternoon, lite appetizers and drinks in the evening. Especially nice if traveling from east coast and haven't adjusted to time difference. I went down and read a few mornings so not to disturb others.Nancy at the Concierge Desk is very informative and can answer any questions you may have. She was my morning friend each day!TOP OF THE MARKThe views are great! Dress up and go on up for a drink and dance!If you book through the website or hotel directly, check back to see if rates drop. We booked and found a reduced rate a few days prior to leaving and hotel matched price. Also check if your company has corporate rates. I was able to get a great price and worth it to stay here.WARNING: PRINT RESERVATIONS WITH RATESMake sure you print out your reservation including rates. My only gripe is after calling and speaking directly to a reservationist my new rate was not reflected in the system. Had I not brought along my new confirmation I had been charged the higher price. Even after presenting email confirmation I was second guessed by Front Desk. Not at all how you want to start your trip after traveling several hours. Note to Front Desk staff you are the first impression to your guest. Only gripe about entire tripI highly recommend getting the City Pass (Citypass.com) with the California and Powell Cable Cars running literally in front of the hotel it makes getting to any place in city a breeze. It includes unlimited cable cars ($5 one-way) and muni buses for $57 for a 7-day pass and includes admissions to attractions and museums. If you got time also check out Mr. Toads Tours. Sounds corny and 100% touristy but who cares it was well worth the money!Tadish's on California Street worth the wait.If your there over a weekend a must is the Farmer's Market at the end of California Street - Take the Cable Car down the hill quick walk to water.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>junechild
<Content>beautiful hotel in quiet nobb hill Beautiful hotel right in front of Fairmont hotel  church. Their upgraded room is located on powell street with cable car, so you have a nice view, but it's loud all day and it'll wake you up. The room on california street side was smaller, but had a huge bathroom, and quiet. Downstairs restaurant was excellent! It takes less than 5min to union sqaure  china town by foot but that's leaving from hotel. The hill going back to hotel is not fun at all. Take a taxi!! It coasts $5-6 plz remember this hotel is on top of the hill.!! go cross the street to fairmont, and get crossant coffee in the morning. Tiny french restaurant one block from hotel was excellent (it's for locals) This hotel is definitely for adults who like quiet atmosphere.You don't need airport shuttle. Take a train it coasts less than $6 and 30min to powell station, and take a taxi for less than $6 to this hotel. public bus is $1.50 and good for a couple of rides. Much cheaper  faster than cable car.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>jhjr
<Content>Old World Excellence in a convenient location Booked a double view room for Nov. 11-16 and couldn't have been more pleased. Although the Golden Gate view is only available with King rooms, our view of the Transamerica Building and downtown was beautiful, especially at night. Location on Nob Hill is very central to everything and the cable cars are the most convenient public transport close to the hotel, although we used the hotel's town car and muni buses too. Room itself was not huge and bathroom was tight, but everything was spotless and all the expected amenities were there. This is a historic hotel and so it does show some age, but again everything seemed to be maintained well. Breakfast buffet in the Top of the Mark was good and the views are spectacular - not sure what all the other complaints are about. With any buffet arrangement for breakfast, it always pays to eat early. Service was exemplary throughout our stay, but we don't ask for much. Room had a button where you could request maid service and housekeeping seemed to always clean our room shortly after we activated the light. The local town car service is a big plus and when we came down early Sunday morning to hail a cab to the airport, the hotel offered their town car for $45 - roughly the same cost of a cab. This hotel is a San Francisco classic.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MichelleZG
<Content>Nice hotel, small rooms The Mark Hopkins is a lovely hotel in the Nob Hill district. A deluxe room is only about 350 sq. feet, but was clean and comfortable. The staff at the front desk were not overly friendly.If you book through the hotel's website, do like I did and check back often to see if rates come down the closer you get to your check in date. I called the hotel twice for rate reductions when they were offering the same room I booked with significant discounts each time.A visit to the historic Top of the Mark is a must as the views of the city on a clear night are beautiful. One night when my date and I visited the bar at 12:30AM, we were turned away despite a posted closing time of 1:00AM. This was a little frustrating. We found out the next night they wanted to close early to get ready for the brunch crowd the next morning.Overall, a stay at the Mark Hopkins will not disappoint.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>jacks28
<Content>An elegant home in San francisco I am told that the hotel was completed the day that Wall Street crashed and whether this is true or not the hotel has the confidence and appearance of the 20's. See the frescos in the conference rooms - one can almost hear the flappers.The hotel is comfortable, the staff pleasant and the structure impressive. It is elegant, the ground floor flooded with light and sparkle. The rooms, and mine was mid-range, was comfortable, though it took me some time to find the light switches. The top-of-the-mark, is fun. Most nights there is entertainment, a piano, a singer and of course, impressive views in each and every direction over the city. I have stayed in a number of hotels in San Francisco. This one will become my home. The Top-of-the-Mark, a haunt. I recommend this hotel and all who work there. The lifts I am told are slow buy hey it's a 1920s building and I, for one, would not wish it to be any different.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RozzieK
<Content>Love the Bar       View from the Bar  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>JedH
<Content>Historic hotel, great customer service We stayed for one night after an international flight. We were so tired we stayed at the hotel for most of tour stay. We booked directly.We have ambassador status and our upgrade request was honored.1) Rooms 4/5 - This was a historic hotel and the rooms were designed that way with modern conveniences. The bathrooms had marble floors and granite tops. I did not like the tub area because it looked old. The views were great. The room was not as large even with the upgrade. 2) Customer service 5/5 - it was excellent, they checked us in early at 9 am. Porters were busy but tried to help as much as they can. Their concierge was helpful with directions and arranged an airport limo which was the same price as a cab ride.3) Location 4/5 - excellent and safe but it was difficult to walk around due to the steep incline. Otherwise, Nob hill is a good place to be.Overall, if you like historic hotels, this is one of them. Customer service is great and the views are one of the best in San Francisco.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>TravelinGal79
<Content>Loved this Hotel! Wow! My boyfriend and I stayed here for one night during our travels in San Francisco. We actually got a great deal on the room through Priceline the morning of our stay! We were extremely pleasantly surprised with this beautiful hotel and had a hard time leaving too!The staff there went above and beyond for us during our stay with recommending a fantastic sushi restaurant down the hill and even arranging for our very own car service to take us to the Italian District! I swear we felt like we had won some contest!I would love to stay here again if we are ever back in the city and would highly recommend to anyone!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gisymar
<Content>Great location - more business then pleasure       A view of San Francisco  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	3	4	2	

<Author>JQWD
<Content>Worth the price? I just returned from a business trip to my favorite city. The Mark Hopkins is a lovely old hotel at the top of Nob Hill. My room overlooked Grace Cathedral from the fourth floor. The views from the top floors and in particular the Top of the Mark restraurant and bar are awe inspiring. And the nice part is that you can enjoy the Top of the Mark without incurring the cost of the room! The cable car goes right by the hotel on California Street so you have excellent options for getting to/from Fisherman's Wharf and Union Square. The latter is within walking distance but the walk back to the hotel is all uphill. And they are very steep hills!!The room was clean, small but well appointed. The internet connection efficient. And I was able to extend my check out time with no problem. If you are going for a meeting in one of their meeting rooms, where a jacket! You will be cold. The food was excellent. There are so many wonderful hotels to chose from in San Francisco and the Mark Hopkins is one. That said, I would not spend my own money (because of the cost/value) on a stay there.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>WB3
<Content>Top Marks for Top of the Mark Located on Nob Hill, this hotel is the works for spectacular views of San Francisco.I was lucky to have a room on the 17th floor with fanatastic views. The staff could not have been more helpful from check-in to departure. The Club Lounge on the ground floor was a relaxing space to read the newspaper and enjoy an evening night cap. The lounge staff were attentive and helpful (explaining where to catch the best sunsets and how to travel to particular tourist points).The Top of the Mark restaurant is a must with far reaching views while you tuck into breakfast!I enjoyed a very comfortable two night stay and would recommend this hotel and its staff!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>liltravelbuddy
<Content>Big price for just so-so First the hotel confirmed a price which was much lower than the one advertised. When I called to make sure this wasn't a mistake, they resent a confirmation email. Then when I arrived they quoted the original high price and would not honor their confirmation. The rooms are small for what you pay especially if you get a room at either end of the building. The location is nice for the view but not convenient for getting around the city. The work out area was pretty basic. I would not recommend this place in general.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	1	2	2	

<Author>travelingrules
<Content>Lovely Hotel on the Top of the Hill Despite the annoying check-in where the young front desk girl tried to pawn off a king room despite my two doubles request several times until I had to show her my printout, the stay was overall pleasant. Her manager remedied the situation within two seconds and got me the room I had reserved. The bell men and valet were extremely pleasant and helpful. The lobby, of course, is gorgeous. The room is small but well done. Beautiful large granite bathrooms with brass fixtures. The beds were super comfortable with luxurious linens. Top of the Mark is always fun for a couple cocktails and the view. Pretty much what you would expect from a Hotel of this caliber. Parking charge is ridiculous, as most hotel parking is in San Francisco. No big surprise there. The walk to Union Square downhill is the easy part. Coming back? Not so much, but good exercise.You pay a little more at the Mark for everything, but it is a nice place to stay when you can catch a decent rate.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	2	3	3	

<Author>Cain097
<Content>Top of the Hill Very nice hotel. The rooms were not very large but nicely appointed with great views of the city. Stayed for our 3rd honeymoon and not disappointed. However, this is definitely an expensive hotel with parking fees of $50 per night. Another warning, this is at the top of Nob Hill, which is very steep. The cable car which passes directly in front of the hotel is $5 per ride.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>clarklynch
<Content>Beware of overbooking Beautiful hotel but obviously overbooked during summer. The managers stated comment to our party was most people use the other bed only for their luggage. The comment was in response to not having two double bed room available even after specifically requesting a room with two beds. A roll away alternative is NOT a welcome response. Although the staff is purported to have excellent customer service, this was not our experience (four adults).Having traveled extensively I was disappointed in the service, but pleased with the hotel's grandeur and location.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	4	4	1	3	4	

<Author>srubio76
<Content>Stay across the street at the Fairmont Hotel Architechturally the hotel is beautiful but the staff does not live up to professional standards. I have stayed in Intercontinental Hotels across the world and after my personal experience at this hotel I would never recommend it to anyone nor will I ever stay at another Intercontinental property. I recommend the Fairmont across the street.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>Live2Travel95616
<Content>Ideal San Francisco Experience We spent our anniversary weekend at the Mark Hopkins. Never having stayed there, but having heard about it my whole life, my expectations were dangerously high. I am pleased to report that the hotel met or exceeded my expectations in every way. The location is very convenient--at the intersection of all three cable car lines--but atop serene and civilized Nob Hill. (Do get a transit pass, by the way--at $5.00 a ride the cable car fares really add up fast). The hotel is old but perfectly maintained, and has all the charm and character you could hope for. Our room, a corner on the 11th floor, was outfitted with all the luxuries you would expect, and more (like an umbrella, clever two-way shades in the bathroom so you could see out but no one could see in, and the newpaper (NY Times, no less) delivered in a cloth bag on your doorknob.) The bed was top-notch, and the bathroom was luxurious and spacious. A small but thoughtful touch: your room key holder has a handy folding city map attached. The Top of the Mark bar is justifiably world famous, and as a hotel guest the cover charge is waived.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MLloydSalem,IL
<Content>A Great Hotel The ICMH is a great city hotel offering the ombiance of old Nob HIll. The location was handy, the hotel staff more than helpful and the breakfast at the Top of the Mark inviting. We spent three days as we visited the City by the Bay and found the hotel perfect in every way.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lasfloras
<Content>nice hotel at the top of a big hill       a standard room  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PackRat08
<Content>Nice hotel - very efficient I stayed at this hotel June 18-22 for a conference and I have to say it was very well organized, clean and the staff were helpful and nice and the check in and check out were both very efficient.I would stay here again, it is walking distance to Union Square, on the main road for the trolley and close to china town and you can easily get around.One thing I really liked is that on the card holder for your room key, there's a little map with common directions and a little map on the other site to help you locate the main places to visit and I used it quite often.It's a very popular hotel for weddings, conferences and just tourists in general and seemed very well managed.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sameoldg2
<Content>Worn I live in the bay area but had to be in SF early in the morning so I decided to get a room using Priceline. I had never been to the Mark Hopkins, but I have high expectations for the Intercontinental brand. Sadly, this hotel doesn't live up to those expectations. I unfortunately was given a smoking room (and Priceline was less than accommodating, but that's another story). The room itself had a fantastic view of downtown, but it was quite worn - there were scoff marks on the wall, it could have really used a paint job, and the cleaning was really bad - there were some almonds on the floor and a loooong hair on one of the towels (for whatever reason, finding other people's hair always creeps me out).Overall, the furnishings were adequate, but not up to par for this class of hotel. As for location, while this area is well-served by transit, it is not exactly a union square area or downtown hotel - Nob Hill is a significant trek from Market.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Traveller325
<Content>Had wonderful time Stayed at the Mark Hopkins on Mother's Day weekend. The room was clean, comfortable and welcoming. Although we did not partake of the special Mother's Day Brunch, we did have a beautiful breakfast buffet in the lobby dining room. One other day the same type of breakfast buffet was served at the Top of the Mark and the view just made the whole thing better! We did call room service twice and the service was very good. I thought the staff was friendly and, quite honestly, that was my one worry beforehand because 6-7 years ago, the front desk staff was pretty darn snooty. But not anymore. We were very pleased and felt welcome. We had no problems getting around...cable cars stop right at the corner...and all-in-all we just had a nice, relaxing time. We would definitely stay at the Mark Hopkins again. It's a beautiful hotel in our favorite American city....what else could we ask for?  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>BabsSC
<Content>Great San Francisco weekend We are fortunate enough to be close to SF to come up for the night, this night being in celebration of my in-laws 50th wedding anniversary. We wanted to do something special and stay somewhere they would NEVER stay themselves. I picked the Mark Hopkins for the history, location and also The Top of the Mark bar/restaurant.Our check in was flawless, had rooms next to each other on the 11th floor, facing Grace Cathedral (was supposed to be bay view) but didn't want to complain w/the in-laws along. We wanted an effortless experience. Rooms had great big beds, way comfy! Great mini-bar which of course hubby had to have the probably $8 Corona..whatever. Ordered champagne and strawberries in room to celebrate, then up to the Top of the Mark for a drink before dinner. Beautiful view...wow! Even with a little fog on the fringes, gorgeous! The only downside was that they seem to have no dress code up there. I guess I thought it was a classy place and dressed accordingly. We sat next to a girl wearing what I think was a handkerchief, really...you could see way too much...I'm not a prude, really. Just couldn't believe someone would dress like that in SF..Anyways, after dinner (which was not at the hotel but the Jardiniere), back up to the Top of the Mark for a nightcap. No cover charge if you show them your room key!Great jazz band, hubby and I danced (even w/his broken toe). They sat us at a great corner bench and table. The view would have been amazing but the fog came in hard and fast. So what...still gorgeous view.All in all I would recommend this hotel. Everyone and everything was above board and I felt like I DID get my moneys worth. Inlaws were impressed so our weekend was a success!I booked directly with the hotel and got a pretty good rate.I definitely left my heart in SF...about 25 years ago! Keep coming back. Have traveled all over the world and this is one of my favorite places! Make sure you walk down California to Grant and see Chinatown. Fun!  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kuuner
<Content>You DON"T get what you pay for You don't get what you pay for. This is a very very expnsive hotel for the ammenities you get. I spent $13.00 for a one page facsimile in their business center!I spent $50 bucks a night to park my car in the hotel.I spent $24 bucks for a drink in their bar.If money is not an object, it's a beautiful hotel. It's conveniently located. Service is not bad but not 4 star that's for sure. The rooms are not bad but a bit on the small side. The food is decent. Their brunch is good and of course...very expensive.There are better places for the money that I will stay at next time unless there is some special pricing going on here.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	2	3	1	

<Author>LynetteR
<Content>A very pleasant surprise!! Others had mentioned that the Mark Hopkins treats their Priceline customers as not their customers, and gives them smoking rooms at street level only. This was not our experience at all. I had seen the reviews, and went in armed with the knowledge that though I did purchase the reservation from Priceline, I am still their customer. The hotel choses to offer their rooms on Priceline, so saying that Priceline customers are not their customers is completely false. I was ready for a fight... my husband has a respiratory condition, and staying in a smoking room would have made both of us VERY miserable. I walked up to the front desk, and the nice gentleman greeted me. I said I was checking in... he pulled my info up, and asked right away if I wanted a smoking or non-smoking room, king or two queens room. Then he offered to put us in a corner room with a view... AND then he offered to put us in a suite if we didn't mind a smoking room. I said No Thank You to that, but took the corner room on the third floor. We had an amazing view downhill towards Union Square. He never mentioned once that we were only Priceline customers... it was all handled very professionally, like I was a high roller in there. I was very surprised, and pleased.And, you ABSOLUTELY MUST have brunch or cocktails at The Top of the Mark... there is not a better view of the entire city than from up there. I do hope Priceline gives us this hotel again!!!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>MrLucky1950
<Content>Stylish, extremely comfortable       Solarium  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LIBERTADTODO
<Content>I.C.M.H. is GREAT! I really like the InterContinental Mark Hopkins. It's nice, clean, quiet. Much as I'd expect by a four star San Francisco hotel: which indeed it is. The rooms are small, but guess what.... it's San Francisco, what hotel room isn't small? But the lack of space was more then enough made up by the COMFORTABLE BED! The bedding is truly heavenly: two thumbs up! And yes dear readers... I am well traveled and have spent many a night in four and five star hotels.I will recommend this hotel to all who want a fantastic location in San Francisco: central, walking distance to everything, safe neighborhood. And, the gym is good (used it everyday)!Thank you I.C.M.H. for a great stay and for letting me check in six hours early when in bad weather. :)  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>EarlyRisersMate
<Content>Stay away - this once classy hotel has gone completely downhill My husband and I stayed for two nights this time and cut our stay short because we were so disgusted with the shoddy treatment we'd gotten. To add insult to injury, they charged a early departure penalty of $50. We've stayed here at least a dozen times in the past for business and pleasure while visiting family and friends in SF, but we couldn't wait to get out of there and will never stay again. The last straw was the programmed wake-up call at 4:30AM (!!) that we did not request. The wake-up call had the feel of 鈥渟pit in soup鈥?because we knew immediately that it was set by 鈥淐hristina鈥?at the front desk, who had refused to get us a FEDEX box for shipping materials home the night before. Rather than following up, she had us call several times, kept us waiting for almost an hour, and even evaded calls. Ultimately when she refused to get us a box from the business center, we expressed our dissatisfaction. The wake-up call was no coincidence. An incorrect wake-up call is very rare if hotel staff is well-trained. The reason is that 2 guests will be very upset if the wake-up call is wrong--the one who could miss his/her flight and the one who didn鈥檛 want to be wakened.In general, if you're looking for service of any kind, you can forget it. You'll be lucky if anyone picks up the phone when you call. On the first night, we tried calling the receptionist, concierge, housekeeping, bellmen, and the operator (letting the phone ring easily 10 times or more each try) before my husband had to go downstairs to find someone to help us out--we needed towels and a luggage rack. (We'd hate to think of how this plays out if there's a real emergency.) An hour later, we got them. As a result, when we arrived upstairs at the famous Top of The Mark bar and restaurant to get a bite to eat, the kitchen had closed 15 minutes earlier.Other annoyances鈥攚e heard lots of noise from the room next to us and from in the halls, the toilets don't flush properly, the coffee machine takes 45 minutes to brew, no bellman at the door in the morning when we wanted to catch a taxi, and an outrageous $51 to park a car and $13 for the internet.While the hotel has been renovated in recent years, without good service, the hotel has lost it's classiness. We will not stay here again, and we're telling our friends, family, and colleagues to stay away. The Mark Hopkins staff's poor treatment of guests is inexcusable.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	1	1	1	

<Author>staccatoprince
<Content>very nice but not many options it's a lovely property and everything looks great, the lobby isn't very big. when you walk in you're greeted with the same service as any other place like a hyatt or a westin nothing special. The rooms are average size and pleasantly decorated- everything in a standard room is first rate including the marble bathroom and the minibar: it's not that there's much WRONG with the mark hopkins it's just that for almost 400 per night, you would expect more dining options and services. there is ONE restaurant for all meals, and One (albeit lovely at night) bar on top of the mark. the bar is kindof a snobby scene but pleasant and glamorous- if you're used to spending 15 dollars for a well martini which i know some people are. and the hotel itself is located in cathedral square: the TOP of nob hill walking to and from the square and downtown is a bit of a trek- hell even in a cab on the way up it feels steep. It's nice, nothing egregiously wrong with the place very classy, but not quite worth it. they do have 24 hr room service though which can be fortunate for some travelers unlike most hotels where it ends at midnight.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>apjuk
<Content>I used to believe in second chances.... This was my second visit to the Mark Hopkins. I stayed here last year with my partner and never imagined I would experience the same problems all over again!Last year I booked directly with Intercontinental and was assigned a substandard room when I clearly booked and paid a lot of money for a high level room with a Financial District view. After much huffing  puffing on my part I was eventually assigned the room that I had paid for. I had hoped this was an oversight last year, but I was annoyed to return a year later to encounter the same experience leads me to believe this hotel has some staff in needs of some serious training issues in guest relations and hotel hospitality!As I was arriving late (11pm), I had emailed the hotel directly 2 weeks in advance to confirm my reservation and to ensure that the hotel knew I would be arriving late. My email was answered by Guest Relations and I was welcomed back to the hotel as a returning client. On arrival, check-in was less than welcoming and I was not welcomed as a Platinum level Priority Club account holder. I was also, rather rudely, informed that the hotel was full 鈥?why should this concern me? Despite requesting a high floor and having booked and paid for a superior room via Venere.com at $350 a night without tax, I was allocated a room on the 4th floor facing the street. This was not the best start to a holiday after a 20 hour journey. The 5th floor room also had dirty towels lying on the bed. I returned to reception to complain and was told that I would need to speak to a manager. I questioned whether the room allocated was indeed a superior room which was confirmed as such although having stayed in the hotel before I find that hard to believe. I commented on the dirty towels on the bed and stated that the room was unacceptable and did not match my booking. The only response from the on duty manager was a smirk and an 鈥淥ops鈥?in regard to the dirty towels. He also told me that the hotel was full. Was this supposed to excuse the fact that I was allocated a room that was unsatisfactory? I never received any apology. Eventually I was allocated a smoking room on the 9th floor 鈥?my booking and my Priority Club profile clearly states a non-smoking preference. Reluctantly, I accepted this for one night as I was very tired from travelling and it was now almost midnight local time. On the second night I was moved to a non-smoking room on the 11th floor with the proper view, at my request. Overall, I was very disappointed with the service that I received at the hotel and was given the general feeling that the staff were doing me a favour by accommodating me for something that I had already paid for! My subsequent stay at the new Intercontinental San Francisco was a completely different, and better, experience and I will never again return to stay at the Mark Hopkins.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>wrks1ders
<Content>Beware Online Bookers Don't book your stay via any online site as the Inter Continental Mark Hopkins San Francisco will not treat you as their customer. The staff said you are not our customer and if you don't like it complane to Priceline. Priceline of course says that they do not help their customers, that you need to deal with the hotel. I not only will never stay there again, will never use priceline again, but I intend to make sure everyone I meet knows how poorly these two companies treat the people who do business with them.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>SaffronLover
<Content>Excellent hotel at the top of the hill I got a room here on a Priceline bid. I would not have paid the full price on my own, but this turned out to be a great place to stay for less money than I would have paid for a lesser hotel. Gotta love Priceline. The hotel is centrally located and a quick walk to Union Square and tons of restaurants. It鈥檚 a classy place catering to people with money and nicer and more intimate than the Fairmout across the street. As a business traveler, I found the connection to the Internet to be quite expensive and never found an Internet caf茅 closeby. Tried to do all my emails in 10 minutes for $10. Sheesh. The room was big enough. Not huge, but just right for one person. The beds were great with terrific linens. The bathrooms were clad with marble. They put me on the 7th floor at the back of the hotel, away from the street noise, so it was quiet. The room looked over the bay and the Transamerica tower so it wasn鈥檛 like I was looking at wall of another building as you are at the top of Nob Hill. I walked down to Sears Fine Foods for breakfast each day. Walking back up the steep hill worked off those delicious pancakes and French toast, though I could have taken a cable car to within a block of the hotel. I really liked that the clock radio had a CD player built in as I always bring music along. I would definitely stay there again if the price was right.The hill is steep, so if you can鈥檛 walk much, you might try something close in but downtown. Walking up and down that hill is serious exercise.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	5	1	

<Author>Gutrose
<Content>Really Nice Nob Hill Hotel! We got this hotel for a steal on Priceline. We could not have been happier and it is a TRUE 4 star hotel. It is true that internet is not included, and that is annoying. But overall, this hotel is certainly top of the line in most other ways. I would 100% stay here again. It was in a great location to catch public transportation and it was also a good jumping point for exploring the city.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>New2Cal
<Content>Good for business travel I stayed at this hotel for two nights during a recent business trip. My colleague and I were attending a seminar being held at the Fairmont SF on Nob Hill. The Mark Hopkins is directly across the street from the Fairmont but rooms were available for about $60/night less. The Mark Hopkins is a classically decorated, stately hotel. For the most part, it is in very good repair with the exception of the windows which were rather loose in the casings and did not provide good sound insulation from the street down below. Good touches include wireless in the rooms, available for a fee, a well-stocked mini-bar (somewhat better than usual), and 24-hr room service. One thing I really have to mention because it's a personal pet peeve of mine is the in room coffee. This hotel has a dedicated station with one of the best stocked supplies of sugar (including sugar in the raw), dry creamers, coffee and tea. I always run out of creamer at other hotels and really dislike when the coffee pot is in the bathroom. This was a nice touch. Ironically, our colleagues who were staying at the pricier Fairmont reported that they had no coffee in their rooms at all. Service is very good at the hotel. The door staff in particular were very good, including providing access to the town car for local restaurant trips on a couple of occasions. Desk staff were good and accommodated our need to check out later in the day owing to the illness of my colleague. Downsides are that this is an older hotel with sash windows that lack screens and do not lock. I would not stay there with small children. More importantly, the street is very noisy. I was staying on one of the lower floors (around 4) and was bothered by the street noise. It is worthwhile to pay a little extra for an upgraded business room on a higher floor. My business associate was around the 10th floor and was not bothered by the street noise. Her room was about $20 more per night. I would stay here again for business in this part of town (on a higher floor) but not for personal travel.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	3	5	4	

<Author>GemmaB1982
<Content>We got engaged in San Francisco!       Outside the Mark Hopkins  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Traveler1A
<Content>Good overall, great service BUT nickel'd dime The hotel is centrally located- all of the major attractions of San Francisco are easily accessible from the hotel by car, public transportation, walking, or taxi, e.g. Fisherman's Wharf, etc. The top of the hotel also has a great view of the city- it s on top of the hill and is the highest building in the area. Just as a fyi, it is a steep hill so be prepared but then so is most of San Francisco. The service is also excellent- from the bellhops to room service to the Top of the Mark. BUT be prepared to pay for that service. The parking is reasonably priced relative to the area- there is cheaper parking just around the block so you can save money that way but lose the valet service- your call. While all (or most) hotels have a room service fee, the Mark Hopkins adds an additional 15% gratuity to your room service automatically- no discretion. Maybe they like to ensure their room service gets their fair due but it is a bit much to force you to pay what is considered discretionary. If the rationale is that guests might not know what to tip and this is a way to help with that, a better way that is less presumptuous would be to do what many other establishments do- put on the bill the suggested tip by percent (e.g. 15%, 18%, 20%)- that way if you are unsure of what to tip, you can see what is suggested and decide for yourself as opposed to being forced to tip- it'd be like when you are at a restaurant for 2 and the bill comes with the tip included- it's a bit presumptuous of the waiter to tell you how good their service is. While other parts of the world may include gratuity in the bill, that is not so here in the US barring a large party or something similar.The biggest complaint though is that they make you pay for internet service...per computer. Yes, they make you pay for internet service- that is being nickel'd dimed. It is not complimentary and instead of a per room access charge, it is a per computer access charge. So if you have 2 laptops, you pay per laptop. For a 4 star hotel, this is simply unacceptable- when motels give you free internet access, you know there is something wrong when you have to pay for basic service here. It is not as if the internet access is secured wireless, it is simply wireless (and ethernet) that you have to pay. While the charge itself is not much, it is too much to pay for something so basic now-a-days, especially for a 4 star hotel. Just for comparison, as someone else mentioned, the Fairmont across the street provides free wireless. Hell, the coffee shop across the street offers free internet. This left an unpleasant taste in my mouth- if it wasn't for this, my rating would have been at least 1 star more. It's one of those little things that just annoys...Other than those things, the overall experience was great- the view and service was very good. And if you book through hotwire they do provide you with the option to upgrade (to an higher floor) for a small fee (it would still be less expensive than if you paid full price so it would still be a fair deal).  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>McHenryDad
<Content>Check your bill Stayed here on business two nights. First night was fine. Room is small but cushy, nice view, hyper-priced internet connection. Hotel bar upstairs also has beautiful view, high prices, lousy service. Second night checked out at 4am to catch plane back to Chicago. Printer wasn't working, so they promised to e-mail me a bill. 3 weeks later, still no bill. I had to fax a request! Got my bill: they had added over $200 to the second night's price. After 6 more weeks of calling, I finally got it reversed. If you are rich and don't know any better, this hotel is fine. If you care about service try someplace else.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	4	3	1	2	2	

<Author>marek1978
<Content>If you like walking uphill :) We got this hotel from priceline for a very reasonable price so it wasn't our choice, but it turned to be avery nice base for city excursions. The hotel itself is maintained in an early 20 century style, the rooms are large (I mean comparing to European standards all romms in US are huge ;)) ) and well furnished, the views are spectacular as the hotel is on one of the highest spots in town. Cable car stops just outside front door on the other hand most of the cities attractions are in walking distance, although walkin up and down the hill may be painful. Breakfast is expensive (over $30 per person) but very good, you can find healthy food besides bacon, beans and sausages ;)  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>rideonchance
<Content>love the mark hopkins!! i just returned a few days ago from a 5 day stay at the mark hopkins. this is such a nice hotel, one of the finest i have stayed in. the bed was perfect, high quality linens, down mattress, down pillows, very comfortable for a great nights sleep. i was very sick with a cold, the front desk was very helpful in finding anything i needed. the food at the top of the mark, a must go to place on the top floor with a fantastic veiw of san francisco, food was very good, breakfast was expensive, but perfect. early morning sun on the water and sky line was worth the $63!!the colors throughout were calm and elegant. the service was truly what you expect in a hotel of this price range. this was my first trip to san francisco, as much as i have traveled, i can not beleive i overlooked this gem of a city. cable car (california line) runs in front of the hotel. go to china town, eat at the great eastern on jackson, best mongolian beef ever!i could taste it with a bad cold. go the extra expense, stay at the mark hopkins. i will again.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ALLISONMidland
<Content>Continues grest service Mark Hopkins Hotel San Francisco---January 23- 27, 2008The Mark Hopkins continues to give great service to it's hotel guests. We have been guest at the hotel in the month of January for years. One of the reasons we visit San Francisco is to stay at the Mark Hopkins. We have found the complete staff very constant in providing excellent service to us as well as other guest we have sent there. Always prompt, always professional and friendly. Through the years we see the hotel keeps their rooms fresh and up to date. It is our opinion the hotel is somewhat understated and quietly delivers excellent service, very clean rooms, excellent service and a fantastic location. We use the hotel web site to get very good rates and never disappointed with our room selection. Sometimes we are given up-grades which is always appreciated. There seems to be a sincere welcome when you first arrive; starting with the doorman and front desk. We also find the cosigner desk very helpful and patient. The room service is also very efficient and prompt. We have learned not to have a car in San Francisco--no parking and expensive and it is very expensive at the hotel. Not a inexpensive place to stay, but a great value. Stay there and I bet you will agree.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>1	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>moonflower68
<Content>We loved it; will stay again My husband and I just stayed at the Mark Hopkins for 5 nights. Having booked via Hotwire and read many complaints from other Hotwire/Priceline guests here, I was braced for possible negative treatment and attitude. However, we experienced nothing negative and thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Mark Hopkins. We'll be happy to return.All the staff we encountered were pleasant, friendly, courteous and ready to help (with one minor exception that's not worth detailing here). We felt that most everyone, from the bellhops to the housekeeping staff, demonstrated good training and a friendly service attitude.We had booked a standard room but, since we were staying 5 nights, we were pleased that we were given a corner room that was a little larger than a typical standard and had lovely city views on two sides. It was well-appointed and quite comfortable for our stay, and we had no problems with noise. The Nob Hill location is splendid, making for easy walks to Chinatown, North Beach, Union Square and other areas of interest. Walking the hills is fun -- just wear good walking shoes and take a cab when hauling luggage. We had a great time and would be happy to stay at the Mark Hopkins again.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Bmama88
<Content>5 Star service without the Attitude!~ We are a family of 5 with 3 small children, usually 5 star hotels or small boutique hotel dont always let us feel welcome......We booked this hotel after I saw it on travel channel, the room is good size , clean, bed is comfy, but since the hotel is older , I think the AC just blew on one side of the room, We love the size of our bathroom, but they can improved of the toiletries. Aside from that, we love this place, they have the 5 star concierge without the 5 star attitude !! We asked information on shuttle to the fishermen's wharf but didnt make reservation, when we arrived at lobby, we decided to change our plan and take the hotel shuttle, the conciege greeted me with my name and said he had a limo reserved for me, keep in mind I NEVER made the reservation! The Limo came though the front in less than 5 minute, again the chauffer greeted us with OUR NAME again, introduce himself and gave us a bit of the history of the place we were going. If you are just looking for a luxury hotel, there is plenty in SF with the price tag, but Mark Hopkins tops my chart for customer service, their well train friendly staff made us felt like home.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>PNWShawn
<Content>Still one of the best places in SF       View from the  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>yiching
<Content>Cardiovascular Challenge I stayed here in October 2007 and booked a room through Priceline. I have to say I really don't have much to add that hasn't already been said. Pros: Great View, Elegant Setting, Good Location if you want ot be near Chinatown and Union Square. Cons: Rooms are nice but not quite up to 4 star standards, they nickel and dime you for everything (but just like every other SF hotel), and be prepared to walk. Since you're at the very top of a hill, you will be walking straight uphill if you're coming from just about any tourist destination. I am a 40 year old with above average fitness who runs 5K 3X a week. I made the stupid mistake of deciding to take the BART in from SFO and then walking to the hotel. With a suitcase in tow and a laptop on my back, I made it but definitely gave my heart a good stress test!  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>courtchick54
<Content>beautiful hotel but not even close to the hype this is the least expensive hotel we stayed at on our honeymoon in sonoma, monterey and san francisco. however, the staff and especially the front desk people acted like that place was 5+ stars and acted like it was OUR pleasure to stay there and they were just there to appease us. i felt like we were being looked down the nose at on several occasions. room was nice, great view and very clean and up to date. bed was big and fluffy. the only amenity we found was the two squares of ghirardeli chocolate placed on the pillows in the evening. if you want to be around beautiful people and a 24/7 blur of busy-ness and activity then here it is.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>amy221
<Content>NIce place so-so service Decent rate ($159) Hotel is beautiful. Rooms are nice, clean and comfortable. Parking at $50 is really insane, and had to wait 20min for them to even get our car out of the garage!Service- poor in every restaurant and every staff member we spoke with. My guess is they are very underpaid? for example- staring at you waiting to finish your meal so they could clean up at closing time on the dot. Never asking to refill coffee, no water- and then got annoyed if you asked (this covers the 3 we ate at)Still the good far outweighs the bad, it's an elegant comfortable hotel, the rooms even at lower levels are great and have good views.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	2	4	

<Author>blah114
<Content>Classic Hotel with Modern Amenities Upscale lobby, restaurant, great food, service, classy hotel. Only worth it if you can get a deal. The top restaurant (top floor) is outstanding and has a great dance scene where the locals apparently dine out and dance. Very upscale, dinner dress/suit type of deal. Nice staff, elegant, marble lobby, old world charm in a modern hotel. The celebrities stay here, like Connery and others, and for no wonder. Highly recommend this place to anyone staying in SF for business or pleasure. Very expensive overall, but very exclusive, private, quiet, and accomodating staff above all. Well-run place, we loved the place.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>VanGogh2
<Content>Never Again The pluses were a great view from my 17th fl. room, including a huge window in the bathroom, great bellhop, very clean room, great location and nice toiletries. Negatives are many. Called the concierge, got an answering machine. After 4 days when I checked out, there had been no call back. Room was sterile/grim. Not enough light to read in sitting room. Too much junk on surfaces, so had to work around a Bose radio, permanently attached to bedside table, to find a spot for my glasses and a book. Not enough space to unpack our clothes. Breakfast and lunch were ONLY available at a buffet. The only way to get any information was to call the hotel operator. No one else answered a phone. Surly doorman. Power assisted toilet (on the other side of the wall from the bed) sounded like a jet plane, even when the bathroom door was closed. Expensive internet connection. Would have immediately checked out but there was an early check out fee! Had breakfast and used the spa at the Fairmount Hotel across the street. Top of the Mark bar is rather sad.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	3	1	3	

<Author>stardustlane
<Content>Pleasant, but not Amazing I reserved a room at the Mark Hopkins using the Priceline website and got a great deal on a room. After reading some of the reviews from other readers, I figured that we wouldn't be given the nicest of rooms, and I was fairly on target with that. We were assigned to a room on the third floor with a view of the rooftop venting duct system. To be fair, if you stood to the left of the window and looked diagonally to the right, you could see downtown and a glimpse of the water - but it was a stretch.The room was nice, other than the view. The bed was very comfortable, the temperature controls were good, and the room seemed to be in good shape (a little wallpaper peeling in the bathroom, but not much). The room came with a mini-bar, private safe, large closet, and two comfy robes. The bathroom wasn't that well equipped - just one thin glass shelf to put your personal items on and no other counter space to speak of. Also, they supply you with just two bath towels - you have to call housekeeping if you need more. Check-in went smoothly, although it was kind of funny because the receptionist mentioned the fact that we had booked on Priceline just before she assigned our room. We figured there was a connection! :) The concierge services were very helpful, and the staff in general in and around the front desk seemed to always be willing to provide a recommendation. Extra services - WiFi costs $12/day. There's no included continental breakfast. You can get the NY Times, but if you opt out you get a 50 cent discount per weekday on your room. We tried to get into the exercise room and the business center, but our room keys wouldn't open the door, and we figured it was too much of a hassle to worry about it. There's an Intercontinental Club Lounge that looked like it added some nice services, but if you want to use it you need to have special membership status or be willing to fork out $60 per day. Top of the Mark - First off, if you're staying in the hotel and want to go to the Top of the Mark during their peak hours, just take the elevator to the lobby and then go back up. The elevators that go up to the restaurant pretty much don't stop on the other floors - they go straight from the lobby to the top. Second, they are busy at the Top of the Mark. When we went, there was a huge crowd in the lobby waiting for tables. The hostess was predicting very long wait times (we were told 25 to 35 minutes for a table in the bar) and lots of people were leaving. We actually got a table in the restaurant after waiting less than ten minutes, so it seems they lost some business that night just by over-estimating the wait. Also, we asked the hostess if we could get a phone call when a table was available as we were staying in the hotel, but she refused. That didn't seem like terribly great service for a nice hotel.We had drinks at the Top of the Mark and they were nice. The waitstaff was also nice. Location - the location is great. There is a very large hill to deal with (Powell), but it's very close to Union Square, walking distance to China Town and a short cable car ride to Fisherman's Wharf.Summary: We really had a pretty nice stay here, but the extra costs they ding the guests with really add up and start making me question why I would choose to spend full price on a room there. Instead, I could pay the same price for a much more inclusive boutique hotel. It was definitely worth it for the Priceline price - no doubt. If I had paid full price, I likely would have been very disappointed.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>theflan1
<Content>Overcharged even though I booked through their website!!! My husband and I got engaged at the Mark Hopkins three years ago. Because we had fond memories of it, we decided to stay there for Thanksgiving weekend. I booked the reservation through their website for $159 per night and when we first checked in the guy at the front desk made me sign a paper that showed a rate of $220 per night. He assured me that it would be fixed before my credit card was charged. And surprise, surprise, when I checked my credit card statement it showed the $220 per night charge! (Not to mention the $50 per night parking charge)After arguing on the phone and via email with the accountant and manager he finally realized that I was right and credited my card the difference. Also, they don't have a proper restaurant in the hotel. The Top of The Mark has a great view, but it's not really a restaurant. Also, the service is horrendous! I've never seen so many unhappy people serving martinis. Next time we'll stay elsewhere!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	5	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>Blaize76
<Content>Affordable elegance! My room was comfortable and tastefully decorated. The beds were incredibly comfortable and my view was spectacular. The convenient location to restaurants, Union Square and cable car stops makes the Mark Hopkins a wonderful choice for the leisure and business traveler.The Top of the Mark bar had a wonderful drink selection although some were a little to sweet for my tastes.Staff, including housekeeping, was always so polite and helpful with everything from restaurant to shopping suggestions.I will definitely return to the Mark Hopkins when my travels take me back to SF.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Krissy16250
<Content>Great food and service Not a cheap but what a great hotel!!! The staff and service they provided were second to none. They were cheerful, polite and willing to help. Thanks to the concierge for locating my lost spectacles in a down town store even after we had left for another venue.Our intial room was not satisfactory due to it overlooking a road intersection on which there is a cable car stop, but this was promptly and pleasantly dealt with. We were offered an alternative immediately. Thanks Suzanne you were a star.The rooms are a good size clean and very, very comfortable, with complimentary coffee and tea making facilities.We used both the in hotel dining and room service. Hope you are not on a diet!!!!!! The meal from room service arrived on time and was nicely presented. The champagne Sunday brunch is a must, all you can eat and drink for $26 per person. Would definately stay again and recommend to friends  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CabarrusCVB
<Content>Beautiful Hotel with Elegance and History The experience was smooth and professional from start to finish. The person who booked my room over the phone was eloquent, professional and helpful. when I arrived, the doormen, bellmen, front desk staff, wait staff, and everyone else were all very professional and inviting. The room was clean, neat and well-stocked. Though it was an older building, there was no musty or dusty smell. I had a drink at the legendary Top of the Mark and enjoyed every sip. I love older hotels with charm, so this was a perfect stay for me.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WeLoveNewYork
<Content>Stay across the street at The Fairmont Not as nice as The Fairmont. Also, the guy at the front desk (when we checked out) argued with us when we told him we had not used their parking facilitiy (sooooo expensive) and to take the charge off our bill. He told us he would have to check the surveillance tape and could not trust us! We left, feeling mad -- not the way to exit a vacation in San Francisco! Also, the walls are paper-thin -- we could hear the couple next door having LOUD relations at 3 am in the morning. Embarrassing, because we had our kid with us!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	3	1	3	

<Author>Diva474
<Content>OK Bargain, but not a 4 Star Hotel I used an online discount site (Priceline) and after submitting my request for a 4 Star Room etc I was assigned the Mark Hopkins. Only stayed one night as was in town for office party. Check in was simple (once you were able to get their attention). Since I booked through a discount site, had to call ahead and request double bed smoking room (not guaranteed) and that's the room I got. Sadly, I saw no difference between this room or one at a Hyatt. Actually, looked exactly like a Hyatt room. Was small and basic and a disappointment. Not that the room was awful, but should not be advertised as a 4 Star at all. Would not recommend if your looking for a 4 star room to spoil yourself or do something different, or are accustomed to 4 star lodging. Room service was good, food was delicious but also pricey. Two cheeseburgers with fries= 55.00. Went to the Top of The Mark (hotel rest and bar) for a nightcap but they were shutting down and it wasn't even midnight! Neighborhood is nice, but beware and either take the bus (1 California) or take a cab, because the hills are steep....very steep. Think mountain.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Korin
<Content>Nice stay This hotel is located about 2 blocks from China town and a short walk from Union Square. The cable cars are also about a block away. The rooms were spacious and clean and had good amentities. The staff was not what I expected for this class of hotel. I think the bellman should have been managing the front desk. He had the best pesonality and was most helpful. I would stay here again. The only negative was that the cost did not match the service.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	3	3	1	

<Author>msc40
<Content>not a 4 star my wife and I stayed for 5 days.First nite on 3rd floor with view of everyones roof.Asked for a room change, got a room on 7th floor with good view for balance of stay.Staff was unfriendly at best and only the ones depending on tips seemed to care.Every service cost additional .Parking $45/nite wi-fi in room 12/nite.Would cost $16 in business center to checkin for flight and print boarding passes.Room was small with no storage, bathroom tiny.Had to leave bathroom door closed to access sink area.If I hadn't got the priceline discount,I would have been extremely upset with the rack rate.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nicocb
<Content>So glad I did NOT stay here I just had a horrible customer service experience and did not even stay at this hotel! I was planning to fly up to SF to get engaged this weekend. I booked the hotel earlier in the week. I got a suite and was ready to go. Yesterday a tragic personal event occurred, and I was no longer able to go. I called the reservation desk to cancel, assuming that this would be fine since it is 4 DAYS AWAY. As soon as I tried to cancel, I was put on hold for 5-7 minutes. When she got back on, she told me that with suites you cannot cancel within 30 DAYS! I was LIVID. I told her that first of all NOBODY even mentioned this, and secondly, what other hotel on this planet has this crazy policy? The longest I have EVER heard of is 48 hours, and the other 97% of hotels are 24 hours. She put me on hold for another 5 MINUTES. When she finally came back on the phone she said that they were able to cancel. I am still absolutely furious and I will NEVER stay at this has-been hotel because of this experience.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Aussiegal15
<Content>Great hotel in great city       OUR BEDROOM - MARK HOPKINS  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>love2travel060
<Content>Great Time at the MARK Had a great two days at the Mark Hopkins and found cheaper parking down the street at the Masonic auditorium ($30 per 24 hours) and also at Grace Catherdral ($27 per 24 hours). Asked for flatter pillows after the first night and were given these quickly from house keeping - great service!!! Wireless internet was 12.95 per 24 hours. Did not take the service. Had morning buffet breakfast at the Top of the Mark. It was outstanding.Beautiful views form the top of the mark; get a seat over by the bar - a window seat if you can handle the heights!!! Well worth the few breaths you will lose as you sit there taking in the City.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Khalfani
<Content>Very Good Hotel with Great Views of San Fran Positives: A gorgeous hotel with great customer service.My room had a super comfortable queen bed, a nice bathroom with marble sink and lighted shave mirror, and a pretty good view of the city. I was on the 7th floor.Free high speed internet access. Free gym access. At the very top of the hotel, there is a popular bar restaurant called the Top of the Mark. It features live music several nights a week and offers great views of the city.Negatives: The room was a bit cramped which is why I rated the hotel four instead of five stars. There were only about three feet between the foot of my queen bed and the tv. The front desk offered to switch me to a bigger room with a king bed, but that larger room was on the 2nd floor and did not have as nice of a view as my 7th floor room.I would stay here again and I would recommend this hotel.Be aware that this hotel is at the top of the very steep Nob Hill which means that walking back to the hotel will be a real workout.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>royalmad
<Content>Not worth the price! Stayed at the Mark Hopkins for one night. Upon check-in the staff was rude and unwilling to accomodate our request for a room with two beds. We then had to request a roll-a-way bed twice before it was delivered (which they tried to charge $30 for). With torn window coverings, torn wallpaper, missing light bulbs, and windows that let in a draft, the room was more two star than four. This is the only hotel during our week long San Francisco vacation that I would not recommend.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Kalinka-NYC
<Content>Fine hotel, but for the $$$ we expected more We booked our final nite in San Fran at the Mark Hopkins because we wanted it to be a buffer for end-of-vacation blues. Having researched online (frommers/trip advisor) we picked MH for its views and luxury as well as top of the hill location. We booked a KING room with VIEW (so not the lowest price offering). Upon check in we were informed we'd been given an upgrade to a suite (we figured it was from the Amex Platinum card automatic upgrade feature). So we go to our suite which in on the 16th floor (19th floor is where Top of the mark is). Our suite is this odd shaped room with the bathroom inbetween the bedroom and some weird little glass room that overlooks the roofs mechanical systems and has patio furniture in it (table and 4 chairs). The bathroom is only private if you close the bedroom door and the extra room's door. There were 2 double beds in the room. We booked a King and this upgrade was no upgrade. So we called down and asked to be moved and got a king room on the 14th floor (view looking out toward the bay but mainly saw the Hotel Huntington and that area). We were right in front of the elevator area but we just decided to stay there.The room was pretty small but the king bed was very comfortable, good linens and pillows. Nice bathrobes provided. Turndown service was two ghiradelli squares, no water. Overall the room was nice but not wow. At nite we went up to Top of the Mark for cocktails (we weren't up for the prix fixe menu at 7:30pm). We got there about 7:45pm and had to wait 15 mins to get a table for a drink. We had called the concierge and asked if they could make us a reservation at the Tonga Room over at the Fairmont. The concierge never called us back so after waiting around we called them again and they had not called the restaurant...more waiting for confirmation (we should have just called ourselves but since it was only 2 hours before we wanted to dine over there we thought having the MH call would help land a table). Tonga Room, BTW, is campy and fun.Overall we preferred our stay at the Harbour Court Hotel which is where we did the first half of our vacation and loved that hotel and paid 50% less for the room there. MH feels a little too corporate and if we want to do grand/opulent/luxury we will try the Fairmont or Mandarin next time.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	3	3	2	

<Author>Northern_Rock
<Content>NIce hotel but steep price and steep hill This hotel is reputed in San Franciso to be the #1. For one, the location, right at the top of Nob Hill, is beautiful. However that is also the biggest drawback... The walk back to the hotel is very steep, long and tiring! Unless you drive...Rooms are big, beautiful, clean... nothing unexpected of the Mark Hopkins.The decor, lobby, etc is grand. Staff is quite helpful. Rooms are pricey though.When at the Mark Hopkins, be sure to check out their famous Top of the Mark restaurant. Great ambience, wonderful view, exquisite dining experience.To be honest, I wouldn't stay there again, if only because of the walk up the hill. There are cheaper alternatives, such as the Hotel Mayflower two streets down, at a third of the cost. And you would be able to walk up two streets along the hill to the Top of the Mark, of course!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>rfums2004
<Content>excellent hotel I was in town for a medical convention and stayed at the Mark Hopkins for three nights. I was impressed by the overall elegance of this property. This hotel has all the things I would expect in a first class hotel. There are nice bathrobes in the closet without having to ask housekeeping for them. When my room was made up for the first time, I came back to find that my toiletries had been neatly arranged on a towel on the shelf - this was excellent service. The location was great - plenty of great views. My convention had a shuttle service to the Moscone center, but the cab rides I took back after hours were reasonable ($8 including tip). I did walk from the Hilton back up to the hotel and it was a lot harder than I had estimated.The front desk staff was helpful. No problem checking bags on the last day after I had checked out but still had the conference to attend.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Cooking1
<Content>Very Nice Hotel This is a very nice hotel  we definitely enjoyed our stay. The room was lovely  had a partial view of the bay through other buildings. Nice touches throughout!I noticed several other reviews stating what a hill this hotel is on. I know SF has a lot of hills so I totally underestimated what a huge hill it really is on. You won't want to walk it more than a few times I assure you! The bellmen were just wonderful as was one of the concierges. The other concierge was not  acted as if we were bothering him when we asked sightseeing questions. The Top of the Mark was beautiful  a wonderful place for drinks. Unfortunately our Friday night dining experience was very very bad. The service from the Hostess area through the Servers was amatureish  just awful. It was so bad it became humorous. The food was not much better either. Unfortunately no one ever came by to ask us how things were  the wait staff was obviously inexperienced  overwhelmed so telling them would have been fruitless. My best advice is to not learn a $220.00+ lesson  just avoid dinner there.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jacksondc
<Content>First Class all the way. This was my third stay at this hotel. Stays one and two were uneventful and the second stay was in 2005. What a difference. The staff, which I thought rude and unattentive in 2005, are incredible. And I put them to the test! I am an Ambassador member of InterContinental and the service was the best I've had on the west coast. The room was on a lower floor, but at Number One Nob Hill, everything is in view! Hotel guests get virtual no-wait tables at the Top of the Mark, access to the small-but-well-equipped gym, quick valet parking for a fee and an irreplaceable concierge. Two notes...I'd like to have the bell staff/door staff number increased. There weren't enough folks around to help us with luggage or to greet us at the door with a friendly welcome back or can I get that for you. Second, a little knowledge would have gone a long way in knowing that as an Ambassador member, I had free access to the club floor lounge and didn't need to pay for the Club Intercontinental, which is available to all hotel guests for a fee, not just Ambassador or Priority Club members. Overall, a comfortable place to call home for my three night stay.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jackonferry
<Content>Two star service at five star prices The hotel is in a beautiful location, convenient to the cable cars on Russian Hill. It is well-known for its fabulous Sunday brunch at the Top of the Mark. The Top of the Mark has a clearly posted no cell phone policy. Unfortunately, our brunch was spoiled by a loud, lengthy cell phone conversation. What made this cell phone call all the more annoying is that it was being conducted by the general manager of the hotel, Jean Francois Gatti. At one point, he got up an moved closer to our table to be closer to the window and get better reception. The brunch itself was fantastic -- an incredible array of foods, all of it well-prepared.While the hotel is by no means a ripoff, I don't think I'd return. The room was oddly arranged (bathroom door right at the foot of the bed) and, despite making the reservation well in advance, we couldn't have a king bed. The hotel does not offer a ton of amenities (no sauna or whirlpool, for example; no airport shuttle). We checked out the Fairmont which is right across the street and that seemed much nicer for slightly more money.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	2	2	

<Author>yinkers
<Content>Great place       Guest room  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>TracyLynnT
<Content>Great place to stay in SF Great place, great location, top of the line everything!!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>islanddream78
<Content>The Good, The Bad and ..... Overall, our stay at the IMH was a pleasant one but I don't think I would stay there again if I was to return to SF. I'll start with the good points.As far as location, it's in a really nice part of the city and we didn't feel uncomfortable touring the neighbourhood in the evening. Upon arriving, the doormen and bellman were very courteous and quick to get you in and settled. The lobby is very elegant and has an old time charm to it. I've read in other reviews that the staff can be rude and a little on the snobby side but that wasn't our experience. However, some of the guests we had interacted with obviously left their manners at home while on vacation! As far the as the room (we stayed in a deluxe) there wasn't anything all tha deluxe about it. I guess they called it deluxe because of the view which wasn' too bad when the fog wasn't in. However, they don't go all out for you when you book online using because you're getting a better deal. The rooms were clean, and the bathroom was a decent size. If you plan on ordering room service then expect to pay the price. We arrived late when it was too inconvenient to venture out so were forced to order from the hotel and it was very, very expensive for a burger. They were very helpful with checkout and getting our boarding passes for us before we went to the airport and were also helpful in arranging for a cab to the airport early in the morning. The only really bad thing I have to say is that if you're walking back to the hotel be prepared to get quie the workout. If you're not able to wait around for a cable car or absolutely have to walk it's not for those who are in good health or have mobility issues. I also think I would stay somewhere closer to Union Sq. where the shopping is. We spent most of our time there and if you were inerested in venturing uphill you can grab a travel pass and use either the buses or cable cars while you're there.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mlf369
<Content>Very disappointing When I called the Hotel directly to book my room, I was so very impressed with the delightful agent that I called the reservation's manager to compliment him on his staff's professionalism.Too bad Mr. Douglas could not take my call when I had some problems.I was rudely dismissed by a young man at the Concierge desk and left without being shown around and to carry my own luggage to my room. I had paid extra for a 'higher' floor with a view and am still waiting to hear from the Hotel with clarification as to floor level/room rates.And just why is it $60 for two, with an addition $30 per guest for use of the Club room, yet a single occupant must pay $40.I never received phone messages and had to call for clean glasses. I was a guest for 5 nights, yet had 2 small drawers to put my clothes in. On the positive side -- the bed was extremely comfortable in spite of the top sheet having a hole big enough to put a fist through. I will be returning to San Francisco in November and will be staying at the Fairmont, where I have stayed many times before and have never been disappointed.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>Concord Pit
<Content>Very Nice but dont bank on Ambassador benefits or club lounge       View from our room  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	4	2	

<Author>TravelBunny76
<Content>Great city spot We love the Mark Hopkins. Great location, beautiful hotel, amazing staff. I just wish that there wasn't a wait to enjoy a drink at the Top of the Mark on busy nights (even if you don't want/need a table).Decent fitness facility but if you need more you can pay a small fee to use the nearby Club One.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mikeandcris
<Content>Nice, elegant hotel       Large bathroom...no counter space  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>klg0816
<Content>Excellent Hotel       Bathroom-Std room  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Reisefuedli
<Content>fabulous stay, loved the location, staff was great, view amazing We stayed three nights in a deluxe room on the eleventh floor and had a fantastic view over the city (whenever the Marine Layer lifted). The staff was very friendly and professional, especially the lady in th Executive lounge. Have breakfast at Top of the Mark and enjoy 360 degrees views of the city. Also go for drinks at night. They have over one hundred martinis! The location on top of Nob Hill is without a doubt the best in town. The rooms are very tastefully furnished and we felt very comfortable and at home. The beds are great.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ZoeyFlorida
<Content>Beware this hotel The Mark Hopkins Intercontinental looks good and is conveniently located, but that's where its amenities end. First off, they practiced a bait-and-switch on us, promising us one rate, including free breakfast, and then claiming ignorance of the promise when we checked in. As it was late when we arrived, we decided not to go elsewhere. When we later attempted to correct their error, we were rudely dismissed. In addtion, upon check-out, we were informed that we'd purchased a bunch of pay-per-view movies and games when we never even turned the TV on during our stay. They implied that we were lying. If you want to stay in Nob Hill, go across the street to the Fairmont instead. The Mark Hopkins staff is rude, unresponsive, and dishonest. We will never stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>GrahamIX
<Content>OK, very old fashioned - not in a good way I was set to stay in Sf for 6 days and so wanted somewhere nice to be based. A friend recommended the Mark Hopkins and so I booked.On check-in, was told I had been upgraded to a business room. However, this meant that the room had a big pointless fax/printer in it (with no USB connection, so pretty useless) and no free internet access, so I wonder exactly what was so business-like about it.Views from the 5th floor were OK, but as the room was on the front of the building, I could hear the trams and the doorman whistling for cabs all day long. Single glazed windows that did not shut properly were great for ventilation (no need for aircon!) but lousy for blocking out the noise.My room was opposite the lifts and next to the ice machine - which also made for a noisy stay.Bathroom - poorly laid out and with infuriatingly shallow American style shower bath. I realize that most Americans prefer to shower, but I want a bath I can actually soak in and enjoy. Either put in a proper bath or don't bother - put in a good shower stall! Ugly marble does not a luxury bathroom make. Very low shower pressure - i also heard another guest complain of this, so not just a problem with my room.Bed very comfy, so apart from the noise, a decent night's sleep.General service - not up to standard I'm afraid. As a late riser, I must have caused havoc for housekeeping, but while they managed to change the bed each day after I eventually left, no-one ever got around to restocking the minibar.I did consider checking out early and moving to a different hotel, but I had pre-paid in order to get the better internet rate. Doh! Wanting to avoid the hassle of a confrontation, I stayed put.In summary: great location, but old fashioned without being charming. I expect more from a hotel of this ranking.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	4	2	2	1	

<Author>Appraiserdewd
<Content>Elegant with a great view My wife stays here a lot with her company and I tag along from time to time. I am always amazed at the quality of their rooms and the views from the windows. While this isn't the best location in the world from which to walk SF, if you can afford the nicer rooms, this is a wonderful choice.We do, however, walk all over SF from here and get a little winded on the way back, since it is at one of, if not the highest point in SF.I can't say a lot about the normal rooms, since we get a suite, which has a living room, a dining area, and the usually bed/bath, I can say that the suites we stay in are excellent. Lush fabrics and granite counters are the norm.If we were paying for our own rooms, we would likely stay somewhere else, but since the company buys a block of rooms, then we are more than happy to stay here.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bijou2006
<Content>Very nice stay Stayed here for 5 nights in July on business. Booked via Priorityclub.com and as usual, no problem. Very nice deal including parking ($45/nite) and breakfast at the Top of the Mark every morning ($26/person/day). Upgraded to the corner room upon check-in. Room: very nice and clean; great bed; bathtub could have been bigger/shower water pressure could be improvedInternet: LAN connection - nice and stable throughout the stayHousekeeping: very friendly and flexible to our needsBreakfast: very full American breakfast buffet; food very nice but service not so good (could hear staff yelling at each other)Concierge: very helpfulValet parking: slow (takes over 10 minutes on average; be sure to call from room in advance)Overall: great place to stay if you don't mind the hills  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>kyleigh
<Content>Excellent customer service from a romantic, charming hotel We stayed for one night in a room on the 11th floor. The room was small, but well maintained. We had a problem with the bathroom, though. The floor had hair on it and also the amenities kit had been used. (The cotton swab packet, which was originally sealed, was opened and missing a few swabs.) We contacted the front desk and they immediately sent a crew including the front desk manager, the housekeeping supervisor and a cleaning person. We were on our way out and they said it would be cleaned by the time we returned. When we came back, they had left a bottle of champagne, chocolate covered strawberries, and a nice note with an apology. And the room was spotless. (The new amenities kit had the same problem of the cotton swabs being opened but oh well.) We were very impressed. The bed in the room was very comfortable and clean. The duvet cover was clearly freshly replaced and it looks like they do that after each guest's stay. The hotel is old but charming and has a wonderful bar on the top floor (Top of the Mark) which had a band and dancing and lots of fun cocktails. The view is unbelievable. This is a great romantic hotel. The concierge was great and was able to pull some strings to get us a reservation at Boulevard while we had been unable to do it on our own. It is in a great location, right on the cable car line and within walking distance to Union Square, and lots of great shopping. It is easy to get a taxi here. Parking is expensive (about $50 or so) and internet in the room is $13. This is a classic San Francisco landmark and I would highly recommend it for any kind of stay in SF.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hillmandriver
<Content>A Superb Hotel Stayed on the way to the QM2. A superb first class hotel with nice views from the top of the hill. Trolly from outside to Fishermans Warf. What one would expect from a horel with the address Nob Hill!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>goffle
<Content>Old-style snobbery Was in San Francisco on a last minute trip and had the week before stayed at the Marriott which for all the comments about its cheesy jukebox architecture was fabulous for the price and location - service was also fantastic and there was no snobbery at all given that we booked on priceline for what I thought was an incredibly good value rate (80 usd/night).Unfortunately after my weekend trp to Las Vegas, the Marriott was fully booked so I had to book last minute online - pretty expensive anyway, since I only managed to bid for a room for usd200 without knowing which hotel. (afraid I can't remember which site, not priceline though which is what I got the Marriott from) Ended up getting the Intercontinental Mark Hopkins - which promised to be full of old-world charm and plushness.What a disappointment. Not only is the hotel quite inconveniently placed - it's quite a steep walk from Market Street, what really kills is the snobbery of the staff. When I checked in, the manager at the reception literally threw my credit card back on the desk back at me (so what if I got a last minute rate?! i did pay usd 200 a night anyway!!!) and was sooo impersonal. I was there with my boyfriend and even though my boyfriend was standing right next to me, he actually asked me if that person needed a key.Good grief. I thought, maybe it's just this particular guy, but the next day when we checked out and settled the bill for breakfast and some charges we incurred at the business centre, again, my card got flicked back at me...Room was decent, clean, nice view (since the hotel is on the hill) but nothing special, bathrooms a little dated. No smiles, no Did you have a nice stay? - I will never go back to this hotel again. Compare this to the Wynn and Marriott which I stayed at where the staff were simply wonderful, and both hotels actually cost less than this. Exception to this though was the porter who was a really kind old man and despite us leaving a small tip only in coins (my boyfriend had just lost his wallet and all our small change just before we checked in) he was extremely sweet still! Maybe the porter is the only remnant of what must have been a great hotel.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>2	1	4	2	4	1	2	3	

<Author>CCBSTX
<Content>Beautiful View It's at the top of the hill, across the street from Grace Cathedral. The view was spectacular from our room and even more so at the top of the hotel (bar/restaurant). The staff was friendly and helpful. Although, the knowledge of the staff when it came for advice wasn't great. However, that would depend on who you ask! We'd stay here again, but would probably prefer a more central place. It is only 1 block from a trolley pickup that heads to Fisherman's Wharf, Chinatown. We rode it once ($5 a piece) but decided it was the same $$, if you took a taxi.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Oha
<Content>Enjoyable stay I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights on priceline for $115 a night in May, there was a big convention in town, so we got a great deal! We are Ambassador member of Intercontinental, and even though we booked through Priceline, we still got an upgrade!! If we booked on the hotels website, it would cost $400 a night!The hotel is located on Nob Hill, about 10mins walk to Union Square downhill, its a very steep hill, so we have to get taxi (about $7) going back to the hotel every time.Room service was promt and excellent.I had to use the Internet in the room for about $15 a day, and reception isn't good.Staff was great, the bell-hop greeted me every morning, and when I return he would say Welcome back!Overall, I would recommend this hotel if its under $180 cus theres alot more choices w/ better location then the Mark Hopkins.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Arielarafe
<Content>Hotel with a view! I have been to San Francisco several times in the last few years for business and usually stayed at The W or the The Clift as assigned by my company so we were a little skeptial staying at this older hotel on top of the hill...However, I was pleasantly surprised to find the hotel very amiable, well maintained and not hard to get to with a taxi. It's worlds apart from W and Clift since it did not have the loud and abnoxious party scenes at these other two hotel. Then again - it's more of a family hotel rather than party hotel! Room is exceptionally big in any standard and CLEAN! Bathroom is the size of my bedroom at home with a good stock of cotton swabs!! Every room has an absolutely amazing panaromic view of downtown San Francisco and I have to look at it before leaving the room every morning before work. Hotel staff is friendly and informative (but my manager did get a snobby reception clerk while checking out since I was standing next to her - very random!) and the key is contain inside a map of the local area. The hotel also has an old world charm which I absolutely adore! while I've asked to leave a message for a colleague, the concierge handed me a piece of hotel stationary paper with matching envelope to write the message and promptly put my envelope into old hotel wooden mail slot behind her and told me it will be hand delivery to him! It's the usage of modern technology with human touches in this hotel that really amazes me. The only negative thing to say is it's really hard to walk up the almost 75 degrees hill unless you are extremely athletic and do not mind the sweat, I tried walking from Union Square back to the hotel which is about 7 blocks away and I was drenched in sweats and had to change my clothes!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>jeffires
<Content>Nothing but smiles I stayed there with my wife for 3 nights. Overall a great experience in a geat city. Previous posters make some great points but do your homework prior to booking a trip to San Fran.The hotel is at the top of Nob Hill so walking to the hotel is mostly uphill. However, walking to any location is fine as you are walking downhill. The hotel does offer limited courtesy transportation - well worth it. Most cab rides to the scenic areas cost less that 7 bucks.We got the hotel for $140 per night on hotwire.com. Well worth the price. The staff was attentive and helpful. Very clean and very well appointed. Rooms are a little small - but very comfortable.I will stay there again.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jab042573
<Content>The Mark was GREAT! I was a bit nervous about the hotel after reading some of the reviews here, but I was very pleasantly surprised so I had to write a good review for this hotel.I booked our hotel for our trip to San Francisco thru Priceline for 115.00 per night... which was a steal since there were several conventions in the city that week. We were there May 7-11, 2006. We were treated very well by the staff at the Mark. The concierge was helpful, everyone greeted us with a smile, bellhops, driver, etc... top rate and very friendly. Our room was great! We got a corner room with a great view. The bed was soooooo comfortable and clean. They have a great air and heat system in each room as well as a lighted display of do not disturb or please make up room.I would recommend highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lindscanberra
<Content>Thumbs Up, all round! Couteous, friendly and effcient staff. Check-in was great-we arrived a couple of hours early and were given a room immediately-without even having to ask. Having just flown in from Australia, this was very much appreciated. The room was spacious and clean, although the bathroom was on the small side. The concierge arranged for some tours to be booked for us and she was most efficient and helpful. The one thing which was a downside was the hotel is located in a very hilly part of San Francisco, so if you venture out to eat you will always have at least 2 blocks of very steep walking to return to the hotel. Don't rely on the cable cars to pull you up the hills...they were always full coming up so it was impossible to get on them! There were a number of eateries in the vicinity including Mexican, a pizzeria and Loris' diner which was extremely good value.We would certainly go back to this hotel when next in San Francisco as we had a pleasant time there.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Vegasking
<Content>A touch of style            
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ks_moe
<Content>Elegant hotel, good service, great breakfast location We stayed at the Mark Hopkins for four nights in April, and had a very enjoyable stay there, all in all. The entrance and lobby of the hotel is elegant. The service at check-in was ok. The receptionist was effective, but should have been a bit more attentive and friendly. In general, however, we were very pleased with the service at the hotel. Many former reviewers have complained about having to wait for a long time for the elevator to arrive. We never experienced this problem, however.Our room, a deluxe corner room, on the eight floor was quite nice and had a good view of the northern part of the city. The difference in size between a classic room and a deluxe room is quite minimal, however. (My parents-in-law and my brother, who also stayed at the hotel, stayed in classic rooms). But usually the deluxe rooms have better views than the classic rooms. The bath room was also nice. It included a large tub that our little son enjoyed very much. The knob on the shower, however, was not in tip-top condition. The night we arrived, my wife wanted to take a shower, and not being used to that type of knob, she pulled it in the wrong direction, which resulted in the knob braking. You could clearly see from all the glue inside the knob that this was not the first time this had happened. The front desk immediately sent a plummer to fix the problem, however. A negative aspect with the rooms is that they are quite poorly sound isolated, as many others have pointed out. We could on a couple of occasions clearly hear which tv program our neighbour was watching. A very nice surprise was that breakfast is served at the Top-of-the-mark, a bar on the top of the hotel with a fantastic 360-degree view of the city. The service, quality and range of the food being served was also very good. The location of the hotel is in our opinon, perfect. Because it is on the top of Nob Hill, most rooms have very good views. It takes only five minutes walk to Union Square and Chinatown. There is a nice park , Huntington Park, just 50 meters from the hotel, and it also has a children`s playground.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>PalmBeachFL
<Content>Continues to be Outstanding My wife and I come to San Francisco infrequently, - maybe every 3 years - and stay at the Mark Hopkins. The staff and service are outstanding.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>steppes
<Content>Disappointing Having read some of the reviews on TripAdvisor, I was prepared for the problems we encountered at The Mark Hopkins but had still hoped for a good experience. Like other reviewers, we had a disappointingly small room and tiny bathroom, but the main issue was noise. Like some other reviewers we were in a room with an interconnecting door to the next room, which increased the transfer of noise that was loud enough coming through the walls - we could hear every conversation (and 3 a.m. argument) of our fellow guests. The little things also disappointed: frayed bath towels, the closet door not opening fully as it was up against the bed, and not the view of the financial district we had been promised. For $220 all this was just not good enough; all in all an old hotel trading on its reputation not the reality.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>mrittmayer
<Content>Royal Ambassador Stay Less than Average As a Royal Ambassador (The highest Level in the priority club) I expected a Jr suite upgrade. No such luck even after I spoke to the front desk after my last stay about this. Seems they were doing a linen service to all the suites this weekend. Hard to believe every room was affected....The room prices are high and the hotel is dated. Parking is Ridiculous at $55. Internet Service is $12.95 plus tax...another disincentive. Also the Sunday paper is not deliverd....not even for a Royal Ambassador....they will let you buy a copy at the front desk....however they do not deliver it to your room....Bad service. Would not stay again unless I could confirm the suite in adavance other wise the rooms are small and outdated. Oh yes dont lose your bill on check out as they wont fax you a copy without your written request. Nice service ..not!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	2	1	

<Author>JB33
<Content>Wonderful Stay After reading some of the horrible reviews we almost cancelled our stay at the Mark Hopkins. I am so glad we didn't! The hotel was beautiful. Yes, the rooms are a bit small, but it is historical so that's how they were built. I found the decor tasteful and the service fantastic. We stayed on the club level which paid for itself during cocktail hour, dessert presentation and breakfast. We loved the location and had a fabulous view. I found the price reasonable ($289) considering I have paid over $300 at a hotel on Union Square without the club level. Also, Union Square is just a cable car ride away. We will definatly stay again.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Armchairshrink
<Content>Not Worth The Price The lobby is grand and the Top of the Mark is a must see, but the rooms aren't really any more luxurious than a number of boutique European-style hotels down in Union Square, which are a third of the cost.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>greenbay99
<Content>Tired Hotel - Outdated This is a tired and outdated hotel that is living off its former reputation. It is not a good value for the money. Drab decor and poor quality linens, etc. At every turn it was 2.5 starts at best. Spend your money more wisely at the W or even the Omni downtown.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>reviewer35
<Content>Not on top of their game First, I cannot warn people enough about how difficult your life becomes because of the location. You go up three really steep hilly streets before reaching it from Union Square. You can take the cable car, but the crowds for the cable car are huge. The hotel's own store is miniscule and overpriced. As for the rooms, they are decent, but if you stay in a lower floor, you will sleep only between 1:00am-6:30am because that is when the cable cars run. I would not have a problem if this hotel were priced at a Courtyard rate. But as a luxury hotel, it is ridiculous.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	3	3	1	

<Author>Ralff
<Content>Lacking the Service This was our second stay at the Mark. We stayed in a corner suite for a long-weekend in late Janaury. The service is lacking - from the concierge to the bell service. Our room was fine - very pricey for what you get or lack thereof. Elevator lines can be very very long. Don't get a room near an elevator. Top of the Mark is an experience - once for the view - and drink prices are high, to be expected. There is not a lot of dining within walking distance - you are at the top of the hill. Views are great from the upper floor rooms. You will need to get a cable car or a cab for dinners. Lower rooms will get cable car vibration noise. Check-out lines were long, and the staff not really up to the task at the front desk when it comes to speed. If there on a Saturday, try the market at the Ferry Building.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	4	5	2	2	3	

<Author>SharonlondonU.K
<Content>Not up to scratch!! Quite disappointed overall with this hotel. It certainly is not a good representation of an Intercontinetal Hotel. Rooms are drab, awful colours and terrible cheap tacky bedspreads and curtains that would not even close properly so the light will come into the room in the mornings and wake you. Small adequate bathrooms shower not the best! Breakfast is Buffet only at $25 plus tax and tip!!! My husband and I neither eat a big breakfast only cereal, fruit, juice/coffee so its ridiculous to pay $60.00 for that! But they would not even offer al carte after asking and explaining we dont want and cant eat a full buffet breakfast! Anyway we ate out at a GREAT breakfast place just down the street called 'Sears' fine food which is a very popular place, I had oatmeal with banana and maple syrup and coffee and my husband had french toast and strawberries and orange juice the total bill was $23.00 and food is of good quality! The $65 for use of club roon is a total rip off too. The 'Top of The Mark' is quite tacky and very touristy NOT sophisticated, romantic and classy! My experience of similar hotel bars and restaurants with views in Japan for example (up to 80 floors high) was amazing!!! We did not choose to eat in the hotel as the menu was limited and nothing grabbed our fancy but we ate out at some great restaurants including 'Anzu' at the Nikko hotel a couple of times where the food is delicious especially the 'Fillet steak' with wasabi/mustard sauce with sweet potatoe. 'Roys' is always great too! In hindsight we both wished that we had stayed at the 'Nikko' hotel with its smart decor and 'L.C.Ds' in the rooms and there is also a swimming pool, either there or The W hotel for us next year!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	2	2	2	

<Author>johnstoj
<Content>A great hotel but... We spent a week at Mark Hopkins Hotel at the end of February and really enjoyed our stay. Its an old hotel with all the character that goes along with a hotel built in a different era. The walls are thin, the rooms a bit small, no ventilation in the bathroom but the place exudes history. The staff were friendly, there when you needed them, and very knowledgable. We never had a bad meal at restaurants they recommended. The climb back up the hill after dinner let us eat very well! The Top of the Mark is a fun place to have a cocktail of dinner but some may find it a bit over-priced. Being so central to most of the tourist sites is a real bonus. Yes, the hill is steep but what a workout. We quite enjoyed the challenge a few times a day.I would certainly recommend this hotel to friends and family as long as they are aware of its idiocyncracies.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ancon
<Content>Nice Staff-Great Concierge Just returned to Panama from a 6 day vacation with my two sons. First time visit to this hotel and enjoyed every moment of our stay. We had the access to the Club Lounge and it was well stock all day long, nice breakfast, drinks, wines, champagne, etc. Enjoyed very much the staff at the Club, very polite to every detail in order to make you feel well. The concierge was also very nice. I recommend this hotel mostly for adults, noy much of a family hotel, not for a bad thing, but its location and setting is most oriented towards adults.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Eresh
<Content>Wouldn't stay here again       The hotel  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	1	4	4	4	2	

<Author>kittymama76
<Content>Not typical of an InterContinental This hotel is nothing special. It's reviews and reputation are based more on tradition than reality. On arrival, we noticed the professionalism and courtesy of the doormen and concierge. Unfortunately, the lobby and the guest rooms are not impressive. The sheets and bedding were of very poor quality, and the housekeeping staff tucks in the top sheet tightly with the bottom sheet. This results in a ball of lumped up sheets as soon as you crawl into bed. The bathroom was clean, but unimpressive. Note this hotel is on the top of Nob Hill, so be prepared to either climb or descend a 45 degree hill every time you want to go anywhere (or fork over the money for the cable car pass.) Do not fall for the Top of the Mark gimmick. The views are nice, but the drinks are not worth half the $12 tariff. The legends of broken hearted ladies weeping in the corner for their deployed soldier boyfriends cannot overcome the inherent cheesiness of the joint. Their is no grand wooden bar as you would expect. Instead, the Top of the Mark is a generic open-space forced into a lounge lifestyle with 270 degree views of a great city (not a 360 degree view as advertised.) Unless you can get a great deal at this hotel, I recommend looking elsewhere.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>glenbeigh
<Content>Below Average This hotel is very average and does not deserve its reputation. There is hardly a lobby to speak of and there is a non-existent atmosphere. The rooms are DRAB, the sheets are of poor quality and the bedspread was a polyester blend. The whole place reads TIRED. Also, the walls are paper thin. The nominal fee (the word they use) to use the first floor club room is $60 per day. I regret staying here and wish I had stayed at the W, Omni or somewhere else. Spend your money more wisely someplace else.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	3	2	3	2	1	

<Author>wanderer
<Content>A good hotel too devoted to cash extraction The Mark Hopkins, at the top of Nob Hill in San Francisco, is a good hotel with spectacular views. They're even better at the Top of the Mark bar, though we didn't go there. We might have gone, but the champagne brunch was $59--that's right five nine--dollars per person. That price reflects an unseemly emphasis on cash extraction at the Mark Hopkins--$60 to use the club room, $51 to park (not that you need a car there--we didn't have one). Unlike many historic hotels, there's almost no free public space. They even have set out bottles of water in our room, marked $5.95, pretty tacky for a hotel where a cheap room costs over $200. It all leaves a bad taste and detracts from the experience. Our room was pleasant enough (though nether historic nor artistically designed, though there were some nice photos on the wall), with a great view out to the Golden Gate Bridge. Most central San Francisco locations have another building adjacent, but the Mark Hopkins doesn't, maximizing the view.The king bed was big and acceptably firm, darkness (and lighting) was adequate. W eclearly heard the cable car outside 15 floors below, but it wasn't too bothersome. The bathroom was modest size but well-equipped, though the tub didn't look too great for taking a bath.Somebody raised an issue about the hotel's having only 3 elevators and causing waits, but that wasn't a problem for us. The location is good for getting to North Beach, Chinatown, Russian Hill restaurants, and Union Square. Many of these locations are only a few blocks away, but people should be aware that they're down steep hills from the hotel. The flatter Union Square, with hotels like the Nikko, might be more convenient and plesant.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>agnessa
<Content>Wrap you SF trip around a good hotel We went for our 7th wedding anniversary. I booked hotel and flight and that was the end of planning this time around. Who knew the hotel would be highlight of the trip. Its posh with 5 star services including free limo ride from hotel to center of SF during normal business hours. We decided not to rent car and relied on cabs and limos only. So the limo (usually wait time 10 min) was very handy with knowledgeable driver. The concierge service was also top of the notch and give us great tips on most interesting attractions (not just traditional Fisherman Warf) and were helpful with tickets. Hotel offers a 鈥榩resident club鈥?(I think it鈥檚 the name) where for $30 per person per day you can use their club with laptops w/internet, tv, games, fireplaces. They serve delicious self-serve breakfast (lox, delicatessen cold cuts, fresh pastry, cereal) , afternoon tea and evening cockatiels. There are also light snacks and variety of non-alcoholic drinks (bottled and not) thought the day. It also features special concierge (no waiting line and better service) and variety of newspapers. Everything is included in the price. If you like a nice breakfast in the morning and then run out the door we found club to be great feature.Rooms are very nice but what deserves special note is best mattresses we seen in hotels and soft and luxury bedding. Hotel is located on top of the hill and view is magnificent from any high-floor room. There is a famous 鈥榯op of the mark鈥?restaurant on the top floor. Location wise I think it鈥檚 the best all neighborhood you want to see is in a walking distance (ladies no hills as SH hills are too steep).  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mblaca
<Content>One of the best in the City This is a gem of a hotel in a gem of a city. Atop Nob Hill, with excellent views of all that makes San Francisco so wonderful. A short walk to China Town, the Financial District and Union Square. The rooms have an old world charm that's hard to match. The Top of the Mark is a truly unique restaurant. The breakfast buffet is way overpriced, until you consider the view!My only complaint is that the bathrooms are small.I chuckled at the review that praised the views but was critical of the hotel's hilltop location!  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>amannva
<Content>I fell in love with Mark Hopkins!       InterContinental Mark Hopkins  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CeePop
<Content>No Complaints Hotel was ok. Rooms are spacious, decor is a little stuffy and the color scheme could use some updating. Basically, an above average hotel...but you could be anywhere in the world. Convenient to the trolley. Just an easy 7 block downhill walk to Union Square and Market Street.Restaurant at the Top of the Mark was great. Have the breakfast buffet while enjoying a panoramic view of the city - even Alcatraz!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>LaCostaGolfer
<Content>Still one of the best A great choice for a gracious hotel in the central location of Union Square. Five Star service from the friendly greeting of the front doorman, to the speedy check in and continued throughout our stay. The rooms were clean and well cared for with plenty of room for two. But we did have to ask for extra hangers and another luggage rack as there were no drawers for our clothes. Do take the time to enjoy a visit to the Top of the Mark for a wonderful view of the city at sunset . . . isn't that why your'e in San Francisco? Leave the rental car at the airport . . . it is expensive to park in their garage overnight and very difficult to drive the hilly streets of San Francisco. Take the Trollys or inexpensive cabs instead.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cpdh
<Content>Club Level extras add great touch       King-size bed  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jbail
<Content>Great Experience -- book Club Level !!! I am currently staying at the Mark Hopkins Intercontinental with my 2 1/2 year old. Everything has been wonderful, from the check-in staff to the doorman. I STRONGLY advise paying extra to book club level, though. Here is why:I booked on the internet with the pre-pay option. Club level was only about 30 dollars per day extra. It is worth the money four-fold. Here are some reasons why:A private Club Lounge off the lobby with tables, couches, large TV, water bottles, soda, and snacks.There is food available in the Club Lounge from 6:30 AM to 10 PM. Continental Breakfast (including imported cheeses, smoked salmon, breads, berries, etc.), Fruit and Snacks during the day, Afternoon Tea (with cakes and scones!), Cocktails and Hors D'oeuvres in the evening (premium brands and champagne), and cookies and sweets in the evening. You could actually eat in the lounge and never spend a penny on food. The lounge is also located where my kiddo can watch the California St. cable cars come and go.The best rooms are given to club level members. There were no rooms left on the Club Level when I checked in, so we were upgraded to a junior suite on the 12th floor. The most I hear is some occasional water pipe noise, but no noise from adjoining rooms, etc.Free internet for club level members.Attentive service. Complimentary overnight shoe shine service. I sent my Clarks clogs just for fun.Complimentary pressing of 2 items per day.So you can see that Club Level pays for itself. I highly recommend it.With regard to the big hill, yes, Mark Hopkins is on a big hill that you won't want to walk back up from any direction. My advice is to take the cable cars. I bought a 3 day pass and the California line cable car stops right in front of the hotel. I have had no trouble getting on it with my daughter, even when she and I were laden with Chinatown purchases.This is one of the best hotel experience I've ever had. As far as costing too much, if you are looking for a bargain then San Francisco is the wrong destination.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>awelch2000
<Content>Great Stay - All it was cracked up to be!       Mark Hopkins: Bedroom  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>hotel2006av
<Content>Overpriced.       Room service dessert  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>plechadores
<Content>Awesome Accommodation       2 Double Bed Deluxe Room  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>tireman
<Content>Comfortable Booked the club level. The cost of the extras was a good value. They provided 5 light meals 6:30 am - 10 pm each day. Plenty to eat and drink, wines, mixed drinks all included. For two adults it is great, not for kids. You save time and can relax after all long day sightseeing. The rooms were average size, bathrooms great, beds wonderful. The toilets are very loud, caused by the 1.6 gallon flush. You can hear your neighbors if they are loud mouths, but other than that it is quiet and restful. Great location for starting the day. Two cable car lines within a block, one right in front of the hotel. You can ride right from downtown to the hotel itself. Great views everywhere, you're on top of it all. The Top of the Mark is a great view, but is kind of run down, old standard, could be freshened up. its packed on weekends with marriages. Overall we enjoyed our stay. The grovesvenor is one block away, the fairmont across the street, i may look elsewhere next time.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>TravelGal415
<Content>Always a favorite The Mark Hopkins is my favorite San Francisco hotel. It has great views (Top of the Mark is fabulous!) and classic San Francisco charm. The hotel is located in one of the best neighborhoods in San Francisco with easy access to Union Square, Fisherman's Warf, and the Financial District (minus the chaos). The hotel is lacking on customer service and the rooms aren't the most luxurious in San Francisco (no down comforters, but the bathrooms are nice). However, the hotel has a great gym and the restuarant/lounge on the top floor makes up for all the hotel's shortcomings. It is great to have brunch or an afternoon cocktail at the Top of the Mark. This timeless hotel warrants a visit in San Francisco and is always at the top of my list when staying in SF. It's one of the only hotels that local San Franciscans visit for cocktails and entertainment. You can't beat it's charm!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	2	3	4	

<Author>KristyS
<Content>Lovely hotel, lots of charm We were lucky enough to find a fabulous rate at this hotel, and that was the icing on the cake. BEAUTIFUL hotel, very charming. The room was small, but nicely appointed. Lots of nice touches. We had an excellent view of Nob Hill neighborhood. Lots of nice folks -- the conceirge recommended a great restaurant for us. Nice lunch at Top of the Mark. Great access to cable cars and Chinatown. Would absolutely stay again.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Keebury
<Content>Loved It!! Have nothing but positive to say!!Arrived late evening - hotel was very busy due to a large residential conference but this made no reflection on check in etc.Check in staff very very friendly , I can actually say they were the most friendly we have ever experienced full of conversation and information for us both.Room was lovely , large comfy bed , large bathrooms and grand looking decor.We didnt eat in the restaurant but did go to the top of the mark for drinks in the evening which was fab!! The views ( once the fog cleared) were breathtaking.The location is great a short walk to some reasonable priced restaurants and bars.All in all had a great time!!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Krynock
<Content>Good stay!       view from room  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>dcr49
<Content>Great hotel, great location!!! My 81 year old Mom visted. We are seasoned travelers. We loved The Mark Hopkins. Sort of older style hotel... but very classy, comfortable, clean etc. Rooms are great, beds are great. Staff is short handed when check check out is crowded, but they are very attentive. The best prices believe it or not are on their own website. Same price we got on Priceline. The $169 rooms are almost the same as the $189 rooms. The $169 room have a lower floor view. Both are great.If you go to The Top of The Mark Rest.... do it for drinks and the view. The food is very expensive. Breakfast while ok was too much money. Take the cable car down to Union Square or walk and go to smeoplace like Sears or The Diner.dcr, Middletown, Ca  
<Date>Sep 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>JennyJoline
<Content>Second stay as good as the first! I have to say that I LOVE this hotel and plan to stay there again in the future. We stayed on the Club level, and I do think the extra Club amenities - food services, business services, coincerage, etc. - have helped to make my  my husband's stays so enjoyable. The food is good, the service - in my experience - has been stellar. Again Ulysses is a stand out in my book! He never fails to impress, and he is kind, thoughtful, patient, helpful....the list could go on  on! I must say, his impressive customer service  the customer service at this porperty in our experience certainly factored into our staying at this hotel property a second time. I would highly recommend this hotel. The location is ideal for our purposes. It is a steep hill - bring your walking shoes! But there are beautiful views you won't want to miss! And we used the cable cars a lot since it is very convenient to the Mark Hopkins.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RockNuvell
<Content>Not bad Read the negative reviews (as one always does) and got a bit nervous, but our stay was fine.... it is exactly what we paid for, a classy, older styled and well kept 3.5 star hotel in a great part of town. Have no complaints, but no stand out compliments either. A decent stay.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Eluc
<Content>Terrible Sadly, discovered ,after the fact, that many of the very negative reviews of this hotel were completely accurate.Arrived at 9PM .Had to search for a bellhop, who later abandoned my lagguage in the hotel lobby. A bad omen of things to come! This issue however is trivial in comparison to the incredibly noisy and sleepless nights we endured in this hotel. As mentioned in many reviews, you can clearly hear toilets being flushed in the adjacent rooms. In our case the ancient plumbing actually banged as if someone were hammering on the wall! Also, even from the six floor, huge air-conditioning unitslocated on the lobby roof below roared like the diesel engine on a bus. Second room we were moved to was even worse. Originally designed as a suite, there was a two inch gap at the bottom of the door seperating our bedroom from the bedroom next door. Was stunned as it became occupied at 3AM. Could clearly hear our neighbors. It was as if all four of us were staying in the same room. I spent the remainder of that night sitting in the hotel lobby, furious!Finally, on our third night, we were switched to an acceptable room, which was quiet! Objectively, though understaffed and poorly managed, the front desk staff was receptive. If you are lucky enough to get a decent room, you might well enjoy your stay at the Mark Hopkins. If not, you could be in for the worst hotel experience imaginable. Be advised!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>Kristine72
<Content>Loved the Hotel Intercontinental!!! We booked a package deal through Hotel Intercontinental which included breakfast and parking. I was a bit nervous thinking that we would not be treated well since we were not paying $500.00 a night.... I was so wrong. Upon check-in, they took us to our room, opened the door, and welcomed us to the hotel. The room was large and the bed was very comfortable. The room also faced the street, with the trolley tracks so I was nervous it would be loud, but it was not. The breakfast each morning was fantastic, it is at the Top of the Mark on the 19th floor. We had views of the bay, Alcatraz and the Golden Gate Bridge (once the fog cleared a bit). The concierge on the first night recommeneded a wonderful tapas restaurant just a 5 block walk away. This was the last couple days of our Babymoon and such an enjoyable way to end it. I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jpkitner
<Content>great, for the most part After a shaky first night, we really enjoyed the Mark Hopkins. The hotel is in a great location in San Francisco in walking distance to many areas of the city. The hotel is older and quaint, which is what we prefer in hotels. The prices (we paid $219 a night) were reasonable. Our main problem arose on the first night. We were placed on the third floor, right next to the elevator and directly above the valet area. This would have been noisy enough except we were also placed on the same floor as a group attending a wedding there, and in fact next door to a group that decided to spend the entire night partying in the room. They were so loud we had to call downstairs three times, and each time the front desk said they would call security, but either they did not do anything or it was not effective. In any event, we did not sleep well that first night. The next morning we asked for a room far away from the chaos. The front desk apologized and accommodated us by placing us in a corner room on the fifth floor. They also gave us an upgraded room. The rest of our stay was terrific. The bell staff and concierge are top notch. We recommend going to the Top of the Mark both for Sunday brunch and for martinis (they have over 100) for an after hours drink. Upon checkout they refused to give us a discount for the first night, which we felt would have been appropriate considering the circumstances, only offering an upgrade the next time we stayed there. If you do stay here, I would suggest requesting a room on a higher level and in near a corner.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>skippy68
<Content>Very Satisfactory Stayed at The Mark Hopkins from July1-July 6. It is an old hotel, but a very classy place. We checked in 9:00pm on a Saturday night. We had a rude man at the check in, but the manager quickly made ammends when I spoke with him the next morning. The Club floor is very nice- great sheets!! Even if you don't stay on Club floor go for the Club Lounge. I believe $60/day for two people. It is well worth it. Great place to hang out and use the internet, play chess, watch tv and enjoy delicious food and beverages throughout the day. Wonderful guest relations people who will help you with anything you need. They addressed me by name every time I went in and made me feel most comfortable and welcomed. Stayed there as a child and enjoyed bringing my 16 year old son there. Top of the Mark Sunday brunch pricey, but worth it!!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Teramo48
<Content>A princess in a tower...       View from the Top of the Mark  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>dine4fun11
<Content>Great Package and Location My husband and I stayed at the Mark Hopkins for two nights taking advantage of the San Francisco City Tour package which included parking (usually $45/day), a three day cable car pass ($10/person per day) and the full buffet breakfast at the Top of the Mark. The buffet was outstanding and featured American choices, European fare and even dim sum. We really enjoyed it. Our room was lovely, clean, quiet and comfortable. We requested a high floor and were given a room on the 12th. We were away from the elevators and did not hear any noise during the night. Our car was quickly retrieved any time we needed it, and we took advantage of the cable cars right outside the hotel. There is even a small grocery a block away we used to purchase our own wine. The hotel is older, however very classy.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AshleyH
<Content>Very good experience... Great visit - mainly thanks to the great receptionist (Monica) who i'd arranged everything with before arriving. Book on the internet, then call them to arrange to prebook your room - we ended up paying $219 dollars per night (3 nights) including breakfast (which at $23 each normally) was a great offer. Our room was fantastic, corner of the front of the building with dual aspect windows and a good size. I think my prebooking had managed to get us the biggest room on the floor (apart from the suites I guess!)Great things:- our room was very well decorated/furnished- breakfast buffet was superb (when included in your room price!), especially as it's served on the top floor (in the famous Top of the Mark bar)- very friendly staff (the restaurant manager kept me updated with how England was doing in the World Cup!), Monica had left a note at the desk for me saying that she hoped she'd arranged everything as we'd discussed on the phone - a really nice touch for a large hotel.We've stayed at the PanPacific (now a Mariott?) and also 'The Clift' before - both nice, but more expensive than the deal we got here. We'd planned to stay at the Triton this time, but after reading the reviews here (small rooms etc) we'd changed our plans - so glad we did.Think the Mark Hopkins will be our choice every time we come to San Francisco from now on. Great visit indeed.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel - Management Problems While staying two nights in June, we fould the hotel to be very comfortable. We were upgraded to a suite room on the 11th floor since we are Ambassador members of their Priority Club. The room had a view of only part of Union Square and a glimpse of the Bay Bridge.They sent a small cake to our room to celebrate ourwedding anniversary. It was a nice touch and unexpected.Two problems: 1) Our room was right next to the elevators and the motor noise could be heard all night (right next to the bed). 2) When booking the room we were told that the parking and the breakfast were included in the package. At check-in we were told that only breakfast was included the second day. We told them that the reservation agent had specifically told us that parking was included (along with breakfast) in the package. But we finally gave in and registered with the understanding that only breakfast was included for the second day. When it came time to check out, they had included both the parking AND the breakfast on my bill. When I spoke to the manager at the desk (Night Manager) he informed me that this was not the first time a guest had been misled during the process of registration and he insisted that I pay for parking and breakfast (parking was $51.30 per day and breakfast buffet was around $45 for two). After 15 minutes of explaining to the manager that this was his hotel's fault and not mine, he begrudgingly took the breakfast off the bill.My advice would be if you are booking a package at this hotel, get all the details IN WRITING before you go!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>LAGIRL74
<Content>Over the Hill An overall okay stay with some problems. Pros are nice size rooms and great bathrooms, fabulous in-room dining, Top of the Mark Restaurant is very nice with a view and live entertainment. Cons, rooms are not soundproof, no spa, no pool, some rooms with a limited view, a very loud fire alarm was tested three times on a very early SATURDAY MORNING.. internet available for a fee, no wireless service...needs renovation.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GGK
<Content>Overpriced! We recently stayed at the Mark Hopkins for a much needed vacation. I travel to San Fran frequently for business and we decided to treat ourselves by staying at a 4 star hotel - unfortunately we were disappointed. For the same cost you can stay at the Fairmont across the street which looked like a much nicer place to stay.The Intercontinental was equivalent to a Hilton in my opinion but the food quality was worse. We paid extra to be on a club level floor and the room was nothing special, nor were the amenities. We dined at the hotel restaurant for dinner and the food quality was one star at best. The waiter noticed a $17 appetizer left uneaten and asked what the issue was as we were the 2nd guest to not eat it, we explained the issue and were still charged for it. So on Sunday we decided to try brunch at the Top of the Mark and it missed the mark, $128 for a nice view with very bland, unimaginative cuisine. You can do better for this level of cash outlay.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>tylerat
<Content>Greatt Location, Over the Hill Hotel I was really looking forward to this hotel as I had heard much about it.Stayed for 6 nights. The location is fabulous, close to everything with good views from the room and the restaurant. Rooms are drab and in much need of updating. Small and dark. The lighting is horrible and the lights in the batthroom worse than that. Food in hotel was very mediocre. You can easily do much better and I would have left after first day but was at a conference and had no choice.Try somewhere else.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Classic San Francisco Hotel We recently spent five days at The Mark Hopkins and had a wonderful stay. I now know why most historic San Francisco hotels and private mansions are located on Nob Hill. Our corner suite had sweeping panoramic views of downtown and the bay. The location is close to everything and the famous cable cars are conveniently located right outside the hotel door. The sound of the cable cars never failed to bring a smile to my face. Yes, we are in San Francisco! The staff at The Mark was, without exception, courteous, helpful and friendly. Housekeeping kept our room impeccably clean and did not intrude, even though we liked to stay in our room all morning. The room (and the bed) was so comfortable we didn't want to leave. Room service was top notch. The room service staff was professional, the food arrived on time and always hot, and was of the highest quality. No small feat. The only regret that I have is that we did not stay longer. I am already planning our return next fall. I had not visited San Francisco in many years and did not know where to stay. After much research I decided on The Mark and I'm glad I did. Some other hotels may have some bells and whistles that you won't find at The Mark, but at The Mark they get everything right that counts. Give it a try. You won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JNevin
<Content>Great hotel Great location, and the rooms are nice. I would definitely recommend it. Got a prepaid deal for $149 room, hard to beat.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top of the Mark lacks class We considered staying here and went to the lounge Top of the Mark to have a drink and think about it. I didn't mind paying $10 for a glass of champagne but thought it was cheap that the hotel would not serve a peanut or a pretzel! Instead they wanted me to order off the menu where things ranged in price from $5-$20. In all honesty I would have ordered something from the menu(and another drink) if I hadn't found it so tacky that they couldn't even serve something with a drink. Needless to say I refused to stay there and promplty went across the street to the Fairmont!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>TouristSanDiego
<Content>Less than expected The external appearance and lobby of this hotel are lovely, but we were extremely disappointed in the Mark Hopkins Hotel rooms and service. The walls are thin and we could hear full conversations in the hall and adjacent room. The toilet flush is as loud and forceful as an airline toilet. We had to remember to close the lid or water flew everywhere. The bed was the worst hotel bed we ever slept on. The mattress was thin, worn, and without comfort or support. I brought this to the front desk attention and we were later contacted by housekeeping. They told us all the mattresses were the same and the best they could do was but a board under the mattress. We had also requested a crib when making our reservation and again at check-in. This did not arrive until the following day. Guest parking is $51/ day. The highest we had ever heard of. This meant that we would have paid more for parking our car than the rental car fee. We elected to park down the street. There is a nice garage 1/2 block away that charges $30/ day. If we had not been there with a large group of people, we would have checked out and found another hotel. The employees gave us the impression that they cared little about our requests and the facility was much less than expected.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>cnft
<Content>Great time We stayed here while they were doing some renovations so we got a discounted rate. It was an amazing deal.Best bed I have ever had in a hotel!! View of the bay from our room, delicious dinner and drinks with one of the best views in the city at Top of the Mark.We brought our own bottle of champagne, chilled it overnight and had room service breakfast in the morning with mimosas - our champagne and their fresh squeezed orange juice. It was delicious.Beautiful hotel and great time!!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unexpected Great Bargain My wife and I have now stayed at the Mark three times in the last six weeks. Over the years we have stayed at many hotels in the Bay Area, from San Jose to St. Helena. I would rate the Mark in the upper middle range for quality. The main reasons for staying there three times (total of 14 days) in a row in six weeks were location and the ability to get some terrific rates.The quality of the hotel is excellent, although the rooms are not terribly large. The bathrooms are very nice but medium size. The furnishings are very good with a very comfortable bed. As members of their affinity club we were upgraded each time; however, the first two times the upgrades were not terribly meaningful, since all we got was the same room on a higher floor. The last trip we finally figured out the system, and for $20/night more we got a suite. The bargain came in the package deal we got. Included in the 249/night price was parking (51/night) and a wonderful breakfast buffet (about 50/night for two people). The buffet was quite extensive and of the highest quality. We've had better at ultra high end European boutique relais, but this was right up there. If you subtract food and parking, the suite ran under 150/night, which was amazing. The staff was excellent, and we got the New York Times and Wall Street Journal daily as an additional benefit.For each of the three trips mentioned, we looked at a number of alternatives and decided the Mark was the best overall deal. If you don't mind walking up and down hills, the location is terrific as well.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>selsfield2003
<Content>Fantastic - Highly Rated We were not dissapointed with this hotel, it is amazing. i stay in 10+ different hotels each month with work, and this hotel was excellent. we were on the 12th floor, the room was comfortable with a good view over the bay. the bathroom was clean with a fantastic bath. the service provided by the staff was very good.you canot visit san fran without going to the hotel bar 'top of the mark' on the top floor. it offers superb panoramic views over san fran, we went at sunset it was amazing. and they do fab cocktails too!!i will definatley go back - enjoy!!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Room nice, customer service bad The only thing I like about this hotel was that the room is cozy and the bed was extremely comfortble. Too bad customer service was not as good. When we checked in, the receptionist didn't care to give us the time of day (I guess because we did not look like rich people). We valeted the car, no one told us how we could get the car back so we asked the receptionist when we checked in. She abruptly told us you can call from your room and waved us off. No one offered any information about anything to us. Although the elevators were right behind us, it would have been courteous of her to point that out to us. That same night, we called valet to get our car to meet some friends for dinner. Per instructions in the guest book, we called valet 15 mins before we needed the car. We went down 15 mins later and waited another 45 mins before we finally got our car. We figured it wouldn't be worth it to valet the car anymore so we parked on the streets for the rest of our stay -especially when valet costs $50/night! Well, seems the hotel has a very inefficient valet service system, they charged us for the first night although we only parked for about 3 hrs. We explained to reception what had happened and to my disbelief, they actually removed the charges from our room. That was their saving grace.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CGibson
<Content>Lovely weekend stay at historic hotel Stayed over President's Day weekend as a birthday surprise for my girlfriend. It was enjoyable and memorable.The hotel is in a wonderful location at the top of Nob Hill. We had upgraded to an upper floor room with city view, which cannot be beat. The valet service and the check-in were friendly and efficient, with our package details clearly spelled out. However, there was a snafu with the bags and I ended up having to go back downstairs to get them myself. The room was nicely appointed and clean. The room size was fairly small, not surprising for an older hotel but adequate for 2 people. Elevators were a bit slow, but acceptable considering the property is 80 years old.The Top of the Mark was great for late evening drinks (no kids allowed, drinks average $10 and proper dress is expected) with wonderful nighttime views of the city. Breakfast was outstanding, a high quality buffet with panaromic views stretching from downtown to Alcatraz and the Golden Gate Bridge. There is a cable car stop outside which can get you around, otherwise you are looking at a VERY steep walk to get down to Union Square and a real killer to walk back up Powell to California Street. Checkout was a bit slow, but all charges were clearly explained, unlike some earlier posters who seemed to have problems. Maybe it helps to be an InterContinental member. The car was waiting outside with no delay.Overall, if you like a place with history and class, this is a great place to stay. The package value I received was outstanding, for $219 a great room, parking ($50) and breakfast for two ($52 value) included. Classic architecture, romantic history and a fabulous view of a wonderful city make for a memorable stay.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Stay Here! We were married at the Mark Hopkins 25 years ago and came back to stay over New Year's thinking it would be a special way to celebrate. We booked our hotel through their on line web site with a package that included breakfast. We were travelling with our young son and booked an extra bed in a larger room. The hotel did not have enough staff. When you drove up, there was no one to take your car for almost 20 minutes. There was only 1 attendant in the midst of a holiday weekend. The hotel itself was unbelievably dowdy and it looked like nothing had changed in 25 years. The room we were married in was exactly the same. The people behind the desk were overworked and not fully staffed. However the biggest issue was the incorrect bill when we came to checkout. We had been overcharged in that our breakfast was supposed to be included. I called over the manager. He looked at a copy of my booking which I had with me and he agreed. He revised the bill accordingly. I did not sign the incorrect bill and asked him if it should be destroyed. He said no, because I hadn't signed it. You guessed it, my credit card was charged with the wrong amount. As soon as I received my statement, I called directly to the hotel, spoke with the manager on duty, who didn't believe me because nothing had been documented by the manager at checkout. I faxed him a copy of my bill. He tried to bargain with me and argue about the booking! I got angry and he finally relented. I get my second statement and he credited back breakfast for one day, but not the second day. Once again, I called the hotel and the manager on duty would not credit me the correct amount even though I offered to fax him my bill. He didn't even want to see it or deal with the problem. He just said he would turn it over to the manager I had spoken with when he came on duty.I have probably spent more money now on long distance phone calls to straighten this out than the dispute amount. Wonderful memories of our wedding have been wiped out by the incredibly bad service and tone of the managers who will not appropriately handle this. I would NEVER stay here again and I will be reporting this to the Intercontinental Hotel. As far as I am concerned they perpetrated fraud with their bookings when they didn't follow through on what they advertise.(I stayed at the SF Ritz Carlton the week before and it was far superior in terms of service and the quality of the facility. )  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>voll002
<Content>Light sleepers stay away! Nice fitness center, hotel staff relatively decent, but if you are a light sleeper would not reccomend this hotel!Walls are so paper thin, and I could hear the person next door.. snoring!Good exercise to be had walking up hills to hotel, and right on the California trolley line for those too fatigued, infirmed, or just plain lazy to walk up hills..  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>martinsa
<Content>Nice views and luxury feel I like the location, the views and the stylish interior.Service was good.Decent value for money overall.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome experience at Mark Hopkins My wife and I stayed at Mark Hopkins Hotel in July '05 and we had a very a great experience. The staff were very accomodating and friendly. They upgraded us to the executive suite at no extra cost. The rooms and linen were very clean. The food was very good. And we will definitely stay at the Mark's again if we're ever in San Francisco.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Egegik
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed at the Mark Hopkins for two nights after a Thanksgiving family visit to the Bay Area. We very much enjoyed our stay, the rooms were very nice, clean, good linens, very comfortable bed. The staff were very friendly and efficient. The only exception was a waiter at the Top of the Mark bar late one evening that sort of abandoned us. I had to go track him down to get the tab. Watch out for the extras. We didn't have a car (you don't need one in San Francisco) but we heard one guest having a fit over the $45 per day parking fee. The hotel is in a great location on Nob Hill. Check out the Jazz at Pearls night club if you like jazz music. It's near Broadway, about a 5 minute cab ride from the Mark Hopkins. They had a 16 piece jazz band on a Monday night. What a great time!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>debageeb
<Content>Mark Hopkins Rooms were very nice,views of both Grace Cathedral and Alcatraz. Cable cars right outside,but if you plan to drive, you'll be forced to pay an outrageous $50/nt parking fee, because street parking is impossible. Mixed staff, some were very pleasant, but we were definitely left with the impression that most of the staff regard guests as a nuisance. For example, leaving the hotel one morning,a staff member saw us  walked to the door in front of us. We thought he was going to open the door for us (judging by his actions, not because we expected it) so we walked towards him, but he instead sniffed, gave us an irritated look, and pointed towards the revolving door like we had insulted him. Also, we paid $12/day for wireless internet access which only worked for about 15mins out of 3 days. Maybe I'm wrong in thinking this, but the hotel can't afford to give out muffins or fruit to their guests in the mornings? Only for those who pay for an annual 'preferred' membership. most guests have somewhere to go in the mornings and don't have time for roomservice or to visit a restaurant. This just seems inconsiderate in a hotel of this caliber. Still, we liked the hotel and may return, but we will definitely weigh our options.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Parking recommendations inside We stayed at the Mark while attending a Holiday Party. My boyfriend won a free stay in his company raffle, and as we live 15 miles away, we went ahead and stayed the night.The hotel is pretty average for San Francisco standards. A small room, nicely decorated, with breathtaking views. The staff was a disappointment, when I called to confirm the reservation, I was transferred 4 times and then hung up on. They weren't much nicer in person.Parking runs something like $48.00 a day. That's (unfortunately) about normal for San Francisco. However, we shopped around online and saw that you can park at the Nob Hill Masonic Center, which is located at 1111 California Street (apprx. 1 1/2 blocks away) for $27 for a 24 hour period. And that's only if you need to drive. San Francisco has fantastic public transportation, so usually a car is not necessary.The rooms were okay, the room service prices were ridiculous, $18 for a cheeseburger!! (but that's par for the course, I guess). The only reason I would recommend this hotel would be for out of town visitors who want some views and don't know which parts of the City to avoid (we do have our problem areas). The hill leading up to the hotel is one of the steepest in the City, so I don't recommend this hotel for anyone who has trouble walking.Overall, we weren't really impressed with the hotel, but we didn't pay anything for it, so it was okay. I'd stay there again, but only if the room was free.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>FoxtrotOscar
<Content>Arrogant and complacent Oh dear oh dear oh dear.Arrived with several bags in a taxi from the airport. Not a bell-hop in sight. Struggled into the lobby with the bags, the reception staff just watched us no effort made to assist.The receptionist was rudeness personified. Sure, we had a pre-paid rate, but that doesn't constitute any requirement for contempt in my opinion.We had to wait over 30 minutes for luggage to be brought up. I tried to telephone, no response. Went down in person, bell-hop rude.The room was very, very small. Bathroom was OK.Top of the Mark bar has a lofty view, and prices to match.We most certainly will not be coming back.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>CATRNJ
<Content>Five Star at the top of the hill Date of stay: Oct 2, 3, 2005. Nothing at all snobby about this Nob Hill Hotel. San Francisco is one of my favorite places. This hotel has not received the best reviews on Trip Advisor in the past. Perhaps the management has heard the complaints and is trying to turn this around. Booked directly through the Hotel to secure the San Francisco Package for a 2 nite stay. Three adults traveling down the coast in a minivan. The package deal was the best since parking is so expensive at SF hotels. Other reviews said rooms were small, so we went for the extra money and booked a superior room. Well worth it. Plenty of room and oh so plush. I needed to keep my medication cold and the refrig was packed with honor bar items, so the hotel sent up another refrig. It fit all our stuff. The buffet breakfast served at the Top of the Mark came with the package and was wonderful. Dim sum, fresh raspberries, blackberries, egg dishes, meats, pancakes, etc, etc. Couldn't even get to all the breakfast set-ups. I can't understand why someone would think this is average. Best of all was the view while dining at the Top of the Mark. The service was impeccable. Need we say more. Most of the staff was pleasant and very accomodating. They did not look down on vacationers as some have previously suggested. Remember this is SF, business travelers are primo here. One thing I've noticed, if you engage the staff in conversation, they are most pleasant and interested in pleasing you. Only one thing happened when we went for a drink at the Top of the Mark. The server, a young women, was a little flippant. I mentioned this to her later and she just didn't get it. All is not perfect, but the Mark Hopkins was pretty darn close.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JanisZ
<Content>Wonderful Stay at the Mark Hopkins       Mark Hopkins at Night  
<Date>Nov 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>iandel
<Content>nice hotel but watch the extras Positives:1. nice ambience  spectacular views from the higher floors.2. spacious, well-decorated rooms with clean, modern bathrooms.3. excellent food - though you are near plenty of food places outside the hotel.4. a good location - Union Sq is 10 mins walk away (downhill) and the tram to Fishermans walk is 1 min away (you could also walk there in about 30 mins).5. the gym - though a pool would have been nice!Negatives:1. calling international numbers from the phone in the room - yes, I am an idiot for not checking the price before calling, but to get charged 220 dollars for 20 mins worth of calls is disgusting. Please buy a phonecard!2. the lifts - 3 of them - outdated and completely inadequate - be prepared to wait 5 mins to get one.3. extras in the room - if you come back from a night out and are gasping for water, do not under any circumstances drink the bottled water in the room. Instead, go down to the gym and drink free water from the cooler to your hearts content.4. breakfast at The Top of the Mark - nice food  great view, but not worth 30 dollarsOverall, I did enjoy my stay at the Mark Hopkins. I do feel it's a little over-priced though. Check out the Crowne Plaza off Union Sq which is the same hotel chain but works out a lot cheaper.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will not honor web site specials! A life long resident of California, we enjoy visiting San Franciso from time to time staying at one of the better hotels. The Mark Hopkins advertised several specials on their web site in the $200.00 price range.Upon calling to book a reservation, we were told they would no longer honor the advertised specials although they were still posted on the web site. We were offered another room and parking at almost DOUBLE the special rate cost. Mark Hopkins clearly uses deceptive  misleading advertising in an attempt to book you in higher priced rooms at 2X the special price....Sounds more like a used car dealership than a 4 star hotel. NEVER AGAIN!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Hates_Flying
<Content>Great Location The Mark Hopkins has some of the best views in town. Breakfast was served in the Top of the Mark which had commanding views of San Francisco and the bay. The rooms were very comfortable and spacious. Check-in and baggage were handled very professionally. However, for such an expensive hotel, you would expect perfect service. Some bad points were the paper promised to be delivered to our door in the morning never arrived. Next to the elevators was a candy wrapper which was never removed during out 15 hour stay. You have to request turn down service which I was never informed about during check in. If you can handle the above out-points, which aren't much, you will love staying at the Mark Hopkins. I will definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time at the Mark Hopkins My wife and I spent a 3 day weekend at the Mark Hopkins in October 2005. We were very pleased with the room, particularly its size. There is a nice closet and nice-size bathroom in addition to a king-bedded sleeping area with windows that open to the San Francisco air. The location is terrific with easy access to two cable car lines. Close to Union Square and Chinatown, but it's a pretty steep uphill return walk from both places. We did not eat at the hotel restaurant but had cocktails at the Top of the Mark on the Saturday night of fleet week where we could see the evening fireworks. We really enjoyed the Top of the Mark with its panoramic view of the city. We were especially pleased with the $120.00 rate we got.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ciardelli
<Content>Looking for another hotel for next trip to SFO The Mark Hopkins hotel is a San Francisco landmark located at the top of Nob Hill, right on the cable car line and across the street from the famous Fairmont Hotel. I recently stayed (for the second time) at the hotel during a vacation to San Francisco with my husband. We wanted to ensure that we stayed at a nice hotel and remembered the Mark Hopkins accommodations as being above average during our last stay. This time around however, we didn't find the hotel to be worthy of the $300/night fare that they charged because they simply treat guests like cattle! The front desk people weren't very friendly, there were no bellmen available to help with our bags, and the room amenities just weren't worth the price we paid. They could stand to upgrade their sheets and bedding to a higher thread count versus the scratchy sheets they currently had and the bathroom products dried out your hair (get AVEDA!) and they charge an arm and a leg for everything else you might want - $10 for a few minutes of internet access in their business center, etc, etc.Next time we are in SFO, I will try some place else. I think the Mark Hopkins is nice but not worth the price.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Plush and comfortable We stayed for four nights at the Mark Hopkins and found it to be fantastic value - got lovely room for 拢84 per night through travelocity. We had previously stayed in a few dodgier places during this trip so this hotel felt very luxurious with it's marble bathrooms and plush room decor. Unlike the previous reviewer, we didn't find lots of good places to eat in the Nob Hill area but instead went down to Union Square area to enjoy the hustle of the nightlife and the cablecar ride back up the hill when slightly tipsy! Speaking of getting tipsy, if you stay here you must venture up to the 'Top of The Mark' for a cocktail (try the Garden of Eden - v. v. potent) and try to imagine the pacific-bound service men of WW2 having a last drink with their loved ones, this bar has real atmosphere and history.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Rambler
<Content>Worth the Climb We stayed at the Mark Hopkins for four nights at the end of a long winding trip through California. The location was ideal for us - right on the cable car,walkable to Union Sqaure and yet relatively quiet up near the cathederal. Be warned - its a steep climb up to this part of town, but there are rewards!The rooms were surprisingly generous for an older hotel and we were fotunate enough to get views as well. Decor was classy and facilities were well up to standard.What this hotel lacks is a lobby atmosphere but that is because it all happens up on the top floor at the 'Top of the Mark'. Don't even think about not going up here during your stay. View are superb and the cocktails are good too. They don't serve dinner up there every night but when they do its very good and,at least when we were there, there was a great jazz/soul band on that you could just dance the night away to.One other tip - there are several lovely local restaurants nearby. Don't bother with a guide book - the concierge staff will supply recommendations and directions.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>atltravelgal
<Content>Loved the Mark! My husband and I recently returned from a 3 night stay at the Mark Hopkins, and we had a thoroughly enjoyable experience. I suppose it depends on who you encounter, but each staff person who assisted us was courteous and helpful. We stayed on the club level, which was worth the extra expense. We had a fantastic view, from which we could see both down to the wharf and the Golden Gate Bridge. We enjoyed the club amenities (breakfast, cocktails, internet lounge, etc.), found the bed to be incredibly comfortable, and the location perfect. We would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rambling_rosie
<Content>More of a business hotel I have just returned from a two week tour of California with my husband and 15 year old daughter, and although we liked the Mark Hopkins, I would say that it is more of a business hotel. Although we got an excellent rate ($187) by booking online, and over a weekend, we did not get the inclusive breakfast that others on this page seem to have done, and the parking charge of $50 a night was astronomic! We also nearly got charged $287 per night, as this was the rate they tried to get us to sign in at, only reducing it once we queried it and showed our booking confirmation! We were also surprised to find no pool in a hotel of such caliber. On the +ve side, it is very conveniently located for either walking or catching trams or buses. On the -ve side, all the extras (breakfast etc.) are very expensive, so they easily make up for the lower room rate. Overall we felt that it was more of a business hotel, and maybe we could have found better deals elsewhere.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>gregjarvis
<Content>Horrible Hotel Policy We couldn't get to the Hotel Intercontinental Mark Hopkins in San Fran because of Hurricane Katrina.We were told that ALL of our almost $500 pre-payment was going to be kept by Orbitz/Hotel Intercontinental... that there was nothing they could do to help us in our situation.I will never go to this hotel, EVER, or a Hotel Intercontinental again and I will also never use Orbitz again.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lesleyd
<Content>Reception staff with attitude Arrived on a busy Saturday afternoon, lobby teaming with wedding guests. When we finally made it to the front of the check in queue we were abruptly told our rooms were not ready. Half an hour later we were given keys to smoking rooms when we had booked non smoking superior. Back to the desk where we were told it was only a request but we could have a small king and a 2 bedded room. Back we go to check them, oh no wrong keys. By the time we had waited an age for the lifts, 2 rooms as booked has become available but how they differed. One on the 3rd, one on the 4th floor. 4th floor room okay but 3rd was really small. We decided to take them, we had alreday spent 2 hours sorting things out. Throughout this we were treated with contempt by three reception staff, who do they think they are? Bell boys apologised on the hotel's behalf and said that every weekend is the same because they book 110%. Must be better hotels, Intercontinentals have been good for us in the past but not this one.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>chipboy07
<Content>Crappy Hotel and Poor service The only way to describe my experience at the Mark Hopkins is terrible. From a value standpoint, it is not worth the money. The hotel is old and the walls are paper thin. I received several calls throughout the night from security because of complaints that the television was too loud. I have pretty good hearing so I assure you that the tv volume was not unreasonably loud.The rooms are nothing special and were outdated. The location is great as the hotel sits atop of Nob Hill but there are several hotels in San Francisco that I would recommend over the Mark Hopkins. If you are used to upscale accomodations and solid customer service, then I would advise you to refrain from staying at this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>TexasBostonian
<Content>More positive than negative We just returned from a weeklong vacation in San Francisco. Overall, our experience at the Mark Hopkins was positive, and we had a very nice stay. The hotel's location is great. We were able to walk to the Ferry Building, SFMOMA, Union Square, Chinatown, and various restaurants. We found the hotel staff to be friendly and helpful. Our room on the 8th floor was a little on the small side, with no balcony, but it was clean and nice. Our rate was reasonable ($189.00) and included breakfast for two each morning. The Mark Hopkins is not a giant hotel, so it felt inviting and comfortable to us right from the start. My son was a little bummed that there was no swimming pool, but we already knew that in advance. Parking at the hotel is very expensive, so either get it as part of a package, or forget the rental car. We walked to most of our excursions and hailed a cab when it was needed, and that worked out well for us.The Top of the Mark is a small restaurant and bar with great views when it's not foggy! Our breakfast was included in our package, so we were able to enjoy the view each morning. We did have lunch there one day, but found the menu to be limited, pricey, and very average. We enjoyed lunch at the Ferry Building much much more. If you're there over a weekend, you have got to check out the farmer's market. I have never had peaches as delicious as those I found at the market. The Mark Hopkins did not blow us away with service, accommodations, or amenities, but we were treated nicely and were comfortable. We absolutely loved San Francisco and felt the Mark Hopkins added to the overall experience with its location and friendly staff.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Mark!! We stayed at the Mark Hopkins Intercontinental in July, 2005. I was a little nervouse because some of the reviews had said the staff were rude. Nothing could be farther from the truth! We arrived on a Sunday morning. We were to get a lower view room, which we did and it was ready early. Our room was on the 5th floor and our view was of the beautiful Grace Cathedral. All of the staff were very pleasant to us, and we were dressed in jeans and flip flops! The room was a bit small, but since it is an older hotel, that is to be expected. The room was beautiful! Everything was very clean and comfortable. Our rate included breakfast for 2 each day we were there so we had the breakfast buffet at the Top of the Mark. Very good food and a beautiful view of the city. The cocktails there were very good too. Again, we were just in jeans but the doorman at the Top of the Mark said that is fine for a weekday. Several others there were dressed like us. We had a pleasant stay and can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>swlpong
<Content>Bad beginning, but evrything work out for the best My wife and I booked the hotel on line. It was the first trip to San Francisco for both of us. Unfortunately our flight got delayed and did not arrived at San Francisco until late at night. When we arrived at the hotel, we were shocked to hear the manager saying that there were no more room available that night (even we have reservation 3 months ahead of time and called 5 hours ago advising them that we were going to arrive late). The manager told us that he was going to send us to a nice boutique hotel close to the water for the night and he also ensured that there would be room available the next day. Well, the 'nice' boutique hotel he sent us to is more like a hostle. My wife and I had to carry all our language through 2 flight of stairs before reaching the front counter. 15 minutes later we found ourselves in a room with a double bed....that is!!! no bathroom (all guests have to use share bathroom), no TV, no sitting area; and the window was facing the hallway.We took a look at the room and decided that it was not a place to stay for the night since we did not even feel safe in that room. We called the manager in Mark Hopkins back and told him that we would rather to stay in their lobby than staying in the hostle.We went back to Mark Hopkins and sat in the lobby. In about 30 minutes the manager came back and told us that there were guests who did not show up and he had a room for us for the night. He comped us for the room as well as the room service we ordered that night (my wife and I have not eaten for more than 10 hours at that time).We talked to the day shift manager the next day and he apologized again for the situation. He gave us another free night at the hotel and upgrated our room to a high-level room facing the fisherman's wharf; and gave us free access to the lounge for the length of our stay. Moreover, he sent a bottle of champagne on our anniverary.The room was absolutely spacious and beautiful. The bathroom is tastefully done. My wife and I felt 100% better after the experience the day before. All the staffs are also very helpful for our requests (resturants, attractions and taxis)It is a place I would stay again if I go to San Francisco again  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LollyMoz
<Content>Lovely Experience We stayed at this hotel for three days in mid-July, 2005. We are Platinum Priority members and I don't know if that made a difference, but our check in was very smooth. The room wasn't quite ready yet (we got there at 10:00 a.m.) but the front desk put a rush on getting it ready and we went down to Fisherman's Warf for a quick bite to eat. When we got back, everything was ready. We stayed on the 12th floor in a corner room with a specacular view of both the city and the bay. We did have one snafu in the the tub/shower knob came off with the water running full tilt. We called down and reported a plumbing emergency and within moments a technician was there and fixed the problem. He was very professional and polite. If you can swing it, I highly recommend joining Club Intercontinental. They put out quite a spread and Ulysses was a fabulous concierge. Ask him about the French restaurant he recommends. For $60 per room per day, I feel you definitely get your money's worth in food and beverages alone, to say nothing of the internet access, books, games, service, etc. Top of the Mark was a bit of a disappointment in that the city was completely fogged in the night we were there, so no view. Very high prices but the drinks were good. Bar tenders could be a bit more outgoing and friendly (we sat at the bar). We did have a great experience with the hotel staff - definitely did not see the rude behavior mentioned by others. To a person everyone was very attentive, polite, and professional (again, especially Ulysses at Club Intercontinental). Even the bartenders at the ToM were polite, just not overly friendly or enthusiastic. If you are in San Francisco on a weekend, absolutely try to find time to check out the Farmer's Market at the Ferry Building/Terminal. It's amazing! I wish to goodness we had something like that in Tampa!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>n2mybox
<Content>No Golden Gate view here. Top of the Mark is small the people are rude. We were promised a view of the golden gate bridge on the club level. This was supposed to be one of the only nice hotels with this view. The hotel was below average. The small club at the top was a small, unremarkable and it's doorman is rude. We got a very obstructed view of the bridge. You could see 5% of it. If you think the Mark Hopkins can add romance to your visit to San Fran, first see if you can get a room in Alcatraz. We checked out early and went elsewhere and were much better off...  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>katokat
<Content>Wonderful place to stay. We stayed here for 4 nights at the end of June. The room was decorated very nicely and was wonderfully quiet with the exception of the shower in the room next door, but this wasnt a problem as it was only heard in the morning or early evening. The staff were very courteous and helpful and any requests were dealt with immediately.The location is at the top of a very steep hill which is great for walking down into Union Square and Chinatown, but is a bit of a nightmare to walk back up unless you're reasonably fit. We used taxis coming back up the hill, but unless you're travelling a fair distance from the hotel its easy to walk to most places.I'd gladly spend another 4 nights here and would recommend it to anyone looking for something thats a little bit special.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>julieabice
<Content>Very Nice Very nice hotel. Kind of a retro modern feel in the rooms. The front desk was busy and we had to wait. Close to Chinatown and Union Square. It's windy and cool on Nob Hill. The rate was reasonable ($140) but it cost $50 with tax to park the car.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vacationgalKansas
<Content>great hotel We booked this hotel with hotwire so we didn't even know where we were staying. We were very impressed with everything. I would highly recommend this hotel. I have very high standards and they met them all. We will stay again  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>acw2632
<Content>Nice It was a very nice hotel. But if you are on vaction, I would recommend the Argonaut on Fisherman's Warf. It was difficult to get on the cable cars from the hotel b/c they were always full. The hotel was at the top of a huge hill. It was a really difficult walk to get up to it. The Top of the Mark was nice and the staff were very friendly. One thing that did happen to us was that someone else charged $55 at the Top of the Mark to our room. The front desk reversed the charge but just review your bill carefully.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's the top in our book.. My wife and I visited San Francisco for the first time at the end of an anniversary trip to California. The Mark Hopkins was the icing on the cake. Our room was luxurious and the views of the Golden Gate bridge, Alcatraz, and Grace Catheral could not be beat, The staff was extremely nice and the bellmen could not have been any more helpful. Don't miss the fantastic breakfast buffet at the Top of the Mark. It is not too expensive for SF prices and the view, service and variety of servings can not be beat!!! The hotel is in a central location - the only downside was having to drive up all of thise hills to get there - we immediately turned in our rental car a couple of blocks away after arriving at the hotel as you do not need to drive in SF with the great public transportation that they have. We booked our room through tripadvisor after reading all of the great copmments about this hotel. We not only were put in a 15th floor room, the hotel placed some very tasty complimentary chocolates and fruits in our room the first night in the hotel. I saw where a previous poster complained about the staff - the staff could not have been any nicer and more accomodating to us - and we were dressed in jeans!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>oklahomayorkie
<Content>Incredible location, beautiful room, terrible staff.       The bed in our room.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>cinnabun1
<Content>Good Location, OK for a 5 Star... We stayed at the Mark Hopkins for two nights. We had booked it through Hotwire so we didn't pay as much as booking it directly. When we first checked in the guy at the reception was a bit snotty, he was asking my husband what his name was, I guess he thought maybe he was just some random guy staying with me! haha.. Anyways, the parking is expensive! almost $50 a day with tax. And don't get the breakfast their in the hotel unless it is included with your room. It was $60 for the two us for breakfast buffet there and it was only okay. Well the positives.. the staff there was mostly friendly (not including some at the reception), the location is pretty good (the trolley is right across the street) and the room is okay, a little dated with the furniture though.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Snobb Hill This hotel is overpriced and definitely not the most pleasant place to stay. The woman at the front desk could care less about welcoming you to the hotel or how comfortable your stay was. If you expect great service and pampering, this hotel should not be where you stay. The view from the Top of the Mark was spectacular. However, don't decide to drink a Mohito there. The mohitos we had there were absolutely disgusting at $10 a drink, quite possibly the worst drink I've ever had. (And they ran out of the Mohito drink ingredients!!!!!!!!) We were the last ones to drink a Mohito that night. Lucky us! As far as the rooms go, the bathrooms are quite beautiful but the rooms themselves are a bit small. I think to be treated wellllllllll at this hotel you need to show that you have lots and lots and lots and lots of money. Funny, if only they knew I was a doctor! I will not be staying at this place again.  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Zuerich
<Content>Room with a view Once a yaer we go to SF and the only draw back are the high prices for centrally located, good hotels. So we were very pleased to get a room for $ 150.-- in a 5* through their site. Expecting that we wouldn't get the best rooms for that price we were very surprised! We got a room at a very high floor with a breath-taking bay-view. Comparing to the other rooms on the fire-escape plan at the roomdoor it was even one of the largest corner-rooms on the floor, definitely worth each and every of its 5*. The furnishing were real antiques, very tasteful and stilish. Not to speak about the marvellous bath, I felt like in a museum or in a royal house. Nevertheless, the room featured all the modern amenities one could expect from a high-class establishement. Of course, everything was very clean and smelled good. The Staff was warm, helpful and welcoming. As the hotel is not too big and not to crowded staff was very attentiv and we were treated very individually and with a great personal touch what made us feel always very welcome in this house. The outside of the hotel is very chic, as is the whole neighbourhood and despite of beeing centraly locate, the area is calm. Housekeeping was very efficient and always did a perfect job as did all the other employees. Absolutely not to miss is a visit to the top of the marks restaurant altough we knew the view from our room. This is better than every movie you have ever seen about San Francisco. But it is also the one place in the hotel which lies a bit behind the rest: It sets you past in the good old days, nevertheless a little face-lift would not be amiss. The breakfeast buffet is sumptuous and a great treat at a very reasonable price. The little flaw about the food was that the cooked items were not hot enough anymore (maybe because the hot items containers were very full?). All in all our stay at the Mark Hopkins was a wonderful experience, we felt like back in the good old times, when this historic house was built and we definitiely would recommend this hotel to everyone visting SF, especially to european tourists, which will feel in much better hands in a historic palazzo in a residentail area than in a businesss hotel downtown.  
<Date>May 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>yourtravel
<Content>Fairytale trip to the sky. What is not to like. We checked prices at several top rated hotels and this was the best deal for the money. The room was impecible, the service outstanding and the view was wonderful. The trip to the Top of the Mark was the topper with even greater views and a band you could actually dance too. If you have any romance in your soul, do not miss the historic Mark.  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very expensive for what you get Stayed there as a treat hoping for wonderful service and to be pampered.Got average service in an average room for A LOT of money.Have to admit that the bathroom was just absolutely fabulous but really, how much of your time is spent in there????  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location; Great View from the Top of Mark. That's it! Great location. Nob Hill is nice and quiet. Cable Car's right in front of hotel. Room is basic. Nothing really different than anywhere else. Linens were average, at best for this 4 star hotel. Room was small. Bathroom smaller. When on vacation, you want to be comfortable, not cramped. My wife and I were sharing a small space in bathroom. We stayed 3 nights in the Park Hyatt and three nights in the Mark Hopkins, and really enjoyed the Park Hyatt more. Stuaff was more personable at the Hyatt. The staff at Mark Hopkins was stuffy, a bit snobbish. Top of the Mark was really nice, for the view. Wait staff was not friendly at all.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JimmyTheJock
<Content>Top Marks for the Mark Hopkins!       Part of a junior suite  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Barbthor
<Content>Front desk needs training If check-in is your first impression of this hotel you might run in the other direction. We really felt we were interrupting the inexperienced staff's evening by checking in to this overpriced hotel. Beyond that, the room was gorgeous and the attentive staff at the Top of the Mark more than made up for the rudeness we experienced on the first floor.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jeffJBloomington
<Content>Wish I Could Have Stayed Longer Spent 3 wonderful nights here in January, 2005 with my high-school daughter. We got a room with Club privileges. The room was beautifully appointed, with two queen beds. The view of the bay was terrific. The amenities were nice, including a shoe shine service, Penhaligon's toiletries( never seen these before), and incredibly comfortable mattresses. The Club privileges are outstanding and I'd highly recommend them. Each night around 5:00p.m. my daughter and I would visit the club for snacks. I'd have wine, she'd have coke or perrier along with cheeses and hot appetizers. We played backgammon or gin rummey until about 6:00 or 6:30 when we'd go to dinner. The staff was helpful with recommendations and I'd suggest Kuleto's on Powell, Yabbi's Seafood House, and the Cheesecake Factory on Union Square. We had a car and it only took 5 minutes each time to retrieve it. I will stay here next visit. I've stayed at the Inn on Union Square, the Fairmont, The Sir Francis Drake, and Nikko, but this one is our favorite.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HotelReviewer83
<Content>Excellent stay at The Mark Hopkins We returned to The Mark Hopkins this summer after more than a decade and had an outstanding long weekend. We arrived at San Francisco Airport and were brought to The Mark Hopkins by a most friendly driver of Virgin Limousine, arranged by the hotel. Location atop Nob Hill is great, architecturally stunning building. Rooms are decorated with beautiful fabrics, great beds and all marble bathrooms. We took advantage of the rate including breakfast, which I would recommend to everyone. The breakfast at Top of the Mark was one of the best we have experienced in a hotel in a long time; delicious food, excellent staff who cared for every detail. Most importantly, the view is fantastic!!!! On weekend nights, it is possible to have dinner and drinks in Top of the Mark as well, with great live jazz, dancing, cocktails and the city lights all around you. Top of the Mark is reason enough to stay at The InterContinental alone! All in all, our stay at The Mark Hopkins added a lot to our weekend in San Francisco. Although we stopped by the new Four Seasons, which looked gorgeous inside, we would choose The Mark Hopkins again for ambiance, location, and breakfast at Top of the Mark.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice, but not luxurious We stayed at the Mark Hopkins for 4 nights in early Nov 2004. The hotel strike definitely takes away from the experience. We had a mid level room facing away from the protesters but judging from the complaints we heard (plus the jar of ear plugs at the check- in desk), I assume that quite a few guests were disturbed by the noise. We were able to get a package that included parking (50$ a night!) and breakfast for only $160 per night. I wouldn't pay much more than that, the hotel is a bit run down and has very few amenities one would expect in a four star hotel. If you can't get a package deal, recommend that SF Marriott instead.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Frequent Traveller from Scotland
<Content>What a great hotel What a great hotel. Even although some of the staff were on strike outside the service inside was fantastic.Check in was very friendly, quick and easy. A room upgrade was much appreciated and we had 270 degree views over the city. At nightime as well the view was just incredible.The room was spotlessly clean and although there was no room service or minibar service all the other services were working as normal.The usual InterCon standards were all there - very comfortable bed with very nice, crisp, clean sheets. Mind you, I think they were rationing the towels in the bathroom as we had to ask for some more!We were given several drinks vouchers for the Top of the Mark and this is well worth a visit even if you are not staying at the hotel. Watching the city lights come up after a nice, clear, sunny day is fantastic.Would defintely stay here again. Well worth the money.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GlobalFoodie
<Content>Sloppy credit card management / A total mess with the strike... A hotel worker's strike is going on in San Francisco, therefore this hotel is understaffed and going through a hard time, I understand. HOWEVER, their guest credit card management is extremely sloppy (I found out I was overcharged $1000 in excess without my authorization!) and with their guest relations currently not existing, this is very, VERY distressing. After several frustrating long distance telephone calls and faxes, I finally got the number of the accounting manager, but have only talked with an answering machine (same thing with the general manager, answering machine) to this date. This means I might need to dispute my credit card bill..... Most services and member benefits were omitted -due to the strike- as well as no room service, and if you try getting something at the restaurants, you will get bad service. (This comment coming from someone from NYC should mean something.) I was going to let all this pass, but I genuinely felt I should warn other people thinking of staying here. If you don't believe me, try getting hold of someone at the hotel during the daytime.....I now remember another guest screaming at the front desk during my check-in. I should have taken that as a hint...By the way, I also stayed at the Holiday Inn Express at Fisherman's Wharf. Same strike situation, but no such glitches and service much more better (at less than half the price!)  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful cozy room I stayed here for business in September 2003. I simply loved my room. The room was not big, but it was very comfortable and decorated with genuine character and restrained elegance. The furniture and decorations were all appropriate for an old hotel on Nob Hill. The room was elegant but did not have the exuberant plushness that you might find in a Ritz, and customers who want more over-the-top luxury for their money might want to go elsewhere. The dining room at the top has simply divine views of San Francisco, although I can't remember a thing about the food. Anyway, the best Chinese food in America is a short walk away. I have stayed in more luxurious or opulent hotel rooms, but this was the most memorable.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gben88
<Content>2 and 1/2 Star Quality at Five Star Rates This establishment trades way too much on its location but pales badly compared to the Fairmont and couldn't come close to the Mandarin, Ritz-Carlton or Four Seasons. We paid over $300 a night for a high floor corner room on a Club Floor with Golden Gate (barely) , Alcatraz and City views. The view windows are 2 old casement windows with not much view. The 'Club is in an old banquet room on the Lobby floor. The Club Floor is the same as the other floors-no secured access and no upgraded decor. The Club Floor room was badly decorated and just old. The bed linens were stained and dirty and we had them changed- but quite disgusting. There is no 24 hour room service as the night operator so rudely informed us. The staff was mixed...some were very accomodating, others were just putting in their time. The food was plain...heated mini-quiches and tiny heated frozen eggrolls were the stars of their evening food presentations in the Club lounge. Not even a How was your stay when we checked out- just a do you want to leave the charges on your card- NEXT! We stayed in this hotel a few years ago and its gotten worse, not better...sad to see. Overloaded with cruise ship tourists. We belong to Intercontinental's Ambassador's Gold Club but we won't be staying here again! Our advice? Stay at the Mandarin or Four Seasons..at least you'll get what you pay for!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2004
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not that swell because the service was bad My fiance and I stayed here the weekend after we got engaged. Although the room was nice and clean the service was deplorable on every conceivable level. It took us forever to check in and the staff was rude. We went to the top of the hotel to have a drink and the staff was exceedingly rude (I have been there many times and it's frequently a drag because it's so popular) and just in general, we were kind of bummed out with how lame the staff was... and we're pretty low maintenance.Other reviewers seem to really like the Mark Hopkins so this could have been a bad weekend for them. With so many great places to stay in SF though, I probably won't come back.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Book the 'San Francisco Package' The Mark Hopkins Intercontinental is first class accomodations in a perfect location. If you have a car and will require parking, book the San Francisco Package (available Mon 28 June 2004-Friday 31 December 2004). I made my reservation on Intercontinental's website and received a rate of $209. plus room tax: $26.46, for a total of $235.46 for Friday, August 27th, 2004. The S.F. package includes a full American breakfast at The Top of the Mark ($57), overnight parking ($50), two complimentary cable car passes per day ($18), and late check out (2pm). I stayed in room 520, had a king bed with a beautiful city view, highlighted with a fountain and cathedral. The bathroom is very tiny, but is lavishly done in marble, chrome hardware, and not enough towels. After requesting additional towels, which were immediately delivered, the room had everything I could hope for. The breakfast is excellent and the view is breathtaking. I heard the Tongo which is across the street at the Fairmont is a must for a cocktail, unfortunately did not have the time to check it out. If you are shopping, Macy's offers a 12% discount card, just show your hotel key at gift wrap. The discount card is good for one day. San Francisco is a great week-end destination with lots of romance and adventure; but all those memories are superior when you stay at the right place. The Intercontinental Mark Hopkins is the right place.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel - Quiet, Nice Views, Great Location We stayed here to break up our trip to Hawaii from the East coast. We checked in early (10ish), had a great room, and the staff was very nice. Everything was comfortable, clean and quiet. It was a great hotel and walking distance to everything! Plus, the Top of the Mark is nice and has great views of the city (if it is not too foggy).  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service was Outstanding! I was very impressed with the service afforded me at the Mark Hopkins. I was immediately upgraded at no charge upon arrival and was delighted with the view from my room of the City. The complimentary Limo service was a perk one must appreciate given the location (On Nob Hill) in relation to the Convention Center. I dined at the Top of the Mark and give the service and quality 5 stars!!!! I highly reccomend the Mark Hopkins without reservation.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is a 5-Star? This is a nice hotel. But I have to admit I was disappointed because its reputation was of a higher-end choice, like the Ritz Carlton or Park Hyatt. Frankly, it reminds me of a very nice Hilton or Marriot. Nothing more, nothing less. Maybe the elegance starts in the suites, but the standard rooms are just that - standard. I certainly would recommend this hotel if you're looking for a nice place to stay, but if you're looking to splurge, you should probably look elsewhere. Nob Hill is fantastic, by the way. Great setting for a hotel!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay Enjoyed our stay here. Did have to upgrade to a higher level room due to the noise. ENTIRE staff was very, very friendly!! Would stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good service We stayed there recently for 3 days. The room is nothing to write home about and the bathroom is very small. We had a room on one of the top floors but the view is not spectacular. That said, we really enjoyed our stay there as the service was very good. We were travelling with our 2 year old and housekeeping responded to our requests for extra towels etc very promptly. The breakfast was delicious with lots of fruits.The package we booked was quite good value (includes breakfast and parking). It's worth taking this package if you have a car with you.The Nob Hill location is lovely. For parents travelling with young children, there is a good playground just opposite the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cubbysmom
<Content>Elegant but not spectacular I spent a few nights there for a meeting. My room was clean and comfortable and overall very nice. Staff were excellent and the atmosphere was posh. However for absolute comfort the W San Francisco is much more nicer.   
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Condition, Location, Attitude I stayed one night in June 2004.The hotel is located at the top of Nob Hill. Across the street (California Street) is the Fairmont Hotel. Across from the Fairmont is a very clean grassy park with a climbing structure area for kids. The California Street cable car passes between the Mark Hopkins and the Fairmont.The hotel's reception area is stately. The front desk staff was welcoming, helpful and efficient. My room was on the 4th floor overlooking California Street. The room was in excellent condition. It had crown mouldings and tall baseboards. The drapery was of quality material. The bathroom was small but was especially clean and nicely tiled.The only downside was the room was a little noisy. The windows were only single-paned and so noise from outside easily penetrated the room. Cable cars move by connecting and disconnecting to a cable that constantly operates below the street, and I could hear the vibration of the cable. The cable cars themselves made a lot of straining noise as they came up Nob Hill. Also, I could clearly hear the doorman's taxi whistle. Finally, I could hear people in the next room and in the hallway.I would stay there again but would try to get a room on a higher floor.P.S. There might be a big difference in the hotel's rooms or in my perception of the hotel's quality; I heard two guests complaining to staff about their rooms. In both instances, the staff maintained a respectful, understanding attitude as they offered to move them to different rooms.   
<Date>Jun 18, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>KH_RWC
<Content>My favorite hotel in SF This is our favorite hotel in SF, and we have stayed in at least a dozen. Maybe you have to be a frequent visitor to appreciate the luxury and history of the location on top of Nob Hill. I especially love the marble bathrooms and the elegant sophisticated room decor, as well as the magnificant hotel facade on a clear day with the brilliant CA sun and blue sky backdrop. The Top of the Mark is great for a nightcap or afternoon cocktail. Grace Cathedral with its magnificant choir and labyrinths is across the street.  
<Date>May 8, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>keninCT
<Content>User Used To New York City Hotels Obviously, SF hotels use a different rating, as this 4 to 5 star hotel was nothing special. The staff was helpful, but not overly so provding bare minimum services. On site amenities are less than in the NYC version as well. Rooms were decorated exactly the same as the Intercontinental in NYC, but smaller. Location is TERRIBLE!!!! unless you are there for business. You get no sense of San Francisco as it really is and is up on Nob Hill which can only be accesed by cab or cable car (walking could kill you if you are not in condition). If you have a choice of a three star in a more interesting neighborhood (or even a B to B), do it. Mission district, Union Square or the Castro all seem to be less sterile, more interesting and are on BART and Muni lines.  
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic 4 nights at the Mark Hopkins was just fabulous. We booked direct over the internet and took advantage of the room with breakfast deal. Breakfast in Top of the Mark was exceptional with a great range of yummies on offer. The room itself was probably a bit small for my liking, but wonderfully fitted out. The bathroom was a great size as well. The staff were amazingly courteous and prompt with any requests. It was also convenient staying on Nob Hill with Cable Cars literally at your door. If you're planning the touristy thing around San Francisco, make sure you get a City Pass early in the peace so you can take advantage of unlimited Cable Car/Muni transport as well as a Bay cruise and entry into a few museums. 4 days is definitely not long enough in San Fran.  
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stellar Service!  My stay at the Mark Hopkins Hotel was the perfect exclamation point to my San Francisco trip. Genuine, friendly, and impeccable service combined with a beautiful facility summarized my experience here. I had a club room on the 14th floor, which appeared new and was generously provided with cd and dvd players, designer toilettries, comfortable bed, and many other little things from toothbrush to umbrella, that really anticipated my every need. The view from my room was also nice. In response to complaints made towards the club access, it seemed to me that the hotel had worked the problems out, for the small extra I paid, was definitely worth it. The food at the lounge was very good, and nothing beats having the ability to check out late and having access to many personalized services. From the receptionist, to the housekeeper, to the driver of the house car, which I was offered to use on my way to the Caltrain station, all my interactions were provided with smile and welcoming response and action. Let me inform you however, that the location of the hotel, on top of a hill, can be challenging to some guests. Also, the hotel elevators were small and access to them can be time consuming during busy instances. These were minor problems however, for I will definitely come back to Mark Hopkins, on my return to this beautiful city.   
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>goodyear
<Content>Unpleasant experience I stayed 6 nights on the Club Floor Level, which was so unsatifactory that the Management credited me with one free night. The Club floor is poorly staffed and does not compare with other InterContinental properties. I have complained to InterContinental Head Office without getting any satisfaction. I would not stay there until something has been done to this very tired hotel.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Elegant Hotel I just completed a weekend stay at the Mark Hopkins. This hotel is a beautiful, classic and elegant architectural landmark. I booked online using a weekend package that included an upgrade to a mini-suite which turned out to be a gorgeous two room suite with separate living area with a sofa, upholstered chairs, a dining table with four chairs, a hallway with a beautiful bath off of it and a bedroom. It was like staying in an elegant tastefully decorated manor. The robes provided and the Penhaligon products in the bathroom were lovely. The room was clean clean clean, the furniture, upholstery, carpeting, and draperies were of the highest quality and like new. The front desk staff were extremely polite and helpful and granted our late check out request with a my pleasure. The head of housekeeping was in the lobby one morning and personally came over to me to inquire about our stay. She was lovely and personable and gave me her business card should I need anything. And no, I'm not a celebrity or weatlhy. To top it all off, our rate also included the breakfast buffet for two held in the Top of the Mark except on Sundays when it is held in the former Peacock room off of the lobby. The buffet was tasty, fresh and bountiful and even at $23 dollars if we had to pay for it, it was worth it considering it included all this, coffee and orange juice. After all folks, breakfast in a hotel in this city isn't going to be $5.95. I have stayed in many luxury hotels and this ranks right up there with the top five. What did I pay for all this luxury? $329 per night which isn't cheap by any means but it was well worth it!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>no way again bad experience We just returned froma four night stay at the mark. We were on the club level floor. First off the food in the room at the club was basically re used every day. Stale bread cheese that had hardend edges and it semed that the tables were left with dirty plates almost all day? All of the food at break fast and dinner looked recycled. The hotel was also in the middle of moving the club room to another floor yet they did not bothet to let anyone on the club floor know this so when we went in to select a movie we found a room that looked almost empty. We called down to see if we could still get a movie and we were told that the movies were in a locked cabinet so it would be impossible. For $429 a night they could have handled the move better in my opinion. The rooms themselves apeared nice and fresh UNTIL I opened the desk drawer which was filled with crumbs. Also the shower was was kind of nasty. Do not look under the beds if you have lost a slipper because there we found all sorts of dust balls and other asorted yucky stuff. My point?? This was too much money for these kinds of issues. Do not waste money on the club level..Also the folks at the front desk were a bit snooty.Cathy  
<Date>Mar 22, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bdout
<Content>Great Hotel Who am I ? (a mid 30s professional who vacationed with a mid 20s companion) The Mark Hopkins is understated, elegant and convenient. It is away from the noise and hassle of Union Square, but close enough to very easily walk there, to Chinatown, or to the Theater District/Tenderloin. I got the reservations on the web, and paid a small premium for an upper room, which was remarkably spacious, quiet, and had a view of Union Square -- all at an incredible price. My only interaction with the staff was cordial and professional -- they are there (and smiling)when you want them and invisible when you do not. I have stayed at multiple hotels in San Francisco, from the Clift to the Hyatt, and the Mark Hopkins is superior to them all. Nice place!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brothbart
<Content>Location Location Location We just got back from a mini vaction to San Fran. We had a great time. We spent a lot of time trying to decide which hotel to stay at and we made a great decision by staying here. It is in a perfect location, with great views. It is walking distance to chinatown, Beach Blanket Babylon (don't miss it), City Light Book store and other attractions. It is also with 2 blocks of the famouse trolley cars which will take you down to the wharf, past lombard street, Gary Danko's restaurant (don't miss it), and downtown. the room we had was very nice and the hotel staff was very helpful and pleasant. We had breakfast which was very good, but a little pricey (Go to Dottie's also within walking distance, a great place for breakfast cheap and huge portions and homemade bread. Gets busy though.) So if you want a nice hotel I suggest the Mark Hopkins or the Fairmont which is right next door.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the stay at the Mark I chose the Mark Hopkins Inter-continental after researching various online sources, including reviews from trip advisor users and was very pleased by my decision. The hotel offered excellent service from the minute you arrive on their property. Everyone from the valet, doorman, front desk, housekeeping was friendly and courteous. The location can be a little noisy on a weekend night even if your staying on the upper floors. (You're in the middle of the City and some noise should be expected.) Be careful using their phones to make local calls, they charge a $1usd per call. I would stay and recommend a stay here to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great experience - helpful staff! We visited San Francisco for the first time this past October and were not disappointed with our stay at the Mark Hopkins. It is certainly a luxurious hotel - and a great location. The staff was very attentive and helpful -- the concierge even found us great restaurant reservations for a Friday night even though we only asked that morning. If you don't mind spending the money it's a nice place. We used points for our stay so there was mininal cost, but otherwise would not likely spend the money.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cosmic_dot
<Content>Discriminatory service, shady billing practices Decided to stay at Mark Hopkins after reading these reviews. My stay was quite disappointing. Convenient location and the rooms are nice in general. While the bell boys were great, the receptionist were less friendly. The minute you check in, the staff began to push you to spend more at the establishment. Concierge weren't helpful in helping me find directions to the places that I asked about. The hotel needs to do something about the restrooms. It's systemic across all Inter-continental chains in the US. You can always hear the other ppl flushing their toilets! Sound proofing needs much more work. Nonetheless it is a gorgeous building. It's worth going there to pay a visit.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bental80
<Content>Great location, So-So service The Mark Hopkins has one of the best locations of any hotel in SF, and the views can't be beat. However, the service (particularly the front desk) tends to be very snooty. We were refused a room above the 3rd floor because we had a discounted rate (exact quote, said in a very disparaging tone of voice). Also received a lot of exasperated sighs from the front desk as well as the concierge for no apparent reason.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very enjoyable experience   showReview(1377480, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely place   showReview(1345852, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous! Worth every cent!   showReview(1226725, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mark Hopkins was outstanding!   showReview(1154838, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>True pampering...1st class hotel   showReview(1129689, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>pure elegance   showReview(1110054, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sublime   showReview(1029838, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Remander
<Content>Nice on Nob Hill   showReview(983251, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2003
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Old World Unstuffy Modern Elegance   showReview(859180, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Beautiful!   showReview(645796, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kjki
<Content>fantastico..   showReview(22163356, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NEOIB
<Content>Muy elegante   showReview(21742324, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍧傘伄琛椼倰婧€鍠?#x201d;   showReview(22855324, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>NIC6013
<Content>Tr猫s bon Etablissement       Vue de l'h么tel  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	-1	4	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉兂銈炽偆銉炽儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19166676, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>璞彲銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19164510, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Nicolas_from_Paris
<Content>Grande tradition h么teli猫re au sommet de Nob Hill       vue de la chambre executive  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>楂樼礆銉涖儐銉仹銇亗銈娿伨銇欍亴   showReview(19157998, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉庛儢銉掋儷銇笜   showReview(19930352, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈ゃ兂銈裤兗銈炽兂銉併儘銉炽偪...   showReview(19929295, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

