<Author>dahacker
<Content>Good, but stay in the Business district We chose this hotel mainly because we have a 3 year old and finding hotels with two room suites is difficult. We stayed in their two room kids suite and this was excellent for us. The second room has bunk beds for the kids and can be closed off so that they can go to bed early and the adults can stay up for a while longer.The hotel was clean and comfortable. Very little noise. Parking underneath the hotel is fine. The breakfast is not included in the price, but there is a restaurant on premises that serves a great breakfast.Location. It was not a prime location. It was about a 5 block walk to the space needle, which is good, but that is pretty much all there is to do there. You can take the monorail into the true center of town though. If I stayed in Seattle again, I would recommend staying more downtown in the business district or even south of that. Then just use the monorail to go from downtown to the space needle. Again, I wasn't disapointed with the hotel, just recommending a better location, so you can walk to restaurants, etc.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Patsina
<Content>Exceeded Our Expectations! We stayed here one night pre-cruise. Large clean room, adequate bathroom, helpful desk staff who booked a tour and called a taxi for us, excellent breakfast selection. A group of students was there that night but we never heard a sound from the hallway. The only possible drawback was that there's not much to do in the area right around the hotel, but we were able to take a taxi to Pike St. Market, and the tour bus picked us up right at the hotel the following morning and brought us to our cruise ship's terminal afterwards. This was our second stay at a Holiday Inn Express and both times they exceeded our expectations. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>Groupeventplanner
<Content>What are you expecting? I just returned from a 5 night stay at the Holiday Inn Express in Seattle. This is the typical hotel chain my husband and I stay at, to save a little money for everything else that goes into a vacation. This hotel is just fine for a Holiday Inn. I really think some people have some high expectations, and you can't do that here! We had a great room with a view of the Space Needle. Yes, there is traffic below, but I never noticed it. It's about 15-20 minute walk down to Pike Place Market, the real highlight of this city. Your best bet is to go down Battery to 1st Avenue. You will avoid most of the numerous homeless people that plague downtown Seattle. The room was very clean, breakfast was great, though very crowded. We only parked a car for 1 night, and after getting stuck at the end of the parking lot, we got a spot that fit our sedan rental. Parking is tight, but the price is not bad. I did a lot of research before going on this trip - months of research. I encourage anyone who enjoys walking to stay at this hotel and save some cash. I didn't find the monorail to be helpful in getting down to Pikes Place Market, it is better for the shopping district only. SafeCo Field was about 2 miles from the hotel and we walked to two games while we were there, not bad at all, as long as you take the right route. Through all of my research, I never saw information on the big homeless problem here, and most appear to be on drugs, so be cautious what you carry and the streets you take. We were never bothered, but I would have been uncomfortable if I were by myself.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>bruin-j
<Content>Anything you could possibly need! My mom and I stayed here for 2 nights on a short vacation to Seattle and were extremely happy with our accommodations here.Check in was a breeze (if only our car rental had gone as smoothly) and the front desk clerk was cordial and friendly, giving us suggestions for attractions and dining nearby.The room was clean and comfortable, and included a fridge, sink, coffee maker, and microwave in a pseudo bar area. They even included paper plates and utensils. Front desk and guest services were cordial and helpful, bringing me a full service set of extra coffee, mugs, spoons, sugar, half/half (which I suspect they borrowed from their on-site restaurant, Emerald Grill), when I only asked for extra packets of coffee and cream!One of the best things about this hotel was the full business center, open 24-hours, which is FREE to hotel guests. It was spacious (not like the closet-sized ones I've used in other hotels), had 2 computer stations with printers and a copy machine... all free of charge. I was able to get some late night work done thanks to Holiday Inn.My only two minor complaints are that the bathroom was rather small, and the indoor parking spaces ($10 per night) were also too small to fit a standard/full size sedan and most people ended up taking two spaces.Overall, I am extremely happy with my stay here and wouldn't hesitate to go back.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>TimmyB1957
<Content>A good place to stay on vacation We stayed here for three nights on our way to Hawai'i. It is a great place to stay, clean, comfortable, great free breakfast, etc. Make sure that you get a view of the Space Needle because, if you don't, you probably have a view of the hotel 5 feet behind this one!!! We are both runners and we also love to walk to places, so this hotel is right for people like us. If you don't like to walk more than a few blocks, you need to spend the big $$$ and stay closer to your places you want to visit. We easily walked to the Space Needle in about 10 minutes, downtown to the Pike Place area in about 30. One thing that is nice is if you walk to either area, the monorail that was built for the World's Fair in 1960 (?) still shuttles back and forth between the two areas for two bucks. It drops you off right at the very nice, downtown shopping district, only a few blocks from the Pike Place Market. Also, there are tours that will pick you up right here and take you to places like Boeing, etc.We paid about $160 per night, which includes all taxes, etc. For the money, a very good place to stay.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>stacyfortin
<Content>The real scoop ..... The location was very convenient, right downtown. Staff was very accommodating and helpful. Parking was a bit of a problem if you were arriving late - past 10:00 pm. In the hotel's defense I have yet to stay at a hotel in a large city with an abundance of parking. The elevator was painfully slow, allow extra time or get some exercise on the stairs. Continental breakfast was very good and the room was clean. Noise was fairly minimal, again when you stay in a large city you have to expect some noise from the high activity. If you are wanting a quiet retreat, consider a different destination all together. Five blocks from the Space Needle and about a twenty minute drive in high traffic to Safeco Field. Overall a positive experience and would use this hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>KLW610
<Content>Dissapointing Experience We had never been to Seattle and chose a Holiday Inn as we had always had a good experience there. We always have had good quality and a clean room. When we first got there we could not find a place to park. Not only that when we pulled up near the doors it was such a small area for people who were coming and going that I had to be sure to get in the drivers seat in case I needed to move the car. My husband got out only to find out that we were at the wrong Holiday Inn. There was another one on the backside in the same parking lot. So once we circled so we could pull up to the right hotel come to find out that the parking garage for our hotel was full and we were told we would have to park in the garage of the other Holiday Inn. So everytime we went to the car we would have to go downstairs out the building and down the way to the other hotel lobby downstairs to the underground garage. Not to mention the fact that this was a busy area and not sure of how great it was. So I was not too happy to walk around there with my 5 year old daughter. We got to our non-smoking room and smelled smoke the entire night we stayed there! Plus the fact that the building was old and the curtains didn't close! We had to use the blanket off the bed to cover the window. We paid $189 which was way too much for the worst hotel not to mention our first stay in Seattle. I was so glad we were only staying one night. Holiday Inn Express really let themselves go there.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	-1	-1	

<Author>Rose49
<Content>unhelpful If you encounter a problem, like we did, this would not be the hotel that you would want to stay at. The front desk was unhelpful, rude, smug and basically refused to do anything to help. When I spoke with the manger, she was equally unhelpful. She offered deep regrets and this was follwed by, but there was nothing we could do about it. We had booked this hotel because it was the only one left in the downtown area (now I know why it was the hotel of last resort). I would stay outside of town rather than deal with these folks.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	3	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>hpisles
<Content>Good times in Seattle Had a great stay at the Holiday Inn Express - thought it was kind of strange that they would have the Holiday Inn Express directly behind/front of (depending on street) from a regular Holiday Inn. We prefer the Holiday Inn Express for the free breakfast (which is quite good as far as Holiday Inn Express breakfast goes. We had a L shaped room with a king size bed and a sofabed at the other end. The view was of the space needle - Wonderful! Room was clean and quiet. Staff was friendly and very helpful. The location was exactly where we wanted - right on a major bus line (went directly to the Fremont District where the Summer Solistic Festival was held) and walking distance to everywhere we wanted to go - Pike Place Market, downtown, Space Needle, museums, etc. Very close to a small shoping area that had some great resturants!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mbruggeman9
<Content>Dont forget anything..it will take them 2-3 weeks to get it back to you!! The room was very nice, the elevators were mega slow. My overall stay was pretty good...until I forgot my WORK computer power cord in the room. I didn't realize till I got to the airport, and called immediately later that morning. Since its my work computer there is definitely a sense of urgency, and I tried to relay that. Well...here it is 12 DAYS later...and its still not here (in Chicago). I think they had it delivered via covered wagon. THANKS Holiday Inn Express Seattle City Center!!!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	3	4	2	

<Author>ac1510
<Content>For families First of all, do not get a suite room unless you want to face a freeway and the noise. Yes you can see the space needle but it's not worth the aggravation of a noisy night. Ask for a standard room that does not have a view of the space needle if you want quiet!This hotel is full of families and therefore lot's of kids. I had no problem with noise in my room though but the breakfast can be a little unnerving if you aren't used to a circus first thing in the morning. It's not very central for downtown. I would stay closer next time- similar prices at the Sheraton which was much better for location.The service though was very good and I found management went out of there way to accommodate people. I just feel the location isn't the greatest and it's really geared to families who will benefit from the cheap parking and free breakfast.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	5	-1	2	

<Author>gregdane
<Content>Good enough! I met my parents here for quick 3-day vacation after their 60th anniversary cruise to Alaska. They had also stayed here before their cruise. No major complaints- rooms were clean and large enough but no K in suites, Q-size only- :(Complimentary (ha!) breakfast very good for what it was but often resembles a cattle call during peak hours (7:30 to 8:30?). For some reason my room booked under my mother's name, hers booked under my name- ? Still trying to get that resolved and points credited to correct accounts.All in all, a nice stay and would recommend it if you're satisfied with an average national chain that still gets most things right.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>runningman_22
<Content>Slow Internet Connection - nice view I recently stayed here for three nights on business for a conference. I am used to staying in Holiday Inn Express hotels and they are usually hit or miss. This one is OK. It is within walking distance (10 mins) of the Seattle Center and restaurants, although a bit of a convoluted path since you have to cross over HWY 99 and you can only do that at one spot. It is not in the best of locations but good enough for the price. My biggest gripe is the internet connection!! Since I was there on business this was important to me and it as at dial-up speed. However, I did have a top floor room with a great view of the space needle. I probably would not stay here again.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	-1	1	

<Author>jcall
<Content>Mixed Feelings, Overall Okay... Unfortunately, I don't have any photos of the hotel this time as I was traveling with a group and didn't spend enough time at the hotel. We were only staying at this hotel for one night. The location is very close to the Space Needle / Experience Music Project. Right out front is Aurora Avenue, a confusing intersection, and a long tunnel entrance. Driving around the immediate area was very confusing because you cannot cross parts of Aurora due to the tunnel entrance. The Denny Street intersection one block south is another very confusing intersection too. Other than the noisy confusing location, the hotel is a great location just out of the main downtown area and still close enough to walk practically anywhere downtown if you're up to it. We walked from the hotel all the way down to the Aquarium in a short period of time. The hotel has 6 floor and two elevators, both of which were VERY slow. We gave up many times and just took the stairs, even though we were staying on the top floor. They seriously need to put in some more dependable, faster ones. The hotel also has underground parking for $10 a night, but we did not use it. When you first enter the lobby, it looks a little blah...not much decoration for such a large space. The front desk clerks were very nice and helpful including Kaleena! She helped us arrange buses to and from the Mariner's game way on the other side of downtown. They even stored our luggage when we were not in the room and away from the hotel. On the ground floor, the hotel offers a nice warm swimming pool, but surprisingly, no hot tub. Just adjacent to the pool is the breakfast room which was very busy and was hard to find a table at times. The food was very good, just like most Holiday Inn Express's since they have the same menus.  The rooms were a little on the small side with the bathrooms being the smallest. Wow, I think they were the smallest bathrooms that I had ever used! The rooms were very clean though, nice housekeeping staff. Top floor rooms have a partial view of the city on the backside and the Space Needle on the front side. For one night, the rooms were fine. If you're not too worried about glitz and glamour such as the Fairmont Olympic and other 4  5 star hotels downtown, this place isn't too bad for the price. Everything in Seattle is expensive so we weren't too shocked at the over $100 price tag on the rooms. Compared to other hotels in the immediate area, this was certainly the nicer. It's a safe area and close to most attractions. Would I return, mmmm, probably not, just because there is such a wide selection of other hotels that I would love to try. It's just an average hotel in the middle of a very busy city.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	5	4	3	4	

<Author>Gerturd
<Content>Loved It!!!! We loved our stay here. It is in a great location. Very near the space needle and many restaurants. The staff was very nice and knowledgeable about the area. We will stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ljc1347
<Content>Think I would pass Although the price was good (for Seattle), the room needed a good cleaning and updating. We have stayed at Holiday Inn Express that have the comfortable beds with new bedding, this one was disappointing. The toilet was plugged when we got into the room, there was a bag of food left in the microwave, the carpet was dirty, the curtains had a big stain on them and the blankets also had stains. The room had a busy freeway right out front, so I would suggest earplugs. We typically stay at holiday inn express because you know what you can expect but think I would pass on staying at this one again. On the upside, the staff was very friendly and we did have a good view of the space needle.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frecl
<Content>Great hotel with a view of the Space Needle I stayed for at this hotel during two nights (but not consequtive). As a Priority Club Platinum I was give a room with the view fo the Space Needle the first night. The second night I was given suite with separate bedromm and large hot tub. As the view of the Space Needle was great I recommend asking for this at checkin.Also note that even though the Space Needle is close you can not walk the closest way as there is a freeway right i front of the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>rubytue
<Content>Great in almost every way       Early morning view from our room in the Holiday Inn Express  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>PersVancouver
<Content>Very good property Great hotel. Clean convenient GREAT Breakfast. Really had a nice time. Only things that could have been better are not enough parking stalls and small pool and gym areas...Would recommend to others and would stay there again  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SONNYSMOM
<Content>Very Nice! I showed up expecting to be disappointed but I was pleasantly surpised. The hotel is somewhat out of the way, but is a short taxi ride from the Paramount if you are seeing a show there. Rooms were nice, and clean, Beds were comfortable and the sheets were clean and nice smelling. (trust me I look) I had forgotten my shampoo and conditoner and actually put the stuff they sampled in my hair! That was a big plus. If it is nice and warm out it is a nice walk to the Pacific Science Center, but that wasnt the case for us so we stayed in the room. We stayed the night before a Seahawks game so expect some partiers.. but hey who doesnt love football! The gentleman on the nightstaff were friendly and courteous and even called to see if I needed anything. The breakfast was great, and the breakfast room was VERY busy but the staff kept up and they were big hearty men eating before their day at the game. The only drawback, was housekeeping knocked on my door at 8am, and barged in scaring the crap out of my kid, so if you have one I recommend putting up a Do not disturb sign.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>MaineGirlAtHeart
<Content>great view, not so great location... I enjoyed my stay here at the Holiday Inn Express in Downtown Seattle mainly for the view. My room had a straight on view of the space needle, which was very cool. Not only that, the staff went out of their way to help me score the room.Unfortunately, it is on a major road making it quite loud. When I arrived, my telvevision and remote didn't work and it took some tries to get someone up to my room who could fix it. They staff were incredibly nice about it, though. And it did eventually get fixed by a maintence worker.The locations is.... walkable to downtown, but not in the nicest area. I didn't feel comfortable walking home alone at night, but the cab was cheap enough!My room is wonderful, clean, and as always-- free breakfast. I am not sure if I would stay here again, but it was nice to see the Space Needle up close and personal.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>hootydog
<Content>clean comfy bed and pillows traveled from TX having one day to see Seattle before moving on to Whidbey Island..Got a bus shuttle to hotel from SeaTac for $12.50 which was a good a tour of downtown, stopping at other hotels. The room was clean the beds extra comfy which was a relief after a long plane ride. Staff was smiling and friendly. Parking was $8 nightly so less than other hotels. Breakfast room was well stocked and nice but we only grabbed juice and coffee before opting to go to Pike Market for breakfast. Interesting that the breakfast room required a room key to enter, extra security is OK with me. Hotel is close to Pike Market. Friendly staff called a yellow cab for us, $5.50 to PikeMarket and no traffic hassles or parking worries. We used those yellow cabs several times and always friendly and proffesional. Once we used an orange cab and were charged 3 bucks more and got a rude driver, he lost his tip, Oh well. I would stay at this location againwhen visiting. The 2 queen room was pricey in my book but compared to the local hotels was within normal range.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>OllieMonster
<Content>OK hotel This hotel was a typical Holiday Inn Express - clean, comfortable rooms - but a little on the small side. The bathroom in our room was tiny and the shower was fitted too low.Our first room was incredibly noisy because it was by the elevator and the vending machines - the elevator was quiet, but they have the loudest ice machine that filled every 12 minutes. We asked to move room and our next room was fine and quiet.Location suited us because it was near to the space needle and we could use the monorail to go to the shopping district, pike place market etc. Not sure how late the monorail runs though.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>bunidoll82
<Content>Great Hotel... Great Location...Great Service I won a trip to Seattle for the whole weekend and the company choose my hotel. So I was sceptical but I loved this city and the hotel. Front desk staff are so warm and welcoming and the location is great. I cannot say one bad thing about this hotel. Highly recomend this hotel and everyone definately should visit Seattle!! Thank you Ashley and Jena  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Trvltwo
<Content>Nice hotel...Good Location We spent 1 night at the Holiday Inn Express City Center, prior to our Alaska cruise. I used my Holiday Inn points for a King Suite with Jacuzzi, and a Space Needle view. Although our room did not have a jacuzzi, which I wouldn't have used anyway, it was a very nice suite. It had a sitting area with sofa, a microwave, refrig, sink, and cupboards in the kitchen area, and a very small bathroom. The smallest bathroom I have ever seen in a hotel. The sink and counter area were located outside the bathroom, which seemed strange, but was actually nice to be able to use it, while my husband took a shower. The bed was very comfortable, the shower was awesome, and the suite was very clean. The suite had 2 windows, one of which was directly in line with the Space Needle...great view!! We walked all over the downtown area, as the hotel is within walking distance of everything. Downtown areas are not always the greatest, but we never felt unsafe. The Space Needle is only 4-5 blocks, and the Fish Market is around a mile, and the same to Pier 66. We ate at 13 Coins downtown, the food was very good, but very expensive!!The staff was very friendly, and very helpful with directions, and such. They do not have an airport shuttle, we took a cab, and I believe it was around $34.00. They do have a shuttle to Pier 66 though, that the front desk will arrange for you, it is $5.00 per person oneway. We enjoyed our short stay, and loved Seattle. We will be returning, and will definitely stay again at the Holiday Inn Express.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Robwca
<Content>Nice place to stay I stayed at the Holiday Inn Express on Aug 24th. on my up to Mt. Shuksan for a weekend climb, and back on Aug. 26th. from the mountains. The staff was very nice and accommodating. The rooms was very clean., and the breakfast was good. You're virtually right next door to the Space Needle. I could see it from my hotel room. I highly recommend staying here.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tlrtravel
<Content>Good location, good rooms, good price... We went to Seattle on a last minute trip, and booked this hotel day of for $188 w/BCAA discount....not a bad price. We thought the hotel was pretty good: -nice (if not a bit small) heated indoor pool-free continental breakfast (go early or it's a zoo in there!)-underground parking (a bit tight for SUV's but 'do-able')-short walk to liquor 'store' aka a gas station-a few quick blocks to the 'seattle centre' (space needle, carnival, etc)-a very short drive to Pike Place MarketWe had a 'mini suite', I think they called it. There was a king bed, a pull-out sofa, small kitchenette (fridge, microwave, sink), desk, tv, armchair, open vanity sink area (granite), and a closed room with toilet and large tub. Everything was very new from the carpeting to the bedding  towels.....very nice for a holiday inn!We had a great time here, and it was a very easy location to find. No complaints really, we even ate dinner at their restaurant and that was surprisingly good! We also had a view of the Space Needle from both of our room windows!Overall good value here, and a comfortable place to sleep :-)  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lhs1
<Content>Great stay Had a king suite w/ jacuzzi. Came with Fridge, microwave, small kitchen area. Room was clean and large but only had basic amenities (soap/shampoo/conditioner). 3 blocks to the bus which can take you to the water for $1.25. Not quite in the center of town but for the price the location was fine.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	3	4	3	

<Author>shadow6
<Content>Good Business Stayed for 4 nights in early June while on business. Had a suite which turned out very nice. Nothing fancy but everything worked and was clean. The sheets, pillows, and new bed spreads are nice and clean. Internet access did go down one day which was frustrating, but it was repaired and quite possibly not the fault of the hotel. Parking in the garage was convienient but VERY tight.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>toomuchtravel
<Content>Glad I did stay at Holiday Inn Express Last Night! Stayed four nights at this hotel in late June with wife and two boys (7 and 4) while in town for a conference. The front desk staff (Jena and Jeff) were great from the moment we checked in. I had several questions about stores, buses, attractions, etc. and they eagerly answered them all. Being a Priority Club member, I was even greeted with cookies! I splurged for a King suite with jacuzzi tub - it was great to have the extra space - basically a standard bedroom that had a sofabed, with a smaller bedroom connected with a door. We did look out the back at the adjacent Holiday Inn, but the extra space made up for the lack of a view. The oversized jacuzzi tub was great - like having our own hot tub!Internet worked well, but does require an ethernet cable. I have just started carrying one with me all the time. There is also a small business center in the lobby with two computers and printers - great for printing boarding passes.The kids (and I) enjoyed the indoor pool that was actually heated. True, it's not huge, but it is ample. Hey, it's the only decent hotel in the downtown area that has a pool. You can walk to the Space Needle and adjacent museums and amusement park in 5 minutes. It's an easy walk with signals to cross streets. You can also walk to a bus stop in the downtown free bus ride zone in about 5-10 minutes. The free ride zone covers a large area. You really don't need a car here. We worked our way down to the waterfront one evening and had a great meal at Fishermans. We took a cab back and it was only $10, including a $2 tip. I parked a rental car here the first night - yes, its tight parking, but not nearly as bad as I expected from the previous reviews. I returned the car on the first Monday (original plan - we had it for a week touring around the state - see other reviews for Sheraton Airport Portland, OR; Quality Inn Ocean Shores, WA; Quality Inn Port Angeles, WA; Qualtiy Inn Downtown Victoria, BC) so didn't have to park the remaining nights. We ate a dinner at the adjacent Holiday Inn - fairly plain food, but kids eat free - nice budget break during a two-week trip!I used the washer/dryer facilities one night - the detergent machine took my money - the front desk staff gladly gave me a box without question.Hint - if you have to have a rental car while in Seattle, reserve it from the downtown location - you can save ~$90 in taxes on a week's rental. It pays for the cab ride to the rental location and the town car ride from the HIExpress back to the airport and more. The hotel will arrange a town car to take you to the airport for a $30 flat rate - less than a metered cab fare.I would stay at this hotel again and highly recommend it for the staff service, pool, location near the Seattle Center complex (space needle, museums, etc) and proximity to the real downtown, considering the rates.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>biznestravler
<Content>Potential Peepers-with little hotel concern This was a mixed bag, but included one of the more disturbing moments in all of my stays at a hotel. I was in a room facing another hotel (Quality Inn I believe) and the Space Needle behind it. One night while in my room I was gazing out of my window at the space needle when I noticed a dark silhouette of a person pacing back and forth on the opposing hotel roof. As I looked closer I noticed the person had a camera and could see the red light blinking occationaly indicating he was in fact taking pictures, I can only assume at the windows in the Holiday Inn Express. Concerned I called the front desk immediately and informed the front desk clerk. To my astonishment, my concerns were all but disregarded as he informed me they were quite busy and he would call the other hotel when he had a moment. Appalled I asked for the number to call myself and did just that to inform the Quality Inn someone was on their roof, apparently taking pictures of the guests at the HIE.When I checked out, I once again explained the situation and my disbelief in the quality of response. This person was much more appologetic and responsive and did give me a follow-up call after I checked out saying they were checking into it with the other hotel. I understand things happen, and the person taking pictures was not on the roof of the Holiday Inn Express. What I can NOT understand is how low a priority catching a person peeping on your guests is given. I am a business traveler and was traveling alone. I don't imagine the guy was taking pictures of someone like myself...but to imagine someone taking pictures of my wife, daughter or mother is very upsetting. To not do anything about it-is infuriating! Needless to say I will never stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	3	-1	2	

<Author>Icebear
<Content>Good place to stay       View on the hotel from Space Needle  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ficas
<Content>not bad, not great! The Holiday Inn Express in Seattle is pretty much what you'd expect for the money, but there are a few things I would have liked to have known before booking it.The wash basin is in the bedroom - not a major issue, but because of this the bathroom is really small, and there isn't anywhere to put your belongings, no basin means no handy shelf, and as the bath is moulded up the wall there's very little space here either.There are no proper curtains! The windows are dressed with a sheer curtain and curtain panels on either side, the panels don't move, so if you'd like an afternoon nap, or a long lie-in it's going to be difficult as you can't block out the light.Aurora Avenue N has a barrier all along the centre of it so you have to cross the street at the junction south of the hotel (Denny Way), no big deal, unless you're really tired from lots of walking and you can see your hotel but just have to walk that little bit further to get to it.As I said it's nothing major, but just a couple of things I'd like to have known.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	3	4	3	3	

<Author>chunerrr
<Content>Pretty good for my visit Arrived a couple of days after the Labor Day long weekend so lots of spare rooms. Put my up on the top floor, almost like a penthouse.Expensive though.Small bathroom, the sink is actually outside, in the room. Very weird.Free internet.OK service, OK breakfast. Average location. Average cleanness.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	5	

<Author>lulubirdy
<Content>very happy during our stay We stayed here from 4/2-4/5 and then again with late check in on 4/7 to fly out early the next morning. On 4/2, after a long plane ride, the staff gave both kids cookies and water on arrival. The room was comfortable, nice pool open until 11pm and free internet. The location was perfect, near Space Needle, monorail and bus stops. There was enough choices for breakfast to satisfy all. When we returned late on 4/7, we did not receive the same warm welcome with cookies, etc., but it was still nice. Also on 4/7, the internet room was closed and we would have loved to check in for our flight online. Also I liked our first room a little better, but still no complaints. It was clean and roomy. We just enjoyed the first stay so much more. We did not even get breakfast during the 4/7 stay because we checked out so early the next morning. The staff did arrange for a town car to the airport at $30 which is much less than a cab. In hindsight, I should have just checked for a late flight home on 4/7.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>ashenrider
<Content>Incompetent, rude Well we never actually got to stay here, a group of us girls (5 total) booked a suite through the hotel website as a priority club member. We prepaid and our credit card was charged. When we actually showed up to check in imagine our surprise when they had given away our room. We were even more surprised when they told us that we had not actually paid for the room and that they could give us another smaller room for $100 more. A phone call to our credit card company proved that the room had been charged. They would not help us or even get their manager. A few phone calls later to corporate office and several apologies later we were promised a full refund. Yipee! But that didn't give us a place to stay. Luckily the Travel Lodge across the street was able to accomodate our group last minute and even saved us money. I would be a little leary booking through this chain, especially if you need to be assured a room will be there for you when you try to check-in. Only the very flexible should attempt staying here.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Harvsman
<Content>Great Base for a tourist! I stayed at this place back in Aug 05 for 3 nights and thought it was great!I had a room on the 3rd floor facing the highway and yes it was a little noisy but fortunately i was still a little jetlagged so i didn't hear it half the time as i slept like a log!The rooms were quite comfortable and spacious and the Tv had quite a large selection of cable channels.As for the hotel facilities i never used the pool so can't comment on that but i did use the gym and although small it was quite sufficient.They had coin operated laundries on site, and in the reception area you present your hotel keycard to reception and they give you free internet access in a little room they have off to the side!I found the staff very helpful and courteous!It is located in a nice safe area about a 15 min walk to pioneer square, markets, wharf, city centre etcAll in all an excellent experience!  
<Date>Dec 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>travelpassion
<Content>Excellent base for seeing Seattle. Five of us (family) stayed in this hotel for a 3-night city break. We had a 2-bedroomed suite with a total of 3 double beds and a sofa bed. The two bathrooms came in very handy and the small kitchen area with a large fridge was also very useful. The rooms overlooked the Space Needle and were very clean if a bit small. There is secure underground parking at extra cost but on street parking is extremely limited so it is best to use the hotel car park. The hotel is not ideally situated, the front is situated on a very busy dual carriageway but it is only a five minute drive to the centre of Seattle and a 10-minute walk to the Space Needle. We walked into the city centre a couple of times and it took about 25 minutes but was quite pleasant. The hotel has a small swimming pool and a reasonable American Continental Breakfast is served in a small breakfast room. This was one of the best value accommodations in Seattle and we were more than happy with it.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>HamonGrande
<Content>Notably nice than the Holiday Inn on the same block behind this one If Holiday Inn is your preference, stay at this one on Aurora... and not the very dated Holiday Inn on Dexter.One complaint... the parking is below in a locked garage (nice to have in Seattle weather) BUT the spots are exceptionally small. Get a compact if you rent a car... otherwise you are making a few attempts to park - especially if you arrive after most spots are filled.Several decent dining options within walking distance.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	3	-1	3	

<Author>a1scuba
<Content>Holiday Inn nothing more nothing less I had to fly out to Seattle on a last minute assignment. A third party made the hotel arrangments. This property is located about 40 minutes from the Airport. It is a tad confusing because the Holiday Inn Express backs up to a Holiday Inn, Also the traffic pattern getting into and away from the hotel is also somewhat confusing. The room I had was small and faced Aurora, a very busy and loud street. The Space Needle hovered outside my window about 2 blocks away. Between the rain and the fan on the heater it drowned out most of the noise. Even though small the room was clean and comfortable, refigerator, coffee pot were in good shape. The attached restaurant, the Emerald Club was good for a sandwich and a beer. To me this was a typical Holiday Inn - almost like a McDonalds hamburger, about the same no matter where you are... If the company was paying I might stay here again - if I was paying I'd probably look for a Hilton property further out.GreggDeltastr@aol.com  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	5	4	3	

<Author>Travel Lady2004
<Content>Superb Choice       Room View 2  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EtherealGirl
<Content>Never again! My daughter and I spent one miserable night at this property. Yes, it's close to all the attractions of Seattle center but..The beds were hard and uncomfortable. The noise from Aurora Ave being right outside was unbearable and made it impossible to sleep. If you do stay here, request a room on the alley side! As other posters have said, the parking is HORRENDOUS. I drive a small car and had difficulty maneuvering in and out of the parking space. Oh, and if you leave and return later in the evening, expect the parking garage to be full when you get back!The people in the room above us were having a party. We called security and they quieted down... for about 10 minutes. Another call... 10 minutes of quiet then it was back to jumping on the beds....another call.. and nothing changed. I would think that, after that many complaints, the hotel staff would have asked them to leave!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	3	1	3	

<Author>Kelly5612
<Content>Stay elsewhere All I really want out of a hotel room is a comfortable bed and a hot shower -- and this place could not even provide those two things consistently.Our non-smoking request was ignored and when I refused to take the Marlboro Factory suite they tried to give us, they downgraded us to a queen/sofabed room, promising to move us. That never happened. The room did not come with a safe and they were unable to provide a security box for me (we can't find the keys). There was no hot water one morning. The remote didn't work. The soda machines were broken. I called the front desk twice during a 3-night stay and was told someone would get back to me. No one ever did.Petty complaints? Yeah, some are. But when they accumulate on a daily basis, something is wrong with the hotel. Management seems unfamiliar with the phrase the devil is in the details. (By the way, the general manager is really good at ignoring complaints and phone calls. I'm *still* waiting.)  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>tapdancer77
<Content>Not too bad for Seattle!! This hotel is not bad at all! I was a little worried after I booked it on Priceline for $125 a night using name your own price...after the experiences some others on this board had had. What I can say is, not a bad job at all! The hotel was nicely decorated, cute, and the free breakfast definitely made it worth it! It was also not far from Seattle center (though we had a friend who was a native show us around and he had a car). One complaint: The desk staff man when we checked in late at night (midnight or so) was too happy yakking it up with another customer and should have asked the guy to wait while we checked in. Very unprofessional! Though he hemmed and hawed about it, I asked for a king room away from rte 99 and got exactly what I asked for! Well done. Overall grade: B  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>mattressmonkey
<Content>good location We stayed 2 nights 4 days apart. The first room was great-alot for the money. The second room was kinda gross. The bathtub drain was clogged with hair and there were numerous stains on the carpet. Good views of the space needle in both rooms. Easy walk to the free bus line. Desk service is hit or miss- I advise you call your own taxi. There was a seafair parade in the area with street closures-we called prior to arrival to ask which streets were closed and the front desk had no clue. He advised we try to park on the street somewhere and walk. We made it to the parking lot by taking back streets and asking cops. I like Holiday Inn Express-we had the queen mini suite gov. rate of $124. good deal.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	2	2	-1	4	

<Author>linda12452
<Content>Great place to stay Room was wonderful, air was cold, breakfast was delicious, staff was helpful...great place to stay!! It's right near the Space Needle and attractions.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JayZecky
<Content>Noisy hotel I am using the hotel's internet now to write this review. While it's not the fastest, I'm not trying to download anything substantial. The Fry's ad came up a tad slow but this is way better than dial-up.Anyway, this place is noisy. I can hear the road. I can hear my neighbor pulling on the toilet roll. Worse of all, there is a couple of young elephants running loose upstairs.The king bed suite is clean, spacious. Elevators are slow and hot inside. Fortunately, I'm only on the second floor. There is a stairway that leads downstair.The area is not the greatest. I got off work a little early and walked over to the Pike Market Place. It's warm today and I actually worked up a sweat getting there. That place is lively and full of tourist. I got a couple of mangoes and they are sweet. Anyway, it's very walkable but there is nothing worth writing about in between. If you can afford more, stay right in the city center. My employer will only pay $120. That's why I'm here.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	1	4	4	3	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceeded expectations I booked a 2-queen-bed suite at this hotel for a one-night stay for four people from July 3-4. I made the reservation on the Holiday Inn Express web site and got their internet special rate. After taxes, it came out to about $175. We were not charged extra for having more than two people (other hotels may charge extra per person). Parking is only $4.50 per day, which is extremely reasonable compared to the cost of parking ($10-$30) at some of the other hotels in the downtown Seattle area. (Having to pay for parking in the downtown of a big city is to be expected. You either have to search their web site or call the hotel to see what they charge.) The parking lot, however, is rather small and the spaces are tight. We had rented a Ford Taurus and I had to back in-and-out a few times to get in/out of the parking space.Our room (second floor) had a nice view of the Space Needle, but it also faces Aurora Ave., a busy street. With the fan turned off, there is noticeable street noise at night--lighter sleepers may find this to be too loud. I only expected there to be one bathroom, but there were actually two full bathrooms, which was convenient. There were also two TVs. I guess they took two bedrooms and converted it into a suite by putting a door in between. I had reserved a non-smoking room and there was not a trace of smoke in the room.Their complimentary continental breakfast was nothing spectacular, but free food is free food and it beats having to go out and search for a place to get breakfast. We didn't use the high-speed internet, pool, or gym, but I did see a room in the lobby with a few computers. As for service, nothing to rave nor complain about.All in all, for the price we paid, I thought it was a really great deal.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay but nothing Special I know many have written good things about this hotel. I wanted to comment on my stay of 8 days June 28-July 5.Price:Average about $120 per night for two doubles.Location: The hotel had terrible logistics because the hotel is on a major highway. Lot's of noise from traffic. No way to directly or safely cross the street. Directions to hotel will change according to north I5 or south I5 arrival. The hotel is very close to Space Needle but how many times will you go there. Also this hotel is close to transient central - lots of vagrants nearby and it was kind of scary for families but not completely unsafe depending on where you walk and when.Breakfast:Yes there was variety and the cinnamon rolls were good but the same food every day no alternating. The toasters did not work correctly; they were very slow and only two for about 100 people. Space was limited but there seemed to be ample seating. The bagels were stale at times as were the English muffins. Apples were good (it is Washington). Overall you could get full but after three days I started gagging at the same menu and we began visiting Starbucks, BNO Cafe and Cafe Vivace on the east side. It was an average breakfast but not as good as the Hampton or Silver Cloud.Rooms:Clean enough and they had extra pillows but they were short of towels and we had to continually ask for more. The light on the outside of the bathroom was aggravating.Politeness:Here is where I differ from other reviews. I found the hotel employees rude and terse. They seemed to be to busy with their own little duties to answer simple questions or fix problems. One morning the keyed entrance to the breakfast room malfunctioned and I had to continually get up and let folks in to get breakfast. I found this to be aggravating so I prompted the door open only to have the manager un-prop the door so I did it again and waited for her and when she arrived to undo the door prop I told her about the situation and she was very terse.Parking:Oh my god what a nightmare. The spaces are so narrow you coan only park a Toyota Corolla or a Neon. So if you have an SUV or a minivan you will need to park two blocks down in a public lot unsecured. And BTW the parking was $5 a day extra which I was not told about. They had a huge concrete pillar every other space which made parking that much more difficult. So unless you arrive at the hotel early or leave your car parked at the hotel your entire stay, forget using the secured lot. Remember the region of town the hotel is located in is sketchy. Pool:The pool was small but relatively clean (except for the tile around the edges) and sometimes heated and sometimes not. A hot tub would have been nice. Still we enjoyed it after a day of walking around town. Did I say small? 5 people was the max it would hold comfortably. The towels ran out several times and they were more like hand towels then beach or pool towels. You needed two of them at least to dry off.Elevators:Medium to slow and they creaked and groaned. At one point the elevator was full and it made a snapping sound like the cable was going. It appeared to have some kind of braking problem.Internet Access:Free but very slow and you had to get a cable from the front desk to make it work.Hotel Staff:Like I said they were preoccupied with their own little duties, too much so to be bothered with the hotel guest飦? It was difficult to even locate someone at times the front desk was not manned.Summary:Hotel needs to:1)Vary the breakfast and add more variety.2)Clean the pool tile and make sure it is properly heated at all times. Also get bigger towels and make sure they are restocked.3)Fix the elevators.4)Train hotel staff to be there for the paying customers and inform the guest better on hotel features and policy. Teach them to smile and quit the chitchat while customers are waiting at desk.5)Put more towels in the bathrooms.6)Provide internet cables in rooms.7)Provide courtesy van to downtown center. Most hotels in downtown Seattle have this.8)Make sure people are aware of directions to hotel.9)Ensure guest know where to park. Have VANS and SUV鈥檚 park in public lot. Include $5 cost of parking in registration fee.I love vacation and spending time with my wife and kids. I also love it that they did not notice any of this. Oh to be young again. They will only remember that we had a great time.Nevertheless, like the Dyson vacums slogan states 鈥淚 just think things should work properly鈥?br/>Have a great time on your Holiday Road and may your vacation worry free.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>tomu023
<Content>Great Location  Just got back from Seattle Jul 1-Jul 3 , 2006 During my two nights staying at this hotel, i feel it's great to stay with HI express.They have fitness room, indoor pool, and **Above Ave. Contine. BK**The location is awsome as you walk to Space needle within 10 plus mins or 20 mins to Nordstrom. Internet access is a plus But bring your enternet cable! or simply use the one computer at lobby.The 24 hrs gas station across the street can pretty much fill the need for anything you probably would be looking for. e.g. Water/ Drinks....etcHowever, there are also a few things i dont think about this hotel:We wanted two rooms with interconnected door so that we can chat easily with each other during our stay, and they forgot about it by giving the room next door to another guest to check in. But They did manage and luckily finding another pair of room with interconnected door for my group of people.Crowded BK lounge room (less people around 910-10am if you plan to have their BK)but do remember they close their BK at 10amSmall Parking space even for those spots on the ground In overall, I will for sure go back there again if I am planning to visit Downtown Seattle next time :)  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>kelad
<Content>Loved It!!! We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights during April 17th-18th, We were really excited to find our room had a great view of the space needle which was only a 5min walk away.Our room was very quiet even though we were overlooking the main road. The room had a modern look and was very spacious. We had a King size bed to die for.The only negative was that there was no fridge. Although there were Ice machines on all levelsThe business centre in this hotel has free internet access.The continental breakfast was very good. There was a free bus zone about a 5min walk from the hotel, which takes you into and out of the city centre between the hours of 9-6pmWe felt very safe in the area surrounding the hotel, but a little less so in the city centre after dark.Would definatley recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>floridadude
<Content>good hotel I had no problem with parking I highly recommend this hotel. Good restaurant next door at the holiday inn  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Lisa1974
<Content>Parking aside, a great hotel! The hotel itself is great but be prepared for a parking nightmare. The underground garage is secure (entry via room key-card) but extremely small; it's easy to see how there are 110 spots because they are very narrow so you have to ooze out of your car. As a result of the sardine-packing, trucks  SUVs were taking two spots, which didn't help with scoring one. (I'd be interested in how many door dings take place there.) Anyway, we arrived on a Friday night at 10 p.m.  the very nice front desk clerk said there were likely no open spots  to park in the above-ground lot near the hotel (the hotel would pick up the tab), but we got lucky  snagged the last spot in the garage, then got filthy squeezing out of our car. But if you are staying local  don't need to use your car, this won't be an issue for you.Which is one of the benefits of this hotel -- you don't need a car to see the city highlights. The hotel is within walking distance of the Space Needle  surrounding attractions,  it's only three or four blocks from the nearest free zone bus stop (although I think a paid bus ride to Pike Place Market would only be $1.50-ish one way).We stayed two nights in room 605 (top floor), which had a view of the Space Needle. The room had a sofa, coffee table  desk. It was very quiet even though it faced a busy road. We borrowed a cable from the front desk for FREE Internet access on our laptop so that was a bonus -- all hotels should offer free Internet access in their rooms!Room  hotel was clean (something I am VERY picky about), the free continental breakfast offered lots of choices (waffles, fruit, bagels, cereals, juices, etc.)  the staff was very friendly  helpful. I am rating it above average only because of the tight parking; otherwise, it's a great place.  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JenPerna
<Content>Amazing View and Perfect Location!!! Stayed at the Holiday Inn Express Seattle Center last week during my spring break. I loved this hotel so much!!!!!! My room had a perfect view of the Space Needle, which was exciting. I could easily walk the 3 blocks to Seattle Center (where the Space Needle and many other cool attractions are located) or it was a little longer walk (20 minutes or so) to the Waterfront area's shopping and restaurants and Pike Place Market. I never had to use my car!! The staff is warm and friendly, and helped me on several occasions to arrange tours and pickups. The breakfast is wonderful (including warm cinnamon rolls) and served in a beautiful room just used for breakfast. My room was large and comfortable, and quiet despite facing the busy freeway. For being in such a central location, the rate (under $100) was also great!! There were 2 computer stations in the lobby for free Internet use, and a small gift shop in the lobby stocked with small items and souvenirs. I loved the Holiday Inn Express Seattle Center!!On the downside--the underground parking was a bit scary with tiny parking spots. My advice is to try to grab one of the above ground spots along the front of the hotel. I grabbed one of those, then didn't have to move my car the entire time! Also, it can be hard to exit the hotel by car because of all the one way streets and the freeway in front, so just be cautious when exiting.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>katilynn
<Content>Great Location and View My husband and I had the pleasure of staying at this hotel on January 22nd. We had a great view of the city and also got to enjoy the Seahawk championship game at Emeralds Grill right next door. The service at the restaurant was great and the employees at the hotel were friendly. The only problem that we found was the noise from the traffic but what could one expect when you're in a big city. We would stay at the the Holiday Inn Express again in the future.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel for Visiting Downtown Seattle I was very surprised by the Holiday Inn Express in Seattle. I wasn't expecting much and planned the trip at the last minute. The main purpose of the trip was to see a couple of Mariner games and see the Seattle Underground, Space Needle, and Pioneer Square. If you are visiting downtown area attractions and don't mind walking a few blocks to catch the free (till 7pm) Metro bus service then the Holiday Inn Express is worth the money. In return you get a clean hotel in a safe area. My wife and I had no problem walking from Safeco Field to the hotel after 10pm as the streets are well lit. The walk takes about 30 minutes or you can easily catch a bus on 1st avenue. I didn't have any problems with the accomodation but be prepared to wait for the elevator as it was a bit on the slow side. For the asking price ($124 per night) you get a very good deal. The front desk will also arrange a town car for your trip to the airport (costs about the same as a cab ride but provides more space for luggage).  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>#1 Spot for location to anywhere on foot for attractions! This is one of the best hotels out there today, I would suggest this place to anyone that can afford it. We stayed in the mini suite room, which was for our 4 years anniversary and it was all it was expected to be. The only thing that I was mad about for paying $208.00 for the room was that it did not come with any robes, which I thought it did, but o well, the view we had from room 440 made up for it, we got a picture window of the space needle which was beautiful at night. This hotel come with everything. Two free internet acsses computer in the lobby and you can print anything you want without a charge. They have a roller rack so you do have to lug around your crap up and down the elevators too. The breakfest was awesome too, there was everything, waffles, baggles, bannans, cinnimon rolls, toast, cearl, fresh orange juice, fresh apple juice, and with it all to boot, it was set up in a very nice eatery! The pool was awesome too. The room was pretty clean to par, fresh nice big fluffy towels in the rooms. Also free parking in the garage was good didnt have to keep looking out at my new 2005 camery, I knew that it was nice and safe in the parking garage. All in all the hotel is ok, I rate it above average!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MrSnarkyPants
<Content>Great location, good quality This hotel is within walking distance of Seattle Center, the Space Needle, and the Experience Music Project. Rooms are well furnished and comfortable. They're remodeling as I write this; the room I am in hasn't been done yet (the new decor scheme is posted in the lobby) but everything is in good order. The high speed internet access is free - bring your own ethernet cable. WiFi is not available. Lower floors on the side facing the Space Needle get a lot of road noise from Highway 99, but the other side of the hotel faces directly into the Holiday Inn on Dexter Avenue (there's a narrow alleyway that separates the two hotels) so ask for a room with a view and crank up the AC unit's fan to drown out the road noise. I'd stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Clive1
<Content>Good location The Holiday Inn Express is about a 5 minute walk from the Space Needle and the Monorail which goes into the commercial centre. The hotel was comfortable and clean, and had a heated indoor pool and small gym. The staff were helpful and everything was done well.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Quality Hotel for the Price I stayed here prior to a cruise May 14-17, the hotel is going through quite a bit of contruction, they are updating their lobby and also rooms. I was lucky enough to get a room that was just upgraded and totally redecorated. The rooms are a very good size, the hotel staff couldn't have been any more helpful, they were great. This hotel has a great continental breakfast downstairs in one of their rooms. Coffee, cereal, cinnamon buns, waffles, etc. The Holiday Inn Hotel is right next door and has a great restaurant. Space Needle was within walking distance as was downtown. This hotel is right off the highway, our room was in the back facing the Holiday Inn, if you get a room on the highway side I would presume this could be very noisy as this is a major highway. Got this room for $60 on Priceline, great deal, great hotel! Walked downtown to Budget, about a 10 minute walk and rented a car for two days, never was charged for parking overnight. They have parking on the outside of the hotel and also underneath which I did not see. All in all I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>maryk1968
<Content>Excellent Value Well worth the price!!! The room was a genuine suite with two bathrooms! and the sink and mirror were outside!!! Super continental breakfast, lots of choices and fresh fruit!!! Coffee avialable at the lobby when you came in after walking from downtown.THe only downside is the major arterial running outside that you must go around to cross and our weather was a little crummy. Other than that it was all that it claimed to be!!We will be back!!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Texas_JohnNY_Number1
<Content>Ah'll be baaack (in fact I did go back) For me to return to a hotel a year later means it's all good.In Oct. 2004 I stayed three enjoyable nights here, just like I did in Aug. 2003.Nice, clean rooms, some with great views. I wasn't sleepless when woke up in my king-size bed looking right at the Space Needle.The continental breakfast gets 4.5 out of 5 stars. Lotsa variety. Nice display. Regular replenishment. Fresh stuff. Try the tasty hot cinnamon roles -- I really didn't think I could fit three in my mouth at once...A block away in front of a local TV station is the downtown-bound bus stop. The returning bus stop is just across the street from the hotel. That's convenient. It's a 10-15 minute walk to the Space Needle from the hotel.Staff at the hotel is courteous, from first floor on up. They knew how to answer a question in English and provided what I needed.C'mon, you ask, I know it wasn't all perfect, Texas Johnny -- you're a known complainer. OK OK, the elevator is slow to arrive and slow to ascend/descend. The in-room AC unit thermostat isn't digital.Value is important. I want all the above at a decent price. That way I have money left over to eat at Ivor's Acres of Clams and other fine restaurants, and pick up some souvenirs for the twins (the daughters are not really twins but it bugs 'em to call 'em that).This hotel gives bang for the buck. For the time I spent in my room and eating breakfast, it's sweet in Seattle. -If you like this review check out mine for HoJo South Padre Island-  
<Date>Nov 24, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing special Positives - walking distance to downtown and Space Needle.- rooms clean- good priceNegatives- very busy at breakfast and a large number of families with small children running everywhere- hotel is located next to a busy highway (noise)- long queues at check out and not many staff working  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't expect too much Positive: It was reasonably priced, the room was sort of clean, the breakfast was good, and the walk to the Space Needle was not too bad (expect panhandlers). Negative: The parking garage is ridiculously tiny and my car was damaged by someone trying to get out of a parking space. I can hardly blame them as the spaces are very small and the garage is overcrowded (they did charge us $4.50 per day for parking). The neighborhood around the hotel is not so good, so street parking is a bad alternative. Our first room faced Aurora Avenue and the noise was deafening, we changed rooms to the back of the hotel, and lost our view of the space needle but gained the ability to speak to one another in the room. There were THREE FALSE FIRE ALARMS in our two day stay that caused everyone to file down to the street, annoying to say the least (and concerning if there is a real fire as no one seems to pay much attention to the false alarms). As in another review I tried to connect to the internet via the phone line and had many problems that eventually led to a system crash in my laptop (my advice DO NOT try to access the internet from this hotel using the phone line) I have never before or since had a problem using dialup connection. I would not stay there again as there were just too many hassles. If you are looking for a cheap deal, then this is place, but keep your expectations low so you are not disappointed.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good hotel, but watch out for parking charges! This HI Express is a very good deal, ideally located a few blocks from Seattle Center (Space Needle, etc.). The breakfast is plentiful, but be forwarned, they don't have the cinnamon buns so heavily advertised in HI Express commercials! They also have a nice, albeit small, indoor pool,usually filled with kids. We stayed on the top floor facing the back side (not the Aurora Ave. side), which turned out to be very quiet and had a decent view of the city, although not the Space Needle. It was worth the quiet to stay on the back side of the hotel. My biggest complaint was that, although they advertise (on Travelocity, for example) that they have free parking, lo and behold at checkout there was the 4.50 per day charge. Not exorbitant, but when I pointed it out to the manager he feigned ignorance. He did refund my money, but it all made me feel like they were a little sneaky. Most people probably wouldn't even notice, much less challenge the charge...so print out the web page where it states this and make sure you have it at checkout!!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice view of the Space Needle When I searched for hotels in the Seattle area, I wanted a place that was central enough so that I wouldn't need to rent a car. At the same time, I wanted a clean, above average room located in a safe area that would meet my budget. The Holiday Inn Express met all of my needs. The rooms are standard equipped with hair dryer, iron, ironing board, coffee maker, alarm clock, and television. It would have been nice to have a mini refrigerator and or a microwave, but weren't necessary. I think that the Holiday Inn directly behind this hotel, located on Dexter, would have these extra amenities. I don't know what it would have cost to stay there. The continental breakfast offers a number of choices (waffles, cereal, bagels, juice, coffee, tea, etc.). Not enough seating area though so I ended up taking the food back to my room. Being that I had a view of the Space Needle from my room, it wasn't a major inconvenience. The hotel is located within walking distance of the Seattle Center. From this area, a shuttle is available ($1.50 each way) to the Westlake Center(----------------------). It would usually be a monorail, but it is currently closed to to a fire in May. The shuttles run just about every 10 minutes. Westlake Center is a nice downtown shopping area that is within approximately 3 blocks of Pike Place Market. Overall, a nice place with friendly staff. Good location, but if you plan on walking to all of your destinations...plan for rain.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Good Dowtown Bargain Spot If you鈥檙e looking for a good bargain hotel in downtown Seattle, this is the place for you. We just returned from a trip and spent 4 days in Seattle. We paid $115/night plus $4.50 for parking. If you check around early enough you might be able to get the price down some. The rooms were clean even if the hallways are a little 鈥渦sed鈥?looking. It鈥檚 weird that this hotel sits right across the alley from the regular Holiday Inn. I don鈥檛 know what the prices are there, but the hotels look exactly the same. The 鈥渞egular鈥?Holiday Inn has a restaurant on site, but we never ate there so no recommendation. The hotel features a very extensive continental breakfast鈥ne of the better ones for my money. We got our fill every morning, even if we were showing up between 9-10. The hotel is in a good location, even with the panhandlers near by. In fact, a block away must be one of the best begging corners in Seattle, as every time we walked by there it was occupied, even at one in the morning. The Space Needle and EMP is about a 10 minute walk (6 blocks). From there you can catch the monorail (or in our case a shuttle as the monorail was closed due to a recent fire) to downtown. The monorail stop downtown leaves an easy walk to Pike鈥檚 Market, the underground tour, etc. Also, on the way to the Space Needle is the 鈥淩ide the Duck鈥?tour. We highly recommend the amphibious tour. It was lot of fun. Near the hotel are several restaurants: a pizza parlor which was okay; Minnie鈥檚 caf茅, about 8 blocks away, which we walked to at midnight for dessert. Don鈥檛 mind the way the staff looks, the food is good; and the Five Points Caf茅, which looks like a real dive, but the food is very good. Minors are allowed in until 9pm. Again, it looks like something you鈥檇 want to avoid, but good food at good prices. ***Now for the bad stuff about the hotel. First, the secure underground parking is horrible if you鈥檝e got anything bigger than an economy car. It is very difficult maneuvering, and a limited number of spaces are available. If you don鈥檛 get a space before they fill up, they direct you to an outside lot, up near the panhandler. Not the ideal spot, especially of you鈥檝e got a rental car and didn鈥檛 get all of the exorbitant insurance. Second, the rooms have free local calls, but when trying to connect to the internet with our laptop we kept getting disconnected by the phone system after about three minutes. I asked the staff to check the line, but don鈥檛 know if they ever did. It never did work right (the next hotel in a different city we connected fine). Finally, getting an early morning wake up call by the fire alarm was no fun. I read some of the other reviews, and this wasn鈥檛 the first report of this happening. Maybe it鈥檚 the hotels way of getting you out of the rooms early for housekeeping. All in all, if you鈥檙e on a budget, I鈥檇 recommend this place.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than expected. Great hotel, great price. Customer service was superb. Would stay again, and recommend.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ILoveTexas
<Content>Nice Stay Clean, comfortable room; nice breakfast; courteous staff; good value.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location! I searched and searched for a hotel in the downtown Seattle area that didn't cost an arm and a leg, that also had a pool, and didn't have expensive parking. This is what we settled on. First, the pros: We were able to check in early, were given the floor we requested, and enjoyed the good service. The breakfast was plentiful....we had plenty to eat. We had a view of the Space Needle. Our room was very clean...in fact, the entire hotel was really clean. The location is good. Had the downtown monorail been working, we could have walked to it and then ridden it downtown, but it wasn't due to a fire. The cons: parking is difficult here unless you have a compact. One night, we had to park on the street because the outside lot was full and the spots in the parking garage were just too small or had pillars in the spots or were just too had to navigate with a truck. While the breakfast was plentiful and yummy, the seating area is small so one morning we couldn't even sit down to eat. Also, we were on the top floor and it was hot  muggy up there. Our room had air conditioning, but the hallway didn't so it was a bit miserable when travelling from the elevator. The room we had (2 queens) was quite small with a tiny bathroom. There is no hot tub and the pool  sitting area is VERY small. It was supposedly heated, but it didn't feel like it at all. Overall we have an average stay....the most important thing was that it was clean  we had good service. So, for that, I would recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Property and Price We went to Seattle on our honeymoon as we had a small budget. The price of the hotel was excellent. By far the best we had found. The continental breakfast was very plentiful with many different varieties of food to choose from. Our room faced out to the space needle very nice. Quick walk to the Seattle City Center, space needle and other attractions. I would definitly recommend this hotel to others.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel for value This hotel is great for someone who wants to get the best bang for thier buck.. Good clean rooms, wonderful breakfast, and you don't have to get up at 7 to beat everyone to the food, clean pool... The highway is a bit to get used to, it is a little walk away..and parking is horrible,(and costs) not only do you actually have to find a spot, but people cant park an suv in a compact spot, leaving no room for a regular car. I recommend this hotel, for the avid sightseer on foot. You can go to the Space Needle (6-7 blocks, not including trying to get around Aurora Ave.) and ride the monorail into the downtown area and back.. for those who like to stay a little closer, i would recommend finding a hotel downtown and then if you want to see the space needle, you can ride the monorail. There's always the expensive taxi....  
<Date>Mar 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good value in Seattle   showReview(1660660, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hikeasy
<Content>Best Value for Budget Hotel   showReview(1541199, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>synaptichaos
<Content>great deal   showReview(1488294, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>comfort of express   showReview(1437449, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>bring the family!!!   showReview(1419447, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than the reviews I read...   showReview(1155463, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>disappointing stay   showReview(1142606, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly staff, great view of Space Needle   showReview(1071532, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Twoprofs
<Content>Not great   showReview(1032789, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly recommend the Holiday Inn Express   showReview(835530, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏀硅銇椼仸灏忕逗楹椼仾瀹㈠   showReview(19164500, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍏ㄣ亸姘楀吋銇仐銇亜銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19161322, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

