<Author>Travelbuff-Ind
<Content>Great stay- beautiful place with a wonderful staff I and my husband stayed in the hotel for 5 nights starting Dec 18. The hotel is beautifully located with a lovely beach and nice lawns. We stayed in the Palace Club room on the ground floor . On seeing our room, we first requested a room near the pools but the one available did not have a very great view so we settled for our earlier room and I think that was a good decision. You should try to take a ground floor room as the doors open to the lawns and the duck pond. You can gaze far and have a lot of place to walk around while you sip on ur drinks. The Palce club offers a great breakfast overlooking the ponds and a great variety of drinks and cocktails during the cocktail hours. I believe that its ideal to take the palace club rooms for the privileges they offer. The hotel also has a beautiful spa with Jaccuzzi , Steam Sauna and a spa pool which we really loved... just that u can't have beer there. We loved lounging by the beach and the pools while having loads of drinks. I highly recommend the Hotel for those looking for calm, relaxation and a refreshing holiday. You can take long walks along the beach which extends into neighbouring properties where you can go for dinner too. We quite liked the restauarant on the beach at a neighbouring property, I guess laguna resorts. All in all an awesome holiday. And yes, the best part of the holiday beyond the property is the staff. They are excellent and willing to help and they are a wonderful lot. Kudos to them for a great service and making our stay so memorable  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CbGKent
<Content>The Marriage made in Heaven       OUr wedding day by the sea  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mihirg
<Content>Gr8 for Honeymooners... The staff was gr8...As we had booked as a honeymoon couple, they made the room so beautifully that it was awesome... They decorated the bed, the bathroom etc.... It was lovely.. The management was very polite....gr8 beach...swimming pool etc....Kudos to the management of the hotel.....and it is a must hotel for honeymooners....  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>crazy_rachie
<Content>Beautiful resort       Dining poolside  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RyanColombo
<Content>Super staff       The decorative gates  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	2	

<Author>kema
<Content>Absolutley WONDERFUL We have just returned from our fourth stay at this fantastic resort.We always stay at the Palace Club and each time our greeting upon arrival almost reduces me to tears the same beautiful staff (and some new ones) are there to welcome us with open arms.The whole resort is beautifully maintained the food is sensational ,the Spa treatment are incredible so if your looking for a wonderful stay in Bali I can HIGHLY recommend NUSA DUA BEACH  SPA RESORT the only negative is having to leave BUT we will be back. Thankyou to all the staff who work at Nusa Dua Beach  Spa...you are all wonderful!!!!!!!!! Mark  Kerri Matulich Queensland,Australia  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>StrummerJones
<Content>Simply Wonderful! We spent a week at this wonderful hotel. From our experience, and from reading other reviews, I think the key is to book a 'Palace Club' room. This gives you an upgraded room, complimentary breakfast in your own private area, afternoon tea is free, as are cocktails between 6.00pm and 8.00pm! The service is second to none, nothing was too much trouble. At breakfast, you have a good choice laid on, then they will cook to order pretty much anything you want! Cocktails includes champagne if you want, it is a terrific bonus if you like a drink, as cocktail prices at the main bars are around 拢5 - 拢7 a go. Internet access is available free of charge as well, soft drinks are available free at any time in the Palace Club lounge. Our room was big and bright, looking out to the lovely gardens. It had a seperate shower and a jacuzzi bath, plenty of cupboard space, and an effective (and silent) aircon!Eating in the hotel can be pricey. The Chess Bar by the beach has a mixed style of menu, overall pretty good value, we ate there a couple of times. You can get a cab out to local restaurants, and as others have mentioned, get the same good food for about half the price! We can recommend Bumbu Bali restaurant, traditional Balinese food, a short cab ride away. You will need to book - it is worth it! They will drop you back at the hotel for free! Also 'Tropical' on Mengiat Street was nice. We can recommend a trip to Jimbaran, get some seafood while watching the sun go down. Be careful as the taxi driver will drop you at his choice of restaurant. We had to walk out, then get down on the beach and have a walk along before selecting where to eat. A word on the cabs - the hotel will be eager to get you to use their transport. Ask them to call in a 'meter taxi' , which are so much cheaper than the hotel's own. You will meet a bit of resistance, initially, but insist.Bali is a wonderful place, Nusa Dua Beach is a great place to stay. We would certainly go back in an instant!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>gillp299
<Content>Nice hotel but poor beach On the whole this is a very nice hotel. We spent 10 nights in a pool view room. Departed on 31.10.08. Pools: The hotel has 2 pools- main  lagoon. Both are a good size. The lagoon has built in seating areas which were very welcome. The pool bar service is hit and miss- sometimes efficient and at times non existent. Drinks- fruit juice, milk shake, smoothies, coke etc cost around 拢3-4. Water cost around 拢1.50.Restaurants: Guests had the choice of dining inside or out for the buffet breakfast. The choice was average. Some mornings trying to get a cup of coffee/ tea could be difficult. Dinner: We tried Chess Restaurant dinner buffets on two occasions- the satay on the evening we arrived and the seafood BBQ mid stay. They were both the same price R325K (ex service charge  tax) per adult, half price for children. The seafood was much better value- it included lobster and fillet steak, which were excellent. With a few drinks the cost was around 拢100 (2 adults and 1 child). Alcohol is expensive, a glass of local wine cost around 拢6, cocktails 拢7-8, gin  tonic 拢6-7, glass of beer 拢3-4. A bottle of decent wine would cost in the region of 拢30+. Had lunch a few times, food was very good.Culture evening: international buffet and dance show was lovely- cost around 拢100 including drinks.Rajah's restaurant (Indonesian) seemed very popular, always busy in the evening.The Asian restaurant (Japanese/ Chinese) seemed very quiet.The Pizza restaurant: my daughter had dinner here one evening and said the food was lovely. The location of all restaurants is good- dotted around the pool, near the beach front. They look lovely at night, when all lit up.Kids club: My 8 year old daughter liked the club very much. The club and all activities were free.Beach: Generally the beach was poor but at times it looked lovely. The water is warm  very clear. However, the sand was very unpleasant to walk on- not firm, with lots of broken coral, so beach shoes are a must . There are quite a lot of hawkers who pounce as soon as you set foot out of the hotel grounds- sarongs, watches etc. Everything being sold can be purchased in Kuta or Nusa Dua village for a fraction of the price. Massages are available to the left of the beach as you walk out of the hotel.Outside hotel: There are a number of local restaurants that provide free transport to and from hotels. The most notable being Mai Mai- the food is fantastic and the service is great. The cost of a 3 course meal with lots of drinks (alcohol  soft) is around 拢20-25 for 3 people. Ring: 772406 for free transport. There are lots of other restaurants and shops in this area but they are not within walking distance of the hotel. If you use the free transport (both ways), you can stock up on drinks  snacks very cheaply either before or after dinner.Just outside the main gate, within walking distance of the hotel, are shops and restaurants. We tried Tropical restaurant, the food was very nice, however, the drinks menu seemed extensive but they had 'sold out' of wine and gin etc. (See above for better option).Bali Collection: We didn't like this shopping centre. We had dinner which was poor quality and over priced. There are shops passing themselves off as 'designer', they are not genuine. For shopping ask hotel for metered taxi to Kuta cost R70-80K (around 拢5). Matahari department store is very good- clothing, shoes, bags, jewellery, gifts etc with fixed prices. There is a supermarket attached which sells water, juice for R1-4 (approx 10p to P) Poppies Lane 2 is worth visiting- sunglasses  watches R30-50 (up to 拢3), purses R50-70 (up to 拢4.50), handbags R120-150 (up to 拢10). The first price quoted by the seller is usually ridiculously high, you should pay no more than prices quoted above.There are 3 other hotels in this area within walking distance, we visited all of them. The Lagoona is beautiful, ideal for honeymooners/ couples. The Melia seems to attract a lot more hawkers on their stretch of beach. The Westin which is next door to Nusa Dua Hotel, seems nice.Tours: Pacific World should be avoided- they overcharge and will try and take advantage of you. Go elsewhere.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	2	3	3	2	2	

<Author>fozzie58
<Content>Fantastic Resort and the best hotel staff I ever Met       from beach towards pool and chess restaurant  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>burger01
<Content>Compliments the Management and Staff of the Nus Dua Hotel and Spa, Compliments the Management and Staff of the Nus Dua Hotel and Spa, on their effeciently run hotel and wonderful friendly service.The grounds and facilities at the resort are wonderful, had everything we all needed to relax, and feel pampered.We stayed in a Palace Room which well appointed, good size and great attention to detail by the room attendants.The food at the resort was great we made it to the Bali Show night as well as the Seafood BBQ. Food was supurb, prawns, fish, lobster, steaks, finished off with Banana Flambe, outstanding.Please continue doing what you are doing because it's working!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>KIWIKEITH
<Content>Very relaxing resort with great grounds        Two good size pools(Lagoon Pool)  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>nijs0358
<Content>Great surroundings I stayed there during Xmas 2003. Great entertainment and dinner facilities. The garden is nice and quiet to stay in. The white beach was lovely. Grat service that made us feel that we were at home.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>AnneAUS
<Content>Great way to spend first time in Bali We stayed at this hotel in the middle of January 2008. Overall I had a wonderful experience at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel, the rooms and grounds are wonderful, and it was fantastic to have a private beach!Rooms: We were lucky enough to have an upgrade so got a double room (two rooms with a door cut out in between), when there were only two of us. Because of this we had a large balcony which was great to sit on at night and have a few drinks - don't forget spray for mosquitos though! The bathroom was clean, there was a shower over the bath and a toilet in the bathroom, outside the bathroom was the sink. The rooms were cleaned everyday and the service was wonderful, we noticed one time the cleaners had actually picked up our clothes from the floor and folded them for us - something I am not used to! We were in a corner room and were right next to the stair case to go to ground level, we didn't really hear much noise outside, but you could hear the cleaner's cart some days. The rooms come with bathrobes, slippers and umbrellas, there is also an electronic safe which was perfect for us. Room service was open most of the time and the food was quite good, although was the same price as an Australian hotel. The drinks and food in the mini bar were expensive as expected, we went to Bali Collection and stocked up on the same things for a quarter of the price.Food: The buffet breakfast was amazing, the best I have ever had. They had two Chefs who would make you an omelette of your choice, they had a huge selection of cereals, breads, Indonesian food (rice, curries, fish, noodles) and a huge range of Western foods (eggs, bacon, sausages, hash browns, tomatoes, mushrooms, pancakes, waffles) etc. Fresh juice, fresh fruit, salads and a wide range of cheeses was also on offer. We never had to eat lunch during our stay. The breakfast is also in a wonderful setting, and I never found it too noisy. We ate at the Japanese and Pizza restaurant at the hotel, the food was OK at both, but prices were no cheaper than Australia 鈥?the pizza was more expensive. We only ate at those places on our first day when we didn鈥檛 know where else to eat!Hotel: The hotel had wonderful surrounds, the exclusive beach was great, and we were not hassled by anyone wanting to sell us anything. The resort gardens were always tidy. The pool was nice, and was clean. I only used the pool twice (we had a lot of rain on our trip) and experienced no problems. The sun lounges were in a good position and were always available. There was also a pool which was outside the Day Spa and next to the tennis courts which was at the front of the hotel, this pool was right next to our room and was fantastic, it was always very quiet being next to the beauty spa and was very clean. Your pool towels were also on the sun lounges waiting for you, unlike the main pool where you have to give them some sort of token for a towel.Spa: The spa was great, prices were OK, but I didn鈥檛 have anything extravagant done so I didn鈥檛 find my treatment expensive. The massage was good and the massage rooms were lovely, however, the only complaint I have is that there were mosquitos everywhere in the Spa area and were biting me during my massage! I used the spa bath and sauna facilities attached to the Spa and these were very relaxing, they were also separate from the men鈥檚 spa and sauna.Location: Having never been to Bali or any Asian resort area before, Nusa Dua was a great place to start off. There was a Bali Collection Shopping Precinct which was a short stroll up the road (less than 10 minutes). If you walk or catch a Taxi out of the main gates there are lots of wonderful restaurants there which are so much cheaper than in the Nusa Dua area. There is also a market area out the front of the middle gate, which was handy. We rented a scooter and were able to drive ourselves to a lot of the restaurants out of the gates, and had an enjoyable time every night. There are also some restaurants in the Bali Collection with competitive prices and decent food. One tip I do have is when you are leaving the Bali Collection, always walk a little bit up the street and catch a light blue Taxi instead of the Taxis Bali Collection arrange for you. The light blue Taxis are a chain of Taxis and are always clean, safe and reliable. From Bali Collection to the hotel it cost 5,000 Rupiah, whereas the no name taxis from Bali Collection were charging up to 30,000 Rupiah as they weren鈥檛 metered. The hotel isn鈥檛 too far away from Kuta, and was only a $10 taxi ride away.Advice: The only advice I have for this hotel and Nusa Dua area is, make sure you eat at some of the restaurants outside of the gates, they have fantastic food and are so much cheaper than the hotel. Don鈥檛 get a taxi from the hotel counter, they charge far too much and are not metered. The best thing to do is walk out of the hotel鈥檚 driveway, walk past all of the gentlemen asking you if you would like transport, and you will always see a couple of light blue metered taxis waiting across the road for customers. They were my only choice for transport and were so much cheaper (5,000 compared to 30,000). There is a supermarket in Bali Collection which is where I suggest you stock up on drinks and snacks, and also things to replace items from the mini bar. It is so much cheaper. Also, if you are going into Kuta at all, their supermarkets are significantly cheaper than the one in Nusa Dua, so buy all of your more expensive items whilst you are there.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Pip1413
<Content>nusa dua beach hotel We recently stayed at the Nusa Dua Beach Resort and had 4 nights there. The staff are so friendly and so helpful. Breakfast had a good choice of so many different selections. The only thing which was a bit inconvenient was the fact other restaurants were a little bit futher from the hotel so if you decide to eat at the hotel it is a bit more expensive(but then this is Nusa Dua-bit more upmarket) It was very quiet compared to Legian/Kuta but then that was the reason we stayed there before going to stay at Legian. Out the main gates to Nusa Dua is a few good restaurants.This is only an 8 min walk which you fell very safe other wise a taxi if people dont want to walk. There is also the Bali Collection which is a 10 min walk but during the day which can be quite hot, we caught a taxi which wasnt much at all. There is a few restaurants there which looked nice and clean and a Starbucks too .A supermarket which was handy to stock up on bottled water and bits n pieces.Nusa Dua Beach Hotel catered well for children but this didnt bother us who were there to relax. All the children were well behaved. The squirels were abundant but totally cute to watch. Grounds were imaculate and staff out every morning early tidying up. Also there is a great walking path along the front of the beach and was not crowded like Kuta Beach. Our room was clean and spacious and I had a King size bed to myself while my daughter and her friend were given an adjoining room and their own bathroom( having 2 19 year old girls this was a relief for me)  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HongKongConnie
<Content>Loved it We stayed in Nusa Dua Beach Hotel for our anniversary. The lawn and garden is excellent. Staff very nice, service are personal. They leave us with a message in the room before the check-out date to let us know we can still stay in the hotel lounge after check-out and extended discount for massage in the hotel, etc. Nusa Dua is a very nice resort area. This hotel unlike the Laguna and Westin nearby that has bale that you can do a lazy lying at night to enjoy the sea breeze. On a couple of nights, we just take a 3 minutes walk along the beach to the nearby hotels for bale and sip a drink there. Transportation is sth that you have to prepare for. There is no shuttle bus in the hotel and nusa dua area, except a shuttle to Bali Collection, which runs every 1 hour till 10pm. You have to take a taxi to wherever you go. Taxi service in the hotel are pricy, like USD15 for a ride to Kuta. But many restaurant has pick up service. For many nights, we asked the restuarant for a pick up for dinner, then just do some shopping and foul around in Seminyak, Kuta, Jimbaran, then take a taxi back to save one trip.We tried snorkelling in Nusa Dua beach with hawkers in the beach. It is a 10 mins ride by boat to the snorkelling area, costs USD30 for 2 pax for 1 hour. 1 hour is actually enough.Food in the hotel are delicious. It costs like USD40++ (excluding drink) for a Korean bbq dinner for 2. Like other 5 star hotels nearby, the drinks are pricy, like USD8++ for a cocktail, USD2++ for a small bottle of water. There is no kiosk or convenient store within walkable distance.We tried the Embrace spa package for 2 pax for 2.5 hours in one of the spa villa at USD190++. It is absolutely excellent and worth the money. There is a private plunge pool, jacuzzi and steam room in the villa for the couple, so enjoy the complete privacy. You can enjoy other spa facilities for the whole day, like the spa lap pool. The staff there said the spa lap pool has underwater music facilities, though i really cannot hear, it is very relaxing and enjoyable. I tried Well Being Spa in Seminyak (a local spa outside) as well at USD64 for 3 hours, it is absolutely not comparable, worth to pay more in the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>garbfink
<Content>Enjoyed our stay Writing this review is a hard one for me because Nusa Dua hotel is not normally the kind of hotel that I would enjoy, however this hotel certainley swayed my opinion in their favour.The Hotel is very well done the staff are great and friendly and will always smile and say hello while you are walking around the grounds. the gardens are imaculate and very well tended to.We stayed in the paradise club which I would recommend if you can, as you get a free brekfast, afternoon tea and cocktails in the evening in a quiet out of the way reeoption room. This is nice as there is always a good selection of food and the cocktails are very good. The room was of a good size and was nicely decorated, with a nice shower and decent seperate bath. The hotel has 300+ rooms so this means that the pool will get quite crowded and it can be a problem trying to find a sunbed, you will get the obligatory towel reserving which is a pet hate of mine, however I had no qualms in removing towels that had been there for 30mins+ without an occupier anywhere to be seen and pinching it for myself ;-D. The beach is not the best and to be honest we didn't venture onto it once, but as we had recently been in the maldives this may have just been me being a bit picky.If you are a diver then I would recommend the dive centre. They are very instructive and helpful and there is a great wreck towads the north of the island which is definatley worth a visit. I completed my advanced padi while I was out there and felt all the way that I was in good hands.There is lots to see and do in Bali, we hired a taxi for a couple of days to take us around I would recommend visiting the monkey sanctuary, some temples grand palace, temple on the sea, git git waterfall is nice, and also the volcano.Happy Travelling  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>JSNsquared
<Content>Typical Beach Hotel       Entrance to Resort  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	2	

<Author>chimbon
<Content>good only Stayed for 9 nights in a deluxe room, Bed comfortable, and excellent bathroom. Blacony also pleasant with nice chairs. Only 2 free bottles of water a day but more could be had if you asked the cleaning crew nicely! The pool was nice though not large in comparision to some of the others on the strip such as the laguna or melia. Unfortunately you had to be at the pool by 7am to secure beds which I found disappointing. I saw several incidents of 'lounger rage' and is an area I feel the hotel could clamp down on - people putting towels down and not using the beds till mid afternoon or so and is selfish in my opinion. That said other beds coud be got on the grass areas or beach.Breakfast was only average and other meals we had at hotel were ok. Ate most nights at the neraby shopping centre with plenty of restaurants. There is an hourly free mini bus but was often full or a ten minute walk or taxi. The beach bar was good but the lobby bar was dull and lacked atmosphereThe hotel is a 3+ to 4 star and and whilst had a great holiday if was to return to nusa dua area would stay at one of the others.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>JesseLondon
<Content>Beautiful grounds, shabby rooms Stayed in Nusa Dua for 4 days. Upon arriving at the hotel we were told our room would be ready in half an hour and given a welcome drink in the lobby. After 30 mins we were told it would be another 30 mins. This continued for 1.5 hours until we became frustrated and asked to be told exactly when we could check-in rather than waiting around like lemons.We were then taken to a room past building work that was going on. Our room was dirty, the bathroom had not been cleaned properly and it smelt a bit funny. We complained and were moved to another room which was an improvement but was not as nice as a 3* place we had just come from in Legian (for half the price)!Despite this initial frustration, the grounds are beautiful and the pools are very nice. The water is very clear on the beach but you cannot swim out very far. The gym is well equipped and the tennis courts were available for a small fee (you can even pay for a partner if your spouse is busy sunbathing!).The hotel is completely self-contained with various restuarants on-site all serving good food at reasonable western prices (though not like prices in Legian restaurants). There are outdoor shows on twice a week with an amazing buffet dinner. We went to the Balinese theatre show and both the food and the entertainment were first class.If it weren't for the poor service and the rooms which were not up to standard this hotel would have been rated 4 or 5, just expected better for the money we paid out.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	1	1	3	2	

<Author>robharris
<Content>The Truth of Nusa Dua Hotel and Spa Hi All, Ok a little about us, Male 34 and new Wife 31. Our Honeymoon both from Leamington Spa, EnglandReport of Nusa Dua Beach and Spa Hotel.Overall we had a great time at this hotel, we stayed in the Palace Club Suite and had the privilages of Breakfast, Afternoon Tea and Evening Cocktails. All these functions are served by Butlers or to us commoners waiters/ress. This added benifit i would recommend! The staff are all very warm and welcoming, which we found to be a bit of fresh air! they always said hello from the manager down to the cleaner/gardener would always stop and smile and ask how you are?. The gardens are in superb nic, and are the highlight of this lovely hotel. they must have about 20 staff always working in the gardens everyday to keep in trim. The hotel food is lovely but pricey compared to other aeras of Nusa Dua, for example;Hotel meal for two with wine was around 拢75Bali Collection meal for two with wine was around 拢40Nusa Aera (just outside the gates) meal for two with wine was around 拢25 and to be honest was just as nice. (The Tropical was the best for meals) We went to The Tropical a few times as we found it to be the best one. If you go to the Nusa Dua area (outside the gates) most resturants will give you a lift home F.O.CThe Spa.We spent most our afternoons by the spa pool as the sunbeds by the main pool where always taken, i did try on a couple of occasions to find beds at 8am but found towels everywhere with no-one on them ggrrrrrr. The Spa treatments are expensive again compared to others outside the hotel. However we found that the hotel was much more luxurious then others and i think was worth paying that little bit more, example;2hr Massage with facial in Hotel was around 拢130 (price for two)2hr Massage with facial in Nusa Dua area was around 拢40 (price for two).Nusa Dua is a very quite area indeed with the last bar closing at 1pm. However should you fancy a night on the town then Kuta is the place to go $10 USD will get you there in a taxi (about 20 mins) and you can party on till the early hours. Semenyak (is that right??) is a cool place as well and another $10 will get you there as well, great for sunsets as is Jimbiran Bay. If you just want a relaxing holiday then Nusa Dua has that to offer and we found it perfect for our needs as if we wanted a quite night then we stayed at the hotel or if we where in the mood for a night out then in a taxi we would go!!We also found the mixture of nationals to be good as well with Brits, Dutch, Thez Germans, Italians, Spainish, Ozzies, Chinese, France and the odd Yank / Canadian making it very interesting. It was just nice and refreshing to be in a resort not full of Brits!! (went to maldives last year and was like a little butlins!! lol).Pretty much everything is great about this hotel and im sure if your going you will have a great time unless your a fussy and a unhappy couple!!If i had to be sad the only down side to this resort is its beach and sea but having been to the maldives last year i think i will struggle to find beaches and seas like it is there!!Anyway have a great time you'll love it.Hello to the Dutch couple we met and told us about the orpanage.Also to Tony,Donna,Kez,Jess,Tom and ChrissyHappy Holidays.Rob and Hannah.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>robbo 2303
<Content>Holiday of a lifetime NUSA DUA BEACH AND SPA HOTEL BALIWOW just got back from Bali , Nusa Dua Beach and Spa Hotel and have to say what a great holiday. Having waited so long to get away from all the stresses of work and such like, i can honestly say this is the first holiday where i felt i could have stayed for at least another week. (was there for two weeks) Normally there is something that always spoils your holiday but this was faultless, great food , great prices, hotel was spotless, (seems they just love to clean) room was attended to at least twice a day and never anywhere ive been have i met such friendly staff, everyone was so kind and helpful. If you are looking for a holiday where u can really relax then this is the place for u. There is a certain amount of night life but not the place to go if you are looking for wild nights but Kuta offers quite good entertainment. One small usual problem which i didnt expect was that you have the same old problem of getting sunbeds round the pool, and as there was only about three familys of the usual suspects at this resort, (you know who i mean ) i guess this is now a world wide problem which cant be labelled at one particular nation. For me and my wife this has been our best holiday ever and would have no hesitation jumping back on a plane tomorrow and heading back for another two weeks of paradise. .  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>MrsMaxBelfast
<Content>Loved the Nusa Dua Beach Resort and Spa       Palace Club - evening time (another view)  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>smally1980
<Content>Disappointing We spent 10 nights at Nusa Dua beach as the second leg of our honeymoon. After spending 4 nights in the wonderful mandarin oriental Hong Kong this hotel was very disappointing. We received no special treatment for beig honeymooners and upon check in to our Palace Club room we were greeted by a very strong damp smell coming from the bathroom and balcony area. We were shown another room which was exactly the same and were told our only option was to upgrade to a Palace Club Suite for an extra $100 a night. The suite was more spacious and the living area and bedroom did not smell, however the bathroom was not as clean as I would have hoped and didn't smell very fresh.During our time in this room we had to kill 2 cockroaches and couldn't leave any drinks or snacks around as they attracted hundreds of ants.I must say that the public areas of this hotel are very nice, the lobby, palace club and gardens are very nice. Pools are OK but a bit shabby, with loads of noisy kids. The restaurants are fine we has nice shushi in maguro and lovely pizza's in Sandro's. The Indonesian restaurant offered good quality food but was quite expensive. The best meals we had were at Ikan in the Westin resort next door.The lifts are dodgy to say the least and the doors slammed shut on me once and bruised both of my arms. I was told that someone on another floor must have pushed the button. Helpful.Our Thomas Cook rep Kasna was very nice and helpful and arranged some very good trips for us at reasonable prices.The beach was OK but most days the sea was too rough to swim in. There are some vendors on the beach but they are friendly and don't pester you too much.Nusa Dua is a nice resort for a relaxing holiday but if you want a nice room this is not the best hotel to go to.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>maysEngland
<Content>honeymoon paradise myself and my new wife have just returned from paradise !The resort is 1st class all the way through . When we arrived we were shown straight to our room, with lovely garden views and you could see the sea in the distance room 3215, the bed was really lovely and big,the bathroom had everything you needed,i must say that it had the best power shower i have ever had. Your room was cleaned everyday. you were left 2 glass bottles of water in your room,if you wanted more you then had to buy some,you had the choice of the mini bar drinks and snacks. There were several resturants to choose from with just the best views of the gardens/pool or beach which is handy if you didnt fancy a 10 min walk to the bali collection just down the road,which offers you every single food going,we usualy had a starter main and bottle wine and few beers and sometimes a sweet and it comes to about 拢25/30 where in the hotel it was costing 拢45 depending where u ate.The only thing that was alittle pricey was the drink in the hotel,while we waited for the free shuttle bus we has a beer and a spirit which comes to 拢8. we went on 2 trips with the transfer people that picked us up from the airport, we visited the areas on the way up to seeing the volcano,wood making,painting,see how the jewlery was made and others,at each of these you felt that you had to buy something as they followed you around saying best prices for you etc. the other trip was horse riding along the beach which was 1hr dive,you were there for about 2 hours,then we drove a further1hr to get to the elephant ride,it was busy and what we didnt realise that you were fed there too,so we had a meal first looking over the beautiful forest scenery,we had a 30min walk on our elephant,you could also pay for an hour,you are asked if you would like your pic taken,in the pool or with the trees only costing拢5. Both trips cost us 拢150 which we thought was not bad. As for the sun beds, if you were up early or before about 9 you were ok, you have the usual people that set there alarms,but normaly you were ok,we always got our towels and beds then went down to breakfast, Which is really good,lots too choose from hot and cold. What can we say other than, enjoy your stay, its just lovely......  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Roccox
<Content>Just a Paradise... This was our 4th visit to this Resort, and since on this ocassion we celebrated our wedding anniversary we decided to take the Honeymoon Package at the Palace Club Section.From the arrival everything was just perfect, private transfer from the Airport, wonderfull reception with a tropical fruit drink, a great room with a well chilled bottle of champagne and above all , a great staff with a very good knowledge and practice of what customer focus means.The Hotel has a great location in Nusa Dua. The main entrance is spectacular with a superb lobby. Most of the rooms have a balcony with great tropical, either garden or sea views. Every morning you can feel the wonders of nature right at your balcony enjoying a cup of hot coffee and watching every type of birds or squirrels right there at your footstep.We had a great Gourmet Dinner at the Indonesian Restaurant and it was incredible, good taste and presentation.In general terms, our experience was wonderfull..it was like a dream in paradise...and yes, we are planning to go back again.Don't waste your time looking for other hotels, this great resort is not expensive and it offers top quality accomodation in Paradise !  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ShropshireHelly
<Content>sadly lacking in charm After staying at the Puri Santrian in Sanur and the Alila in Ubud this place was a real let down. It's big and impersonal and sadly lacking in balanese charm which was a real plus with the other two hotels. It's ok but nothing special and you could be anywhere.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Travelmad99
<Content>Excellent Stay Stayed at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel  Spa for 8 nights in July. Had a Palace Club room which I highly recommend. Rooms were large and clean as were the bathrooms. The staff were very helpful and friendly, and the hotel grounds were very spacious and pretty.Service in the club lounge was exceptional, very good breakfast, afternoon tea and evening canapes and cocktails.Spa facilities were very good also.Would recommend this hotel to all groups as something for everyone.Loved Bali itself and would definitely return in the future.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mischa_Love
<Content>A Relaxing Stay I stayed in this hotel for 10 days with my family. we enjoyed it and found it very relaxing. We chose nusa dua area because it is quieter than kuta. This is my second time to Bali and this time i prefered a relaxing quiet stay. Nusa Dua Beach hotel has definitely met my expectations. ps the private beach is awesome!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>efd22
<Content>Enjoyed our stay at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel We stayed at this resort from July 2 until July 6. The grounds are very beautiful and the staff very accomodating. We stayed with our 6 year old daughter and she enjoyed the pools and beach area. The buffet breakfast was very enjoyable with selections for all tastes. We also enjoyed hand feeding the squirrels that came up to our balcony (they like raisn bran!) The rooms were large and nicely decorated with wood floors, wonderful amenities and very comfortable.I would recommend this hotel to any travelers going to Bali.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ChristianHdr
<Content>Good Holiday       Ducks in the garden  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>WillemB
<Content>Fabulous time at the Nusa Dua Beach Resort! My wife and I spend our honeymoon at this fantastic hotel! We booked the palace club room, but at our arrival we were upgraded to the palace club suite!The palace club is defenitely wortth the money. You really feel like a V.I.P. Though it is a large hotel, the palace club makes it feel very intimite. Almost like a boutique resort.The palace club members have their own lounge where they have breakfast, afternoon tea and cocktails. The people working at the palace club are very, very friendly and threath youn like you are royal. Nothing is to much for them.The hotel is beautifully decorated with lots of woodcarvings and other Balinese art. I thnik this gives the hotel a different and unique atmosphere.If you go to Bali... go to the Nusa Dua Becah Hotel. We will defenitely come back!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SitaTorquay
<Content>Fantastic Hotel       sunset in bali  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>JimBriigette
<Content>great 5 nights in nusa. Jim and Brigita Wallaroo South Australia. We have just returned home after 2 weeks in Bali ,5 nights at Nusa Dua Hotel. Wecould not fault the hotel ,or service fom its friendly staff. We stayed in a Palace Club room with all the xtras the club provides,including cocktails and finger food each evening. Gardens are beautiful and spacious ,with many restaurants around the pool area ..We used the shuttle to go to the Bali Collection Shopping Centre ,but all Restaurants in the centre provide free taxis.We would no problem staying at the resort again .  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>bujank01
<Content>We'll be back!       My hubby and I  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>maszniew
<Content>Woohoo!       Gazebo for palace club breakfast/cocktails  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>scotsontourz
<Content>Not in the class of Leading Hotels of the World While this is a very nice hotel, with a large pool and decent-sized rooms, I would not class it as one of the Leading Hotels of the World. There were marks/stains in the room, the service of the staff is average at best, the food in the restaurants was, again, very average. Plus points would be the pool and the spa was lovely.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	3	2	

<Author>Tjonk
<Content>What a wonderful honeymoon! We stayed at this beautiful resort for 9 days on our honeymoon. This must be one of the most amazing resorts that we have ever stayed at, hence the reason for it being part of the Leading Hotels of the World.The hotel offered everything that we could ask for. It is perfect for a romantic holiday, or if you just need to relax and be pampered. We stayed at the Royal Palace Suite and the room was absolutely perfect. Very spaceious, super clean, and there is nothing that I can say badly about this place.Numerous reviews complained about the aircon, or the stickiness in the rooms. This is so not true. You have to remember that you are right on the equator, so the humidity will be very high. I don't know of any aircon that will get rid off the humidty if the doors are open. As long as the doors remained closed, the rooms were absolutely perfect.Regarding the food, very expensive, but after all what do you expect from a world class resort. Try to get a package that includes some of your food, and try to eat out at some of the restuarants just outside the Nusa Dua maingate as they give you much better value for money. Also, a beach seafood meal is a must! Thank you so much!  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HappyHappyHolidaysxx
<Content>Honeymoon - Fantastic hotel Fantastic place!I highly recommend this hotel, the staff are wonderful and if you can afford to upgrade to a Palace club room. You get your breakfast in a separate area in such a a peaceful and beautiful setting and you will also get evening drinks and nibbles included in your price. The only thing I would not do whilst in Bali is go to the Turtle Island that we were taken to as it is a place where they let adults and children actually sit on the poor turtles and they have nik naks to take home made out of turtle shell! I felt very sorry for the animals and felt bad that i had just paid to get in and encourage this to continue. On a positive note all the staff at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel  Spa are very friendly and helpful. We went on a bike ride with one of the staff as an activity and I highly recommend doing this as you will see the real Bali and some beautiful scenes. 10 out of 10 for this hotel!  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>lil-miss-sunshine
<Content>Great Honeymoon       Palace Club Room  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>morevish
<Content>Really, is this a Leading Hotel? OK, this is a nice place, it has superb grounds, lovely pools and an impressive lobby. Service is adequate, staff is friendly. I personally found the hotel massive, it is huge and it was quite crowded at the time we were there (first week of May), resulting in a not so intimate atmosphere. If you happen to go a bit late to the pool or beach area, you have the chance of not finding a chair. Maybe we were not so lucky because of holidays in Europe, I don;t know, it could be that in another period of the year it is less crowded.The kids had fun, going from beach to pool and back to the beach again the whole day. For young children it is a nice place to stay.What disappointed us were the rooms: we booked superior rooms but found them quite cramped, especially the bathroom. Moreover, and I am quite sensible to this, is that the interior had seen better days: too old, paint peeling off the wood. I guess a complete renovation of this place would help a lot.Overall impression: lovely place but can be crowded, rooms need overhaul. Wonder why this place belongs to 'The Leading Hotels of The World'.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Travler2006
<Content>Amazing Honeymoon This realy is an amzing hotel, we paid to be upgraded to the 'deluxe wing' and you really get great value for money doing this private check in, own breakfast room (with the other guests from the wing) afternoon tea included each day, all suites (ours was on the ground floor over looking the gardens and a small temple!The Hotel is BIG, but being in this wing gave you the feeling of being in a smaller hotel. The staff are SO lovely - they can not do enough for you and the little guy who works the pool bar is a sweetie - make sure you tip him at teh beginning of your stay and he will look after you with extra large drink through your stay.The beach is lovely and clean, the water is warm and has lots of fish in it - if you like to snorkle.Food - we didnt eat in the 'main' restauant at all, as there are some many smaller, speciallty ones. The Sushi bar on the beach is great for lunch as it the pizza bar. They do theme nights to during the week and these can be quite fun (if you like to socialise.BALI is one the most beautiful places to go int he World and the people are the kindest we have met BIG recommendations!!  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nalaka_Perera
<Content>Great Family Holiday at Nusa Dua, Bali We just returned from a great family holiday in Bali. We stayed at the 5 star Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa for 6 days. We checked into one of their Palace club Suites over looking the sea, and was excellent. Bed Room, Sitting area, private balcony, pantry and the toilets were very spacious and clean. Separate Lounge and Breakfast area for palace club members were very convenient and special. Pool, Beach front, and the Staff was excellent. The hotel is situated at a convenient location, close to the Airport.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>MontySturdeeMount
<Content>Soul-less leading luxury hotel We had just one night at this hotel - and one night was enough! It's not the sort of place we normally stay, as we like a bit of local authenticity. It did the job - it's relatively near the airport, and we could get an early morning transfer. We got a good deal on a room, and the included buffet breakfast was mind-blowingly comprehensive. However, this is a typical international luxury hotel with no soul. Fine if you don't want the real Bali. We really didn't like the gated community of luxury hotels with a security guard to keep out the local people. The water wasted on fountains and golf courses seemed ridiculous. The hotel restaurants served expensive international food. If you want to travel all the way to Bali to stay in a bubble, this would be OK, but if you want a real travel experience, find somewhere more interesting.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>2	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Envallis
<Content>Enjoyed the Palace Club !! I stayed 5 days in Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa last summer during my honeymoon in Bali. It was our first experience of such a 5 star hotel and it was unbelievable. Moreover we stayed in the palace club which was even more fantastic.2 superb swiimming-pools (we loved drinking cocktails sitting at the bar in the middle of the largest pool), 4 tasteful restaurants, a lovely beach in front of the hotel, and the amazing Palace Club facilities : a very large room with XXXL bed and jacuzzi, incredible breakfast and evening cocktail with meals from all around the world.The only inconvenient, which is the same for all the Nusa Dua resorts : Nusa Dua is far from Bali's most interesting places, so my advice is : first travel across the island and then have a rest in the NDBHS !There are also so many rooms that one could feel lost in the hotel...  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>willman6
<Content>March 21 Bali We just got back three days ago, spending four night there. The overall experience is rather average, the receptionist was not friendly till we were told that we got the Palace Club rooms, which had its own reception area; most of the staff there are friendly and helpful, but a bit too slow sometimes. The building is a bit too old and defiintely needs renovation, and the rooms are okay, but the TV is from 80s and showing black and white while playing DVD for some reasons. The pools are good and the food is also okay. Staff serving breakfast are friendly, but not attentive -- they should have cleaned the table and change the tableware and tablecloth before next batch of customers are served proactively. We like the tress there, lots of trees, very natural and stress free. We went out to Kuta and zoo and monkey mountain which was quite fun. Unfortunately, the weather was not funny all the time.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	1	3	3	

<Author>rogangbel
<Content>Great short break Stayed here for four nights with my wife, son  his wife for a long weekend. My son had booked the break and when we checked-in there was some confusion, they couldn't quite sort out that there were two men with the same surname but it was quickly resolved.The rooms were quite spacious and well appointed with a balcony overlooking the gardens, unfortunately we were also overlooking the service block of the hotel next door.There are a number of places to eat some of which are open all day, the food and service was good, the breakfast buffet was excellent.The gardens and pool areas were quite pleasant with plenty of loungers and chairs, the beach was not quite so tidy, oil patches here and there and of course the usual constant prosession of people trying to sell you their wares, this can become a bit tiresome.We found the staff to be very pleasant and always willing to help,we had a very restful four days.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>tb1978
<Content>Much recommended hotel       Lobby fountain  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stayedinbali
<Content>Below average compared to Competition We stayed in Bali for 8 days, the last hotel booked was the Nusa Dua Beach Resort  Spa hotel. For the 8 days we stayed in four hotels, including the neighbouring The Laguna and Discovery Partika in Kuta.The first impression of this hotel is a good one. The lobby is clean, staff are friendly, hotel looked nice, pool is awesome etc. We even got upgraded from a Deluxe Room to a Palace Club Room. Great!However, it was short lived. The Palace Club rooms are on the ground floor, and the first impression you get walking in was the smell of dampness. The covers on the bed felt damp, and the air smelt musty. The other impression is of claustrophobia. The rooms haven't been renovated for some time and are quite old with lots of dark wood, making them dark and dreary. The beds are also pretty average and the air conditioning blows directly onto one side of the bed. The TV reminded me of one I had as a kid.We asked to see other rooms and the helpful and patient duty manager showed us every other room available (about 5 in all), but they all had the same problem - dark, musty, damp, old.We stayed for two days. Its not a bad hotel all considered, which is why so many people rate it highly, but in the end the room just got to us especially as the weather wasn't great and we wanted to spend more time in there. You get used to it, but you don't enjoy it so much.In the end we changed to the Laguna (100m away, Westin between). Whereas the Nusa Dua was ok, the Laguna was awesome. The Laguna is just that bit better in every way - breakfast, TV, guest services (ask the butler for anything, he'll get it!), but most importantly benefitted from newly renovated rooms. It the room is important to you, we recommend going for the Laguna as a preference, failing that the Westin. They really are both a lot better in comparision. Nusa Dua Beach Hotel  Spa only really stands out if you don't compare it with these two neighbours.(We even enjoyed the Discovery Partika in Kuta more than the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel)My last comment is about the location. Nusa Dua is nice, but if you're expecting to do watersports, most the interesting stuff is 4km down the road from these hotels. Don't expect to just walk to the beach and rent a jet ski or anything. Also, Bali is cheap to eat except for the Nusa Dua hotels. There's plenty of places outside to eat for 1/3rd the cost of the hotel, and just as good.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>HLPA
<Content>Good hotel if you're looking for a quiet holiday. We were introduced to this hotel by a travel agent who gave rave reviews. A quick check with Tripadvisor confirmed his opinions of the place. The hotel's rates is very affordable for its standards, and offers decent amenities comparable to the best hotels which Bali has to offer.The hotel is situated in a convenient location, near the airport and within 30 minutes of Kuta. Most of the local drivers are familiar with the hotel which is a bonus especially when arranging transport to and from spas, restaurants and other destinations.However, if you're looking to travel to the Kuta and Ubud area often, note that the daily taxi rides will probably burn a substantial hole in your pocket after a while. But if you're looking for a quiet holiday away from the crowds, then this hotel is great with its private beach facility.The hotel staff, like most Balinese people, were very polite and generous with their smiles. Most requests were swiftly attended to, even at late hours. Check-out timing is pretty flexible even if you arrange for it last-minute, as in our case.On the negative side, some of the hotel's facilities are rather old. The safe deposit box in our room could not be used and the wiring of the lights was faulty, flickering once in a while. Also, be prepared to have to travel a fair bit for meals if you're not very keen on consuming the hotel's food. Overall, it was nevertheless an enjoyable experience.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>roudoudou
<Content>Ok But Not Great Too big and crowded for our taste but it was our mistake. If you like a big beach hotel, it is probably very good. Bedrooms are small though (we were 3) and the layout of the bathroom makes it hard for two people to be in it at the same time. Breakfast was fine but it was difficult to find ripe fruits. There is a feeling of a strong push to consume and there is not much for free. No complimentary afternoon tea which is quite common elsewhere. We found the Balinese restaurant expensive and quite bland. The pizza place was bad, we had to eat there one night because Chess restaurant was closed due to a beach party barbecue. Pizzas covered in raw garlic (which we could not see because one has to eat in darkness). Lap pool is good though, quiet and possible to swim a km without trouble, nice to have sauna and steambath as well.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Julian2
<Content>Asolutely fantastic Before I booked my stay at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa I checked out every review for hotels in the area on this exact website. And this hotel had the best and most consistent reviews for a good reason - it really is that good. We had a wander into and around many of the hotels during our stay and this one is the best by far. If you like majestic balinese sculptures, waterfalls, marble floors, silk cushions, the best breakfast you've ever had, big amazing pools, frangipani oils, spas and great coffee then stay here. Many of the other hotels we had a sticky beak at seemed to miss the point that you were in Bali - some were very bland and westernised. The mini bar is outrageous but you can catch a cab to Bali Collection shopping centre (5 mins) where you can buy cheap drinks at the supermarket, there's also a lady on the beach that sells from a modest stall (turn left on the beach) Food in Nusa Dua is expensive but you can always find cheaper fare at Bali Collection Shopping Centre but it's a bit like dining in Surfers Paradise so it's worth paying extra to eat along the beach. I'll be back to this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DicQo_de_SmG
<Content>Old charming hotel       Amphitheather  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>Jeep_M5
<Content>Would stay again We stayed at this hotel on 12 January 2008. This hotel was only booked on the Wednesday before staying on the Saturday.The check-in was quick and easy, including changing the reservation name on one of the two rooms booked. We decided at check in that we need a 6.00pm checkout the next day. This was easy accomomdated. (We had to pay a day room rate of 50%).We were upgraded by the hotel, to one of the palace club rooms. These are very big a spacious room, which was a bit of a waste for a person travelling by themselves. Our room rate included breakfast which was of the normal standard of a hotel of this type, plenty of choice.I would defintely stay at this Hotel again, if visiting Bali.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>natcoe1
<Content>Paradise My husband and I spent the main part of our honeymoon here. We booked 6 nights in a palace club room as you pay a bit extra but then get things like free soft drinks, canapes and cocktails in the evening, afternoon tea and breakfast.When we got there we were upgraded to a suite which was like a little apartment - fantastic!The hotel itself was beautifully clean and well maintained and the service we got was just incredible. The staff could not do enough for us and made our stay really special. For breakfast we could have anything we wanted - freshly made smoothies, boiled eggs, pancakes.The hotel is right on the beach which is beautiful and I particularly enjoyed our first night's dinner at the Chess restaurant by the sea. The food itself was good quality and not overly expensive considering the hotel is 5 stars.I would definitely go back again.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>littlenoony
<Content>Wonderful honeymoon destination! My husband and I stayed here for 10 nights for our honeymoon, and I can honestly say it was one of the most beautiful places I've ever seen! It is surrounded by fountains and large ponds full of fish and lilies, with temple-like parts to all the buildings making it feel very special. There are lots of restaurants and bars at the hotel, and all the staff everywhere are lovely, friendly and polite. One of the best bits is the bar in the middle of the pool, you can swim up to it anytime of the day or evening and have a cold relaxing Bintang! We ate at the hotel half the time, and the food was very good although quite expensive. For the rest of the time we ate in Nusa Dua itself, which was only a 10 minute walk from the hotel, and you鈥檙e perfectly safe walking to and from there at night together. There are lots of great little restaurants where you can eat food that鈥檚 just as good for a fraction of the hotel price so definitely recommended. If you want to go a bit further out you can get a cab from the hotel but don鈥檛 use the hotel cars, ask them to book you a Bluebird cab and you鈥檒l save 拢拢拢鈥檚!The rooms were really lovely, clean and very large with great bathrooms, we had a Jacuzzi bath and a double shower in ours, and the whole room had everything you could need, the laundry service was fine (nothing shrunk or lost!) and there was a huge TV/stereo/DVD player if you just felt like staying out of the sun for a lie-in.The spa at the hotel is wonderful, with large hot tubs and cold plunge pools, they are separate for men and women but you can pay a little extra and go in a joint one, or have massages and treatments together either in the spa huts or by the beach- this was really lovely and romantic although probably a bit expensive unless you鈥檙e on your honeymoon and happy to spend the money! Nice tennis courts, where you can play for an hour and hire all the gear for only a few quid.There are three pools at the hotel, one in the spa and then two by the main area of the hotel, both are gorgeous and very clean. Service around the pools is excellent, I would strongly recommend the homemade lemonade! We didn鈥檛 really swim in the sea very much as the pools were so nice, and also there was a warning about spiky sea urchins (and we saw loads!) so take extra flip flops to wear in the sea if you鈥檙e going to brave it. You can borrow snorkels etc from the pool bar and there鈥檚 loads of stuff to see in the sea so worth a go.There are lots of different events going on at the hotel, the traditional Balinese meal and dancing is really good although again, a bit pricey. Afterwards you can take a great romantic walk along the beach path too to wear it off!Overall I would absolutely recommend this hotel and resort, hardly any children there which was really nice, although it did have a good family friendly feel too. My only reservation would be the price of eating and drinking there all day every day, so I would recommend going out into the town- there are just as many lovely places to go there, and you can save your money for some scuba diving or sightseeing to the volcano, which can all be arranged through the hotel and are definitely worth making the effort to leave the gorgeous hotel surroundings for!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>iheartKL
<Content>Heaven in Indonesia. This hotel is absolutely lovely and lived up to every expectation and more. The beach front location is great, it's quiet enough to relax but only a short taxi ride away from the bustle of Kuta.Breakfast was delicious, such a good choice and so fresh.There are a few restaurants around which are nice too, not much nightlife but Kuta is just down the road.Rooms aren't huge, but definitely comfortable and clean. Staff are very friendly and helpful. At night there are lizards all over the place (not in rooms unless you leave a window open!) but that's to be expected.Would definitely stay here again, in fact, I can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gypsyjanet
<Content>Heavenly Honeymoon! My new husband and I stayed here for 8 days as part of our honeymoon. I found this site after we booked and was a little concerned about the reviews I was reading. What a nice surprise to find that the pictures don't do this place justice and the staff was unbelievably friendly and helpful. I would recommend this hotel to ANYONE going on a honeymoon to Bali. We especially loved the couples spa package. It is heaven lying in the private fragipani flower bath sipping coconut milk and listening to the birds, feeling the ocean breeze and then slipping on a soft cotton robe and lounging on a private bale... A bit of advice about the pool loungers being scarce...go to the spa pool. It is next to the spa and open to all guests. There were only a few people there and it is so quiet and peaceful. The food here was delicious and the prices were what we expected for an upscale, luxury beach resort. Breakfast buffett was very expansive and had lots of different choices each day. We had booked a deluxe room and were very happy with it! We loved this place and can't wait to go back (one day..) We really enjoyed the Balinese artwork and loved the beautiful wood carvings in the bedroon and throughout the hotel. Simply Amazing accomidations,staff and service.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kamei
<Content>Great value for great service. Hi all,Although it鈥檚 been a long, long and sad time since I was in Bali (last April), it seems that after that me and my wife have been living just to fill the time between our trips鈥?br/>We had a wonderful time in Bali, and that鈥檚 in a great deal due to the Nusa Dua. It was our 5th anniversary and actually our 2nd true vacation since our marriage, so we called it our 2nd honeymoon. I booked a superior room, but they upgraded us to a Palace Club Room. Great reception, rose petals in the tub, a heart made of orchids at the bed. My wife spent the whole week taking care about the orchids.The staff was really friendly and helpful, but the again, I think this is a Balinese treat, so I guess any good hotel will serve you that. The hotel room and facilities are well kept, everything looking new, great toiletry, changed everyday (even a good quality wooden hairbrush, that my wife took to the beach was replaced). In general, good attention to detail. The social area is very pleasant, and the Balinese style entrance garden is certainly a plus. The breakfast is vast, ranging from a complete warm Japanese meal and European cheese, to beef sausages, for the Islamic guests. Overall good food, although the fruits seemed to us a little flavorless (but then again, we鈥檙e from Brazil, and we do have very good fruits).The beach itself is not great, the sand stripe is quite narrow, and the seabed full of rocks and seaweed. Anyway, for us, it was great, quiet and peaceful enough. The swimming pools are great, large, and the artificial beach is very pleasant.The hotel restaurants serve good food at prices comparable to what we鈥檇 find in Brazil (which by the way is not cheap, as some may think), but we found that the restaurants around the Nusa Dua gate justifies Bali鈥檚 fame of inexpensive food. A complete seafood meal for two, including lobsters, big shrimps, crab, fish, etc. and beverage cost us an average of $30~40. I mean the kind of meal that occupies the whole table鈥?Our tactics were lunching light meals at the hotel, and walking down the road for dinner.Ok鈥?That said, some pros and cons:PROS:Great hotel, service, attentiveness from the staff, cleanliness, good variety of activities. Overall great value.GREAT, I mean GREAT spa service. We went for a couple service, which provides includes massages with Balinese creams, and the masseurs leave the two of you to enjoy in private the facilities, including a pool, a Jacuzzi and sauna. We did it on our last day, and I can say it was an excellent farewell activity鈥?br/>CONS (for some):The hotel receives a lot of company workshops. That means that while you鈥檙e with your topless wife sunbathing at the pool, some people in suits walk by to get to the restaurant. While for us it was not a problem (my wife do not go topless), we observed that some guest were somewhat bothered with this;Our room was at ground level, which means that our balcony was also an exit to the side yard. Although it rendered us a great view and nature ambience, it stole some of out privacy. We had to close the balcony doors completely, otherwise somebody could see we showering from the garden.Hope this helps!Best regards,Rogerio.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Samson34
<Content>A good value for price The hotel resort is eventough a bit older and dated well maintained. Staff are very friendly and are doing everything to make the guests happy. It's a classic pool and beach-resort where you can hang around the whole day or entertain yourself with the usual staff like ping-pong, beach-volley, jet-ski etc. Overall you get a fair value for the price.However, since the hotel still has the label as being one of the leading hotels of the world, expectations need to be setted right:- compared to the other LDH i've been, it is clearly not a 5* top hotel. For this the whole facility is too dated, the food variance and sophistication is too little and just many view little things. Don't get me wrong, it is still on a very fair and good level, but when claiming being on of the best, this critic is apropriatePlus: Nusa Dua is like an island to the rest of Bali. Everything is 3 times more expensive. But you can simply avoid this by renting a motor-bike and exploring the sourundings on your own.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dillpop
<Content>Fantstic place This was a great way to spend a week of our honeymoon. We stayed in the Palace club and they made us feel very special. The room was lovely with lots of Balinese furniture including a wonderful carved wooden door to the lovely bathroom. The Palace Club gave us free soft drinks, afternoon tea and canapes and cocktails so was well worth the upgrade. We loved this place and Bali in general.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sue021
<Content>Excellent Service We spent 10 nights at this hotel to celebrate our Silver Wedding. We had booked a Palace Club room but on arrival were upgraded to a suite. The room was excellent, with a double sized balcony overlooking the gardens, sitting area, very comfortable bed, 2 TVs, bathroom and additional separate toilet. It is definitely worth paying the extra for a Palace Club room. The breakfast is very good, buffet style but with eggs, pancakes etc cooked to order. Afternoon tea consists of sandwiches, cream scones,cakes and pastries. Evening cocktails are also included along with a selection of nibbles. Free internet access plus non alcoholic drinks anytime. The staff in the Palace Club lounge are wonderful - very friendly and helpful. They were able to advise on local restaurants, outside the hotel and made reservations for us.The Spa is lovely, treatments very relaxing. We found the pool area here much quieter than the main pool and sunbeds were always available. Glass bottom boats and snorkelling are available from the beach, which was white sand and very clean.The food in the hotel is good, and not unreasonably priced compared to Uk. The Ramayana dance and buffet evening is good value and in a spectacular setting. Certainly better than the Barong show included in some excursions. Themed buffet dinners are available most nights or the pizza restaurant is good for a cheaper, more casual dinner. There are other restaurants in the nearby village and also in Jimbaran which provide transport to and from the hotel. The Pavillion is fairly new and food and service were excellent and cheap, especially local dishes. The Bali Collection is also within walking distance of the hotel ,although free transport is provided there too. There is a supermarket, local craft market and a variety of restaurants as well as the usual designer type outlets.We booked an island tour with the hotel Tours desk which was in a private car just for the two of us with a driver and guide. It was an excellent tour, very informative and good value. You can get cheaper prices outside the hotel but these often do not include the entrance fees or a guide and the driver will try to take you to places where they get commission. We did find that some tourist attractions had lots of traders and some were quite persistent. Watch out for the porters at the airport. They are quite pushy and take you straight to the money changer to get cash for their tip!Altogether a very relaxing holiday, excellent accommodation, good food and superb service. We would definitely recommend this hotel and would go back tomorrow!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>frian
<Content>Great Hotel with Great Service We stayed here as part of our honeymoon for 10 nights. We stayed in the Palace Club which we could certainly recommend. The staff in the Palace Club were excellent and certainly made our honeymoon.The rooms are clean and comfortable are in a traditonal Balinese style.We enjoyed our stay here but one thing we did find was that we became a little bored as for us there was not a lot of evening entertainment. We ventured on an evening to other hotels along the strip but found that the same entertainment seemed to be on in most hotels.We found the food to be really good and enjoyed all the restaurants in the hotel.If you want total relaxation then this is the hotel for you.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mattshelley
<Content>hmmmm - a bit so what... The Nusa Dua Beach hotel depends on what you want. Flying half the way round the world to spend 2 weeks with lots of posing silicone enhanced sunbathers in what is really nothing more than a disneyworld of a hotel is not for me, but our travel agent sold it to us as part of a larger packageI just found myself asking - whats the point. Apart from the admittedly impressive entrance designed in a balinese temple style this could have been anywhere in the world. The restaurants in the hotel complex for example were - a pizzeria, a Sushi Bar, A pool bar doing burgers and chips etc - and were all mediocre at best.Your bit of The beach isn't great (youre not allowed on any other hotels bit, see!) and i felt quite bad at the fact that there were teams of security guards in combat trousers with handguns walking around what what supposed to be a relaxing hotel. The only locals allowed within 100 yards of tourists are forced to wear numbered shirts so the aforementioned security guards can keep tracks on them - we dont want the people who live in Bali to interrupt the nice tourists now do we!All in all its depressingly sanitised. Probably great if you have kids or just enjoy sunbathing, but it seems a waste to go all the way to Bali to stay somewhere like this.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Diarmaid
<Content>Great hotel We stayed in Nusa Dua Beach Hotel for 9 days in September 2007. On the whole, it was an excellent hotel with plenty to do from tennis to squash to volleyball etc. One point of warning, the rooms in the hotel are quite dated and in need of renovation. They aren't really 4.5 star standard. The staff however are world class and are so welcoming and friendly. The Chess bar is a lovely place to sit and watch the world go by. The beach sports facilities were not free, which was disappointing. The breakfasts were excellent with hug choice. The first room we were given was extremely noisy (interconnecting doors) as we could hear clearly the room next door. Upon complaining, however we were moved to a much quieter and bigger room. Food and drink is quite pricey in the hotel. If you do stay here, make sure to go to Tropical and Bumbu Bali restaurants, which are located outside of the hotel complexes. These restaurants collect you and drop you home. Tropical in particular was excellent value with lovely food. Bumbu Bali is amazing. In summary, the hotel is very large with great staff and a nice beach. The sports facilities were always available and not busy, which was great. The spa is also fantastic although expensive. some great views but way over priced.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>teutea
<Content>It's just ok. Nice for family       the room veranda  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>reviewer320
<Content>Good but not great We stayed in deluxe room at Nusa Dua Beach for 11 Nights 8-19 Aug. It is a nice hotel (and probably nicer than most in Nusa Dua), but I don't believe very good value. Prices for spa, meals and drinks etc are expensive. Even snorkles etc have to be hired too.The hotel felt crowded and there was an early morning race to try and get a sunbed (many failed as not enough).It is a shame that you DO NOT get extra little touches like: flowers in room, chocolate on pillow or fruit by pool (unless you pay of course). I believe Palace Club do get extra flourishes, but why not everyone? It surely would cost little, but in general think they would rather make the extra money from their guests.Our room was slightly on the small side and noisy.Pools were fine (although busy) and beach ok. Gardens good.There are many places to eat within walking distance for 1/4 price of hotel. Kendi Kuning 600m left up the beach past Club Med is good.Bali Romantic (081338507291) do a good day long private tour incl lunch for only $25 US per person.Don't pay more than $15 US for taxi to Hotel from Airport.Weather was good, hot and sunny during the day with welcome breeze and occassional rain at night.Consider staying a few days at Kajane Mua Villas in UBUD which excellent. You get your own Villa with small pool in lush garden setting with extras you don't get at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel for $200 per night and much much better value spa ($25 US for 2 hours), food and drinks etc. Only downside was wetter.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>littlemissB
<Content>honeymoon heaven We went to bali after a fab 2 night stay in Singapore which we loved (didn't actually want to leave!).We stayed at this hotel for 9 nights. On arrival we were taken into the palace club to check in where we were given a drink. The exerience was very calm and personal. We were then taken to our room (Batur Suite). Towards the end of our stay we found out the we had been upgraded twice! The food was lovely, with a never ending range of fresh fruit juices. It's definately worth paying a bit extra to have palace club access if you're staying here for a special occasion. We had free cocktails every night. I went for the champagne ones!My new hubby would have liked a beach where you could swim properly - the water is very shallow, take a pair of water shoes and you can explore the shallows. We also found that you have to get up REALLY early to reserve a sunbed, many are already taken by 7.30am!A short walk to Bali Collection or outside the main gates and the food is dirt cheap but still with fantastic service. A great hotel if you want to relax and get away from it all.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Timzo
<Content>Highly recommended My wife (still not used to saying that!) and I stayed at this hotel for just over a week a few weeks ago as part of our honeymoon.Having read all of the reviews on this website before we left, I was slightly worried that the hotel may not live up to our expectations. However, I'm pleased to say that we had a fantastic time and the hotel was lovely.The entrance to the hotel is spectacular and makes a great first impression when you first arrive. We stayed in one of the Palace Club rooms, which was furnished in traditional Balinese style and had everything we needed, including doors out onto a patio area which looked out over the impressive gardens.We definitely felt the benefit of the Palace Club, and took advantage of the excellent breakfast in the Club Lounge every morning, as well as the complimentary cocktails and nibbles every evening. We would definitely recommend the upgrade if you can stretch to it.The staff all over the hotel were unfailingly polite, and all spoke good English, so we had aboslutely no problems on that front. In terms of facilities, there are 5 restaurants in which you can eat lunch or dinner, and although more they are pricier than restaurants outside the hotel complex, we didn't find the prices particularly expensive - perhaps that's because we're used to London prices - but we never paid more than 拢30-40 for a 2 course dinner for two with wine/beer. If you do decide to venture out of the hotel for dinner, head to the Tropical in Nusa Dua, at which the food was tasty and very reasonable. The two pools on the complex are not huge considering the number of rooms, but as the hotel seemed to be no more than 2/3 full whilst we were there we never found this a problem. Having said that, a top tip is to go and find the Lap Pool over next to the Spa, which was almost empty compared to the main pool. It's not big but is perfect for a cooling dip after sunning yourself. The beach was fine but narrow (and literally 10 seconds from the pools), contrary to some other reviews I've read, although we stayed on the loungers near the pool most of the time as there was more shade. There are various cultural performances put on at the open air theatre in the middle of the grounds, and I would recommend that you see at least one as they are a great way to take in some traditional Balinese culture.In terms of the location of the hotel, yes it is situated in a very sanitised complex which is very secure - you go through one checkpoint just to get into the Nusa Dua area and then another one to get into the hotel - but there is plenty of opportunity to book day trips out to other parts of the island if you want to experience the 'real' Bali. Overall, we would defintely recommend this hotel. If you are after a very comfortable, relaxing hotel, and are looking forward to spending the majority of your time chilling out rather than sightseeing, stay at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel. We would love to go back one day...  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>aral
<Content>too good to be true....but it is true       this is where you get breakfast  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>admin37
<Content>loved this hotel My husband and I stayed at this wonderful hotel for 8 nights, we upgraded to the Palace Club which we highly recommend doing, the service was excellent and the staff could not do enough for you, the room was marvelious, the grounds wonderful, squirrels, roam free and are lovely to watch. the only downside is that you have to get to the beach or pool early to reserve a beach/pool bed so I do think that they need to look into getting a few more but that is just a small niggle, About 10 mins walk from the hotel is the Bali Collection a shopping complex with some nice shopping and lovely restaurants that are very cheap to eat in and the food is great, this is all to cater for the tourist so you do need to get out of your hotel and see the proper Bali, i can recommend the mountain bike trip 2 hours downhill so hardly any peddeling and you go through the bali villages and see the children, schools, paddi fields and end at the elephant sanctury this is a wonderful day. All in all a very nice holiday in a lovely hotel  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>symbo
<Content>Fantastic Hotel I don't know why people are writing bad reviews of this hotel?I have stayed at this property at least half a dozen times ( inall different room categories) and have no complaints! I have stayed over a period of years, and have found the hotel to be well kept and maintained perfectly. It is not looking old and does not need updating. The rooms are all spacious and well appointed.The Palace Club is well worth the upgrade and the satff aredivine. They all speak English and cannot do enough for you.From reception to management I cannot praise the hotel enough.The pool area has been renovated in the last 3 years and the beach is clean and not a lot of hawkers ( expected in this part of the world though....) I highly recommend staying here, and yes the food may bit a bit $$$ than being in Kuta, but that;s the choice you make either stay in a 5 star hotel and don't whinge or goback to Kuta and eat in the cheaper restaurants or off the street.Happy for anyone to contact me with any queries...  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>freeflyerUdine
<Content>paradise on earth       seaside garden  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>annahelena
<Content>great facilities Travelled to Bali in June 2007 with my boyfriend + friends of us (a family with 2 children aged 8+14years)I actually stayed of couple of nights at Nusa Dua Beach HotelSpa already 7 or 8years ago but not on holidays..After 6 nights at Bali Hyatt, Sanur we moved to Nusa Dua Beach Hotel.Everything about the hotel met my expectations. Me my boyfriend stayed in a deluxe room and our friends stayed in a superior room for 4. The hotel was nice enough to give us rooms with poolseaview. If You麓re just looking for a room for 2 people it is definitely worth the pricedifference to stay in deluxe instead of superiorroom. The bathroom of the deluxeroom is so much better - both shower and tub and open shutters so You get a view of bedroom and even a bit beyond. Beach is very nice but again seaweed in water makes swimming a bit difficult. The 2 pools are very nice. The table tennis and snooker table was much appreciated by everyone in our company. Brekafast was plentiful. Apart from breakfast the only meal we had at hotel was one lunch- pizza and it was OK but too expensive! Service was good as expected at 5star hotel BUT not more - I did not feel the same personal touch as I did at Bali Hyatt. Our friends and especially the children however liked it more at Nusa Dua - more things happening around the hotel area!If You do not want to have all Your meals at the hotel there are some restauarants( and also shops) right outside the gate into Nusa Dua area, it takes about 10minutes to walk (and if You do not want to walk all restaurants have transportation)  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>gypsyl
<Content>Disappointed I with a friend went to Nusa Dua for a nice relaxing break. Which i have to say we had but i was totally disappointed in the lack of professionalism within the food and beverage departments within the hotel. I stayed there for 9 nights and on their defence maybe my expectations were too high. The quality of the food all over the hotel was way below average for a leading hotel of the world status.The service was very poor and as for the english language skills wellas far as i was concerned they were terrible apart from a couple of bar staff. The cost of everything in the hotel is exceptionally high compared to the small restaurants just outside the hotel grounds and to be honest their service and food standards were much higher and friendlier. Some of the male memebers of staff could be taught a bit about personel hygiene as it could be quite offensive on the hotter days.We checked into the palace rooms and on the 7 occasions we went for breakfast our order was wrong. A couple of times i can understand but7 morning in a row is a bit passed it. When i am eating i dont expectto be covered in ants each morning either and yes i know it is an outside area but there are ways to prevent this from happening. On a plus side for the hotel i have to say the landscaping was beautiful and really made the hotel for me. The rooms could do with a bit of a touch up but all in all they were comfortable and spacious not that you spend much time in it.We did have a lovely holiday just a shame about the operational/fb of the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>klean
<Content>You will not want to leave We stayed at this hotel for 5 very relaxing days. The pools and the beach were great. Our room was spacious (standard room), and it was cleaned twice a day. The best point of this hotel was the food (I didn't expect such quality and variety) and the service.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Glindaba
<Content>Good Experience but Leading Hotel??? We have just returned from staying at the Nusa Dua and although our experience ultimately turned out to be a good one, there were some problems. To be frank, this does not seem worthy of it's Leading Hotel status; it's some boast to be voted Best Hotel in Asia in 1997 and I think the reputation has diminished somewhat. The property is shabby and does not have the wow factor present in other hotels. Language is the major problem here because although the staff speak English, general communication including trying to resolve difficulties or ask for anything out of the ordinary is terribly frustrating. At Palace Club level the general choice of food was fine but somewhat disappointing at cocktail hour. Our suite was good though and the senior staff did listen to our qualms and must be credited highly on acting upon them and providing us with a series of treats which were delightfully unexpected. We understand renovation works are planned for the future and look forward to returning in order to report on the progress!!!!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mhayli
<Content>Will be staying here again This was my fourth visit to Bali, fourth time staying at Nusa Dua but first stay at Nusa Dua Beach Hotel. To address some other reviewers comments, yes, Nusa Dua is a purpose built resort enclave that doesn't really give you a taste of the real Bali (although a walk through Tanjung Benoa or Bualu village will help in this respect). If you are not aware of this fact before you visit Bali, I would be criticising your travel agent, not the hotel. The thing that I like about Nusa Dua is it allows you stay in a location away from the hustle, bustle and touting that is Kuta and (to an extent) Sanur. Yet, being such a small island, nowhere is far from Nusa Dua, so day tours to pretty much anywhere on the island are possible (although a week in Nusa Dua and a week in Ubud would allow you to see and experience more). As for the hotel, there is not much else to say other than perfect. Sure, food is expensive, but you expect that at such a hotel. Most restaurants in Tanjung Benoa and Bualu offer free transport to hotels, so there is a pretty good range of places to eat away from the hotel (recommend Bumbu Bali, Jalan Pratama, Tanjung Benoa). Room was nicely furnished and cleaned well, recreational facilities and activitiies were great and the Kecak dance and buffet dinner on the beach (Sunday evenings) is highly recommended.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jeremyecu
<Content>Just a huge resort that could have been anywhere. During my stay in Bali, I spent 5 nights at Nusa Dua and several nights at other hotels in Bali. The Nusa Dua was a nice hotel...both the room and the beach. However, the hotel did not even compare to the more traditional hotels where I stayed, including Tandjung Sari in Sanur. One could spend a week at Nusa Dua and have no idea what Bali is really like. In fact, this hotel could be in Mexico or anywhere else there is a beach. The hotel is located on a peninsula with several other major resorts (many of which appeared to be nicer). This area seems to have been created solely for tourists. It is not located near anything in particular but an outdoor shopping mall, which only tourists appear to frequent. One needs to take a taxi ride (about 12 bucks or so) to get to the other areas like Kuta or Seminyak. More more Ubud or Sanur.The food at the resort was below average and overpriced. The service was frequently bad. Other services such as internet and laundry were fine, but again, overpriced. I made a couple of short local calls that ended up being very expensive.Overall, the room and hotel grounds are nice, but I did not go to Bali to stay at a hotel that could have been anywhere. You may enjoy swimming in the pool and sitting by the beach, but know that you will not experience Bali.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	2	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Veresk
<Content>Best hotel in Nusa Dua               More photos  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>geneAmericanInParis
<Content>one of the finest hotels in the world I travel the world for business and usually stay in five star properties. This hotel ranks as one of the finest hotels I have visited. Of all of the superlatives, what sets it apart is the quality of the service. The staff and management are attentive to your every need, always anticipating your requests. Yet, they are not aggressive or intrusive, giving the guests an atmosphere of absolute calm. The staff and management are clearly sincere and friendly in their individual and collective desire to serve the guests. The food was fabulous for this nine day visit. The chefs and the kitchen are skilled in the cuisines of Asia and Europe and each day provided exceptional dishes. The desserts were outstanding. For those travelers concerned with digestive problems, the offerings including the salads were all safe! The property is a welcomed departure from the usual five star resort, reflecting the indigenous culture of the Balinese people. My room was decorated in fine carved wood, and while it had all of the modern conveniences, was well grounded in the local culture. The property is beautifully situated on the beach. Visit the Spa and try the Balinese massage for relief from a long airplane trip.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HarryHazel
<Content>First time to Bali - will return We arranged a trip taking in Singapore, Malaysia; Bali was our chance for a rest. We had an excellent hotel in Malaysia and were a bit concerned that the Nusa Dua might be an anti-climax. We are pleased to report that it was not. We opted for a Palace Room, and the all-day Tea  Coffee, afternoon tea and evening cocktails were excellent. Generally we seemed to have two or three people looking after us when we were in the Palace Lounge (where meals and refreshments are served).Room was excellent and comfortable, effective air conditioning and well maintained. They had a very good stock of DVDs, which we made some use of. My advice to anyone staying in The Nusa Dua would to try and get a room above the ground floor. We had no problems, but sitting on the patio outside your room, it feels a bit public. Would have no hesitation in returning to this hotel and would happily recommend to friends.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MargaretPortDouglas
<Content>Palace Club Room at Nusa Dua Hotel        Squirrel - a regular visitor  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>miss_gonewest
<Content>What a treat! Loved this hotel       Pool at night  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>thejakos
<Content>Memorable 40th! For Chinese New Year we decided to go to Bali and celebrate my husband's birthday. We were a family of 4 with 2 teenagers 14  17. The hotel is beautiful. Our rooms were on the Palace Club side but we did not opt for the palace club upgrade. I recommend the lower level with your own stone patio walking right out to the gardens of the hotel. The pools were so nice and never felt noisy or crowded. Like I said, we were there for CNY, but never had a problem with resturants, spa or beach loungers. The staff is wonderful and food quite tasty. I booked the pool bale for just the 2 of us for a birthday celebration. It was so romantic and fantastic, including champagne! They closed the pool for our meal and we were surrounded by candles and flowers. It was definitely a highlight of our trip. The beach is not so great, we are beach lovers, with sea grasses you have to walk through to get to clearer waters. But in them we found sea urchins, star fish and all sorts of critters. We did the Uluwatu temple, but i would not go at sunset. We went around 5ish and noticed great crowds coming around 6. It would have been impossible to take the pictures we did with a crowd. We did a local dinner one night at Sharkeys that was very fun and great food you pick out of the aquarium and is cooked for you. You are sitting in plastic chairs on the sand so no heels, but like I said, very local with vendors coming around selling wares to all the tourists eating. I would absolutely go back and stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>riclec
<Content>The Best We have just returned from a 16 day stay in this resort. We were greated with the flare of a 5 star hotel. We booked the Palace suite with the Club advantages which are a blast and well worth it. The services is without compare. The staff is friendly, courteous, generous and humble. The food offered in the Club was excellent. The happy hour (6-8) is best described as a social adjustment hour; excellent in every way. This place is not dated as some reviews indicated, it is always being updated. The Spa would best be described as Balinese and is worthy of the treatments. The lap pool, spa facilities are very nice. The room is very clean, fresh sheets every day, towels twice a day if you want, free water, ice if needed and supper delivered to the room if so desired. The beach, lounges, lagoon pool and grassed lounging areas are all excellent. It is evident that the administration is working very hard to make each and everyone comfortable and contented. The food in the restaurants varies from pick-up to the best of dining in all of Nusa Dua. I would recommend this hotel to any of my friends.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rosanne_cat
<Content>a quite good hotel I am from HK so actually don't think the balinese style in the hotel is not such balinese...e.g. the lake beside the restuaurant with breadfast, it really decorate in a chinese style indeed.The top of all the house in bali is like the style in ancient chinese.The Bali ppl are very polite and nice, the beach near hotel is clean and good view.Overall, bali is a good place to have a relaxing vocation, except the high living standard.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	3	4	3	

<Author>lastminuteman
<Content>Perfect place to relax and unwind I stayed here for 7 nights with my family (4 adults) in February and found the hotel the perfect place to unwind in the sun! The staff are all super friendly and helpful and the hotel backs onto a fantastic stretch of beach. The rooms are clean and comfortable and our superior rooms had a balcony which overlooked the gardens and ocean. Breakfast in the main restaurant is delicious and plentiful. We mainly ate in the hotel and there are a number of restaurants including a lovely outdoor pizzeria by the main pool. There is also another poolside bar and restaurant which serves drinks and lunch by your lounger!We mainly stayed at the hotel taking advantage of its excellent spa but would recommend a BaliHai trip to watch the dolphins playing in the ocean. Word of warning though - don't eat breakfast as the boat is a fast inflatable and can be a bit choppy!Other amenities in the hotel include a money changer, tour organiser and a small variety of shops. The hotel also invites local traders to set up stalls in the hotel grounds in the evening which gives a market feel.We visited in the rainy season (although it barely rained) and there were a fair few mosquitoes in the evening so take some insect repellent.Overall would definitely visit again and recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mfokkelman
<Content>Great hotel! Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa is a fantastic accomodation and has everything you would want for a relaxing holiday. The hotel has outstanding restaurants, a nice theater and very friendly staff.We were there for 10 days and really loved it. I am sure we will go back within a couple of years. We would definitely recommend to book the Palace Club room, it is more than worth your money! The complimentary afternoon tea, cocktail hour, great breakfast in the Palace club garden and excellent service are just a couple of reasons. Also, we did not find the hotel, room or pool dated at all, like some other people wrote in their Tripadvisor review. Maybe all the renovations mentioned are completed by now?If you are looking to take a trip around Bali, we would strongly recommend our driver, Mr. Sutama (wayandriver at yahoo.com), which gave us a wonderful tour tailored to our preferences at a competitive price.We're already looking forward to our next trip, and are sure we would prefer Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa above the many American hotel chains.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SunnyGoa
<Content>Be Pampered Nusa Dua is the best example of the balinese hospitatlity the staff, food, spa,bars,landscaping,Restaurants  especially the evening market which they set up everything is simply amazing. They just have to do one small change  that is to their pool which looks slightly outdated. Otherwise it is one fantastic hotel with best value for money.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>anouk24
<Content>very nice hotel The NBH is an excellent hotel in balinese style. We had a superior room, which was nice and spacious enough. It had a very good kingsize bed and a nice balcony. The pools are great and so is the garden. We loved the spa pool. It was very peaceful there and very quiet. Breakfast was excellent. Although the restaurants are a bit expensive, the food is great. Overall just a great place to stay!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>keelyjane
<Content>lovely Im a travel agent and this is where is stay every time i go to Bali, This hotel is one of the leading hotels of the World. It beautiful i cannot fault it. All of the rooms are luxurious and clean. All have magnificant views either over the manicured gardens or the ocean. The hotel is right on the beach, The pool areas are very nice.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tonto54
<Content>Simply the best! Six friends booked via Tradewinds and stayed seven nights out of a three week far east holiday,Nusa Dua Beach Hotel  Spa was just esceptional. Book extra with the Palace Club and you wil have the time of your life.Service is exceptional, everyone is born here with a smile that is so sincere it rubs off on to everyone. The manager is from Dublin and Danny is a fine man with a superb sence of humour. He is also an active Rotarian and they meet weekly in the hotel!All in all a not to be missed place and we are so please to have made it part of our special tour.John, Lyn, Duncan, Jan, Kelvin and Organiser Jane, (Top job!)  
<Date>Dec 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NHUSSAIN
<Content>Fabulous time in Bali Nusa Dua Beach Resort was simply amazing!The staff, the pool, the beach were completely wonderful..I would recommend this resort to singles, families or couples - it is accomodating for all. Taxi ride to kuta beach is a bit long but well worth staying at this amazing resort.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>J.Cruz
<Content>So relaxing! What a great hotel! The staff were excellent and the room beautiful! I really recommend the in house restaurant! fantastic local baliense food.Pool area was lovey and direct access to the beach!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Charles_Orleans
<Content>International Class An excellent international class 5 star hotel with all the amenities you would expect. Nusa Dua is a secure enclave of luxury hotels well away from the real Bali, but the hotel facilities and service are of a very high standard. Prices to match.A great place, very relaxing, but you really could be anywhere tropical.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mmsaf
<Content>traditional values this is one of the best hotels i have stayed in the world. The hotel may not be completely to everyones taste but the rooms were traditonal and the customer service second to none. If you come to Bali I would strongly suggest you see some of the local culture and temples which this island is famous for. We booked 3 day trips with the hotels driver- Mr Youdana, who is so patient and considerate especially if you are travelling with kids. He is affiliated to the hotel so he can be gooked through the nusa dua hotel.Overall I would definitely recommend this hotel .  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>GeoWalther
<Content>Most Balinese Hotel at Nusa Dua This was my 7th visit to Bali, and my first honeymoon there! I've visited every hotel at Nusa Dua and some are fancier, more modern, newer, and more international than this one. But, you're going to Bali, aren't you? Some of the others could be Tokyo or some generic beach resort.This hotel is truly Balinese, especially in terms of the attentive staff with truly loving Balinese spirit. The landscape is fully grown in, and while not brand new, all hotel amenities and rooms are in good working order. You won't find stainless steel and glass moderne here. Traditional Balinese looks and style.We sprang for the extra charge (honeymoon, after all!) to be in the private club wing with concierge services, cocktail receptions, etc, and found it well worth the extra cost. I have stayed in the main part of the hotel on previous visits and have always been consistently impressed. The daily included breakfast is just amazing. You won't need to eat until dinner, and will probably find yourself lingering a long time because of the ambience.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AvidHolidaymaker
<Content>Time to chill! After a not-so-warm welcome from Customs at the airport, we were a bit anxious and not sure what to expect from the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel. We needn't have worried - the staff were lovely, and our deluxe room, and the other amenities were all more than adequate.Breakfast choices were extensive, and the tables were overlooking ponds with fish and water lilies to look at as you dine!We had booked half board, and you can use any of the restaurants for dinner. We would particularly recommend Raja's for Balinese cuisine and excellent service. Also, the entertainment evenings in the Buddaya theatre on site were really good, with superb buffets set up, and beautifully decorated surroundings.While the spa looked good, we actually opted to use the Westin next door for a Balinese massage beach-side. The masseurs were lovely girls, and the whole experience of being outdoors, listening to the ocean and the palm trees in the breeze was fabulous.There are plenty of options for lying in the sun - round the pools, in the gardens, or on the beach - the choice is yours.I think all the hotels are still experiencing low levels of trade since the bombing in 2002. It's such a shame because the hotels all seem to be of a good standard, and the people are genuinely nice people. The resort is immaculately kept, the security guards ensure the environment feels safe, and the shopping centre is worth a visit too - the labels are amazing value. I would recommend a trip inland to get a real feel for the island - we visited the lake at the volcano, and a spice plantation, and it was fabulous to see the rice terraces/ fields all over the countryside.We weren't sure what to expect of our visit - but this place really gets under your skin by the time you leave!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>briggs
<Content>Thumbs up for Nusa Dua Beach Hotel We spent 15 nights at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel, and can recommend the hotel and facilities to anyone looking for a spotlessly clean hotel with extremely helpful staff.The hotel has a gorgeous location with pools and bars/restaurants overlooking a wonderful beach.We stayed for one week in a Superior room and one week in a Palace Club Room ... believe me - there is such a huge difference, and if you can, choose the Palace Club Room!!A huge Jaccussi bath in a modern luxerious bathroom with fantastic seperate walk in shower and seperate toilet. The bathroom can be seen from the bedroom if required by sliding open beautiful wooden doors and you can then watch the tv whilst relaxing in the foam bubbling bath!!! The bedroom is huge, and the bed enormous. Two lovely lemon upholstered armchairs compliment the decor, and a DVD player and Music system were also included. A beautiful fresh flower arrangement and bowl of fresh fruit are lovely touches when you first arrive into the room. The patio area has two comfortable sunloungers looking onto immaculate quiet gardens. We had our breakfast in the Main open air Restaurant overlooking the shaped lilyponds, and the choice was overwhelming. It was a pleasure each morning being greeted by such friendly, helpful staff, and the food was of a high standard. Breakfast is served from 6.30am to 10.30am, and we visited the Restaurant varying times from 7am to 10.15am and each time the food was fresh and plentiful.If you're looking for a western style, ultra modern hotel, then it's not the Nusa Dua, but if you want Balinese culture, a quality service and a hotel offering excellent facilities - look no further.Some of the hotel areas do indicate the age of the hotel. ie. chess bar and restaurant look a bit tired and in need of updating, and the lagoon pool could also be freshened up, but these are minor observations of ours. You may not even notice them.Generally, the hotel is well maintained and indeed work to balconies and the Reception flooring was being undertaken whilst we were there.ALL the staff are helpful and exceptionally friendly..... you find yourself trying to learn some basic balinese greetings just to say thank you etc., although it's not necessary as most speak English.From the time you get out of your transport bringing you from the airport to the time you leave, you will receive a first class service from this hotel. We certainly can give our recommendation to anyone considering the Nusa Dua Beach ...... choose the Palace Club room .... you won't be dissappointed!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Yorkshirelass74
<Content>Honeymoon in Nusa Dua We stayed in Bali as the second leg of our honeymoon in June. Nusa Dua is a very strange resort, it is beautiful and impeccably clean, there are large ornamental gates to the resort which is essentially just several high quality hotels down a nice stretch of beach. I say strange because it is just so manicured it doesn't quite feel real. The roundabouts have huge sculptures and water features on them.  It feels incredibly secure as all cars must go through a security gate where they are opened and checked by several guards as they enter the resort and again a similar security check at the entrance to the Nusa Dua hotel. The entrance to the hotel and lobby are impressive. We opted for the upgrade to the Palace wing which we would highly recommend. The rooms have large balconies which lead straight out to a beautiful garden with pond and fantastic trees and plants - a little slice of heaven when you wake up in the morning. The room was clean and large with lots of ornamental carving and wooded flooring it certainly felt luxurious. We were very well looked after at the palace club, a short walk across the garden - they tended to your every need and offer DVDS, internet access, all day drinks and butler services, breakfast, afternoon tea and evening cocktails and canap茅s all included in the room upgrade. The rest of the hotel is nice - large but not too big. The beach is nice, though you can't swim in the sea. The pool area was OK but to be honest even with the supposedly low occupancy rates in Bali at the moment we never got chance to sit by it as the beds were always taken. There are plenty more on the beach however. We visited the chess bar for a meal and Raja's twice. Chess bar was fine but we would highly recommend Rajas where we were treated extremely well by the staff and the food was fab. Overall we were very happy with this hotel, it was pretty, very clean and the staff couldn't do more for us. As far as the leading hotels of the world tag goes, I am not quite sure what this means and who awards it, but if you take it literally you may be disappointed, a discerning traveler, used to staying at the worlds finest, will probably find that this does not quite compare.We would recommend the hotel though would be unlikely to return to Nusa Dua. This is purely personal preference. As a rule we like to leave our hotel, go for a stroll and pop into a few bars/restaurants etc, there is very little around nusa dua at all and as the weather wasn't great when we were there we felt a bit bored, though it is cheap and easy to get taxis to jimbaran kuta etc and excursions to ubud etc are also cheap and you will get private tours and your own guides which is great. There are also lots of water sports available at Benoa just down the beach.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honeymoon paradise This was the first stop on our honeymoon trip (for 5 nights), this hotel is accredited in the 'best hotels in the world' programme and, having travelled extensively in recent years we can say with confidence it is exactly that! The room we had was huge, well furnished with a modern balianese feel, the bed was really comfortable and the balcony looked over the sea. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff who were really friendly. I had always dreamed we would have a champagne breakfast on the beach during our honeymoon, but this is not something they normally do. They said it would be no problem though, and at 6am a feast of local fruits, cereals, breads and champagne was set on a table on the beach with a some fantastic displays of cerominal flowers and an arch way with our names on with 2 waiters to serve us. Amazing as I only asked the night before!A visit to the Spa is a must, we chose the Studio massage for two which seemed pricey at nearly 拢50 each but was the most relaxing experience in the world we each had a full body massage on beds next to each other with one masseusse each for 1 hour and gives you exclusive use of pool with floating frangiopani flowers, and a sauna, steam room and jacuzzi all in you own exclusive villa that is yours for 2 hours. Amazing....The hotel is well placed to make a day trip to Ubud - (a must for a Bali trip), sun set with Balianese dancing at a local cliff top temple (name escapes me!), and just a short walk from the fabulous Bumbai Bali cooking school run by Heinz von Holtzen, classes from 拢60 each for a full day including a market tour in the morning to collect the produce - very entertaining. Off the beach is also some reasonable coral to explore, well priced beach massage and water sports available too. All beach sellers are licensed and you will get none of the hassle you may experience at Kuta beach. A great place for relaxation, honeymoons, weddings and all.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Teeka09
<Content>Absolute Bliss My husband and i stayed here for five night on our honeymoon and couldn't have had a better time.The staff were amazing and we made great friends with Astawa at the pool bar who ended up taking us on a tour of Bali for FREE!! Everyone always said hello when you walked past with a big smile on their face which was so nice to see.We used the spa and had a joint scrub and massage treatment which i have to say was just awesome, my husband still can't stop talking about how good it was. We also had a massage in a hut looking out at the ocean which was bliss.We just absolutely loved the food, the people and the place and couldn't recommend a better resort especially for such a great price.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dogcazza
<Content>Overpriced and disappointing My boyfriend and I stayed in August 2005 for 6 nights. This hotel is fine if you are happy staying in a huge resort that could be anywhere in the world. The gardens and sculptures are beautiful, and your first impression of the lobby is beautiful.. then you get to the rooms. They are very dated and shabby, should have been upgraded years ago. The drains were smelly and noisy. Could hear the neighbours talking.We were made to wait 45 minutes before our room was available, and it was not at all what we wanted or expected, it was tiny and above the main driveway, we were upgraded when we told them it was not what we wanted, the upgraded room was better, but only just! The walkways to rooms always had room service trays outside the doors.The beach was pretty, but not really swimmable. The pool was beautiful, but we had to get there at 7am to make sure we got a lounge! Some lounges were left empty (but reserved with towels) for the majority of the day so people just came down and used them at their leisure. This is unfair, and something the hotel should stop.The breakfast was great, and the staff were very friendly. The pool bar was also great, and the bartender very friendly.We ate there once (room service) as it seemed very overpriced. We caught taxis into Kuta every day to eat / shop (don't do it in Nusa Dua), then went on to stay in Ubud.One memory of the hotel that I really enjoy is us watching the squirrels in the early morning and afternoon, they were great!Overall we were pretty disappointed with the experience, though we had a nice time, we would steer clear of this hotel again.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>2356
<Content>A Paradise       View from room  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ssmk
<Content>A Beautiful Bargain My husband and I stayed at the NDB Hotel and Spa for 5 nights in March 2006. We had purchased a package through Asian Affair Holidays - an incredible deal. We enjoyed our stay here. The grounds are beautiful, but dated. The monuments and decorations are incredible. However, I wish they would update the walkways, corridors, and rooms. Overall, this hotel is beautiful and clean and more Balinese, but not luxurious or modern.The morning was my favorite time of day at the hotel. We would wake up to birds chirping. For breakfast, we would sit by the pond and watch the birds and fish while we ate nasi and mee goreng. Then we would walk on the walkway which extends along the beach. This walkway connects almost all of the Nusa Dua area hotels. We did not eat any other meals at the hotel, because we either went to Ubud during the day, or to Jimbaran beach for seafood, or to the village outside of the Nusa Dua gates (Ulam seafood restaurant was nice.) There are so many hotels along Nusa Dua Beach. The Westin was next door. This hotel is more modern. I preferred the NDB Hotel because of a more traditional feel. We also explored the Hyatt which seemed even more manufactured. These hotels could be at any beach (from Hawaii to Phuket), but at least with the NDB Hotel, you knew you were in Bali. We spent the rest of our vacation at the Ritz in Jimbaran. Overall, I enjoyed this facility much more, but of course it was much more expensive. For a couple, looking for a romantic beach vacation, Jimbaran or Legian are nicer. The Nusa Dua Beach area was completely manufactured and isolated for tourists, so if you want western conviences (there is even a Starbucks in walking distance at the Bali Collection) and safety this is the place. I hope more tourists come back to Bali. It is really amazing. I felt very safe the entire time!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gummycandy
<Content>A gorgeous place! My boyfriend and I had a wonderful time here in March 2005. We booked this as part of a package and were very impressed! The lobby is lovely, the beach is clean, the pool is pretty. Staff was very welcoming and accomdating. Don't hesitate to book this hotel!The spa is lovely, though no bargain. My massage therapist was wonderful - a worthy splurge.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Cookie_80
<Content>A little disappointing We stayed here in April for our honeymoon after getting married at a villa elsewhere in Bali. We chose it as our honeymoon hotel based on reviews and star ratings in brochures, and to be honest we were quite disappointed. We had stayed at the Bali Mandira and the Bali Hilton prior to the wedding, and preferred both of the those to the NDBH. The rooms are quite small, particularly compared to the Hilton, the beach wasn't that great, the pools were cold, the lobby not that spectacular. On the plus side, the buffet breakfast was terrific, but not all that different to the others. Considering that both the Hilton and the Mandira were cheaper, we felt really let down, having spent more money on what we thought would be the better hotel for our honeymoon.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Too big for Bali, too small a pool Also based on several reviews on this site we had high expectations. However, we were disappointed. We booked a Suite at their Palace Club. This room, though spacious, had obviously not been used for quite some time; it just not smelled fresh.After having spend wonderfull days in two fabulous boutique hotels (Alila) this hotel was just too big for us. 480 rooms and in fact just one main pool with the size of a somewhat larger bathtub. It was not clean either. If the hotel were to be fully booked, one would have to run 'the German way' each morning to get a spot beside the pool. One towel per guest can be considered somewhat poor for one of the Leading hotels of the world. Restaurants were OK but again not that special. Furthermore it was quite obvious that the hotel works with numerous travelagencies who seem to be offering last minutes as well, which was reflected by the general standing of the guests.However, the setting and gardens looked great and the Palace Club offers nice drinks and snacks. Can be a fairly nice hotel if you plan to travel with your kids.But, if you can spend a little, and are keen on visiting this touristic part of Bali, one could recommand other hotels in the neighbourhood, such as f.e. the (fabulous) Four Seasons.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel and great service! We stayed here for our honeymoon for over 2 weeks. We loved the hotel and the staff couldn't do enough for us. The hotel has great character and is not what you would call truly modern but that added to the charm of the place. You felt like you were in Bali and not anywhere in the world which some of the other hotels seemed to appear as. The rooms are very well equipped and comfortable. The Palace Club is worth the extra money which includes afternoon tea with sandwiches, cakes and then cocktails in the evening with hors d'oeuvres. The staff there all speak English perfectly and there is entertainment most evenings. There are a variety of restaurants so you can choose what you want from Pizza through to 5* cuisine. The grounds and the Spa are beautiful. We would thoroughly recommend this hotel for a relaxing and self-indulgent holiday. We came back very relaxed. Again, we were bowled over by how charming, efficient and friendly the staff were. It is well worth a holiday.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jude88
<Content>Beautiful Resort We have just returned from 9 nights at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and could not recommend it highly enough. The resort is beautifully maintained and the pools were stunning. Excellent beachfront location and we were not hounded by hawkers. So many watersport options available at a great price and a breakfast buffet to remember !! The staff were so friendly and genuine. We travelled with our two sons 9 and 7. The Gecko club was perfect for the 7 yr old but did not hold heaps of interest for the 9 yr old. We have suggested to the Hotel that they look at ways of catering to slightly older children as well. We are going back in Sept 06 and are counting the days.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>florent
<Content>What a disappointment First, the good things :1) as my wife and I celebrated our 1st Anniversary in Bali, the hotel granted us an upgrade for a Deluxe Room instead of the Superior we paid for. So, as for the room, nothing to tell except this is not quite a 鈥淟eading hotels of the world鈥?style room, compared to the other hotels where we stayed all around the world, with some of them members of this label.2) The Spa is honestly really good.But for the rest, what a disappointment!1) Barely half of the staff speak English which is weird for a leading hotel though,2) Restaurants鈥?Well, freshly squeezed orange juice directly from the freezer, meat loaf from the microwave oven, outrageously high price compared to the quality offered, welcome at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel  Spa,3) Beach? No, one-meter sandy path!So, please if you come to Bali, avoid Nusa Dua, unless you want to stay in Disneyland: No Bali atmosphere, sellers on the beach with numbers on their back: In case you would have a problem with one of them, it鈥檇 be easier to find out with whom you got an issue鈥?Just shoking as it does remember me a bad period of History during WWII!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Em&Ham
<Content>Great honeymoon memories of Nusa Dua Beach Resort! My husband and I have just returned from our honeymoon in Bali where we spent 8 days at the Nusa Dua Beach Resort. We spent a lot of time deciding which hotel in Nusa Dua to choose and we were not disappointed! The staff could not be more friendly, gentle or helpful. Breakfast was wonderful every day and there was so much choice we never got bored eating there. The pool setting was beautful and food and drinks were pretty reasonable price wise given that this is a five star hotel. What we liked best was the relaxed atmosphere at the hotel. There was a real mix of people staying at the hotel - honeymooners, groups of young friends, couples young and old and a few families from all parts of the world. This meant that although the hotel felt special, it was not pretentious, no pressure to wear a tie at dinner (although plenty of people did).I couldn't recommend this hotel highly enough - we will go back one day soon for sure!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>asty
<Content>lovely hotel We had a lovely stay at The Nusa Dua.Bali itself was not what I expected. The beaches were very crowded and we were not able to swim, because the water was quite cold with lots of sea weed. However our hotel was great. We upgraded before we went to a palace room, which I very highly recommend. It included breakfast, afternoon tea and evening cocktails. We therefore had to spend very little on extras. Our bill for 9 days was 拢120, and we were room only. Not bad for 拢18 to upgrade. The food in the hotel was lovely. The Pizza's are to die for. We also had some great meals outside of the hotel. The hotel will arrange a pick up.All in all a great time had by all!!!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very pleasant experience staying at the NDBH       Bath/shower  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>3306
<Content>Just what I expected, thanks to Trip Advisor I just came back yesterday from Bali, where I stayed at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel  Spa. I read countless reviews on Trip Advisor before deciding where to stay - Sheraton at Nusa Dua was my first choice, but it was fully booked, so after reading lots of good reviews of Nusa Dua hotel, I decided to book it. Thanks to the reviews, nothing surprised me at the hotel - good service, very comfortable rooms, good breakfast (though I didn't like the beef bacon, give me pork anytime!), nice beachfront, good value for money. The hotel is quite old, but you won't really feel it cos its very well maintained. I read some people say that Nusa Dua had a white sandy beach - its hardly white, more like light golden brown, but its pleasant enough. Its also a bit out of the way - 2-way taxi to Ubud costs 300,000 rupiah. But overall, we're very statisfied with our stay here.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>iambabbitt
<Content>Best deal in Nusa Dua After checking a ton of hotels in Nusa Dua and the other beach areas of Bali, we chose the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel  Spa because it ended up significantly less expensive than the rest. We spent three days there, and visited a number of the other hotels in the area (e.g., Sheraton, Westin), and they all look great. This one does not have a Western name attached to it, but the beach and public areas are beautiful, and although the service wasn't top-rate (especially at breakfast, service was slow and the staff's English wasn't up to what I'd expect), I have no complaints and would recommend.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very disappointing I just returned from Bali following a week at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel. What a terrible experience and disappointment. First, our room was in complete disarray. The sheets were not on right, a chair was knocked over, and the bathroom was a mess. It seemed nobody cleaned up at all before our arrival. When we called the front desk, the manager told us not to bother him since we had purchased the room as part of a package and we simply had to accept the room they gave us. We demanded a different room and he hung up on us laughing. The next morning we went for breakfast which was included in our package deal. Unfortuantely, a restaurant official came to our table and said our package only included two crackers and butter. That was it. He said even coffee would be an extra charge. I said they must be mistaken as it was supposed to be a full breakfast. He said not a chance, go back to Australia if you need more food. Oh well, I guess we should have stayed at the Melia which so many of our friends said was much better after we got back to OZ.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>funkymama888
<Content>Loved it! My husband and I went to Bali for our 1st anniversary and chose Nusa Dua Beach  Spa Resort despite it being the oldest hotel in the area. We've heard so many wonderful things about the hotel that we thought we'd try it for ourselves.It certainly didn't disappoint. The room was fab and the breakfast buffet was superb! The facilities were excellent too. I'd recommend the hotel to anyone, especially if you're looking for a nice, quiet and charming resort.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't expect luxury I visited this hotel in July having read several glittering reviews on this website. From the reviews that I read, I was honestly expecting a 5 star experience but in reality what I got was a 3 star one. We arrived late (at about 11:30pm) and having booked a Palace room, were ushered to the Palace lounge for check-in, supposedly for a quicker, more personal welcome to the hotel. It was empty and we had to wait about 20 minutes until somebody could be found to check us in. I was already disappointed. Our room was ok, the decor was a bit naff and beds not very comfortable, but the bathroom was nice and there was a veranda overlooking the duck pond which was nice. I went to bed on the first night reserving judgement until the morning, hoping for a beautiful beach and lovely hotel facilities. My first walk around the grounds in the morning brought more disappointment. The pools were extremely uninspiring (water very cloudy, not very clean) , and the beach is mediocre. There is so much seaweed and debris in the sea that you can't really swim in it. The staff at the towel desk were all laughing amongst themselves and hardly broke away to give us some towels. The Spa, which we had read is exceptional, is average at best. The changing area is in dire need of renovation, there was a store room left open to view with rotting furniture and all sorts of rubbish piled up which completely spoiled the ambiance. The treatments we had were nice, (facials), although the therapists thought it a bit of a joke that the aircon wasn't working in our particular treatment room and took great delight in telling us the flowers were plastic! We spent the first day on the beach lying on rather grotty sun beds, (again I'm not sure how clean they were) wondering if our UK travel agent would allow us to move hotels. Luckily they did and after three nights we moved to the Oberoi which was much nicer, albeit much more expensive. The Nusa Dua beach hotel is huge and not in any way luxurious. It is a budget hotel. Having said that, the Management did go out of their way to try to please us once they realised we were wanting to leave, and offered us the use of a private pool for the duration of our stay. Unfortunately our time away was too precious and we wanted to enjoy what was left of our holiday in true luxury. Please don't be misled, Bali is too far to travel to stay in a mediocre hotel, splash out on something more expensive!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Beckett
<Content>Good value for money               
<Date>Jul 30, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Mature Hotel - fantastic value We have just returned from our first family holiday on the beautiful island of Bali, where we enjoyed 9 nights in the fabulous Nusa Dua Beach Hotel  Spa. I had originally intended to book into the Grand Hyatt Bali, which is just down the beach from the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel, however, I was persuaded by Tripadvisors reviews to switch. I am so pleased for the change of mind as we had an absolutely fabulous deal for our 2 large connecting rooms at $US150 per night for both rooms.The hotel is fantastic for families and we made full use of the hotel's kids club, which is free for guests, where our 2 girls made friends very easily. As well as the private beach adjourning the hotel there were also a variety of hotel swimming pools to choose from and the kids particularly loved the beach pool, which had a small sanded approach. They quickly made friends with a brother and sister from Australia, who were of similar ages to them and we have maintained regular e-mail contact since our holiday. This was the Australian family's second stay at the hotel.There were a variety of hotel restaurants to choose from and we had several enjoyable evening meals at the Chess Restaurant next to the beach sitting at beautiful candle lit tables amongst the palm trees, listening to the sound of the ocean coming in, smelling the fantastic aromas of barbequed meats and other foods cooking, feeling the lovely cool breezes, and enjoying the excellent food served by wonderfully attentive, friendly and helpful staff. Life could not have been better.There is a paved walkway along the edge of the beach, which linked our hotel to other 5 star hotels along the beach and we enjoy a couple of excellent Japenese Teppayaki meals at the Shearton Hotel, which was only 2 minutes walk down the beach.Having read the Tripadvisor reviews about the hotel's legendary breakfast we were not disppointed. There was a fantastic and vast choice available. Breakfast was a daily event we looked forward to and we never got feed up with going, unlike some hotels we have stayed in, where the lack of choice made breakfast a monotinous affair after a few days of the same fare.What really made our holiday in Bali extra special was the couple of day trips we took with YUDANA, the driver arranged by the hotel to pick us up from the airport. Our trips took us up to the mountains and volcanic lakes, past beautiful terraced rice fields and lovely Balinese villages, to family run arts and crafts studios, markets and manificent temples. During the first trip we formed a wonderful bond with YUDANA, who was very curteous, kind, informative and fun. He paid us the ultimate compliment on the second trip when he asked if we would like to meet his family as we approached his home village. We lept at the opportunity and was shown wonderful hospitality by his wife and extended family. YUDANA's house was within a compound which also contained the houses of his uncle, 3 cousins and 125 year old grandmother. It was fantastic to see and experience how the local balinese lived. I would absolutely recommend hiring YUDANA for day trips around Bali, his mobile number is --------.Although the Nusa Dua Beach hotel was 20 years old we felt that this was preferable to some of the more modern hotels as the architecture was traditional Balinese with fantastic mature gardens and ponds. The hotel is very well maintained, although the TVs could do with replacing. My wife and I both made use of the fantastic Spa facilities on a couple of occasions, enjoying wonderful massages given by very skilled massuers. The Spa was also a adults haven as no children under 12 were allowed to spoil swims in the open air lap pool or relaxing spells in the steam and sauna rooms.A very unique feature in the evenings at the hotel was the appearence of several approved arts and craft stalls within the central courtyard. We bought several quality souveniers from these sellers.Although the hotel is away from the main tourist spots of Kuta and Seminyak we took several trips there by taxi, which were very cheap and the journey only took 20 mins each way.We would recommend the Nusa Dua Hotel for all families holidaying in Bali and we would return to stay there should we visit Bali again.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>careta
<Content>WOW!! Stayed for 11 nights in one of the Palace club rooms. The whole resort is fantastic lovely atmosphere, very friendly staff. If you want to chill out then this is the place to go... Its well worth paying the extra for the Palace club room they overlook the quiet gardens, 24 hour complementary soft drinks, breakfast and afternoon tea and 2 hours of any drinks from 6-8pm (champagne included). There is also a full array of starters every evening which were really nice. Sometimes you didnt want to go for dinner!!There are 2 fantastic pools and the beach is lovely but didnt attempt the sea as there is alot of seaweed just at the shore. Its a long trip from the UK but was made easier by the friendly staff of Singapore airlines but Bali is a wonderfull place and we wouldnt hesitate to return to the Nusa Dua Beach Resort.... Our choice was partly influenced by other reviews on Tripadvisor and if your going were Jealous!!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Angela_and_Eduard
<Content>Excellent resort End of May 05 we spent a great week in the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa in Nusa Dua. We booked a Palace club room for $169.00 incl. breakfast, service charge and taxes trough ---- Please believe us, every dollar was well spent in this hotel. The staff is incredibly kind and gentle and always smiling. The rooms are beautifully and extremely clean. The rooms have a nice view on a park with a nice pond and a Balinese temple. The SPA with a separate swimming pool and nice rooms for treatments is very intimate. The Palace club lounge with books, CD鈥檚 and DVD鈥檚 is very intimate. The service for breakfast, afternoon tea and cocktail is great. The PALACE club room facilities are super. -Daily international buffet breakfast -All day non-alcoholic beverages at Palace Lounge -Afternoon tea and 2 hours evening cocktail -Separate check-in/out at Palace Lounge -Butler service -Pressing of 4 garments upon arrival. -Complimentary 15 minutes internet access per room per day at the lounge. This hotel is really 5 * (It even merit 6 *). We recommend it without reservation! Angela  Eduard, Agno (Switzerland)  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful resort In may 2005 we stayed at the nusa dua beach hotel for 6 nights and it was absolutely beautiful. We have stayed at many other hotels in bali and this really would take some beating. On arrival you are impressed from the beginning with the lovely lobby and fountains then you are taken to your room and it is very ornate with traditional balinese decor that i always like to have in bali. Every morning we sat by this pretty lily pond,fountain and garden to have a very yummy breakfast that was always nice to look forward to. The grounds, gardens,pool area and beach are all just beautiful and i was in awe of the beautiful flowers and gardens all the time. It is by far the best value hotel in the nusa dua beach area. On a downside the meals are rather expensive so i would recommend eating at the nearby restuarants just along towards the Tejong Benoa area. We certainly will be going back to the nusa dua beach hotel.  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Girls only trip from Connecticut to Bali! My friends and I booked at trip here through Asian Affair Holidays after we all graduated from college -- We paid an extremely, astounding LOW price including airfare. I arrived expecting a nice hotel, but I was completely blown away at what was offered to us. It was just insane - I dont know if its the culture, or hotel standards or WHAT, but people are just SO nice, accomodating, polite, appropriate -- perfection. Food was delicious, reasonably priced, our accomodations were incredible. The hotel itself is breath taking, beautifully constructed, open, spacious, just so relaxing. The open air lobby was one of my favorite parts of the entire hotel. It is better than what you will imagine. I highly recommend this resort, the value itself is one of the best I have ever come across. Definitely a jewel to those who have found it. I look forward to going agian.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>astro50
<Content>Excellent, great value, loved it!       hotel overview  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dave.swiss
<Content>Great hotel ,Great staff,great managment   showReview(3370155, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LHill
<Content>The equal of any in Bali.   showReview(3291085, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bridiebee
<Content>Beautiful, good value   showReview(3284427, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Robwca
<Content>Wonderful place to stay!!!!   showReview(3222284, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic holiday and will be back   showReview(3087224, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>traveller44
<Content>It doesn't getter better than this   showReview(3079662, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fabulous   showReview(2992839, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Toe-Knee
<Content>Feel like a king in the Palace Lounge   showReview(2753138, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>frenchandparisian
<Content>Big paradise   showReview(2522155, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rita07
<Content>So there is paradise on Earth!   showReview(2315711, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BernardoMallorca
<Content>Un spa fuera de serie   showReview(22721778, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>monicarh
<Content>Buen hotel, desaparece la playa al medio d铆a       La cama  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>take1ht
<Content>銇撱倢銇炪€併儛銉紒   showReview(21425648, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pascuala
<Content>ideal para descansar y tomar el sol   showReview(21200645, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>jorgeliberty
<Content>Una estancia ideal   showReview(20848233, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>銇娿仌銈嬨仯銇?> 銇娿仌銈嬨仯銇?</a> </div>
<Content>銉偩銉笺儓鈽嗘簚鍠仐銇俱仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(20587940, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>BelgiqueFabi
<Content>m茅rite ses 茅toiles   showReview(20440899, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mpccorse
<Content>magique   showReview(20352088, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>銇傘倞銇屻仺銇?> 銇傘倞銇屻仺銇?</a> </div>
<Content>搴仺銉椼兗銉亴榄呭姏鐨?#x201d;       銇嶃倢銇勩仾搴仹銇椼倗銇?/a>  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广儜銇岃壇銇嬨仯銇熴仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(20752647, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JoanPau
<Content>Muy bien   showReview(17878749, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>jerome26
<Content>quelle d茅ception!!   showReview(17752206, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	3	2	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩儐銈ｃ儍銈偡銉с儍銉椼伄搴楀摗銇曘倱   showReview(19914236, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>arcangelCiudadReal
<Content>es una maravilla   showReview(17325067, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(17443217, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偩銉笺儓婧€鍠?#x201d;   showReview(19914178, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres relaxant, pas tres depaysant.   showReview(16606140, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Les 4 茅toiles de l'h么tel sont qq peu exag茅r茅es   showReview(16606139, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>pccsch
<Content>Bel h么tel situ茅 dans un jardin luxuriant   showReview(15987834, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱伄鍊ゆ銇с亾銇儴灞嬨仾銈夈伆澶ф簚瓒炽仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19913995, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bellissimo hotel   showReview(15564233, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉椼兗銉亴鏈€楂樸仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19913941, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel de grand confort, sans charme et mal con莽u   showReview(15564232, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ManolitaPlayadeAro
<Content>Hotel que vive de gloria pasada.   showReview(13752575, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TheBepst
<Content>Bien mais les extra sont cheres   showReview(11909521, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>cochisepremier
<Content>Tr猫s bien, mais...       Un des restaurant  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绗戦銇檼銇曘倢銇俱仚鈾?#x201d;   showReview(19913289, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉撱兗銉併亴銇嶃倢銇?#x201d;   showReview(19913261, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闆板洸姘桮OOD锛?#x201d;   showReview(19913093, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>寤虹墿銇屻仚銇︺亶   showReview(19912878, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仌銇儶銈俱兗銉堟皸鍒嗏槅   showReview(19912789, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11666172, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>julienetsteph
<Content>Tr猫s bel hotel et excellente prestation   showReview(10013925, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鑰佽垪銉涖儐銉伄榄呭姏   showReview(19912564, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇娿仚銇欍倎銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19912513, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lionel_Dominique
<Content>Tr猫s agr茅able   showReview(8442256, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>钀姐仭鐫€銇勩仧鑰佽垪銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19911778, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Samantha91
<Content>Tr猫s bel endroit   showReview(8248201, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仧鏄潪鍒╃敤銇椼仧銇勩儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19911541, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BizzFleurus
<Content>Splendide Hotel de charme   showReview(8081850, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>joligathor
<Content>Superbe mais vieillissant       La chambre  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍛姐伄娲楁刊銇с亶銇俱仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19911365, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩儶銇ц銇熷鏃?#x201d;   showReview(19911354, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇忋仱銈嶃亷銇ㄣ偍銈广儐   showReview(19911326, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Zivilyn
<Content>Sans doute le plus bel hotel de Bali   showReview(7439875, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>scylla
<Content>Explendido   showReview(7341827, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍥介殯灞曠ず鍫存í銇儗銈点儔銈ャ偄銇€佽垪銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19910990, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Bougainvillier
<Content>Serenit茅   showReview(6704122, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉粸鍦ㄥ瀷銇柟鍚戙亼銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19910913, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Carol铆n
<Content>Decepcionante !!!   showReview(5535194, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	2	1	1	

<Author>stefano.pa
<Content>IL VERO LUSSO AD UN PREZZO ACCETTABILE   showReview(5493028, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鑰佹溄鍖栥伄婵€銇椼亜銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19930227, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鑹亱銇ｃ仧銇с仚   showReview(19929378, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瑭曞垽銇┿亰銈娿伄蹇仼銇儧...   showReview(19929287, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱伄銉涖儐銉伅闈炲父銇偝...   showReview(19925184, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍑虹櫤鏃ャ亴瑕冲厜銈枫兗銈恒兂...   showReview(19924765, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仛銆佸缓鐗┿亴銉愩儶銇...   showReview(19922466, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏌愭梾琛岀ぞ銇儎銈兗銇с儧...   showReview(19922314, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆€銇勩仱銇枔銇儰銉╀竴澶?..   showReview(19917455, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

