<Author>kac2000
<Content>A calm oasis in wild and crazy SF... We were in town for a wedding and wanted to stay someplace quiet - which can be hard to do in the vicinity of Union Square. But we found this tiny (TINY) little oasis and were mostly delighted with the experience. It was blissfully quiet - amazing since we were staying there on Halloween and the night after (and Halloween in SF can be pretty wild). Sadly, our room had zero view - but it was worth it for the peace. While there is nothing grand about the place, it's elegant and charming, and the staff is first-rate. Keep in mind it has a blink-and-you-miss-it entrance; we drove around for a while looking for a GREEN awning as it said on its website, when it was actually dark red! Some relatively small issues: I had reserved a King bed well in advance, but when we arrived, we were told that due to construction, our room was no longer available, so we were put in a Queen, which turned out okay (and the cost was reduced). Also, our phone blinked continuously, even though we had no messages. No one could figure out why. Finally - and this one REALLY irked me: We paid about $36/day for the valet service (a real deal in Union Square, amazingly) and as they brought the car around after we checked out, we jumped in....only to find the front passenger seat SOAKING WET. It had rained heavily that weekend and apparently no one had bothered to ensure the windows were closed. We were also under the impression that the car would be in a covered structure! I complained (though not formally) and hoped for a partial refund of the parking fee, but none was forthcoming. It was a bad way to end what was essentially a delightful stay. Some advice: Be sure to check your windows are CLOSED TIGHT when you hand over the keys to the valet!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Always_on_holidays
<Content>Great Stay Stayed at the Inn for 5 nights in early November and had a great stay. As mentioned in previous reviews this is great hotel and I agree with all the positive comments. It isn't a large 5 star property, but great value for money.The breakfast and drinks at night are great. All staff are extremely friendly and go out the way to help you.There was some confusion when making our booking so we were promptly upgraded at no charge.I would highly recommend if you are looking for value for money (and happy not to stay in a large hotel) in a great location.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>amyart
<Content>disappointed I have been coming to this Inn off and on for the last 10 years. My most recent trip was a great disappointment as I see that the quality of the rooms are not of the same standard the first time I reserved a room.I noticed that the fixtures were worn and the carpeting was a berber type rather than plush carpeting. Everything looked somewhat dated and lower quality.The breakfast, tea and turn down are also somewhat of a lower standard compared to my first stay here. The rooms and hallways and elevators are narrow as mentioned in all the posts, however what I like most about this place is the sense of intimacy and personalization. The staff does make you feel like a guest in their home.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	3	4	4	

<Author>creining
<Content>Don't stay here if you like impersonal large cavernous hotel chains The Inn is definitely one of the smallest hotels I have stayed in within the US within recent memory. You know, that can be good or bad. If you want to be anonymous it might be bad. I was in San Francisco on business, attending a conference at the Marriott but chose to stay here based on the reviews. The Marriott was a half mile walk, by the way. And the Marriott is a Marriott is a Marriott. Switching it up can be good.Check in went fine. They did not have my hotel website reservation in their system. After asking me if I had I confirmation, I showed them the reservation I had printed out and brought along from home. Not sure where the disconnect was, but this was a Monday and there were probably less than 10 rooms occupied. I don't know what they would have done if it was the weekend (they said they were going to be completely booked).The hotel is small. The lobby is small. The hallways are small. The room is small. The bathroom is small. The elevator is small and slow. But, the room is nicely appointed, clean and had a very large and really comfortable bed. When I first saw the shower I said what?!?, you're kidding as it is tiny by most standards. But, it got the job done and the water pressure could clean an elephant. The TV, a Dell flat-screen was nice and it didn't have that whole hotel interface crap on it, it was just a TV with channels like you have at home. Turn down service with water and chocolates was great!The touches that I really appreciated and don't find often if ever at a hotel:You see the same people working there all the time. They all ask how you are, if you need anything at all, and are super polite (from the front desk to the maids). Did I mention super polite? The wonderful and bountiful breakfast spread in the morning on each floor. I could smell the coffee wafting into my room from down the hall in the mornings. The fact they give you a real newspaper in the morning and not USA Today. The wine and hors d'oeuvres in the evening. The call you get from the front desk the night before checkout asking if you need a wake-up call or taxi. The cute little fireplace in the sitting room on each floor.I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>red1hot
<Content>Only place to stay in San Francisco My fiance and I stayed at the Inn for 2 nights in November. Our room was clean and decorated very tastefully. The bed and pillows were super comfortable. The breakfast and afternoon wine/cheese was delicious and really fun. The staff held our bags when we arrived early and sent them to our room when it was ready. We had the opportunity to chat with some of the cleaning staff and they are wonderful.. most have been working for the Inn for 20 years -- I think that is probably unheard of that line of service. Totally recommend staying here and when we go back to San Fran - this is the only hotel that we will think about staying in.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BCMck
<Content>Excellent Hotel We stayed at the Inn @ Union Sq in late October 2008 as part of our honeymoon. As per alot of other reviews we found the hotel to be excellent. The whole place is small and friendly completely unlike a big chain hotel. We had an issue with our room when we first checked in and this was quickly rectified by the staff and we were able to move immediately. The location is excellent right in the heart of everything and the food was brilliant, extensive breakfast options and wine and cheese each evening. Would definitely stay there again without hesitation.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>suwasaba
<Content>Great 4 night stay I will not repeat the information in the previous review. All that was written is true. I traveled by myself for a conference at the Moscone Center. My husband joined me for the last nights stay before going to Sonoma. As a single women traveler, I felt very safe at this hotel. My room on the 4th floor was very quiet. I could not hear anyone above or next to us. I needed to hire a taxi one night. the front desk staff member actually came out to the street to get me one. Unfortunately, that night I lost my room key card, credit card and driver's license. The staff front desk man wrote down the names and phone #s of 7 top taxis without me asking. At least this made me feel as though I had some control in the situation. Sadly, I did not get my cards back. Luckily I traveled with my passport for the flight home. I would go back to this hotel anytime I am in San Fran again  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Rigi34
<Content>Ideal location, nice perks, warm staff, average room My wife and I just completed a 5 night stay here. Here are the highlights.PRO's: The location is ideal: on the corner of Post  Powell just off Union Square. The closest BART is Powell Station, about 3-4 blocks away  25 min. ride from SFO. Chinatown is 3-4 blocks away and the hotel is on several major bus lines. Shopping and great restaurants abound as Union Square is the heart of the city.We interacted with 6 different staff - all very warm, engaging, and very helpful with bus routes, local attractions, etc. We enjoyed the complimentary breakfasts (hard boiled eggs, 5-6 breads w/jams, cereals, OJ  coffee, pastries, etc).The Inn also has a complimentary wine/happy hour from 5pm - 7pm every night on two separate floors. The self serve HH is very generous and includes 4 bottles of wine (2 reds/2 whites), 3 cheeses, dozens of crackers, fresh fruit, nuts and other sweets.Small business center with complimentary internet access, telephone, and free printer for hotel guests.Rooms have LCD flat screen TV's with lots of cable  premium channels.CON's:The Inn has no lobby and the complimentary breakfasts  HH's occur at the end of a hallway on two floors, just enough room for a small table a few chairs. Meeting friends and socializing with other guests can be challenging but still worth it.The rooms are typical in size for a big city hotel, small but cozy. May be a turn off for more than two people. Our bed seemed a little old and bowed in the middle. Overall: Ideal hotel w/great staff and nice perks with a location that you can't beat for the price. Shop around and you may find a competitive rate, particularly in the off-season like we did. Will definitely stay here again. A word of caution: the Tenderloin neighborhood begins about 5 blocks West of the Inn. Like any big city, it can be a little gritty at night. The area immediately around the Inn is safe and very busy with activity.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>padarus
<Content>Highly rated I liked this place. I checked in very early at 8.00 am and they had no room. They asked me to come back in two hours and when my room was still not available, I was upgraded to a suite - which was also not ready but at least I was able to have a shower etc after a might on plane. I love the breakfast scheme - a nice buffet with a tray back to you room. Flat screen TV's etc and well appointed rooms. Excellent location and great value for money by US big city standards. Highly recommmended.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>maxlutes
<Content>The Inn At Union Square a Great Little Hotel My 6 night stay was a pleasant experience, the rooms were very clean and comfortable. The morning breakfast foods were always fresh and good as well as the complimentary wine and cheeses in the evening. The staff was very warm and friendly and willing to help if I had any questions. The public areas are quite small so they were not conducive to groups but for a single or couple it is very nice.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>franrow
<Content>Top Marks The Inn at Union Square, San Francisco.We have just returned home (Australia) following a month long trip in Canada and the US. San Francisco has been a favourite destination on previous visits and this time was no exception. Adding to our enjoyment of this stay was the choice of hotel (guided by reviews in Trip Advisor!).The Inn is in a handy location and is run very efficiently by courteous staff. While the rooms are small they are well equipped and very clean.A highlight for us was the Happy Hour held each night on Floors 3  5. Wine and snacks were provided by the hotel and it was an excellent opportunity to meet travellers from around the world.We have no hesitation in endorsing previous recommendations for this hotel and recommend it highly.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>GeoMills
<Content>We Stayed here for 2 weeks... and loved every minute!         
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>SKRColorado
<Content>Surprisingly disappointing Could have stayed at a large Union Square hotel like the Hilton or Parc 55 for less money, but chose the Inn due to very positive reviews and the appeal of a small boutique type hotel. Staff was very nice and helpful, location was great, but we didn't feel it lived up to our expectations, and we're usually not hard to please.Check in was fine, but found bed kind of soft and had a noticeable dip in the middle; woke up with a bit of a backache. We tried to use the bathroom, but the toilet wouldn't drain. Had to complain at the desk, which was a bit embarrassing, but they moved us to a different room, which was significantly larger, and that was appreciated. Next morning, the toilet in that room wouldn't drain, and had to complain once again. I know what you're all thinking :), but we didn't plug the toilets. The final plumbing problem occurred on our last day, when the sink backed up with black sludge that looked like a quart or so of activated charcoal. We obviously had not put anything down the sink that resembled in any way what came back. We informed them, but we were leaving, so it wasn't our problem anymore.The breakfast was adequate, but the rooms where it's served were so small that returning to your room with a tray was not merely an option, but was pretty much a necessity.Brass fixtures in the bathrooms were uniformly corroded, second room had tiles in the tub that had obviously fallen off and were not replaced well; evidence of mildew in the shower.The carpets in both rooms were filthy, and desperately in need of shampooing. We've certainly encountered problems in hotels before, and usually don't let them bother us too much, but the plugged toilets was a new experience, and hard to overlook. The staff really couldn't have been nicer, but that didn't really compensate for the other issues. Probably wouldn't have been as disappointed as we were had it not been for the rave reviews about this hotel that we read on Tripadvisor, which set up expectations that this facility could not satisfy.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	4	4	4	

<Author>pgwill
<Content>Remarkable value If you had a check list for a city centre hotel it would include (as essentials) a convenient location in a good part of town, comfort and a reasonably quiet room. The list might include ( as desirable) a decent breakfast and wine/snacks in the evening, all complimentary. You would expect to pay a high price for all af this.The Inn at Union Square deserves it's current number one rating on Trip Advisor because it delivers all these things at a price which is remarkable value for a major business and tourist city like San Francisco.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chimark
<Content>Great place, great location. This hotel was definitely as advertised. pros: it's right in union square: right near BART, muni, the F line, the cable cars, major shopping is right in this area.the room was neat. They had all the original windows, a nice swivel TV, a nice sized bathroom, AVEDA products, shelving and counter space in the bathroom and main room, a ceiling fan and a comfortable beddown the hallway was a wine happy hour, and free breakfast in a quaint little setting.this place doesn't have 400 or 500 rooms, it has a much smaller amount and their attention to you as a customer paying for a service is apparent.great and easy check-in/out experience with the front desk personel. cons: the room was a bit small; however you won't find a lot of huge rooms when you're staying at boutique type places, especially in a downtown area like this.no vending machines, but walgreens is a short walk away and open late  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>oski99
<Content>Great hotel in SF This was a great hotel. We stayed for a convention at Moscone Ctr - a very nice 3-4 bloc walk past the glitz and glam of Union Square. You catch the cable cars on the corner - either the Powell/Mason line or the Powell/Hyde line, and up the hill is the California line. We stayed with a 12 month baby - room was big enough for us, a crib, his stroller, a carseat, no sweat. The room backed up to a brick wall, so was easily pitch black with blackout curtains in the middle of the day - couldn't ask for better naptime. Breakfast, to include assorted pastries/bagels/croissants/cereal/yogurt/coffee/juice, every morning, and wine (chardonnay/merlot/cab sauv), cheese, grapes, dried fruit every night. Served at common areas on certain floors, was a great way to meet and talk with others on the floor. Reminded me of a small hotel in Paris in the 14th Ar. but in SF. Easily walkable to Powell BART to get to airport or elsewhere. A 7 day passport, $24, paid for itself with $5 cable car rides on nearly a daily basis. Tons of great restaurants within a 3 block radius. Would stay again in a heartbeat. Love the city, now have a great place to stay in the city.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>trouttrooper
<Content>Great Cozy Spot - Ideal location for Sightseeing My husband and I were looking for a cozy intimate hotel with a central location for sightseeing. Both of us travel extensively for business and understood that this hotel would be less extravagant than many corporate hotel selections. The Inn delivered exactly what we'd expected and more. It is in a great location for walking, it is very small and definitely a historic 鈥渋nn鈥?like atmosphere versus the cookie cutter big hotel chains. The staff was helpful and most accommodating to all our requests. There was a young lady at the front desk with less experience during the day; however, she did here best to retrieve information when her experience limited her. The breakfast and wine  cheese are relatively simple but do the trick - we weren't expecting to get a lavish spread at the hotel based on the room rate. The breakfast is definitely enough to get you started for the day and the wine  cheese was a nice break before we headed out for a late dinner. You have the choice of sitting in a small reception area on each floor our their are trays to take your breakfast to your room. The rooms are relatively small and quaint - the cleanliness was very good, a little wear and tear on the carpets but the rest of the room was impeccable. We're both regular exercise fanatics and the hotel does provide vouchers for $15 at a near by health club that is excellent. Don't expect much information for running/walking; you'll need to figure it out on your own. Great Value, Great Spot, would highly recommend for couples - a little close quarters for kids I think.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Shiloh8912
<Content>Great Location, Great Staff Cmon whats not to like? In a city filled with fleabag dumps and overpriced rooms, this is a breath of fresh air.Just a half block off Union Square this place is close to anything you need in the city.It's next door to Mortons! (Personally, when I'm in SF I don't eat at chains but hey if ya need a good steak and don't know where to go!)Rooms are quite large for an older real SF hotel; it was remodeled just a few years ago. Not much in the way of a view (it is only 6 stories high mind you) but I requested a quiet room so we were in the back. I've stayed in rooms with a view and the constant din of the city can be annoying. We stayed at the St. Francis a few years back in a corner room and the constant rumble and clang of the cable cars was romantic at first but after about 3 hours....... grrrrrThe staff here is gracious and will take care of your every need. Cookies and snacks, wine and cheese, water and chocolates in your room. The nice thing is........shhhhhh THEY ACTUALLY ENJOY WORKING THERE! Now thats a revelation these days in the sterile hotel/motel world....  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>majsis83
<Content>So wonderful hotel! What an incredible experience! My husband and I are from Sweden and we made a roadtrip by the west coast the summer of 2008. Unfortunately the weather was not too good, but this hotel made our experience absolutely great!! It must be the best hotel we've ever stayed at! First of all the location is great. It is absolutely close to everything!! close to shopping, to restaurants, etc. The location couldn't be better! When we first arrived to the hotel we met an awesome guy in the reception, so relaxed and helpful. He upgraded our deluxeroom to a suite. And he asked if this was ok, ok?!! Of course it was ok, more than ok! Every morning we met this guy (unfort. we cannot recall his name) or another guy (who's name we don't remember either). They were really friendly!! The breakfest at the hotel was great, the best breakfeast we've ever tasted. The wine tastening in the afternoons were great!! And the chocolate and water bottles that were delivered to the room in the afternoon were superb! This hotel had all these extra small things that makes a stay so wonderful! It was a fantastic experience!Today I recommended the hotel to a college, who will be travelling to SF in may next year. I told her, she will not be dissapointed!! If I go back to SF, I will definitely stay at the Inn at Union Square again! Fabolous! Thanks guys for giving us some splendid days in one of the worlds nicest towns!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>beatricepugzilla
<Content>Great Everything Stayed here from a Tuesday to a Friday based on the reviews I read here. Usually stay in a Kimpton or the W and thought I would try a different route. Sure am glad I did - everything from the staff to the rooms was top notch. Walked everywhere I needed to go including my SF office about 3/4 mile away. Although the one time I did need a cab it was easy to flag. All the extras plus the staff make this place so great. How I missed that the hotel was not air conditioned - I have no idea - but I am glad I missed it since it would have kept me from staying. Now that I have been, I did not even miss the AC - an open window is all that was needed. Migh be a little warm during the summer though. Would I say here again? Without a doubt. i have also recommended the place to one of managers who will be moving from the W to this place!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>PainterGuy_8
<Content>Perfect Location We were part of our small law firm's retreat in San Francisco (spouses included) - about 12 people in our group.Before we got there I thought it may be a little pricey, however by the time we add in the extras provided (continental breakfast on each floor's lobby and afternoon wine and cheese again on each floor), the value truly begins to show. Oh - also chocolate chip cookies late at night on each floor as well. Much more touring and shopping time for us without having to go out to buy breakfast first.The rooms are smallish however very European in feel - and very luxurious - first class furnishings.The location couldn't be better either. All the Union Square attractions are within a five minute walk, the cable car line is only a half block away and we found the pleasant walk down Market Street to the Ferry Terminal only took about a half hour. Very excellent restaurants are everywhere near this hotel - one on either side as it happens.The staff at the hotel treated us very well - I felt completely pampered and secure. They also knew what was happening in town, where it was and how to get there. We had pre-booked all our dining engagements so didn't have an opportunity to test the staff but we're pretty sure they wouldn't have had any problems keeping us happy.I admit I'm a bit of a cheapskate when it comes to vacations but my wife and I would return here in a minute (and on my dime!) - huge bang for the buck!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>PeanutButter67
<Content>Nice stay at the Inn My wife and I just returned from our first trip to San Francisco and we enjoyed our time at the Inn at Union Square. We found the Inn from our research on TripAdvisor so we knew it would be a small hotel, but our room was still a bit smaller than we expected. It worked fine as a home base for our sightseeing though.Our room was at the end of the hall where the breakfast was served, but since we were coming from the east coast we were always awake before we heard them setting up around 7:00.The gathering area on our floor was a neat way to exchange experiences with other guests. It was fun to compare notes at the end of the day over a cup of hot tea or glass of wine.The lack of air conditioning led to one of our pleasant experiences while in the room. We would open the door on occasion to get the breeze from the hall to cool the room down. One evening a staff member passed by and commented on the nice, cool breeze with the windows open and then came back with several extra bottles of water for us. Omar always seemed to be at the front desk when we passed by and was always friendly and helpful.Overall - nice, clean hotel in a great location. Friendly staff that was happy to help out. I can't really compare to the other hotels in the area (although we did walk through the Fairmont, but if you are staying there you probably aren't worried about TripAdvisor). I would definitely recommend giving the Inn at Union Square a look if you are heading to San Fran.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>runman_8
<Content>Great Location, Great Service, Great Time The Inn at Union Square made for a great base for our vacation to San Francisco. The hotel is amidst the bustle of Union Square, but inside things are fairly quiet and relaxing - a nice escape. The continental breakfast and afternoon wine and cheese reception were a real plus. The breakast is quite extensive for a continental. You can just pad down the hall in your slippers, load up a tray and take back to your room, or dine in the small sitting area on each floor. The hotel is small, with about 30 rooms over six floors. We found the staff very friendly and helpful, particularly Ken and Omar at the front desk. It's an older place, but seemed very clean and well appointed. We would definitely consider staying here again on our next vacation to San Francisco. Business travelers may also enjoy this hotel - it seems a bit more relaxed and home-like than the sterile chain hotels.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Samantha304
<Content>Absolutely LOVED it! It's not hard to miss the little awning and doors to the Inn, my hubby and I did quite a few times! But the hotel itself is just gorgeous and comfortable. The staff are very helpful and wonderful. We had a few slight problems upon our arrival with our phone and safe, but they were promptly taken care of. David, one of the front desk folks, was super nice. He helped us get tickets to a nearby show, and gave us directions to the many things we places we had asked about. He even ran into me on the streets and asked how our show was and how we were doing. We had wine and cheese provided every evening, the breakfasts were wonderful. My husband and I both do not have a single bad thing to say of the Inn at Union Square. And I might note, a perfect location, so close to Union Square and all the city sites, everything we wanted to see (Fishermans Wharf, Chinatown, etc.) was all in walking distance, and amazingly quiet. I had worried, coming from a smaller city and country setting, that the city noise would keep me up, but it wasn't a bother at all. We totally recommend this hotel :)  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>RogJulie
<Content>Hidden Treasure With a parked truck blocking the way, I missed the very small entrance the first time around the block. The lobby was surprisingly small, compared to what I expected.But -- once inside the hotel, what a treat!The exceedingly kind staff at the front desk (one person on duty at a time) went out of their way to make our stay enjoyable, beginning with a complimentary upgrade to a suite.The rooms were spotless and ample in size. A jacuzzi, shower and place for me to shave was in an adjoining bathroom. Another powder room allowed my wife to make up separately without having the steam from my shower frizzle her hair.There was a TV in the bedroom and another in the sitting room, which also had a separate toilet.Complimentary continental breakfast each morning, plus complimentary wine, cheese and crackers each evening, served in a small lobby at the end of several of the 6 floors.I had not brought my laptop, so could not make use of the Internet connection in our room, but the hotel provided a private business room on the second floor which sported a PC with Internet connection plus a printer.The maids and other staff were also very friendly -- we truly want to return to this gem -- which is only a few steps from Union Square and just around the corner from where we turned in our rental car (having travelled from another city).  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelChicksChicago
<Content>Cool nights Great location. Very convenient to China Town. Shopping is abundant and within easy walking distance. Locals will give great dining ops and some of the best in Chinba Town are not the fanciest. Rooms are a good size with comfy beds. Breakfast is a plus to start the day. Coffee is complimentary. Really did not need a car as location was good for walking and finding transportation as well as being so centrally located. I would stay here again and are planning a trip in the Fall. I was surprised how cool the nights were in June.Very chilly and I packed mostly summer type clothes. I imagine a Fall trip will require a coat. Love the area!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>DenverBookemDano
<Content>Really, Really Wonderful Experience We could have gone anywhere in the world to celebrate our 10 year wedding anniversary and a second honeymoon, but we chose to stay at the Inn. This was also our second time staying here, and we are planning on a third. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Carmen, our maid called us by name when she saw us and all of the staff went of their way to make us feel comfortable and at home. Tony, the house man brought us chocolates and bottled water each night and was very courteous. We remembered him from our previous stay two years ago, and I think that says a lot when employees stick around. The location is great with fun bars in the neighborhood. We took the Bart in from the airport and walked up from Powell St. Station, which I would reccommend to anyone in halfway decent shape (as I am). Also its within walking distance to to China Town for inexpensive lunches and overall its just a very romantic place.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>skipus
<Content>OK, but not for everyone If you like being in the center of the action in a fast paced city environment, this location is perfect! Close to shops, restaurants, and attractions, but parking and driving (as expected) is quite a hassle. Valet parking is pricey, but it's the way to go here. We were there when it was unusually warm, and didn't realize there was no air conditioning when we booked (our fault- didn't ask). The building is old, but well kept; rooms are nice with good beds and decent bathrooms. Noise levels were not bad even with the windows open; most rooms have a view of a brick wall. The complimentary wine, snacks and continental breakfast were fine but available in close quarters at the end of hallways; trays are provided to take it all back to your room. This place is still probably a decent value for this part of town.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>LVBCapeTown
<Content>Loved it! We stayed at this hotel for 6 nights and were really delighted with the experience. The rooms were lovely, good size and quiet. The breakfast was good and well presented each morning (the coffee could be improved). We enjoyed the cheese and wine each evening, what a great idea and gets the guests talking to each other. The only things I would like to see an improvement on are the cleaning of the rooms, which wasn't bad but I've seen better and the coffee which wasn't very good. But everything else, including the complimentary bottled water and the chocolates every night was great. I would definitely stay here again, it's in a great area with easy access to transport and lots of good shops. You won't be disappointed!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	4	3	5	

<Author>Syd2008
<Content>great location Can't beat the location for convenience to shopping and San Fran sights. My room was a great size with a sitting area, large LCD and comfy bed. Room was clean too and great evening turn down service with chocs and water. Friendly helpful staff. Def recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>DavidkW
<Content>Fantastic hotel! What a find.A warm welcome to an extremely well located hotel just a minutes wald from the main shopping area at union square.We stayed here twice on our holiday, once for 3 nights of sightseeing and once for 1 night on the way back from Yosemite.Both times we were upgraded. The rooms were fantasic and individual. Very quiet.The breakfast was excellent and the evening wine and cheese was a treat. Also free internet and newspapers.The staff went out of their way to be helpful and meet all of our needs.Overall a very individual hotel that you should strongly consider.NB. Expedia seems to be doing a 3 nights for price of 2 offer!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travellingProfsr
<Content>Loved the Inn The big decision - Fishermans Wharf or Union Square - We choose Union Square and happy I did. First, the location is central to everything and the Inn was fantastic. The rooms were small but elegant (all windows face a brick wall though), There is a continental breakfast each morning and a wine/cheese reception each afternoon (5:30-7:00), the staff is knowledgable, helpful and San Francisco is a great city. Try to book shuttles to/from the Airport, taxis are expensive. Be sure to book in advance and early morning trip to Alcatraz, buy a munipass for unlimited cable, trolley and bus service since there are lots of hills in town, go to fishermans wharf: see the sea lions at pier 39, eat Ghiardellis ice cream at Ghiardellis Sq, take the #71 bus to Haight-Ashbury and on to the Pacific Ocean, Check out the Golden Gate Bridge, Chinatown and on. Coming from NY, the thing that struck me as most odd was the large number of street people millling about. They really didn't present a threat, just noticable.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HappyTravels0820
<Content>More than I expected This hotel was quite a find; from the moment we walked in and found that we had been upgraded to a suite to the continental breakfast each morning , the complimentary wine and cheese every evening and cookies before bed, this was an extremely pleasant experience.The location was great, just a few steps from Union square and all of the shopping and sights. The front desk and room staff were excellant and any concerns or requests were dealt with efficiently and pleasantly. We will definitely return.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	3	5	4	5	

<Author>davecap
<Content>Great Little Inn We have stayed at the hotel two years in a row now based on my parents' recommendations. The hotel location right on Union Square cannot be beat -you have plenty of nearby shops, for when you may have forgotten something, or just want to splurge in the fancier Union Square stores like Macy's. There are also plenty of restaurants, from little independent coffee shops, sandwich stores, to beautiful restaurants, Michael Mina and Postrio. Try Scala on Powell - moderately priced Italian, but very busy. We have stayed in the two-room suites, which for their price are very reasonable. The separate sitting-room is nice as one of us could stay up if the other wanted to rest. We travelled with our toddler whom we could put to bed early in the back bedroom. The room amenities are nice, but not overly done - nice marble and tile baths, not Four Seasons, but you're not paying for the Four Seasons either. The Inn offers a nice continental breakfast, which includes cold cereals, pastries, bagels, etc, and complimentary wine in the evening, white or red, and some cheese and crackers. This was a nice touch after walking around all day, and then you could head off to whatever restaurant you wanted. We are already talking about our trip next year, which will definitely include the Inn.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Corva_Aurelia
<Content>An oasis in the busy city I thouroughly enjoyed my time spend at the Inn at Union Square. Despite being in the middle of it all -- and it *is* really in the middle of it all, it's a great location -- the hotel was never noisy, always quiet, always private. The hotel was very tastefully decorated as well as being extremely comfortable. I slept well the nights I spent here. It was very clean as well.I can't speak to the evening spreads because we were always out sightseeing, but the morning breakfasts were wonderful. Coffee, tea, oj, milk, granola, yogurt, hardboiled eggs, a variety of pastries, and more. The staff were very helpful. The interactions with them were always a pleasure.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>resomannt
<Content>The perfect hotel in San Francisco Inn at Union Square is simply excellent. All aspects well above average - staff, room, facitlies. The continental breakfast, newspaper, and the evening wine-tasting are really special touches that make a visit.The location is perfect - right on Union Square with access to the main shopping area and access to superb public transport to the rest of the city.Cannot recomend this hotel enough.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Munroe110
<Content>An Absolute Delight We were an extended family of 6 occupying 4 rooms at the Inn from Friday 25 to Monday 28 July. Everyone of us commented on how happy we were at the Inn. The location is absolutely supurb...step out the door and you are in Union Square, with the cable cars and taxi stand just around the corner, the sightseeing bus across the Square outside Macy's, and regular bus lines a block away. The real treat though was the level of care we received at the Inn. From check-in to check-out, every staff member was friendly, professional and unfailingly helpful. We really enjoyed the breakfasts and most particularly enjoyed the wine and cheese evenings, where we met some wonderful guests from throughout the USA and the world. This is not a hotel - it is much more personal than that - so do be aware that the halls are narrower than average, the elevator is on the slow side and there are a few minor maintenance issues that could be attended to, but for us this only added to the Inn's charm. Every need is catered for, from bathrobes to umbrellas! Without a doubt we will be recommending the Inn to all our friends and family and will be staying there again on our next visit.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Louisianalass
<Content>Will never stay anywhere else in SF Wow! This has to be the best deal in San Francisco. The staff, especially Kendrick at the front desk were all friendly, professional and extremely helpful. The location is perfect, no outside noise from Union Square, complimentary breakfast and wine and snacks were perfect. When we next visit San Francisco, we will not consider staying anywhere else but here.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NatureLoverSheffield
<Content>Fantastic staff, great location, lovely room I would recommend this hotel as a place to stay, it has really friendly, welcoming and knowledgable staff, is situated in a lovely part of San Fransisco and the room we had was perfect - clean, large and very comfortable - I loved the bathrobes !We arrived from the UK having been travelling for most of the day and it was great to get such a warm welcome from David at the front desk. Registration was carried out very efficiently and we were impressed with the spacious, clean and welcoming room we were given.We asked David for advice on where to eat and he gave us four recommendations, all of which we tried over the following couple of days - Max, Scampos (I think the name was) , Four Seas and Finos. The breakfast buffet was really good with a choice of cereal, croissants, bagels, pastries, yogurt, fruit etc. All of the staff were very friendly and more than willing to give us a hand with our luggage and order and hail taxi's for us The hotel is ideally situated in San Fransisco within walking distances of public transport and near some great shops. When we mentioned to one of the other staff that we were going to Macy's he gave us a 10% off voucher that proved very useful.If we ever come to San Fransisco again we would definately stay here and I have no problems recommending this hotel  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>captainlate
<Content>stay here and be happy--The INN A gem. This wonderful hotel is tucked away near Union Square and is a stylish, friendly place. You don't need a huge entrance hall to have a great hotel. Friendly, helpful staff..from the front desk to the person who sets up the wine reception on the third and fifth floors; the breakfast on the same floors (continental), which is much better than any other big name hotel offering you a continental breakfast. The rooms are clean and well apportioned. Flat screen Dell tvs, and Aveda bath products. No view on this trip...well, it was an adjacent brick building, but that is to be expected in a big city, I think. We will return...we actually tried to get a room three days later but it was already sold out! Stay here if you can! Probably not a place for kids but great for business or a romantic getaway.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RowallanRd
<Content>Look no further This is a fantastic hotel. After a first cramped, expensive night nearby we happened upon it by chance. Omar, at reception, was quick to show us a room, re-arrange some other rooms and we saved over $80 per night AND got breakfast, wine tasting with canapes, free internet (fast), newspapers AND a much bigger room for under $200 inclusive.Every morning there was a super selection to help yourself to for a continental breakfast and at night there was wine, cheese, soft drinks and fruit to enjoy while discussing your experiences of the day with other guests. The rooms were excellently appointed. There were robes, flat-screen tv and printing facilities available for those all-important flight ticket check-ins. Only 30 seconds from Union Square and the cable cars but miles away from the big, anonymous hotels that charge double. You will NOT be disappointed!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dkaplan38
<Content>Great boutique experience!! Tucked away in the heart of San Francisco's Union Square is this fantastic inn. Everything from the bathrobes to the friendly service and the wine and cheese to the great breakfast. It was well worth the stay in this charming and cozy inn.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mountains_guy
<Content>Amazing - and I got engaged What can I say that hasn't already been said. What a wonderful hotel!! The room was great. Small but it is San Francisco. Wine and cheese in the evenings, nice breakfast, and the cookies at night topped it off. We met some wonderful couples at wine time and breakfast time. That was likely the best part of the hotel/trip.Great location - less than half a block to Union Square and the Cable Car. Shopping everywhere nearby. Staff were terrific and friendly. Bed was very comfortable. Sure, we looked out at the wall next door but really, you're not there for the room view. Get out of the hotel and explore!!Head to Calzone's in Little Italy. It was fabulous. Great food, nice portion sizes, good drinks and a really awesome location. And if you are looking for a romantic dinner, head to The Cliff House. Food was terrific, service was terrific, and the wine recommendations were bang-on.Loved the hotel. We will be going back for sure. Bought a ring and proposed on a cable car looking out over the bay. I couldn't have asked for a better holiday/hotel experience.Don't stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>snickers1florida
<Content>Fantastic hotel  Couldnt ask for a nicer hotel to stay at. Besides being in a great location, the hotel itself was so much nicer than I expected.The staff catered to our every whim. There was an expanded continental breakfast, wine  cheese every night, even baked cookies at 8:30 in the evening. This small 30 room hotel has really outdid itself in personal service.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Edm.traveller
<Content>Great boutique hotel...but... We stayed for 3 nights over the July 4th weekend. The hotel has a fabulous location, great staff and service. They offered wonderful features like an evening wine  cheese hour and a great continental breakfast. We booked our room using Expedia, which makes me wonder if this had any affect on the location of our room assignment. We were located right beside the breakfast reception area. The noise from staff setting up the breakfast each morning distrubed our sleep. We were woke up at 6:45 a.m. to the sounds of clanging dishes and other usual kitchen noises. We also heard other guests enjoying their breakfast all morning long, as we tried to catch a few more moments of sleep. We did request a room change, but the hotel was fully occupied. But all this said - we would stay at this hotel again. I would just request a room towards the back of the hotel, to ensure a quieter morning.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>debc58
<Content>A treasure in the heart of San Francisco While traveling to Napa and Sonoma Valley we stayed on either end of our trip here. What a great little boutique hotel at Union Square. From the minute we arrived, the front desk was nothing but cordial and helpful. The rooms were nicely decorated, clean, quiet, and comfortable. The evening wine and cheese was fun because we had such great conversation with other guests including a couple from New Zealand. The late evening cookies and tea were a nice touch before we went to bed after dinner on the town. The morning breakfast of pastries, croissants, yogurts and various breads to toast was filling. The coffee was outstanding and kept us going for the morning. We highly recommend this little gem to all who are traveling to San Francisco.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>VarsandPete
<Content>Great stay at the Inn at Union Square       Hotel room  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>The_Horners
<Content>Perfect start to our honeymoon We had 3 weeks in California planned for our honeymoon and chose San Francisco as our first stop. We absolutely loved the city and The Inn at Union Square was the perfect location. It is small but perfectly formed with fantastic but relaxed service. We arrived late on our first night and we were recommended a wonderful place for breakfast the morning after which was fantastic. The relaxed 'help-yourself' breakfast in the hotel was also great and really well done. The location was great; near to shops, all types of transport for exploring the city, car hire facilities around the corner, restaurant, cafes, bars etc. This place is exceptional value!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LaaaasVegas
<Content>Great Location! I went to San Francisco in June on business and since I book short notice all the chain hotels were really expensive. I searched for boutique hotels and found The Inn at Union Square with a great rate less than half of the big guys. Being a little wary of unknown hotels I always rely on Trip Advisor to help me make decisions and this time was no exception. The reviews were all fantastic and for good reason. This is a really nice hotel with great staff. It's a little old but that adds to the charm especially in San Francisco. You can hear the cable car bells running down Powell Street which you are literally only steps from. I couldn't believe how close it is to Union Square. You are also only a few blocks from Nob Hill and China Town (five minute walk). Bed was comfortable, there is a business center, wine and cheese every evening and a decent continental breakfast with real pastries every morning (not the Courtyard buffet junk - if you are a frquent traveler you know what I mean). Turndown service is a nice touch too. The staff were all very friendly and David at the front desk was really helpful in helping me select a restaurant. Parking is a little step if you vallet but the Union Square garage is only a block away.They are located right next to the JW Marriot and across the street from the Westin St. Francis and I just smiled to myself that I was staying in this great little hotel, enjoying the same location and paying less than half the price of those guys.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	3	

<Author>TravelbugMississippi
<Content>Great Location, Incredible Amenities My husband and I visited San Fran for five nights in early June with my in-laws. I was appointed hotel finder. After reading countless positive reviews and finding an outstanding rate for this hotel on their website, I confidently booked two rooms.Our stay was perfect in every way, and I won't go into all the details because the amenities are described in almost every review here, but please know that we all agreed this was one of our all time favorite places to stay. Right off the trolley line and union square, breakfast and snacks included, ROBES in the room, friendly  helpful staff, and extremely comfortable rooms. I read on a few reviews about the rooms being small, but I have to disagree with this. We stayed in a regular king, and there was more than enough room. A side table with two chairs on one side, and a desk/vanity on the other side. The bathroom is a good size, not massive, but I have stayed in places with much smaller. No AC, but had a ceiling fan and opened our window. Our view was a brick wall, but we didn't mind because our room was quiet as can be.I love staying at hotels, it is always a thrill for me, and I have stayed in a lot of hotels. This place goes on the top of my list, seriously. I'm sure you could stay at a very fancy/expensive hotel and love it, but why not spend the bulk of your money on meals, shows and shopping? This place has incredible value, without short changing you on amenities or comfort.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cshenkenberg
<Content>Loved Inn at Union Square       Fisherman's Wharf with Mountain background  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TrixieGirlBoston_MA
<Content>Terrific - Inn at Union Sq. SF This is a great little inn with a fantastic wine  cheese hour and great continental breakfast. We stayed at the Westin St. Francis (right across the street) the next night and I wish we would have stayed at the Inn at Union Sq. both nights. Not only a much more charming experience, but also a better value. Great rooms and very comfortable beds.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>JorBVancovuer
<Content>A Great Inn We recently stayed here and enjoyed excellent service and a comfortable yet small room. The breakfasts and nightly wine and snack break were a nice touch. It turns out we had stayed here with some friends about 15 years ago and had not realized it was the same place. We were pleasantly surprised to find the Inn as friendly and helpful and if anything better kept as it was when we were along as guests those 15 years ago.My only suggstion would be if you are sensitive to noise ask for a room away from the outside air conditionerJ and B, Vancouver, Canada  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>TravelEcho
<Content>Wonderful introduction to quintessential San Francisco We were very impressed with the Inn at Union Square. We arrived at midnight and were greeted by a very friendly front desk clerk. We went up to our room and were initially a little disappointed with our room. The view was of a brick wall and noisy from the adjoining hotel's outside air conditioning unit. Even though it was late, the front desk clerk upgraded us to a room that was quieter. We were especially impressed with the free charming continental breakfasts, and freshly baked chocolate chip cookies in the evening. Great location. Great value. We hope to stay here again.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>katieseanmom
<Content>small hotel but big on service The moment we arrived we were made to feel welcomed by the friendly staff. The room was clean except for the carpet which had some staining. The bedding was luxurious and our suite had two flat screen tvs. In the afternoon we were treated to wine and cheese in a small sitting area right outside our room. The morning continental breakfast was wonderful and again served in the sitting room. The location was great for getting around San Francisco. We could hear the cable car bell clanging from our room. We opted for the self parking which was about a block away as the valet parking was $40 a day compared to the $25 fee for self parking. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone. It is small in size but big on service and friendliness.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>GailfromABQ
<Content>Little Extras Add Up To Big Value! Just got back from a long weekend at the Inn at Union Square. What a wonderful place! We booked a queen room, but got a small suite at the front of the hotel - the bed was a little smaller, but it had a separate sitting room with a sofa, chair and desk and a second plasma flat screen tv. But the great thing about this inn is the extras, which are offered free of charge. First, breakfast is served each morning until 10 or so on each floor on the third and fifth floors parlours. The quality is good, with fresh high quality pastries and coffee as well as cereal, boiled eggs, bagels, cheese, fruit, tea, etc. It is served on china and cloth napkins with nice breakfast trays to take back to your room and small tables to eat in the parlour. Also, there are fresh apples and cookies in each parlour all day long. At 5 or so, they set out multiple bottles of wine with really good cheese and fruit and stemware and napkins again and welcome you to a drink before you go out to dinner. There are also other cold drinks set out. All free of charge. There is wireless internet available free of charge, as well as a small business center. At night, the maid leaves bottled water and chocolate. At the end of the weekend, we had not a single incidental charge. The staff is young and enthusiastic and they are genuinely helpful. Be warned - this is an inn more than a hotel - it is narrow and the hallways are narrow as well. The elevator is small and there is no grand lobby, just a number of small parlours. But the rooms are tastefully done with good linens and the furniture and tvs are of good quality. There is no noise from room to room, and our room was right outside the parlour where folks on our floor had breakfast. There is some noise from the street - it is 500 feet off Powell and those streetcars do make noise, so if you really like it quiet, get a room in back. The rooms in front offer a nice view to compensate for the noise. In the last five years, we have stayed at the St. Francis (fancy, but not great service), the Fairmont (grand old gem, but so big), the Villa Forence (really nice boutique hotel), the Hotel Griffon (great location, unfriendly staff) and the Holiday Inn Gateway (utilitarian, no frills). This was by far my favorite. It is for those who like privacy and value. If you want a grand lobby, you will have to cross the street to the St. Francis. But they won't give you all the food and extras and they will charge you more.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mauibaby507
<Content>Good deal This is a good deal for the money. I have stayed here twice. The first time I booked the least expensive room. It was hard to even move around in it. This time I paid $25 per day more and I got a spacious room. The decor is a bit outdated but the rooms are nicely done. My only complaint about the room is the bathroom, which has no counter space at all. I had to leave my toiletries in the bedroom... but the amenities can't be beat. They have a seating area where they provide a continental breakfast in the morning with cereal, yogurt, fruit, bagels, cream cheese, muffins, coffee, etc. In the afternoon they serve wine with cheese, dried fruit, crackers and grapes. They also do an afternoon turn down service. All this and they are less than a block from Union Square!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	3	4	5	

<Author>silvrlovr
<Content>Hidden gem in the heart of San Francisco....       Lombard Street  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Wren10
<Content>Union Square Grace The Inn at Union Square is a charming small hotel. The location is terrific and the service is friendly and efficient. The rooms are quiet, fresh, and well appointed. There's ample closet and drawer space. The beds are comfortable and the bathrooms are sparkling. An added bonus is the complimentary wine and cheese offered each evening in the small sitting areas (with fireplaces) by the big windows at the end of each floor. The complimentary breakfast buffet is excellent. There is a quiet grace and elegance about this hotel. We can't imagine staying anywhere else in San Francisco.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>webwahine
<Content>Perfect Little Getaway The hotel is a small boutique hotel just a few stores down from Union Square. The location is ideal. It's a short walk to the BART and a half block from the cable car stop. The entrance and lobby are small but adequate. Most rooms do not have a 'view' of the main street but that keeps the rooms very quiet since there is no street noise. The rooms are small, cozy and well appointed. The flat panel in the room was large and new. The beds are comfortable and have multiple down pillows. Bottled water is complimentary in the room and the continental breakfast has a good selection of pastries, granola, yogurt, etc. The wine and cheese is also served on the landings of specific floors. It makes for a nice get together with other hotel guests. I've been to San Francisco many times and lived there and have to say that this is one of the best experiences I've had for a very reasonable price. The staff is very friendly, polite and helpful. They seem to really enjoy working with people. Note...Would try and request a room away from the elevators. They seem like they would be a bit quieter.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Memphisfamily
<Content>Cozy hideaway in the heart of San Fran and a super great value! Our family of 2 parents and our 13-yr old stayed at this 7-story hotel for a few nights in early March 2008. A wonderful location, just steps away from everything including Union Square, theaters, the best restaurants, the trolley, and all the fun shops and stores. The hotel is early 1900's but has been renovated from top to bottom and is very charming and very clean. We were going on a driving trip, so we got our car at the airport and self-parked it a block away from the Inn during the time we were there and used the trolley everywhere. The parking lot is cheaper than the hotel's valet service by $20- they can tell you the exact location. If you use the valet service, it's about $41 or so with in and out service, but you have to wait. The rooms are very clean, our master bed was pretty good, not great (the rollaway our child slept on was lumpy and thin unfortunately). The linens were very good quality. Bathrooms small but what you'd expect for a downtown hotel. I really liked the complimentary toiletries - a rosemary and mint fragrance that is so San Francisco! The rooms are smallish for 3 but we made do without a problem - for 2 it would be perfect. The view is non-existent - looks out on another building nearby, but here's the nice part: sheers cover the window so you don't see the building and light comes in, and because it does not face the street, the room is extremely quiet and great for a good night's sleep. We opened the window, which I like more than those sealed up skyscraper hotels, and kept the ceiling fan on. We did not use the heat because we were comfortable with a cool room. There is no A/C so not sure what it would be like in the summer. If you want a bigger room that looks out on Post street below, get a suite. They have a pull-out sofa bed with queen bed and cost a little more. In the mornings, an elaborate continental breakfast is set out in the fireplace keeping room at the end of each floor's lobby. Everything from freshly boiled eggs to sourdough toast, cheeses, bagels  cream cheese, sweet rolls, fruit, fresh juices, fresh coffee and tea and more. In the evening, a lovely assortment of cheeses, crackers and wines await you after a day of sightseeing. It's all self-serve, very private and so much better quality than one would expect. The hotel reception was very friendly, although the lobby is small. We liked that about it and felt it was quaint. During our stay we needed a few things and the young men in reception took care of it promptly. We will definitely stay there again. This place is a little jewel!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mentorohio
<Content>Great location and value! Stayed March 5-9, 2008. This hotel was in a great location on Union Square. This is a Boutique hotel, with about 5 or 6 rooms on each floor. The lobby is functional, you wouldn't hang out there.I don't think you can get a room with a view. All rooms are on the same side of the hotel and overlook HVAC systems. No problem, just keep the sheers closed and you won't see it. We were in room 605 which had a bedroom with a king bed with a living room and woodburning fireplace(didn't need or have time for it). Bathroom had a whirlpool tub and separate shower(great water pressure). Bathrom was small, but didn't matter because there was a separate dressing room with a sink and long counter top so I could dry my hair and put on makeup with PLENTY of room. After 2 days, we realized there was another small powder room off the living area. The room had a fridge, and water was left each day. Bed was comfortable and the room was fine, maybe 3 1/2 stars. We went to the Top of the Mark, and the elevator stopped on one of the floors there--the halls were no nicer than the Inn at Union SquareThere is a continental breakfast from 7-10 with great croissants, cinnamon rolls, fruit, cereal and I think yogurt, as well as juice, milk, coffee and tea. Breakfast was on floor 3 and 5. No big deal that we had to go down a floor to get it--they had trays if you wanted to bring it to your room. Wine and cheese were available on the same floors from 5:30-7 I think, as well as various sodas. All was very nice. My only complaint was that the glasses weren't very clean--lipstick smudges were still on them. Had to hunt for one that was really clean. Same for the morning juice glasses.Close to many restaurants, and not far from the Powell/Market cable car. There is a Hertz car rental across the street which was very convenient for our rental to go up to Napa.I would stay again-it was a good value.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>azairhead
<Content>A Hidden Gem! My husband and I just returned from a long week end in San Francisco to celebrate our 25th Anniversary and Valentine's Day. We spent our time at this lovely, comfortable and quaint hotel. After a long day of shopping and sightseeing it was a pleasure to lay on the bed and sink into one of the best mattress I have slept on (and the down pillows were nice also.) A bonus was the down comforter. I felt like I was in my own bed which made for a good night sleep. The staff was wonderful and gladly assisted us with any request. (Ken and Omar thank you for everything) Being a small hotel the staff gets to know you and respond to you on a personal level.Yes, the entrance is small but this is just one feature that makes it a hidden gem. It also provided me with a sense of security due to the fact that any one who walked in was immediately greeted. My only complaint is about the tv, it did not fit the room. I would have been happier to have another comfortable chair to sit in then the ugly flat screen that did not fit with the dimensions of the room.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>CutePumpkin
<Content>An Oasis of Cozy Warmth in Winter... We spent 5 nights in this cozy oasis!! It is our favorite place to stay in San Francisco. Comparing to the Nikko and Parc 55. It was hospitably and spiritually a pleasant place to stay with everything right outside the door. Those larger hotels where your name comes up on the display doesn't mean that the concierge can put a face to your name!!! We liked the smaller, friendlier, more personable luxury of this cozy inn.Everything was in walking distance: the square, financial district, chinatown, street cars, theatres, and a great little art gallery where we made some wonderful purchases to begin our collection of fine art... check out Gallery 444 next door. Rafal Olbinski, Nelli Panto and Max Pappart were our favoites pieces... wish we could own the entire collections! The fun thing about this inn was that the first night returning from our evening out, we walked right past it !! Like a magical door to Narnia or the Secret Garden... Imagine waking up in a peaceful and warm room, putting on your robe and slippers and strolling down the hallway to a delightfully pleasant continental buffet breakfast ... Reading the morning paper in front of the fireplace and sipping a cup of fresh brewed coffee while dining on a blueberry muffin w/ yogurt and fresh fruit, as the rain coming down outside pitter-patted against the window... We would come home in the afternoon, take a nap, get dressed for the evening and as we headed out, our first stop was to enjoy some wine, cheese, and chocolate and wonderful conversation with other guests in the cozy fireside room. Other evenings we brought the wine and treats back to our room while we enjoyed a movie... These are the memories I treasure from our experience at the Inn. Apparently we are not the only ones who enjoy this luxuriously cozy hotel, as we found it completely booked on the future visits we had planned :(  Overall I would have to say that we would stay here every visit if there were rooms available!!! So, risking further booked notices... I say if you can get a reservation and like a smaller hotel, then this is your Oasis!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	2	

<Author>Lippy18
<Content>Great location, good little hotel Nice little hotel, right in the centre of San Fran with some neat touches such as free continental breakfast and free evening cheese and wine. Our room even had a separate living room, a deep bath with spa, and a real fire place.Only down points were the slowness of having our bags brought to our room, and one or two minor points with the bathroom but nothing that would stop us returning here again.Would definitely recommend it.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>ey0001
<Content>Wonderful place to stay. This was one of the best small hotels I have stayed in. The location was great, just 1/2 block of union square. I liked the fact that it was small. The room I had (406) seemed to be slightly larger than the others with a queen bed and a separate sitting area with a small couch and chair. There was a desk and the tv was a large flat screen. I think i got a special rate on orbitz of $135 + tax per night. They had a nice continental breakfast with bagels, croissants, danish, apples/bananas, hard boiled egg, and cereals. They have coffee/tea all the time. The evening wine reception was cheese, chocolate, and crackers with wine or soda. They also had late-night cookies. There was free wi-fi and free newspaper. I will definately return to this hotel, it was a great deal. The staff were always nice and friendly and helpful with providing directions and how to use the public transit.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Evaluna71
<Content>A friendly gem of a place We were not expecting the sheer quality of the room decor for the bargain price we payed for this wonderfully located hotel. Okay so it didn't have a grand front entrance, but how much time do you want to spend in a hotel's front entrance?! The desk clerk was very friendly and helpful and as we had arrived late in the day on a Saturday he offered to book us a restaurant nearby, Kuleto's, which proved a very good choice.Our room looked recently refurbished, very plush and the bed was very comfortable, and the bathroom perfectly clean and fresh looking. Our room did have a view of the wall, but that meant it was quiet, and considering the hustle and bustle of Union Square a stone's throw away this was a definate bonus. We took in the view of the street by eating our breakfast at the end of the corridor in the little kitchen area one morning, when there were no free tables in the breakfast room. The breakfast was excellent considering it was described as a continental breakfast, which can often only mean a cup of coffee and a muffin. There were many different pastries, cereals, yoghurts, toast and fruit, we couldn't fault it.I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a reasonably priced yet very comfortable and friendly hotel just off Union Square. We stayed here for the first 2 nights of a California  Las Vegas touring trip and it couldn't have been a better start for us, we loved it.Jayne Kelly  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ksinks
<Content>Loved the Inn! We loved our stay at this hotel. The location is perfect - close to shopping and wonderful restaurants. There is an abundance of restaurants within walking distance of the Inn, plus the cable car is nearby. For a spectacular view of the City, try the Leatherneck Steakhouse on the 12th floor of the Marine Memorial Hotel and Club (one block from the Inn). The food, service and view are wonderful. You can go for just a drink at the bar if you don't want to dine there. If you enjoy Asian cuisine, try the EO Trading Co, within a couple of blocks of the hotel. Fun place and good food!Every evening at the Inn we enjoyed wine and cheese in the intimate gathering room just down the hall from us. It is quite charming. Continental breakfast was served there also which was very nice. Juice, coffee, tea, fresh fruit, fresh pastries, cereal, yogurt, hard boiled eggs. A very nice assortment and great start to the day. Coffee and tea are always available and sometimes cookies in the evening.We wil defintely stay at the Inn at Union Square again if our travels take us to San Francisco. The staff is very friendly, the rooms clean, comfortable and attractive. Since there are only 30 or so rooms in the hotel, it is quiet and crowd-free. It feels more like a bed and breakfast than a tradiitonal hotel. The only negative: the view from our room was a brick wall, but we spent very little time in the room anyway so it was not a problem for us. We highly recommend the Inn...a wonderful place to stay.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>johnmcga
<Content>Friendly, personal, comfy and a great location We picked the Inn at Union Square after doing heaps of research, and chose it for its location, reviews on here - plus the deal they were offering on rooms.We stayed for three nights at the end of a two-week holiday and were really impressed. The room was a standard Queen and a decent size - even by US standards! The bed was comfy, bathroom clean and spacious with a good shower and Aveda toiletries - and there was plenty of room to chill out and watch telly on the 32(ish) LCD TV. With cable.Nice decor too - I think the place was refurbished recently, and they've put some real thought into making sure everything works well together.Ok - so the view of a wall was a bit disappointing, but this was the only downside of the room. We stayed in 6 or 7 hotels all around the same price on our trip, and this was definitely the best.What made it really special was the service and attention to detail. The staff were really helpful and genuinely friendly. Breakfast was pretty good and - unlike some previous visitors - we liked the small dining room. It made the place friendly, and you could always take as much food as you liked back to your room if you wanted to eat elsewhere.Wine and cheese each evening was a lovely touch, as was the on-tap coffee, cookies and other unpredictable treats!All in all, definitely recommended. So much better than an amorphous chain, and probably cheaper as well. Oh, and it was thirty seconds from Union Square - did I mention that?  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hollyfairy
<Content>Disappointing Unfortunately, I cannot agree with most of the other reviews, this was the less desirable stay of our whole trip and although I felt I had researched well via TA we were really disappointed and some of the other nearby hotels looked a lot better.Firstly, the entrance to the hotel seemed like a shop front and we almost walked past it. The reception area was nothing like the photo on the hotel website. It was very small and no library as shown. There was no restaurant and the dining room only had four small round tables - no good in a 30 room hotel. The breakfast was acceptable although I assume this was brought in from outside as the hotel had no kitchen. At least three of the five desk staff didn't have a clue where to direct us when we enquired about eating out.When I originally booked I asked for a Queen suite no higher than 4th floor as I do not use elevators. The elevator was very tiny too. When we arrived, the computer system was down and they put us in a bedroom on the 5th floor, but when we eventually got up there (the key cards didn't work) it was just a room with a king bed - no good for 3 adults. They offered to bring up a z-bed but fortunately, I had the e-mail with me saying we had a queen suite booked, so they honoured it but we ended up on the 6th floor!We had a blocked toilet in the early hours. I reported it at 6.30am and they said someone would be up at 7am, nobody attended until 8am (after my 2nd phone call).All in all - the hotel is in a good location, but there are others nearby which look much better and I would use them instead.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>JohnWB
<Content>A jewel in the midst of the City. This hotel is a gem. Right in the middle of San Francisco convenient to everywhere. Excellent and attentive service, very comfortable rooms and particularly quiet given the proximity of the downtown. Breakfasts were very good. If a very slight quibble is warranted, the breakfast room was a bit limited in size and overwhelmed by a television. I can't really fault the hotel. It had character and charm. Very good value. It excelled in attention to detail (eg fruit and cookies coffee and tea served on the second floor, a wine reception each evening, free morning newspapers). Parking is a bit of an issue like all hotels in San Francisco and it is best to avoid using a car until you leave the city. Great for couples although it isn't really a hotel for families.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GiGi77
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel We arrived at The Inn on Union Square a couple of hours before check in - and we were happily surprised that our room was ready for us. We booked a King Suite which had 2 seperate rooms - 1 bedroom and 1 living room area. The living room area was quite small and had 2 chairs (no couch) to watch TV with - we never used this room. We found that we were so busy taking in the sights of the beautiful city that all we needed was the bedroom. The room was beautifully decorated and we must agree with all of the other reviews that the breakfast was a huge bonus (as well good). We joked about who would make breakfast for us in the mornings when we returned home. I loved the chocolate chip cookies at night - in fact when we were out for dinner I had no need to order dessert knowing that back at our gem of a hotel there was tea and cookies waiting.The staff were friendly and helpful and well it is true that we looked out a brick wall - we were also looking at beautiful plants that had planted along the ledge of the exterior wall.We would definitely return to this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jessib
<Content>Happy at the inn       Happy at the inn  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>la_bella_fortuna
<Content>Glad we picked the Inn at Union Square Yes, it's narrow and the rooms are on the tiny side (at least ours was!), but lovely and enjoyable nonetheless. Staff was friendly and helpful - I'm going to sound ancient here, but it was surprising given their ubiquitous youth in which one might expect indifference or surliness, but they were all uniformly polite and service-driven. Room decor was tasteful, the bed and chairs comfortable and upholstered/covered in nice fabrics, the TV extra nice. No A/C, but with the fan on and the window wide open it was just right. That our window faced onto a brick wall was actually a plus in leaving it open with the curtains pulled aside all night. Was pleasantly surprised that street noise did not bother us in the least for sleeping. Super-strong shower with plenty of immediate hot water. Hairdryer, iron, robes, Aveda toiletries, water and chocolates are provided. Breakfasts were just enough choice - fruit, cereal, pastries, hard-boiled eggs, juice and coffee. Was surprised how good the wine was during the afternoon wine and cheese. Overall a lovely experience!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Oregonian4th
<Content>Nice stay at Inn at Union Square We booked a Queen room, which was the least expensive available. When we arrived we happily found we had a king bed. The room was small but comfortable. There is no AC but a ceiling fan and the windows open. The view was of a brick wall, which I am sure all the rooms have because of the way it is set up, but it was quiet. We could hear the bell of the cable car and that was cool! Very San Francisco! The bathroom was small with a tiny stall shower (not for the extra large types) with occasional hot/cold blasts, but great water pressure. Great bed and linens with down comforter and pillows. Very clean and classy.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>crussell6481
<Content>Excellent Union Square Hotel The Inn at Union Square was an excellent hotel for our recent vacation. Some of the best aspects included:-Free breakfast every morning (bagels, fruit, yogurt, juice, etc.)-Excellent location near Union Square, Theater District, Chinatown, etc.-Cable car stop less than 1 minute walk on the corner of Post and Powell-Evening turn down service (with chocolate and water)-Friendly, helpful staff-Free wireless internet-Recently remodeledThe only negatives were that the rooms were a bit on the small size and that there was no microwave/refrigerator in the room but there was one in the main lobby of our floor that we could use. I would highly recommend The Inn at Union Square for anyone travelling to San Francisco.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>suznrandy
<Content>Great Weekend Away My husband  I don't get away very often so we wanted somewhere special to stay on our weekend away. We upgraded to the jr. suite and loved it. We have vowed to stay at the Inn every time we visit San Fran. The staff was WONDERFUL! They catered to our every need and even left some cookies in our room for us when they knew we would be out for a late night. Can't say enough about this truely special hotel. Can't wait to return!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Tasi
<Content>Exceptional little hotel which lived up to the good reviews As a result of reading good reviews we decided to stay at this lovely hotel for four nights at the end of a five week holiday across Asia, Europe and the USA. We were not disappointed and found this place to be top notch. Our room was spacious, clean, quiet and recently redecorated very nicely indeed. We loved the wine and cheese each evening and the breakfasts served in the little end area on various floors. A very nice touch. On top of this we were right in the heart of the City with great restaurants and theatres close by. This was a fantastic place in which to end our holiday. The staff were very friendly and could not have been more helpful.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Seascale
<Content>Well run and well located hotel - good value Smallish, well-run hotel just off Union Square. There are not many amenities and limited communal space but this isn't really an issue given the location. Our room had been recently refurbished and was well-sized - decent bed too. Very helpful staff. Warmly recommended for short breaks (business or pleasure) in the city.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>KanaGirl
<Content>We found a jewel in the heart of Frisco We decided to jet off to San Francisco with a two day advance notice to join friends who were staying in the Union Square area, so we wanted to stay close but not at a big chain hotel and found The Inn at Union Square. Boy did I choose wisely! They stayed at the Westin and The Inn was right across the street, perfect. After a day of sightseeing and shopping our group of 6 always choose to wind down at our hotel because as they said it's more fun! They have quaint sitting areas and serve wine and snacks, great for chit chat and meeting other guest. This is included in your stay.We stayed in a King suite and compared to the rooms at the Westin it was the Taj Mahal. The room was very well appointed with beautiful linen, two flat screen tvs, closet space galore and a lovely sitting room. The only thing this hotel lacks is a restaurant to make it a 5 star but the Farallon is 10 steps away. Our friends have never stayed at a smaller property in SF but after experiencing The Inn they are converted. You will also feel secure here- in order to use the elevator or stairs you have to slide your room key. As far as comfort the bed was wonderful with feather pillows and the room was pitch dark and very quiet- I slept like a baby.In the morning you only had to walk down the hallway to find coffee or tea you didn't have to go hunting for it or wait for room service, I love having coffee while I get ready for my day. The complimentary continental breakfast was fresh and had numerous choices; fruit, pastry, bagels, hard boiled eggs, cereals, juices and more.The staff from the room attendants to the front desk clerks were terrific. They always greeted you with a smile and hello. I accidentally left my keys in my room safe, they fell out of my purse and the safe was on the top shelf of the closet so since I'm of average height I didn't realize they were there. We realized we didn't have them when we were on the terminal bus back to the parking area at the airport. We called The Inn and spoke to Mark and he was more than happy to check the room safe and called us back within a few minutes and said it would be no problem sending them to us-- we got them Fed Ex priority the next day---Now thats customer service!!!!For the value, the luxury, the amenities, the location, the service this is the place to stay. It may be small but bigger is not always better.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Denizen
<Content>Good dowtown hotel This is one of the better Union Square hotels I've stayed at. My room seemed to have been recently renovated and was pleasingly large, with a separate sitting area and large LCD tv. The hotel distinguishes itself by the little touches: Aveda bath products, complimentary breakfast, bottled water and chocolates, tea and cookies, a wine hour, complimentary wifi (although during the five days I was there the network was having major problems), bathrobes and umbrellas in the rooms. I had a room at the back of the hotel that was totally quiet but didn't feel gloomy. The staff was friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>mari_yuriko
<Content>Excellent I really enjoyed staying at The Inn. I have stayed there twice  each time was very exceptional service. The staff is friendly, helpful  professional. The hotel gave me a very warming and cozy feeling. The rooms are clean  updated. There's complimentary continental breakfast in the mornings, and snacks  wine in the evenings. It's great for those who just want to sit down and relax next to the fireplace and read the paper after a full day out in the city! The Inn is very convenient to tons of shopping  restaurants, also the cable car line, definitely a great location. Overall, The Inn is one of my overall favorites and I will return the next time I visit San Fran.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>rickc316
<Content>A Great Spot in the Heart of the City The Inn at Union Square treats its guests very well. We felt like we were staying with friends, the hotel is very small and intimate. Breakfast and the afternoon wine and cheese were nice touches and served as chance to meet other guests.The room was newly renovated and comfortable. This room was larger than the room we had in a major hotel last year and was a much better value.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sqwawk
<Content>Great find in the heart of SF We wanted a small, friendly, hotel in the heart of San Francisco, and that is exactly what you get with the Inn. The hotel itself is nothing to look at from the outside...in fact it is easy to miss with its tiny reception area! However, the hotel has a quaint feel about it, the rooms are well laid out and clean and all the staff we met were very friendly. The small touches such as the continental breakfasts and evening cheese and wine in the communal area at the end of each corridor and the tea and jar of fresh cookies in the eveninig raise this above the average. Throw in the location too....just off Union Square...and you have a lovely alternative to one of the big soulless chains.A word of warning to those who like their rooms big. Although we found the room plenty big enough for our needs, and on a par with similar hotels in Britain, some may find the room a bit small. Also, do not expect views from the window...most of the rooms face onto the blank brick wall of the neigbouring building about 5 feet away! For me, these points in no way took away from the overall sense that this was a great find in the heart of SF.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>TravelKate
<Content>Romantic Inn - personalized service After reading the review here for the Inn at Union Square I booked it for 2 nights following running in the Nike Women's Marathon. I was pleasantly surprised by the Inn. It was charming and the staff was excellent. We arrived a bit early and were not able to check in early, but the staff stored our bags and offered to call when the room was ready. We did not arrive back until late that evening and we commented that we had missed the wine and cheese reception. The staff overheard and brought a bottle of wine to our room. My only complaint is that the rooms can get a bit warm if you visit at a warm time - the hotel does not have air conditioning. If you're looking for a romantic, convenient spot - with great reommendations for places to visit, eat, etc. the Inn is a great choice.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>carlacs
<Content>Great little hotel in the heart of Union Square We had a reservation at the Warwick, but it was full so they sent us to the Inn at Union Square and paid the rate difference. What a wonderful surprise!!! Location was unbeatable if you want to be in the Union Square section of town. Rooms were cozy and loved the fact that they have a living room section where the TV is located and that the bedroom is separated from the living room section by a door (perfect if one person wants to watch TV but the other wants to sleep). Breakfast were very good, cheeses and dried fruits served with the wine were excellent and there was plenty of both!. The chocolate chip cookiest that are available at night are wonderful and definetely fresh. All these is complimentary. The staff is friendly and helpful. For example, we checked in early and since our room was not ready, we left the suitcases downstairs. When we came in a couple hours later, the suitcases were in our room waiting for us! Our room in the 6th floor was very quiet. All in all a great hotel!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BMKATL
<Content>Great find in the heart of San Fran I needed a hotel in Union Square and was lucky enough to find this gem. Before booking i read a few really negative reviews on TripAdvisor... which almost made me change my reservation. I ended up staying at the hotel and was VERY please I did. Here are some key attributes:1. Location: Very good location in the city2. Price: Great price... i got a great room for around $150/night when most other nicer hotels in the Union Sq area were double that.3. Very comfortable rooms: while the room was small, it had a very comfortable bed, great lines, newly redone bathroom and Free Wi-fi throughout the hotel. 4. Character: I realize that the building is old, but that creates some of the character. I would prefer to stay in a hotel like this with some style than the standard, generic Hiltons/Marriotts in each city.4. Nice staff: very professional and courteous staffThe only small issue... Parking cost $40/day which is tough to swallow, but par for the course in San Fran. I travel a lot and have stayed in many hotels... this was as good as any (shy of the ritz or 4 seasons) and i would definitely stay at this or other Kimpton hotels again.Bryan, Atlanta  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ScotFi
<Content>Charmed by the Inn at Union Square Have just returned from the Inn at Union Square stayed 13th-16th September. A charming hotel, the staff were very polite and nothing was too much trouble. Enjoyed the wine and cheese, giving people the chance to meet other guests and chill out after a busy day, before going out to dinner. The room we were allocated was exactly like the photograph small but well presented. The hotel is in a very convenient location for getting around San Francisco and I would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>birman
<Content>Loved the Inn at Union Square We stayed at the Inn at Union Square for 3 nights(13th - 16th Sept 2006). We thoroughly enjoyed the hotel and all the service it offered including the wine and cheese in the evening prior to dinner and the hot coffee on our return in the evening. The rooms were small but beautiful no complaints whatsoever.The Alcatraz tour was brillant as was the city tour, we hired bikes from Blazing Saddles and biked across the Golden Gate Bridge into Sausolitio, that was amazing really worth doing.The food was brilliant, we had lunch at the Cheesecake Factory in Macys that was excellent, dinners: Chinatown at Brandy Hoes excellent, North Beach at the North Beach Cafe that was absolutely brilliant, and sorry to our last meal was awful, this was at the highly recommended Scala's (next to the Sir Francis Drake Hotel) I would certainly NOT recommend this establishment, food was awful, pasta so salty I could'nt eat it and my brother's steak was only fit to sole your shoes(and by the way it was not well done, but cooked just under medium).  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marlenenh
<Content>Charming, Friendly, Great Location The Inn at Union Square is a very charming hotel. The staff was so friendly...from the front desk staff to the people setting tending to the fireplace where the complimentary breakfast is served. Breakfast included yogurt, bagels, pastries, fruit, granola, hard boiled eggs, orange juice, coffee, and tea. Also included is wine and cheese in the evenings. We were never around at time so I cannot comment on that. The rooms were clean, pretty and comfortable. The location was perfect - right at Union Square and steps away from catching a trolley. The lobby is small but this was fine with us. We didnt spend alot of time in the lobby. I would definitely stay at the Inn at Union Square again!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>tipps
<Content>Friendly staff, great location After over 20 hours aircraft travel from Perth, Western Australia the Inn at Union Square was a welcomed and pleasant experience for my wife and myself. The staff were very friendly and helpful and we were pleasantly surprised with our suite which was very clean, comfortable and quiet. We were impressed with the warmth and homiliness of the hotel together with the inclusive continental breakfast, business centre with travel information and free internet access for guests and the evening happy hour.The hotel is perfectly positioned in the better part of San Francisco close to Union Square, shopping centres, restaurants and the famous Cable Cars that take you down to Fisherman's Wharf.Our three night's stay at the Inn at Union Square was most enjoyable and a great start for our USA and Canada holiday. I would have no hesitation in staying at this hotel again or recommending it to friends.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay at the Inn Like the previous post, we throughly enjoyed our stay at the Inn at Union Square but with a little more attention it could have been great. Then again, we only paid $149 which is a bargain given the location.We stayed for 10 days and booked an Internet special. Our room (5th floor) was fine and included a king-sized bed, two nightstands, arm chair and ottoman, armoir with TV, and desk and chair...all Georgian style. There are other updated rooms that have more modern features. Ours, however, were in good shape. Bathroom had tub/shower (great water pressure), toilet and sink with marble counter. It's on the small side for most American tourists, but we're used to traveling in Europe and found the size just fine...particularly for the small amount of time we spent there. A few quirks to be aware of: the hotel is extremely narrow, meaning our two windows overlooked some air exchange units to other buildings in the block. It could be quite loud, but it actually became like white noise, blocking out the various sirens and sounds of the city. We had our windows open the whole time, and the breeze was delightful. We lucked out and had sun and 65 degrees for our entire trip making for perfect sleeping weather.The location of the hotel can't be beat, and in fact, a few locals who were with us on the Supershuttle from the airport remarked such. The hotel is bordered by Farallon, an excellent seafood restaurant, and Morton's, a steakhouse. Borders is in the same block, as is a Walgreen's for those misc items you forgot. The cable car stops right in front of Borders, but you will have better luck walking the three/four blocks to the Powell station to catch them when they turn around. During the week was a minimal wait - weekends were nuts. The hotel also has great restaurants around it - Scala's Bistro, Postrio, Kuleto's are within a block or so. If you're a shopper, there are numerous high-end stores all around Union Square.The other perks of breakfast and evening treats have been mentioned in prior posts. Same was true for us: quite generous morning breakfast, though it seemed to be a slow time at the hotel, meaning we had to go down to the third floor to get it. There are small lounges at the end of each floor but depending on how full the hotel was, sometimes breakfast was served there, sometimes just on 3rd....no big deal. Each morning included coffee, freshly squeezed OJ, granola and raisin bran, various donuts or quick breads, bagels, hard boiled eggs, yogurt. You can either eat there or bring back a tray to your room. Sometimes there were folks who wanted to chat, and depending on our mood we either chatted or just got a tray. You can feel free to do either. The San Fran Chronicle was delivered to our door each day except for Sunday which you had to pay for at the front desk - just a buck, I think. Evening hors'doeuvres were three different cheeses (brie, blue, and swiss), crackers, dried fruit, chocolates, and either chardonnay or cab sauv. Although breakfast was quite generous, the evening snacks were a bit chintzy and you had to get there early to score any cheese. Again, we usually took a tray back to the room, though we did have a couple nice chats with some folks from Britain and Pittsburgh.The staff was quite pleasant, though their concierge services could be improved. We asked advice on car rental agencies and could have used a heartier endorsement, instead of the bland any are fine response. Housekeeping folks were incredibly helpful - more so than front office staff....though, again, all were pleasant and remembered you when you came back at the end of the day.All in all, this place is an incredible value, best for folks who appreciate the location and comfort and niceties. If you're expecting the Ritz-Carlton and will settle for nothing less, look somewhere else. If the things I describe appeal to you, you won't be disappointed. Enjoy.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>leclaire68
<Content>Not Quite What it Could Be Having read several positive reviews on this site, we readily booked The Inn at Union Square rather than the Westin St Francis (where we could have reserved a room at a conference rate ... exactly the same rate we paid at the Inn at Union Square). We had read some so-so reviews on the St. Francis, so we were anxious to stay across the street, at the same price, and have a better experience.When we arrived in the ultra-tiny lobby (about as wide as a cable car!) we were disappointed to learn that somehow the hotel didn't have the reservation we had made online. Luckily I had my printed-out confirmation from the web, so the desk clerk calmly ... but quietly ... worked on finding us something. I think he asked us three different times what day we were checking out. We started to get worried, but he then let us know that he was going to upgrade us to a suite instead of the standard room we had reserved. That pleased us, of course. We were given room #301.Upon entering the room, we were initially pleased. As with most San Francisco hotels, especially older properties, the room was small. But it seemed well appointed and we enjoyed having a window in the bedroom (at the back of the unit) and in the living area (at the front). The living area window faced directly onto Post and we could see Union Square, the St Francis, and could hear the cable cars. Windows opened to provide good ventilation (it was hot in the city when we were there!). We realized, though, that the room appeared nice on the surface but really is in need of some new furnshings. The couch in the living area was absolutely worthless. I sat on it once ... and about sank to the floor ... no kidding. It was a hide a bed and clearly something was wrong with it. It sagged a lot and sitting in it was comical for a few moments, then downright silly. It was also badly stained (red wine ... I'm hoping it was red wine, anyhow). Luckily there were two club chairs to sit in instead.The bed was nicely appointed, but very uncomfortable. I can generally sleep anywhere, but found this bed to be the quality of a Holiday Inn, Super 8, or EconoLodge bed. The linens were nice, but the support was extra-extra firm ... yet lumpy.The rooms seemed clean on the surface, but there were plenty of dust bunnies and fuzz in the corners. It just looked like it needed a good head-to-toe cleaning. The elevator went out on our first day at the hotel and we were told that it would be operational soon. It didn't bother us in the least as we were already using the stairs exclusively, but we did notice that the elevator stayed out the entire time we were there. During our stay we enjoyed the breakfast items (served immediately outside the door to our suite) and found the selection to be fine. Yogurt, croissants, fruit salad, hard boiled eggs, and bottled water  coffee were available. We enjoyed the evening appetizers one night (cheeses, chocolate, crackers, and grapes). I also took advantage of the complimentary overnight shoe shine service, which wasn't a great shine, but I did really enjoy having the service available.The hotel's website lead me to be believe that use of the nearby Club One fitness club was complimentary. It wasn't. The fee was $15/day. I did that one day ... and I wouldn't say it is probably worth the $15. The other day I hoofed it a bit down to the Financial District and used my YMCA membership from home and got into that club for $3. It is one of the best YMCAs I've ever seen. Huge!The location of the Inn at Union Square is fantastic. Great access to restaurants, Union Square shopping, the cable cars, and we walked all over the city from there. Would we stay there again, though? Maybe. Not definitely. We left feeling like it could really be so much more with just a bit more TLC and refinement. It isn't a bad place by any means. It just isn't what we had expected it to be.  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>TheMannClan
<Content>What a fun getaway My husband had business in SF, so I joined him after his conference for a long weekend in the city. Since we were able to ditch all three of our preschoolers, we decided to stay at a smaller, more intimate hotel right in the heart of things. The Inn at Union Square was perfect for that. We stayed in a room that featured a fireplace, small sofa and coffee table. Our view was out over some garages and into the neighboring office-type buildings. Because I love the sounds of a bustling city, we slept with our windows open. The room was small, but perfectly adequate for two travelers. The bathroom was small...just a toilet  bathtub. I noticed some peeling wallpaper, but nothing horrendous. The vanity area outside of the bathroom had very little counter space, but no big deal. I have very little counter space at home!The linens were nice and the pillows devine. Once we got the correct cable, we were able to use the internet effortlessly. We particularly enjoyed the little wine and cheese gatherings in the early evening. We met different people every night, which, for us, is the wonderful part of traveling. The location couldn't have been any better....just a half a block off of Union Square. We didn't rent a car and were able to get everywhere we wanted mostly on foot, occassionally by public transportation and once by cab. For the price, we would definitely stay at the Inn again.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant experience My friend and I stayed at The Inn at Union Square in late February 2006. Our stay was a very pleasant experience. Regarding the hotels location, you would not want to be staying anywhere else. Transport, shopping, restaurants, nightlife were only a block or two away. The rooms were quaint and adequate with old style decorating, which added to its ambience. Rooms were not overly big, but comfortable. No views out of the window, but no big deal. The afternoon wine and cheese sessions were a really good idea. It gave you an opportunity to mix with other guests if that is what you want. The staff were helpful. The boutique style of the hotel added to our overall excellent opinion of San Francisco and would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>TheTravelingLady
<Content>Great service, great location! We stayed at the Inn at Union Square for three nights and found it to be a very pleasant experience. Like most older hotels, it had some quirks but that was part of the appeal. Traveling with a teen-ager, the only complaint we had about the petite suite was that the couch and pull-out bed left a bit to be desired. However, that said, everything else was great. The carpets were recently shampooed, the room was clean, the staff was excellent and responsive to our needs. We enjoyed the breakfasts and afternoon wine/cheese. Our room was located on the same floor, and we had no problems with noise, and certainly enjoyed the convenience. We would stay there again and recommend it to our friends!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Swallowtail Sunset Gallery
<Content>faded glory Great Service, great location. Kinda grubby in the corners and along the baseboards. The finish on the bathtub was peeling off and quite a bit of mildew on the bath tiles in the tub. The bedding was worn and the pillows were terrible little tiny flat things that were goosedown about 5 years ago. Now they are just goose fragments.Good wine and cheese at happy hour for free. The internet was down for 3 days but they offered to repay us if we wanted to use dial-up. this was too much hassle for me so I just used their computer on the second floor which was very nice in a nicely decorated room.Would not stay there again, but not a bad place just not a great place either.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Labmom1
<Content>Great location, nice room We spent 2 nights at the Inn and found the best asset to be it's location! Very convient to major transit routes, right on the Powell Cabel Car lines, lots of fanstastic shopping and restaurants within steps of the hotel.We had a petit suite - which was indeed petit, but worked well for us as we were traveling with a toddler. The room was worn with stains on carpets and upholstry, but overall functional. Make sure to request a room on an upper floor and near the back of the hotel if you want a bit more peace and quiet.The breakfast, wine hour, and cookies are a great touch, yummy, and well stocked. They have them set up on the 3rd and 5th floors lobbies - so again if you want more quiet request the 4th or 6th floor.They also had a computer and health club available to guests - which was handy.For the price it was a great deal.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Victorovna
<Content>Perfect Location My husband and I stayed at the Inn on MLK weekend and were pleased. It is typical of older San Francisco (and New York) hotels in that the rooms are old fashioned, but these folks lend a lot of attention to detail. We had a top-floor suite--two rooms and a bath (great price!) and I was gratified to find ample shelving, sink surround, drawers and cupboards in the bathroom to store my many potions and lotions. The location can't be beat, of course, and aside from the somewhat hammocky bed, I would recommend this hotel to everyone. Leave your car behind, tho--the new rate for parking is $36, with a 14% tax, and with tip you'll be near $50/night for the privilege.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>FrTeacher
<Content>Disappointed My husband and I spent a few days here in the summer celebrating our anniversary. We had read great reviews of the hotel but were very disappointed with our stay. The hotel couldn't find our reservations upon arrival, despite our copy of our Internet confirmation, so we had to keep checking back with the front desk to see if we were going to be sent to a sister hotel or could stay there. (It turns out we would have been better off had we been sent to another hotel.) We were finally put in a very inadequate room looking out at a brick wall. The hotel ran out of towels and facecloths so one day we both had to share one towel and one facecloth. We were disturbed by the staff knocking on doors looking for a customer's luggage they had misplaced. The front desk gave us an early wake up call on the wrong morning, and were 45 minutes late with the wake up call the morning we had to catch an early flight. The complimentary wine and cheese was a nice touch at the end of the day, but we would never go back there despite the great location.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>M&MRochesterHills
<Content>A great place to stay in S.F. There is not much to add to the previous glowing and detailed reviews. The service is friendly yet professional. Our room was immaculate and nicely decorated. The breakfasts and evening wine tastings (including cheeses, crackers, almonds, dried fruit and chocolate) as well as the hot cider and cookies were greatly appreciated. And the location was perfect. I have mixed emotions writing this review because I'd like to keep it my little secret but I think the word is out.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>april7777
<Content>Great location and value Just stayed at the Inn at U.S. Oct 10th thru 13th. The hotel was clean, nice, and in a great location, just steps from Union Square. The continental breakfast was nice, as was the evening snacks. The room was clean, and a good size. The only thing is that the bathroom could use a little updating. the shower has great water-pressure, though...a plus! Parking is a nightmare in San Francisco, and we were charged $35 a night for parking!!! Other than that, it was a great hotel and we will stay there again in the future.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A gem of a hotel in SF This is truly a terrific little boutique hotel in a wonderful location. The staff is unbelievably attentive. The breakfast and evening goodies were delicious. One of the most memorable features was the thermos of hot apple cider that was available in the lobby every day. What a perfect way to warm up after spending the day in the chilly air in the city! I would highly recommend this hotel to everyone, including those with families. Our 7 year old really enjoyed staying in such a small hotel and particularly loved having her own room in the living room area of our suite at nite. I read about this hotel almost 20 years ago in an in flight magazine that featured smaller hotels in SF that the networks were using during the political convention that year. I now understand why the networks so highly recommended this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Flying_Rog
<Content>Highly recommended My wife and I just stayed at the Inn at Union Square for a week during a combined business trip and vacation. This place is great! Its a half block off Union Square. Shopping, restaurants, and mass transit routes are all within easy walking distance. The hotel is a beautiful boutique hotel - a narrow 6 story affair. We had a great room on the fifth floor; no view to speak of. The room was relatively spacious with a large comfortable bed. The room was nicely furnished and very clean. The bathroom was also clean. The daily room service was very good. And the amenities - there is a small kitchen area on every floor where you can get coffee or tea; on every other floor they put out a simple but filling continental breakfast of bagels and muffins, juice, jam; in the evenings they put out wine and cheese and other fine treats; and later in the evening some of the best cookies I've had. There's also a turn-down service with chocolates on your pillow. I almost forgot the fireplace in the kitchen area that they light times. You can join your fellow guests around the small table to eat or take your stuff back to your room.The staff was also very friendly and helpful, always smiling and saying hi. The front desk readily assisted with any questions. The front door is locked at night, there is always someone on duty in the tiny lobby and you need a room pass to use the elevator, so the place is very secure. We stayed here for an entire week and the place felt like a second home; we were quite sad to leave.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great find! This was a great alternative to all the other big name hotels in the Square district. It's tiny (but quaint) lobby is a bit disconcerting at first.... but our room (an exectutive King w/ fireplace) was quiet large and comfortable. I can't comment on the standard room. But for the rate we paid (129$pn) Go for the biggest room you can get. You'll be paying 250+ to stay at the Westin across the street. I was really pleased w/ the little extras. They had a very nice continental breakfast and evening wine  snacks in the common areas of each floor everyday. The fireplace was usually burning which was nice since San Fran can be a bit chilly. The location was perfect. Had no problem walking around the city, catching a cab or taking a trolly. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible service and comfort; great location Stayed at the Inn at Union Square for two nights at the end of August for business. Room was in the back of the hotel w/o much view but was very comfortable and spacious (surprisingly). Enjoyed the happy hour wine, cheese and crackers, fruit, and chocolates next to the crackling fire. The hotel is in a fantastic location just 30m from Union Square and adjacent to tons of shopping, restaurants and entertainment.Decided to save the company a few bucks and self-park for $23/night rather than the $30 or $35 it would have been for valet. It was about a block and a half away, but not bad. The service was outstanding. Maids in the hall greeted me by name. The man setting up the happy hour couldn't have been nicer and the front desk staff was consistently helpful and friendly. I'd definitely recommend this hotel to anyone in San Francisco for business OR pleasure! I'll be back!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed feelings We stayed here for our one year anniversary. Like most of the other reviews, we enjoyed the complimentary shoe shine, breakfast, wine and appetizers, etc. For the price, the location couldn't be better. What we did not like was the bed in our room (303). The comforter was faded and dingy, and the bed was made up of many layers of flat sheets that became a tangle of messy linens when you got into bed. The comforter fell off the bed on one side and the sheets fell off on another. I woke up at 4 AM to redo the bed so could not feel rested.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>morrinme
<Content>Perfect! We stayed at The Inn at Union Square just this past week (August, 2005) and we can't say enough good things about it! We stayed in room 301, which is one of the Petite Suites and includes a living room, bath and separate bedroom. My children slept on the sofa bed and were quite comfortable. The living room has a large window overlooking Post Street. Position one of the comfy chairs slightly to the side and you can see Union Square and watch the bustling street below. When we were there we could hear the live musical entertainment from the Square in the afternoons and evenings. Each morning there is a continental breakfast which I would consider to be average. It includes juices, danish, cereal, yogurt, granola, and very strong coffee! Around 5:30 every afternoon complimentary wine and hors d'oeuvres were laid out for guests (cheeses, chocolate, crackers, cranberries, and dried fruit each day that we were there). We were always starving after a day in the city and this was the perfect thing to return to. Later in the evening there are cookies, as well.I can't compliment the staff enough. They greeted us at the door and were always available to help with anything we needed, although they were never at all intrusive. The inn really IS just steps from Union Square, and is also very close to the trolley turnaround, the 1/2 price tickets kiosk, the Muni (buses) and LOTS of restaurants in just about any price range. (Our entire family ate lunch in nearby Chinatown for less than $8 one day!)Other pluses: Aveda products, complimentary umbrellas and robes in the rooms, and great water pressure in the shower! What's not to love about this wonderful inn?  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>scootar
<Content>Brilliant Hotel I stayed at the Inn for a few days in May and I thought it was brilliant. It has the perfect location, lovely rooms (I know some people think they are small, but by British standards they are big!), and it is amazingly good value. The standout factor for me were the staff: I had a problem with my credit card and they went out of their way to help me. Moreover, they were always extremely friendly and helpful. I could not recommend it enough. When you get service like this, it just highlights how bad the service is at some chain hotels.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mattell
<Content>Inn at Union Square is Excellent Our stay at the Inn at Union Square was very comfortable. The Inn is in a great location and very convenient to shopping, public transportation and sites such as Chinatown. A small lobby, but each floor has a small lobby/sitting area where they serve hors d'oeuvres in the afternoon, cookies in the evening and a very nice continental breakfast. There is a refrigerator, ice, and coffee/tea supplies, etc. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful and the room amenities were top-rate. Granted, we were lucky enough to get a courtesy upgrade, so we had a living room, bath and bedroom, but the rooms were charming. I would definitely recommend this Inn. For the price- it can't be beat.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elegant  This is a fantastic place! My husband and I regularly go to San Francisco for business and decided for a change to try the Inn at Union Square for our visit a few weeks ago. The location is very central -- literally steps away from Union Square, and less than 10 minute walk from Powell BART station. The staff were wonderfully friendly and helpful. Complimentary continental breakfast and evening wine (excellent white  red)  cheese were delicious. The room we stayed in was very clean and seemed newly renovated with lovely extras like Aveda soap and thick bathrobes. We enjoyed our stay so much that we already rebooked for a Summer 2005 trip!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Wonderful Place to Stay I discovered this boutique hotel via an internet search in 2003. I had the occasion to travel on business to the Bay area several times in 2003/2004. Overall, the place is a charming, comfortable and pleasant place to stay. It is also a value.What first drew me to the Inn at Union Square were the internet specials they were running. I was able to get a room within the Federal government allowance. Adding to the value were the complimentary continental breakfasts in the morning, and the wine/appetizers in the evening. They also put out cookies at night.The second thing that drew me to the Inn was its location. It's right in the heart of Union Square, convenient to shopping, restaurants, the financial district, and cable cars. What keeps me going back to the Inn is the continued value, the polite and responsive staff, and the guests I've met. If you haven't been to this place, it is in a narrow building with only about 5-6 rooms per floor. There are only 5 or 6 floors. On each floor, at the front of the building is a bay window seating or butler's area, overlooking Post St., where there is a table, fire place, and some counter space. This is where the breakfasts are served in the morning, and the wine in the evening. While sitting at the table with a glass of wine, I've often been joined by other guests who have engaged me in very nice conversation. So, the hotel gives you an intimate or kind of a small town feel in a large city, which I enjoy. The rooms are nice, although some are a bit tired. Some have been renovated, but every room I've stayed in has been clean and comfortable, if not charming. I highly recommend this hotel! Look on their website for internet specials. If the website doesn't indicate availability or the rate you want, call the hotel directly. Sometimes the website isn't quite up to date and a better rate can be had over the phone. Enjoy!!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IdahoTimber
<Content>A real disappointment I have stayed at the Inn numerous times, and booked again in late November. I had requested a quiet king suite two months in advance but when my husband and I arrived only a king, or a queen suite were available. We looked at both and both were very shopworn and cramped but we chose the queen suite. Upon taking our luggage into the room we clearly detected a strange noise near the head of the bed, and were advise by the staff that that was the dishwasher, which was on the other side of the wall in the kitchen but it will only run for another hour. It was 10 p.m. by that time and we were told the kitchen staff arrived at 6:15 a.m. We told the staff this wouldn't work and were advised we could get our deposit back.We booked a hotel by phone down the street and upon leaving were told by the staff that they could not insure any refund afterall. The man kept telling us how new he was at the hotel. Furious, we trudged down the street to our new, wonderful Hotel Monaco. We told the new guy we would file a charge against them with BBB and ultimately they didn't charge us. Never again will I go to the Inn.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>MelbGrrl
<Content>Extras make this hotel great value! My husband and I stayed here in September for 3 nights based on the good reviews here about The Inn. We found it to be a small hotel in a great location, with friendly, professional staff and excellent value for money.Our room was reasonably sized, older but had been refurbished at some point in the recent past. Not luxurious, but you certainly can't fault it. The bedlinen, bathrobes and towels are all of beautiful quality. The only issue we had was the weather- San Fransiscans kept telling us it was unseasonably hot, over 90 degrees on the days we were there- we stayed in a room on the top floor with no air conditioning so it was quite stuffy.The Inn's extras make this hotel excellent value for money. The breakfast was substantial and the wine reception not only a nice touch, but the quantity and quality of the canapes were also generous. Little extras in the rooms such as the Aveda toiletries and bottled water were also appreciated. We also met some interesting people over breakfast.We would definitely recommend this hotel, and would stay here again though maybe not in summer.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WOW!!! What a wonderful find - you will love it too! I stayed here with my husband in September. We were extemely pleased with the staff, the breakfast, the wine reception, and the price!!! I cannot complain one bit, and I am picky. The rooms are charming too. You will not be disapponted - right off Union Square too. Unbeatable for the money.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sherrjo
<Content>Lovely hotel top class We arrived on 17th September and were put in room 302. This was a bit noisey due to an air conditioning unit outside the window.We asked for another room and were immediately placed in an upgraded room 607.We were staying 8 nights though so perhaps it was this reason anyway breakfast and evening wine was the best part of this hotel stay. At breakfast 2 floors share the buffet style breakfast at a rather intimate table for 4. We had great morning conversations with other guests and in the evenings were great with sometimes 12 or more people congregating on the 3rd and 5th floors for the wine and nibbles. At times the wine went on too long and we forgot to eat. The staff are very concientious and courteous at all times and I have to single out our wine helper Manny who done an excellant job of keeping us supplied of an evening. Daily papers and shoe shine service make this one of the most intimate and best value hotels I've ever stayed in.Highly recommended get booking.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value for the money My wife and I stayed here in early August. This is a very good value for the money. Great location, helpful staff, quiet, and a nice breakfast are included. It is not elegant or what I would call a boutique hotel, but it is clean, comfortable, does have a certain charm, and just a great value for the money. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very satisfied We stayed at the Inn at Union Square over the fourth of July weekend and were very impressed. While the rooms were smaller than the reviews suggested, we were quite comfortable in our king-size bedroom. Our window looked out on an alleyway and brick wall (nicely painted) but this did not bother us as the street sound was subsequently muted. Above all the amenities set this boutique hotel apart: lovely breakfast (yogurt, cereal, juice, fruit, bagels, sweet rolls, coffee (Peet鈥檚!) more than adequate to our needs and expectations. Wine and cheese is served at 6 and coffee and cookies available in the evening. We had a package ($139/day) which included parking (valet) so that saved up to $30/day. The personnel couldn鈥檛 have been nicer, even to brewing decaf coffee for me one evening when I asked about it. We would definitely come back to the Inn!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Risha1
<Content>Interesting Place We stayed there for three days last month. We found this to be a well located hotel. And when we called them directly, they immediately dropped the rate down to an average of $149 per night. Plus, when we got there, they upgraded us to a suite with a very decent bathroom.Staff was friendly and helpful. We found the lack of a lobby annoying. But, our suite's sitting room helped alot. We could also sit in a sitting area on several of the floors.Although I did not see a double room, I have a feeling it would have been very tight. The suites, though small were more than adequate. Too bad you can't guarantee a free upgrade before you get there.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great for locals too   showReview(2293471, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again   showReview(2289451, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2004
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really friendly   showReview(2228404, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful small hotel, great customer service   showReview(2214171, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding Value...We would stay here again.   showReview(2174589, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A San Francisco gem   showReview(2112799, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mr. Best   showReview(1750208, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming, comfortable and very well-run   showReview(1628959, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Home away from home   showReview(1538687, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a Wonderful hotel!   showReview(1283439, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gioriv
<Content>Piccola perla in Frisco   showReview(19905135, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Balxmo
<Content>Qualit脿/Prezzo/Centrale meglio di cos矛!!!   showReview(19640840, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>frando48
<Content>Absolut empfehlenswert!   showReview(19415136, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fantastic !   showReview(19638819, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Near Union Square   showReview(19638818, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ideale per un soggiorno a san Francisco   showReview(19638817, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ideale per San Francisco   showReview(19638820, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Absolut empfehlenswert   showReview(18532419, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder!   showReview(18532418, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel tr猫s agr茅able   showReview(17427912, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage   showReview(16591513, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder!   showReview(13195363, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

