<Author>tambalyn
<Content>Great location, but I expected more personal touch I stayed at the hotel as a stop-over on my trip to Siem Reap.The Intercontinental hotel is definitely a great hotel. It is very well located, close to a mall and an MRT station (Bugis). It is also a short walk to the Esplanade area or even to the Arab district and Little India. I cannot faul the hotel for anything about its features and amenities. Big room, soft bed and pillows, big bathroom, flatscreen tv. I was a bit turned off though by the fact that they didn't provide complimentary water for their coffee-making facilities. One bottle was 12SGD! :) A small detail as it may seem (and the fact that water from the tap is safe to drink in Singapore), I think that would have been an extra most appreciated by the guests.The hotel breakfast was good, with a wide variety of choices.While I had some little problems with my booking thru Asiatravel, I got a prompt reply from the hotel when I emailed them direct and I didn't have problems with checking-in.In general, the hotel is great, the staff is good, but I had expected a little extra from the staff service. I noticed the stark difference from the very warm welcome I got from Swissotel Merchant Court on my stay coming back from Siem Reap. It seemed that I really was welcome and the interaction with the staff seemed more sincere instead of just standard procedures.Nevertheless, I still highly recommend Inter Continental Hotel and would even stay there again primarily because of its great location!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>simonSussex
<Content>Fab Hotel From the moment you arrive at the Intercontinental the service is everything and more that you would expect from a hotel of this standard. Every member of staff we encountered during our stay was a credit to the hotel,we were greeted on every occasion we saw a staff member with a smile and polite greeting.This hotel really has a wow factor, loads of marble and ornate furnishings through the entire hotel.Our room was beautifly presented and large with a very comfortable bed and a good size flat screen tv, the bathroom was very clean and spacious with a full size bath and seperate shower probably one of the best we came across on this trip.Overall we were made to feel very welcome in this hotel and would certainly stay again.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jexum
<Content>Great Family Vacation Our family of 4 (kids 12 and 9) wanted a warm getaway for the holidays from cold Japan. After researching the many hotels, we decided on the Intercontinental. I am somewhat of a germophobe, so choosing a hotel is a bit stressful for me :). The hotel was beautifully decorated and we enjoyed the charm of the archetecture. Our rooms came with 2 free adult breakfasts each day at the Olive Tree. We ate there each morning of our 10 day stay. It was lovely!The rooms were nothing fancy, but we stayed in a standard room- I believe the shophouse rooms might be an upgrade. Our bathroom was beautiful and the room was extremely clean. We are not world travelers as we take 1-2 big trips a year as a family. This hotel was very nice, but not a resort. The kids were a bit disappointed with the pool area. Although the lounging chairs were nice, the water was ice-cold. It also looked as if the pool needed an update. This was not a big deal as we didn't spend much time at the hotel- we were busy enjoying all Singapore and the outlying islands had to offer.The only real complaint I had was that the lounge area was off-limits unless you purchased a drink or meal. On Christmas Eve, my family was on our way back to the room, but decided to sit in the lounge for a few minutes before heading up, to enjoy the beautiful holiday decorations. Most of the tables were open, but even so, we were asked to leave if we were not going to purchase anything. Although this wasn't a big deal, as a paying customer, I felt like if there were open tables, we should have been allowed to sit there for 5 minutes. We would stay at this hotel again as it was beautiful, clean, and in a fabulous location.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BEEPfromPARIS
<Content>Truly a 5 star, everything you expect from INTERCONTINENTAL, but no more       nice, but this is a bar  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>wwtravelerRochester
<Content>Made our vacation An Oasis in Singapore. We arrived after midnight with a regular room reservation. The reception desk suggested we upgrade to the club floor. Because we were tired and were going to have breakfast in the hotel anyway we agreed. It turned out this was the best money we ever spent. The club floor room was beautiful with a great view of Singapore. It had a separate shower and bath, great towels and bathrobes and the most comfortable bed. The club floor lounge was gorgeous. The breakfast was very good. The added benefits of having afternoon tea and early drink time made the lounge a great benefit. One night we over indulged with the great food at the cocktail hour and decided to miss dinner. The managers of the lounge made sure they knew our names and made sure we were always welcome. So while Singapore is a great City State, the hotel made the vacation special. We look forward to coming back next year  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AsiaLou
<Content>Great location, lovely hotel. An excellent choice for families. We stayed for 2 nights at this hotel and really enjoyed our time here. We have stayed in 9 hotels in Singapore over the last 2 years (4* and above) and this was easily the nicest. Good pool too. (Great, big sun lounger beds! Which we would have used had there been sun!)The staff were helpful and friendly, the room was spacious, comfortable and tastefully decorated (great bathroom too!) The breakfast was amazing- a huge selection of fruit, cheeses, cold meats, bread, pastries and freshly prepared hot food. The location was excellent really close to shops and the MRT (although the hotel was peaceful) The weekend we were there it poured with rain but we were able to shop and travel from the hotel without getting wet because of the mall directly outside- even included a good food-court too. This was brilliant with children in tow - not too much walking!What really made this hotel for us though were the lovely public areas - and children's films available to 'rent' in the guest rooms! It is rare to find such nice lounge areas (especially attractive just now with all the Christmas decorations) which are really conducive to sitting socialising over a drink.We will definitely be back here- soon I hope!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>foreda
<Content>I love Inter Continental Hotel services The hotel location is very good. The services are almost excellent. The reception staff are sometimes a little cold but always ready to help you. Business center had good breakfast but some of the hotel guest are snob there and if you are not a business traveler it can bother you. There are some special clients which are be behaved better than you, there. Anyway the rooms are nice. Shop house and tower rooms are nice and most important there is a high quality isolation so you are in the center but you do not hear the noise. The bathroom SPA products are very nice. The business center work very well near the reception. Nice swimming pool after the hot of Singapore. The breakfast in room is poor and very expensive. The Inter Continental of Bali is better but this hotel in generally nice and there is serenity after the crowded and hot Singapore, you can relax when you make stop over. There is a mall just next or almost inside the hotel where you can find everything.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>RusNewton
<Content>Very happy with this hotel I had a few nights at this hotel during a recent business trip.The hotel is very reasonably priced. The location is very central, with Suntec City  the Millennia  Centennial Towers less than 10 minutes walk away (if you can stand the humidity).Staff were very friendly, although check-in (at 1am) was a bit slow, which is a drag when it is so late. The hotel has been around a fair while and compared with some of the ultra-modern places in Singapore, looks a bit dated in places. For example, the pool area is OK, but for a world-class hotel I would expect better than 'OK'.Rooms are nice - very large and well-equipped. As usual, I was upset at being charged for broadband (around US$15 per day). I think this is really not good for a hotel that is targetting business travellers.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	4	2	

<Author>robert270
<Content>Fantastic Inter Continental Singapore Just returned from the Singapore Inter Continental on Dec. 1, 2008.There are two types of room you can book, either a tower room or a shop house room. I prefer the tower room. I have stayed at this property 4 times already, and each time I am very satisfied with the quality or the service, staff, and the room. Everything is 5 star, clean, and well kept up. The Tower rooms have been updated in the last 2 years with new flat panel TV's, Carpet and furnishings. Try to get a corner room if possible. Nice layout.The Shop house rooms I find to be a bit noise, because they are closer to the street. I did visit the club lounge which was just re-opend 6 months ago after an extensive renovation. I just went to look at it, because I did not pay extra for access. The Club is Beautiful! It is not cheap to stay in the club, but definitely worth the splurge if you are so inclined. I Paid 220 Singapore Dollars per night ( Leisure weekend rate) which came with a lovely buffet breakfast each morning. The Breakfast is 5 star. Great food, and great professional service. You can drink all the fresh Cappucino you want included in price. Many Many dishes to chose from at the buffet table. I highly recommend this hotel. The Location is fantastic. It is in the center of Singapore, and a short ( $3.00 US Dollar) cab ride to the orchard road shopping area. Although there is plenty of good sight seeing and shopping right outside your door. The staff is extremely responsive to all guests needs. The Lobby area is beautiful white marble throughout, with high high ceilings and floor to ceiling windows. They have a piano playing at night during cocktail hour and high tea. The hotel is extremely well kept, and extremely clean. Beds are very comfortable with huge down pillows. Great Mattress, Flat Panel LCD and I Pod docking.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dman78
<Content>Terrible.....there is much better for the same price in Singapore.. We had a terrible experience at this hotel and the rooms are old and small. I would not recommend this hotel. There is better in Singapore. Advice:Book a room at the Marina Mandarin. The rooms are larger, have a balcony and closer to the city (better views too). See my review for Marina Mandarin. Downfall: Food, service, rooms.... the stay was ordinary. Food esp. was bad. Dan  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>kimonio
<Content>Perfect location, great staff       Super Comfy Bed  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>KittyChan
<Content>Fine Stay I chose the Intercontinental for a last-minute 2-day trip to Singapore in early November, and I'm very glad I did. I've stayed in some of Singapore's top hotels, including Raffles, Ritz-Carlton, and Mandarin Oriental; and I was a bit concerned that the Intercon would suffer in comparison. Happily, it did not.The only minor sour note occured when I was checking in and I asked the clerk about the 4 p.m. late checkout (subject to availability) mentioned as part of the weekend rate I'd booked. The clerk said there was nothing in the system about this, and a second staffer, who'd come to take me up to my room, reiterated the availability line (of which I was already aware) and said she'd let me know later. I politely but firmly asked her to check and let me know before heading up to my room, as my return flight was not until after midnight on my checkout day. She quickly confirmed the late checkout availability, and all went very well from that point on.Hotel: The Intercon is a 13-year-old midrise located in Bugis very near Raffles and a short walk or taxi ride to most of the city's attractions and interesting neighborhoods. All the public areas are attractive and spotless, and the hotel's decor is very smart if rather generic. The Intercon eschews the grandeur of the Ritz-Carlton and Oriental and is more reminiscent of the simple luxury of the Four Seasons.Room: I had a standard (Deluxe) room on the 6th floor, and while I thought that that might be a bit lacking, I was again pleasantly surprised. While not huge, at about 35 sq. meters, my room was just right: very comfortable, spotless, and more understated luxury -- in short, the Intercontinental mien at its best. The large bathroom was done in marble, with a big, separate tub and walk-in shower. The room had a large, triple bay window; and the view of the surrouding buildings in Bugis was quite nice. The bed was very comfortable, as one expects in Intercons. The hotel had even provided a small bowl of complimentary fruit and a bottle of Evian. The only drawback to the room was the internet service: wired (no wifi, at least from the hotel) broadband with adequate speed but an annoying feature: having to reopen the startup pay-as-you-go page with each new session, even after paying for a 24-hour block of time. Nor was this cheap: SGD 30 (about US$ 21) for the 24 hours. But the Intercon's not alone in charging high ratees for internet access. I'm hopeful that five-star chains will follow the Peninsula's lead in providing complimentary internet service in all rooms. But this was a minor quibble, and overall, I was very satisfied with my basic Intercon room. My rate of SGD 220 included breakfast and the aforementioned late checkout, and it was actually cheaper than the cheapest room-only rate at the time I booked.Staff and service: With the small exception of my initial checkin query, all of the Intercon's staff were very pleasant, friendly, and helpful. The concierge recommended an excellent seafood-speciality Chinese restaurant (Jumbo) on the waterfront for chili crab; out of this world, and I highly recommend it. The staff at Olive Tree, where I took breakfast, were equally helpful; and the food there was excellent, with a wide choice of fresh western and Asian dishes.Bottom line: I'd recommend the Intercon to anyone visiting Singapore. It's a true five-star (maybe even plus) hotel that, at least at promotional or weekend rates, is a real value compared to more famous Singapore properties that may or may not warrant their higher prices. The Intercon feels smaller than it is (I think it has close to 500 rooms), and the staff make guests feel welcome and special. Well done, Intercontinental Singapore.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	2	

<Author>Bronny14
<Content>Stunning Stayed here with Fiancee for a week around christmas time. Location - GreatStaff GreatRooms great No real complaints except try to avoid paying rack room rate. A bit pricier than necessary.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Samba52
<Content>Nice stay in Singapore Stayed one night at this wonderful hotel.As I was arriving very early morning after a long flightfrom Germany, I found my room to be ready at arrival.There was no extra charge for this service.The rooms are spaceous and the bathroomspotlessly clean.There was no noise to disturb my sleep.I found all crew very friendly and ready to helpat all times.I can really recommend this property and willdefinetely come back again when in Singapore.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>flyingroo
<Content>A fantastic stay. Only stayed for 1 night at the Intercontinental Singapore and I couldn't fault them. Upon entering the hotel you are immediately uplifted by the smell of fresh lemongrass which wafts through the air. Check in was smooth received an upgrade to a Premier Room (although it was a smoking room, they did provide an air purifier for the room). The room was large with views over the Bugis area. The king size bed was very comfortable and there were nice Elemis products in the bathroom. The hotel is connected to the Bugis Junction shopping mall, providing easy access to the Bugis MRT which is just underneath, no more than a few minutes walk to the hotel. Taxis to and from the airport cost around SGD $25.The hotel is within easy walking distance of the City Centre, Raffles City and Little India. Chinatown is only a few stops away on the MRT.Breakfast at the Olive Tree Restaurant consisted of your standard hotel buffet. All tastes, full English, continental or Asian breakfasts catered for. And service was friendly and efficient.I do however agree with the other reviews on the relatively steep pricing on items within the hotel, such 12 dollars for a bottle of water, where just around the corner there's a 24 hour store selling bottled water for far less.Overall, I had an extremely enjoyable stay at the Intercontinental Singapore and would definitely return.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dutchie42
<Content>Steeply uphill after horrible check-in I stayed in the Intercontinental Singapore for three nights in October while on a business trip. I had booked the room through my travel agent at work but was paying for it myself since it was a private extension of my business trip. The receptionist was exceptionally rude and would not believe that I had booked through my work (they have a discounted rate), she insisted that I had booked over the internet. She did not honor my request for a king bed but the room was nice and there was a good size bathtub so I wasn't totally unhappy. All in all, I got the room for a good price but it wasn't a very nice welcome at the Intercontinental. The concierge was very helpful in pointing me and my colleagues where to go and getting us cabs. The pool was small but refreshing, and even though I have to agree with previous reviewers that there wasn't a towel that didn't have loose threads hanging from it, they were very soft and large. Breakfast was included in the stay, the staff was very friendly and accomodating and there was a wide variety of food. The hotel is centrally located and is connected to a shopping center and the Bugis MRT stop.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	1	5	4	

<Author>crazyfish
<Content>Lovely hotel :o) We stayed here for 4 nights in Oct 08 and had a fabulous stay. We were upgraded to a Shophouse Suite, which had a balcony overlooking the shopping mall on Bugis, and was a delightful room. A charming hotel, with friendly and attentive staff, I couldn't fault our stay. Would definitely return here again, and would have no hesitation in recommending this superb hotel. Close to great shopping, and a very short walk from a Singapore Sling (v expensive but had to be done!) in Raffles :o)  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>penguindies
<Content>Brought me back to Colonial Singapore I have always enjoyed staying in hotels with a slight touch of history decor that represents the location. Intercontinential Singapore is by far one of the best hotels I have ever visited over the past 20 years of travelling and I had a fabulous time there. I love the colonial white theme colour used and the decor of the hotel. The rooms are simply a dream come true with bed sheets as smooth as silk and towels as soft as pure cotton. It's definitely comparable to some of the largest hotels in Vegas - close to the largest shopping centre in Singapore and all the tourist attractions. By far the best hotel in Singapore with a very reasonable price. Would definitely visit again!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>irishdancer65
<Content>friendly, efficient, recommended Stayed here in September, 2008 for 3 nights. Definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Singapore. The location was great - it is attached to a mall and underneath is the subway which was very easy to get around. We took the train to the Harbour to go across by cable car to Sentosa. The food in the hotel was excellent. The rooms are impeccablly clean, the bed was THE most comfy bed I have slept in but most of all the staff here are so friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OldVillain
<Content>Old-Style comfort and convenient for shopping.       The courtyard area.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Wintera
<Content>Great Location, Good rooms There is a bit of history for me and this hotel. Working for a consulting company, I used to stay there for 3-4 month. The hotel was new then and had great staff. People have not been looking for tips, but were friendly and helpful. I also used to live in Singapore for a year or so. I went back earlier this year and then for a weekend in August again. Living in Singapore before, I never got used to the Orchard Road location. I always liked Bugis. You can walk to Raffles Place, Chimes, Suntec City, Sim Lim Square, Bugis market, and the build in shopping center Bugis Junction with Cinema is lest touristy then other places. So I always felt good just staying there. Unfortunately, the rooms did not follow with all the upgrades. Although they are still nice. The staff is more generic or superficial in their dealings. Friendly, but following the process. The first trip this year, I talked to the new GM (From Korea) and he himself told me, he had the same feeling and this is one of his focus areas to create a better team spirit, which the client can feel.If you are looking for a great 5 star experiences, the Mandarin Oriental or The Fullerton are better for the rooms, etc. - although personally, I am not a big fan of the location. So I guess, for me going there its more the walk down memory lane ;-) Hope that helps.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>SirGoofy
<Content>Good location and nice hotel The hotel is located at the Bugis Junction which is quite handy for some local cuisines.The room is good and the club floor lounge is very nice.Overall it would have been better if there is free internet access in the room as well.The hotel is within the expectation of the price we paid.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	2	

<Author>H1981
<Content>Very Nice Hotel My husband and I had a very nice stay at the Intercontinental in Singapore. The hotel is easily accessable, very presentable, all staff are extremely friendly and helpful, the piano bar is a very pleasant place to relax in the evenings and the rooms are all very nice with extensive views of the city.The only downside to this hotel was that internet access in the computer room in the lobby was not free for guests. There are cables in the rooms but we didnt have laptops on holiday.I would reccomend this hotel and would go back again.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Bicholisto
<Content>Remember to put the door light on A self-consciously upmarket hotel in one of Singapore麓s innumerable shopping centres (Bugis) close to the metro and not too far to walk to the centre. There are lots of staff to tend to your every need (one time we counted 7 staff waiting in the lobby, just them and us): if all this tending gets too much, then remember to press the button to turn on the red light outside your room door, and you will not be disturbed. The room (on a high floor) was excellent, and a haven from the crush outside. The prepaid weekend rate on the hotel website is probably the best deal. We were kindly allowed to check-in a little early (most welcome after a long flight), and check out late for no extra charge (although we had to sign on to their Priority Club, so I guess I麓ll be receiving more junk mail for ever). They tried to sell us a deal involving breakfast and cocktails, but we preferred to explore the local restaurants.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>TechnoProf
<Content>Not up to scratch Having booked two rooms for two nights we were pleased with the efficient and personalised pre-arrival emails but on the ground there were several poor features of this stay. First the reception clerk was very cold, unwelcoming, slow and seemed more concerned at trying to sell me up to the next class of room (Club Level). Secondly, the rooms were ok but showing signs of wear (desks, room items such as trays, wardrobes) and incompletely kitted out with amenities. Thirdly the pool area was slightly scruffy and it was hard to find a pool towel that was not torn.I was most surprised. Finally, being off-season there was no pool bar but a telephone service..the problem was the phone worked once then went dead. So the negatives out of the way, the location is good and main lounge area has a sense of gravitas. The breakfasts were fine.I will not be going back. Verdict: Must do better!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>Dawn2008
<Content>Wow! Took my time deciding on where to stay and it was worth it. It is situated in a prime location by Bugis Street, Raffles is not too far away, the DHL balloon gave fab views of hotel. I travelled with my two sons aged 8 and 5 and my 17 year old daughter and was advised to stay in the premier rooms. It was an excellent size for us, spotless and the benefit of L'occitane toiletries. Believe me it isn't fun travelling with the kids but the hotel made up for all that! The pool was spotless and quiet, and the staff were fantastic. Will be visiting again when in Singapore. Breakfast was fine a variety of tastes, the kids loved it. The lounge is spacious and welcoming, singapore slings and nibbles yum. Reception were very accomodating, taking no time to arrange extra towels and toiletries and an extra bed. We had extended check out time as we were being picked up late afternoon at no extra cost.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LnandP
<Content>Delightful Great location, charm, comfort and staff.Haven't tried the restaurants as we ate out, even for breakfast, but the drinks in the tasteful lobby were really good.The IPod connection could not work properly in our room, and the spa was just OK, but our expectations were high considering the other amenities.We had a very pleasant stay, and would come back.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>SwissAirTraveler
<Content>Excellent stay       Entrance from Bugis Shopping center  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>drsuhail
<Content>A lovely place to stay! Just returned from a lovely stay at this hotel. Got a very warm welcome and was escorted to the Club lounge for a quick check in. We were upgraded to an ambassador suite rooms which was marvelous- a large living room with a dining and work area and guest toilet and a large separate bedroom with excellent bathroom. Service was exemplary in every aspect and the staff were fantastic. The lounge is newly located on the second floor and is a huge one which is tastefully decorated. The only let down is the breakfast which is very frugal in comparison to other 5 star hotels in Singapore. I tried for the paid breakfast in the Olive Tree restaurant downstairs but that too was a disappointment. Wonder why the hotel does not give importance to its issue. Went to the Mandarin Oriental for breakfast and I have never seen such a spread in my life! Otherwise the hotel and staff at IC are fantastic in every sense! The location is unbeatable too - attached to the Bugis Street shopping mall and with everything under its roof including a massive food court and supermarket!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>grayza84
<Content>5 Star Comfort Stayed for a Work conference for 3 days. Great service, and the most comfortable bed's i have ever slept on. Great location. Restraurant is a little expensive, try the coffee shop down the road for breakfast, much better value for money.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Cleveland_KIds
<Content>Relaxing       Hotel Room  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MakinanDan
<Content>A class act in a prime location Although the Intercon is now getting on to 13 years old, it continues to be one of the prime hotels in the area. With its excellent location next to Bugis Junction and its great range of services, this is one of the area's best properties. Treat yourself to the club floor and let Saliporn and Peter pamper you. Can't say enough good about this hotel, highly recommended.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SsazW
<Content>Great Hotel at a great location We stayed at the Intercontinental for 3 nights. We reached Singapore at 6 am and called the hotel from the airport  was told that they do have an available room so we were able to check in early that morning. The check in was quick  easy  the staff were very friendly  helpful.The shop house room was spacious and clean. The bed was just right. We didn't use the swimming pool or the gym  didn't eat at any of the restaurants there. There are simply too many food outlet around the hotel for authentic local food at a much lower price.The location of the hotel is excellent, it is just next to shopping centre  MRT station.Overall it was a great stay at Intercontinental  the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff just beyond my expectation.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>framboiseUk
<Content>Magic ! I asked our daughter's advice for the booking of a good hotel in Singapore. As she and her partner were working there, they took the trouble to go and visit several hotels and warmly recommended the Intercontinental. The best choice I agree!!!The hotel was lovely: elegantly decorated, conveniently situated and spotless! The staff was helpful, polite and professional. I very much liked the added 'personal' touch of beautiful flowers in the main halls.I would recommend the Intercontinental anytime... In fact the best recommendation is ... to go again - which I am doing in a few days time!Francoise  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>jenmb
<Content>Perfect stay We stayed at this hotel for 8 nights and it was absolutely brilliant. The staff are fantastic - very friendly and incredibly efficient, the rooms (shophouse) were immaculate and beautifully decorated, the hotel is in an excellent location - almost walkable distance to the quays, the pool was relaxing and quiet. Overall a thoroughly enjoyable experience.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shkazi
<Content>Afordable Luxury The hotel will fall short of expectations for those who are used to Ritz and Four Season styled luxuries of this world. For others, including us (husband, wife  our 18 month old son), this is a perfect choice. Why? Because it is affordable luxury at its best. Here is a sumary of our 4 night experience at the IC:Bookings:Got an excellent rate through Asia Best Hotel website. Reconfirmed the booking status with the hotel directly through e-mail. Since we had a child, couple of extra services were needed (especially for bottle sterlization). Hotel reply was positive. Made couple of routine requests to the hotel directly through e-mail. We were informed that at the time of check-in hotel staff will try to fullfill these requests. The hotel replied to our queries promptly, even though we did not book our room direclty with the them.Check-in  check-out:It was quite efficient. At check-in I was asked to produce the booking voucher sent to me by the Asia Best Hotel. All our requests were granted. Got a king bed at a higher floor. Even an early check-in was granted (we were there before 1 pm). Reception staff were friendly and smiling. Some of the hotel reviews mention a bad check-in experience. To avoid such an experience I have this habbit of exchanging some e-mails direclty with the hotel, even if I have used hotel鈥檚 own website. It solves lots of problems. A bad experience can ruin the holidays. Check-out was even more smooth. Lift:Yes it is an issue. Hotel check-in staff don鈥檛 drop any hint on how to us the elevators. Basically when in the lift look for a slot to insert your room key (it is located beneath the floor numbers). Take out the room key from the slot and press the floor button. This basically is a security feature to restrict the movement of Non-hotel guests .Hotel  Rooms:It is a lovely hotel. The aroma of Lemon Grass circulates in the main areas on the hotel. Rooms are impressive. Fairly large at 33 sqm. Nicely decorated. King size bed is very comfortable. Rooms are sound proof. Plasma or LCD TV is in the room. Airconditioing system is very good. Guests can increase or decrease the temperature settings to their comfort. Bathroom is luxurious with a sperate tub and a shower closet. Water pressure in the shower closet is nice.Breakfast:We had breakfast in the hotel only once. Why? Because we overslept the other days. In nutshell it was delicious and with plennty of options. Not to be missed. We did not have dinner or lunch at the hotelStaff:I think where this hotel falls short of Ritz  Four Seasons is the lack of personalized touch. But otherwise the staff was always helpful. They would sterlize the feeding bottles for our baby, however, they would not take down the complete instructions first. Twice we had to re-send the bottles back. Due to excesive shopping we needed a carton. Hotel arranged two within a few hours. Given the size our luggae, hotel also called a mini-van to take us to the airport.Taxi:At times there was a small queue at the hotel for Taxis. But the wait was tolerable. Never more than a few minutes. AT other places Taxi is an issue. We had to wait for 20 minutes at shopping malls for example. Easy way out is to call the cab. They charge a few dollars more.Location:As a tourist, I loved the location. Close to everything. There is a 24 hours small store across the hotel. Covered shoppoing mall adjacent to the hotel is very nice. The one across this mall is good as well. I would suggest to check out these two places before heading for the orchid road. For lunch try the resturant in the covered shoppng mall (I think it is call Terra). Excellent deal (Singapore $ 12). Loved the thai seafood noddles.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kaikai60
<Content>Centre of singapore Another intercontinental brand. Smack bang in the centre of Singapore. Right next to Bugis Junction mall and underground metro, this hotel boasts a vast array of fun and travelling opporutnities. A-grade service and amazing spacous rooms. Bathrooms are huge as well. Very close to the airport and traffic wise, you seem to be against the flow of traffic always. I have probably stayed here 4 times already. Even though Orchard road boasts numerous other well known establishments, I still keep coming back to this hotel.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravellersHobart
<Content>What a wonderful place We spent 2 nights here on our return from Indonesia and were very impressed. We had booked a standard room but my daughter had emailed the hotel telling them about an illness I have, the operations and treatment I have recently have had and which will start again very soon so they had upgraded us to a club room, gave us a fruit basket and flowers. It is lovely to have someone give something to you when things are pretty low in your life.The room was lovely and the club lounge was a little oasis away from the noise and heat of Singapore. We had breakfast there each morning and cocktails each evening. The service was superb whenever we were there, attention to detail was amazing. The one little quirk was that I was asked to wear closed in shoes rather than (what I thought were) my classy sandals. These shoes were not strappy and very dressy. Whilst I was being asked to wear closed in shoes men we allowed in dagged jogging/tennis shoes - strange.The location of the hotel was great - 2 minute undercover walk to MRT and the Bugis Street shopping. Big department store next door, movie theatres and 3 stories of food court close by.Other reviewers have said that the rooms were a bit dated but I disagree - our room was in excellent condition, bathroom was luxurious and all the public areas were great.Overall a fabulous hotel.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hong_Kong_Star
<Content>excellent experience, great location, great confort We booked a King Premier room for our 4 night stay in Singapore over the long week end of May 1st. First of all, the location of the hotel is fantastic. It is very central but very quiet too.The room was really GREAT, big and very confy. We were with our 2 kids and we enjoyed the 52m2. The bed was huge and so confortable.The service was very good.The breakfast is okay, a bit expensive for what you can get though.There is some renovation works in the hotel but it really didn't affect us at all.The pool area is quite small but there weren't so many people so it was perfect for us.We would definitively go back there if we're in Singapore.It's an excellent choice for a family too.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>meesterbond
<Content>Good hotel and location, would stay again       Shophouse room  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	3	5	

<Author>Embino
<Content>Unfortunate disregard for their own environmental policy As you would expect from an Intercontinental, the hotel is immaculate, well located and the staff are extremely helpful. I find no fault with anything in that regard - however in direct contravention of at least 2 of its own green policies, the hotel serves Shark Fin Soup in one of its restaurants. I left a letter for the manager expressing my distress at this, and have heard nothing back - I would expect better from them. I won't stay here again unless this item is removed from the menu.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rambler_Timca
<Content>Would recomend for everyone I red reviews about the hotel before I made reseravation and was little bit confused with some comments about arrogant staff. It was my only concern. In fact I was absoluttely pleased with hotel itself and hotel staff. I stayed in Club room and did not regret it. I had a lot of personal attention and it was not annoing at all. Breackfast was really good. I did not use the hotel restorante every day as in Bugis ares you will find a lot of options to have a meal.Room was clean, business center was exellent.I would recomend every buciness traveler to use the hotel.I really like the area - Bugis. You can not beat it!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frank1937
<Content>Excellent hotel We stayed six nights at the Intercontinental from March 14 to March 20, 2008. It was our first trip to Singapore on a package deal to Singapore and Hong Kong.The hotel is lovely - truly a first class experience. The staff was bright, experienced and helpful. Our room was large and comfortable with luxurious towels, linen and dressing gowns. The breakfast buffet was a delight with a choice of freshly cooked eggs, sausages and bacon, fresh fruit and juices and much more.The staff arranged our visit to the zoo - a must see in Singapore - are were very helpful in suggesting things to see and do. We highly recommend the Intercontinental and it will be our choice on our next trip to Singapore.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Slippery1952
<Content>Excellent Service at the InterContinental My wife and I visited Singapore in February 2008 and we stayed at the InterContinental Hotel, 80 Middle Road.I booked the hotel for three nights via the IC Hotel鈥檚 website back in April 2007, with a room rate of approximately SGD 303.00 per night and including breakfast for up to two adults. Anyone who has travelled frequently will know that breakfast in a five star hotel can cost between 拢15 and 拢20 per person, so to have this included in the room charge seemed more than good value. Booking through the hotel鈥檚 website meant that I had a confirmed reservation at an excellent price and I didn鈥檛 have to pay for the room until I had completed my stay. After our stay I checked my credit card statement whilst continuing our travels and I was more than pleased to find that the total cost for my stay at the InterContinental was 拢332.24, equating to slightly over 拢110 per night for a wonderful room and a sumptuous breakfast.The hotel is ideally located and not too far from Raffles Hotel as well as a subway station. We each purchased a 鈥?-Day Singapore Tourist Pass鈥?that allows three days鈥?free use on the metro system and is excellent value for money and allows visitors to take advantage of the excellent rail links and low-cost travel around Singapore.I have visited Singapore twice before and on both occasions have stayed at the Pan Pacific Hotel and the only reason I didn鈥檛 choose it this time around was because it was more costly than the InterContinental. However, we decided to visit it whilst we were there to see if it had changed - and unfortunately for my taste it had! The interior and layout had been changed to an ultra-modern style with extremely bright colours, which probably impresses guests staying there for the first time - but it is not to my taste. Therefore I鈥檓 extremely pleased I chose the InterContinental and would most certainly recommend it to any first-time traveller to Singapore, I would also recommend it to any traveller returning to Singapore who has been disappointed with their accommodation on previous visits.I can not praise the hotel personnel highly enough as they are always friendly, professional and courteous in all their actions. At breakfast all of the staff in the restaurant was extremely attentive to the guest鈥檚 requirements. You only needed to get up from your table for a short while to get something from the excellent buffet selection, and you would find that any dirty plates and cutlery would be removed and clean cutlery placed on the table, in addition to finding your napkin neatly folded again. One didn鈥檛 need to look around for staff when a tea or coffee refill was required as someone was always at hand to offer a refill.The hotel rooms are well appointed and as I have already indicated the breakfast is a joy to feast on and there is a wide variety of food to cater for Europeans and Asians. I never took advantage of the swimming pool, however, I did walk around all the facilities with my wife and everything looked in pristine condition.I hope I have another opportunity to visit Singapore and the InterContinental Hotel will by first choice of hotel.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Kmalia
<Content>Nice hotel, good location, staff could be friendlier I stayed three nights with three girlfriends in December. We had two connecting Deluxe rooms with two full-sized beds in each room. The rooms were very nice - overlooking the Bugis Junction shopping mall. They were sunny, clean and decorated in a very classy colonial style, with good-sized bathrooms, closet, chest of drawers and desk. The only issue I had was that in order to plug in my curling iron, i had to pull the chest of drawers away from the wall to find a free plug.The location is wonderful. Just a few minutes walk from Bugis MRT station, and with lots of food and the Bugis Junction Mall nearby. It was never hard to catch taxis from the hotel.The Lounge was great. We had wonderful lychee martinis while listening to live jazz nightly, and nice coffee with nice cookies the next morning! They had a HUGE christmas tree in the Lounge area as it was Christmas holiday season. Floral decorations throughout the hotel were gorgeous.The staff was not the friendliest. Also, the pool area was a bit small - with an entire office building looking down on you as you sunbathe. But otherwise, it is a good and comfortable hotel in a great location.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	2	4	

<Author>Multi-Plug
<Content>Good business hotel Stayed here briefly during business trip.Fantastic room, large, well lit, huge bed, amazing bathroom and lots of facilities. All totally spotless.Staff were professional rather than friendly and welcoming.Check in/out was quick and efficient without any hanging around.Good location.Definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>funinNormandy
<Content>no flip flops please Well if you are a business traveller and if you like to be in a very uptight, overpriced, overgroomed and really- nothing -special type of places along with the attitude of the staff that THINKS they are special, than this is the place for youAgain, for a business hotel, this is an appropriate venue. Howevef if you are looking for charm, elegance, nice staff and attention to detail avoid this hotel! and flipflops? Heaven forbid! I had just had a pedicure and attempted to come into the snob lobby for a coffee at 2pm and was told I could not stay there as I had sandals on...I wonder what they do with the indiens who are often in sarong and sandals at this fine establishment!-I booked this as a last stop to a very long and harmonious voyage thoughout Thailand where the people are nice, and the hotels I chose were well appointed with very accomodating and professional staff. I stayed in a five star hotel and no one mentioned my inappropriate dress' so maybe that was why this was so much of a shock when I hit Singapore and this particular hotel.and for fine tuning:if you are lucky enough to be in the club lounge, no problem with internet however if you are just a Priority Club member as I am (geez what does t h a t mean)?? I had the honour of paying 6 singapore dollars plus taxes for each FIFTEEN MINUTES of internet use in the hotel...again coming from Thailand in a five star where this was free I thought this was a little pricey!Finally, as a Priority Club member, I was honoured with a very nice pamphlet on the desk in my room showing all kinds of local exotic fruit....and I had two very hard non ripe PEARS offered as my welcome gift! So much for lichis, mangos and the like. This little detail I found very silly and just plain stupid for a five star hotelThe worst was when I checked out and the front office staff did not even ask how my stay was, but when I kindly mentioned he just smirked. When I said this was peculiar for a four star hotel he said 'oh no we are five star' to which I responded that made it even worse!Drinks or service at poolside? Five star service, call on the phone and waitIn room robes? Yes they are there if you dont mind em grey and wrinkedBest things about this hotel:-The very nice concierge and the fact that I was able to have an early check in -Leaving knowing I paid absolutely nothing as I was able to use my free milesThe worst:-The extreme snob attitude (dont stay here unless you are on business meeting your customers saddled in Gucci or Versace shoes)If you do get stuck-Enjoy the size proximity and cleanliness of the room (well other than the bandaid wraps I found on the floor) and Go to the toastbox (just next door) for breakfast and really good coffee!try raffles or the mandarin  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	2	1	3	

<Author>VH-RMM
<Content>Nice Hotel, Inconsistent Service!       Hotel Sign  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Blimus
<Content>A great stay at the InterContinental I stayed at the InterContinental during my first visit to Singapore on a business trip back in Nov 2006. This is a really nice hotel, classic design with a fantastic decor throughout. The room I was in was large, well decorated with a nice on-suite bathroom - it had all the conveniences I needed. The location is nice - not far from a metro station and with quite a few restaurants near by. The resturant in the hotel was really nice, they serve a great breakfast selection and the mediterranean food I had one evening was good too. The staff at the hotel were really good.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>bpdogs
<Content>A nice honeymoon This was my second stay here. I was here last year and in my review mentioned the coldness of the staff. Why did I go here again? The value can't be beat! Since this hotel is not on Orchard Street (To noisy anyhow) the rate is lower. Also, for the quality of the rooms, it's a bargain. AND it's right next to Burgis Market and LOT'S of restaurants. Plus it's a quieter location.This time though the staff was a complete turn around. Maybe because it was my honeymoon, but almost everyone was friendly, outgoing and helpful. I can't believe everyone I met knew it was my honeymoon. The morning/afternoon doorman who was also there last year should just move on though. He just seems bored and has never smiled. He was the exception though. I asked for an upgrade to a premier room and was given it too. This is one of the largest ,if not largest, rooms I have stayed in that was not categorized as a suite. Daily fruit and Italian bottled water (as last year) was put out every morning. I don't know if this is because I'm a Priority member or not. Forgot to ask.I was happy to see the improvement in a classy good value hotel such as this. My only place to stay in Singapore for sure!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>8travellin
<Content>disappointed Dont travel in new year timeAs we did, the aim was to eat out and shop as much as we could and nothing was open, well not nothing about 10% of singapore was open. It was a waste of time, as for the hotel, they had no record of our arrival, it took 4 women and about 45 mins to sort out the error. Everyone at the hotel pointed us in the direction to go and shop yet no one could tell us it was all closed so we wasted money on taxis going to a close place. The breakfast was shocking, disorganized, for such a high standard hotel i was shocked with the wait to get in, the emptyness of food and staff, and when you got some food from the buffet it was average. Tables were left unattended, Maybe they had staff off too, hence the disarray. When we go back to singapore it will not be in new year time nor at this hotel  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	1	3	4	

<Author>Bully1959Canaries
<Content>Great Hotel Chose iit quickly for business trip. But great location excellent city plenty to see. Hotel clean and good value for money with great food and wide range of choice. As there is in Singapore.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>JG_16
<Content>Good hotel Just completed a 3 night stay at this hotel on business. Good location; less than 30 mins from the airport by cab, 5 mins in a cab from Bar Quay, maybe a few mins more to Clarke Quay. Great level of service from all staff. Was upgraded to a great suite with views of the shopping mall. Club Lounge is comfortable. Only had chance for a quick swim...pool is good but maybe pool area is a little on the small side if you are there for a while. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KCF_Sydney
<Content>Jet Lag recovery and then some To break up our trip from London to Sydney with small child we included a 3-day luxury stop in Singapore here. The room was simple, perfunctionary and faultless for our purposes. We prepayed around 1000 Aussie for 3 nights, and were slightly miffed to have to hotel unsuccessfully attempt to charge extra for an extra bed for our son, despite accepting our money for a 3 person room. That annoyance aside the staff were friendly and helpful. All the toiletries were L'occitane which seemed a good reflection of the hotel's class. Good pool (too deep for a small child who can hardly swim, so it wore him out !!). We didn't eat there due to our need one day to pay off our mortgage.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>chris2222
<Content>Loved the Intercon!! Super classic hotel with excellent rooms, super service, and lovely pool area. The Intercontinental is just next door to Busig junction (shopping area), and walking distance to Raffles and Chimes. You do need to take the metro (which is very close by) or a cab to get to the good part of Orchard.I can strongly recommend this hotel - one of the best I have ever stayed on (and I do about 500.000 airmiles a year).  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>new-to-far-east
<Content>What a lovely hotel We stayed here just before Christmas and loved the hotel. It is an oasis of calm in this busy place. Very convenient for Burgis village. The rooms were a lovely size and the service excellent. Do a deal to include breakfast if you can, we did and were able to thoroughly enjoy the amazing buffet breakfast with everything you can think of, and then some. My only gripe was that the water in the bedroom was SIN$12 a bottle, so if you like your water then buy some at the supermarket in the basement of Burgis Village attached. The pool is not very exciting but it is somewhere to layback for an hour or so before setting off again.The rooms were very quiet, I am very sensitive to noise and I did not hear a sound. I commend this hotel to you.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>wales_UKSarah
<Content>Lovely We booked this hotel as we wanted a lux start to our trip and we were not disappointed. The hotel is very grand with a large reception, lounge, bar  fab staff. The doorman  staff gave us excellent information regarding trip  where the best places to eat were. Raffles is 5 mins away by foot, Orchard street is a 10-15mins walk. We got taxie everywhere as they were so cheap. We visited the Zoo, sentosa Island resort and spend several hours shopping!!!Our hotel room was large  very comfortable, with all the small touches you would expect from a 5 star hotel. The swimming pool was outside and looked very inviting.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mextravelerr
<Content>Great Experience We stayed for four nights at Intercontinental Singapore Hotel. Fantastic Service, Nice and big units but the gem of the hotel is the Italian Restaurant. We ate breakfast every day, hard to miss that nice buffet and one night we went for dinner. What a Italian food, so good, i felt like i was in Italy, and we have been many times in Italy.We will stay there next time, No doubts.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>beachlly
<Content>Not so great Our colleagues recommended that we stay at the Intercontinental ratherthan Raffles, were we usually stay. This was a mistake. The rooms werenot very nice, it smelled of smoke and the internet connection was unreliable and dropped every 10 mins. Not acceptable for a biz hotel in Singapore.Even though our company has a good relationship with the Intercontinental, they were unaccommodating and even difficult. Our reservation needed to be extended by 1 night and we were repeatedly told that this was impossible. I checked again at 10pm the night priorto check out and confirmed that no rooms were available.Understandable with short notice, we reserved a room at Raffles. But, upon checking out the in the morning (luggage in hand and on our way to Raffles for 1 night) we were told that our reservation was extendedand we would be charged for canceling. It was quite a hassle. Needlessto say, we checked out and move to Raffles for one night. I wish we had stayed there to begin with. I will not make that mistake twice!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gabon-singapore
<Content>Second stay and still great I booked a second stay at the IC in May of 07. I stayed there previously in August 04. I wasn't disappointed. This is one of the best IC ever and the service and the room were just delightful. The chinese restaurant on the first floor is fine but I would pass the one on the lobby next to the bar except maybe for breakfast.Keep it up and I'll certainly come back.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Nydet
<Content>Nice hotel This is a very nice hotel and because I booked the room online I got a fair price (140EUR/night). I arrived again to the hotel on my way back to Sweden a week later and booked a room 3 days in advance. This time it was three times the price with a much smaller room and no view altough I am a member in Priority club. This time it was not worth it.The room my first trip was very nice, clean and avarage size. Not to small and not big. Service was everywhere. Almost too much cameras and staff watching all the time.The Japanese restaurant on the hotel was fabulous! I ate there two times and was not dissapointed. As for the chineese restaurant, it was a disaster. It took ages before we could order. When we ordered we wanted a small dish from the menu. We were asked if we wanted rice with that and said fried rice. Then it took ages again before the waitress explained that they misplaced our order. When we got our food we got a third dish with rice and vegetables, not fried rice to go with our food. She then claimed that they don't serve fried rice at that chineese restaurant. The food was not good and the price way too high. Service was unacceptable and we had to pay for an expensive side dish we did not want! Both thumbs DOWN!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>DaviesCheshire
<Content>EXCELLENT HOTEL What an amazing hotel, real luxury, cannot fault this hotel at all.Staff were so friendly and helpful nothing is too much trouble.I wanted soem laundry doing and within minutes of me calling they collected and returned within a couple of hours great service.Would definately recommend this hotel and would love to return.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FlyingKiwi44
<Content>Great stopover hotel We stayed at the Transit Hotel in Singapore Airport on the way from New Zealand to London last year, but it was too noisy and uncomfortable, even for one night, so for the return trip we stayed at the Intercontinental instead. It was definitely the right decision. It didn't cost much more than the airport hotel, because it was one of the Singapore Stopover promotion hotels at the time, and the standard was *so* much higher.The complimentary shuttle to the hotel was problem free, and we were upgraded at check-in to a lovely, huge, room, with a wonderful bathroom, and beautiful windows overlooking a courtyard. However, the courtyard turned out to be connected to the bar area, and it was Chinese New Year! When I realised it was going to be too noisy, I contacted the front desk, and they immediately had us moved to a completely quiet room. It wasn't a problem at all. The new room was a bit smaller, but still very comfortable, with soft beds and pillows - things I definitely value after a long flight!The hotel is connected to a mall, which is handy because there's a small supermarket in the mall, so we could stock up on munchies for the day. I would definitely stay here again next time we go through Singapore.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gcrefs
<Content>Central and close to everything       The room  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>kkeating
<Content>Beautiful Hotel My husband and I did a stopover in Singapore on our way to and from Australia; and we stayed at the InterContinental in Singapore for a total of six days (three at the beginning of the trip and three at the end). The InterCon is in a great location, close to the Arab Quarter and the old colonial area (near Raffles).The hotel itself is a beautiful colonial building with an old wing and a newer tower. On our first visit, we stayed in a room in the new tower. The room was wonderful with a very comfortable king-size bed and lovely furniture and decorations. The large modern bathroom had both a full-size bathtub and a separate shower stall. The room also had a small safe, black out curtains, a large LCD screen television and cable.On our second visit, the staff gave us a room in the old wing, which is situated above a shopping area. The room was overlooking the street and was rather quiet, and it was large with lovely hardwood floors. However, there was a plumbing problem - we had a steady leak coming through the ceiling by our door. We alerted the staff to the problem, and they switched us to another room in the same wing. Unfortunately, this room overlooked the shopping area and was rather noisy. We finally ended up in a room in the new tower area again, which was again very nice.The breakfast was very good, with a huge buffet, but it was relatively expensive. The bar was really cozy; we ended a few of our days there with a tall drink.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Singapore, but I would also warn them to avoid rooms in the old wing overlooking the shopping area, if possible. Aside from this issue, the hotel is wonderful, and the staff is very pleasant and accommodating.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>NQOzzies
<Content>Good location Our family of 2 adults and 2 children (aged 3  5) stayed here for 4 nights in August. I agree with previous reviews that the hotel is an excellent location. We were upgraded to a junior suite on a club floor. The positive of this was the size of the room was excellent. The downside was the floor we were on was a smoking floor. Being non-smokers the smell particularly in the evenings was unpleasant. I agree with a previous review that room service could have been better. Coffee and milk was rarely left in our room. Our telephone wouldn't work and despite several requests to fix, no one came. The doormen provided excellent service and were very friendly.We would have no hesitation in staying at this hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	2	4	

<Author>woblynne
<Content>Hotel in a great area for getting around       Front view of Hotel  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	1	4	4	

<Author>vixbkk
<Content>Good, come back Very Good hotel, Had high expectation but it exceeded. Rooms are large and clean colonial style. Pool is quite nice but crowded in late afternoon with kids. Restaurant and lounge is exquisite. Another complain is a substandard fitness gym room. bugis Junction has great food, good open mall and local eateries in the back street. I would recommend this place.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>kimonbel
<Content>Great hotel This hotel was just great!! We stayed in the victorian style room with my husband and it was very nice. Housekeeping made our bed in the morning and also got it ready for us to go to bed. I think they must have known when we were not in the room. They did not bother us at all. We booked our room with the hotel website and I thought we got a pretty good deal for S$225/night and it came with a great breakfast. Downstairs had a shopping center and the MRT which I thought was very convenient. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kristian_page
<Content>Great Location, Over Priced and Bad Service. Look Elsewhere Singapore is Expensive. Regardless of your currency, this City鈥檚 beauty comes directly from the Taxes you pay as a guest. Nothing is the price it seems, and Hotels are at least 15% more plus there is Goods and Services Tax on everything, pretty much. It is a nice and safe place but the money will start leaving your pockets as soon as you move through Customs and it won't stop until you leave.The Intercontinental is in a great location but that is all it has going for it. Everything else about this Hotel is smoke and mirrors. You don't have to look too hard to see it looks ok but it being neglected and will be very ordinary in a few years. I stayed for 12 nights, pre paid through Priority Club where I am a Platinum Member. I am a simple guy, I like clean, neat and secure. I'm not fussy and I don't write many reviews but I felt strongly enough about this stay to comment.The driveways staff is friendly and helpful and the reception is neat but the staff are very mechanical in their approach and it wasn鈥檛 very personable. I was taken to my room but the staff member was just going through a routine and didn't seem interested The room was neat and tidy but that鈥檚 where it stopped. The room service and housekeeping was terrible. They missed many things including replenishing coffee and cleaning the tiles in the entry. I had to call them back on a few occasions to do tings they had missed. Actually they didn't replenish the coffee for 10 days and missed the mini bar many other days too. The fridge wasn't cold enough and I had to order ice for the whole stay. At $280 a night (discounted), I shouldn鈥檛 have had to do this.I asked for direction at the Concierge Desk and they gave me the wrong directions on 3 separate occasions. I thought it might be my accent but I asked in Chinese (I'm Australian and I speak a little Chinese) NO I don't sound like the Crocodile Hunter ;-) my accent isn't strong so I was surprised. Even the Indian guy gave me the wrong directions. I said SUN TECH CITY, they heard something else. Anyway I went to the map and found out for myself, only after walking around the City in the heat but I got there in the end.The Internet service is about $30 a day and SLOW!!! They say it is broadband but It was horrible and I had to make a number of calls to get it sorted. Problems on their end BUT that鈥檚 not the issue. It was more about the attitude of the receptionist who answered the phone at the Hotel when I complained. I was treated like some scumbag who was trying to get his money back, scraping to use the service and get a refund. I simply said the service wasn鈥檛 broadband but it was resolved only after the IT Manger came to my room and called the Internet Company. The problem returned but I won鈥檛. The breakfast was expensive, $27 plus tax for the cold buffet (cereal) and $37 + for the hot. When you arrive into the dining room the staff automatically generate an Invoice for the full buffet, I got caught out on this on a number of occasions and nearly signed off on it before I got it corrected.Overall, the issues I experienced should NOT have happened in this Hotel, not at this star rating and at this cost. I won鈥檛 be staying at the Intercontinental Hotel Singapore again and I urge you to consider another Hotel, read the reviews and look elsewhere. Thanks Kristian (Shanghai China)  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	2	2	1	1	

<Author>sambucada
<Content>Very good value Stayed in a shophouse,super sized room with a real ambience.The bathroom and fittings were a bit jaded but the whole room had character.Door men were excellent in hailing taxis.Breakfast was very good although overpriced.We really enjoyed our stay here the place was immaculate.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>happy_voyager
<Content>InterContinental Singapore       bathroom  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrKitty
<Content>Excellent hotel As one would expect of a 5* luxury hotel, the InterCon is a fantastic hotel in a great location. The breakfast was vast, with Chinese, Japanese and Western options available. The coffee was actually fantastic here! Rooms are very well appointed, comfortable and quiet. We had some issues with the taxi queue, as the two concierges didnt quite communicate with each other where the line was. Expect very efficient staff, but not overly friendly, as is the luxury way. The house keeping staff were excellent and very friendly, polite and thanked us for visiting Singapore, not just the hotel! Pool is lovely. For the rates we could secure on their website, you cannot beat this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Kamikazetrips
<Content>Location, location, location My husband and I have stayed at the ICH Singapore at least half a dozen times over the past year and have nothing but good things to say about the hotel.ICH's location on Bugis Junction is simply unbeatable - with great access to shops, malls, and markets as well as the metro. Service is highly reliable. Rooms are spacious, clean, and comfortable. Most importantly, it is really good value for the money.We haven't spent time in the pool but it looks quite nice. As for food options, who needs to dine at the hotel when all options around Bugis? Try the underground foodcourt at the mall outside the hotel. It is cheap and selection abounds.ICH has become our hotel of choice whenever we stay in Singapore.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Mikanacat
<Content>Almost ideal We just spent a week in one of the shophouse rooms at this hotel and found the place nearly perfect. Sure, it's not a grand luxe place with acres of marble and gardens and four swimming pools, but the public spaces are lovely, intimate, elegant, and pay attention to Singapore's history. Our shophouse room was also elegant and supremely comfortable with polished wood floors, a huge tiled bathroom with walk in shower and decent tub, biggish LCD TV with a good selection of channels, and all the other bits and pieces one expects at this level. Even better, the hotel is not on or near the hideous tourist frenzy of Orchard Road. Bugis Junction is not the raffish place it used to be, but is now a charming mix of old Singapore and new Singapore. The new National Libary is here and has free wifi if you don't wish to pay the SGD$30 a day for the hotel broadband. There's a covered shophouse street adjacent to the hotel with coffee shops and restaurants and a department store that has a nice big food court with lots of hawkers in its basement. You can eat and eat well here for very little, and that's important because the prices charged by the hotel for food and drink are pure highway robbery, and the main drawback of the place. The staff were consistently charming, friendly, and helpful (unlike the experiences of others on TripAdvisor) but we could have done without the constant knocking on our door on the morning of our checkout day to ask if we had yet gone. A great stay in a really good hotel, at a very decent price booked on the hotel's own website.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>dgtravelbug
<Content>Great Location but..... This is a nice hotel in a great location. The rooms are very comfortable, the lobby and the lounge area is very spacious and opulent, and the pool area is nice though a little small.Bugis Junction shopping mall adjoins the hotel and just a block away are the Bugis St markets which are bustling day and night. Just a few blocks to the north is the Arab quarter where I spent a fabulous morning shopping. It also has some interesting dining options (we dined at an atmospheric Arabic restuarant one night).We generally do not stay in 5 star hotels so the InterContinental was a bit of a splurge. The only thing that let down our stay were a couple of annoying service issues.We arrived at the hotel after 8pm at night. We had no problem with the check in (although it would have been nice to have been told whether or not breakfast was included and where it was). However it took over half an hour for our bags to be delivered up to our room, and only then because I rang up to remind them. We really wanted to get changed and have a shower, but instead we had to sit around waiting for our luggage to arrive.The next day we were out all morning. When we returned to the hotel at 1:30pm our room had still not been made up. We went back out again and returned at 4:30pm to find the maid only just starting to clean our room then. We were hot and tired and wanted to change into our swimmers to go to the pool, but instead we found ourselves sitting in the lobby for half an hour waiting for housekeeping to finish cleaning the room.The breakfast buffet is very nice but ridiculously expensive (after taxes $84 for 2 breakfasts???). Just as well it was included in our package or we would have gone outside to a cafe. The InterContinental is a very impressive hotel for a special occasion or a splurge, but for a general Singapore stopover I think there are better value hotels.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>hotchr
<Content>Well worth it! This hotel came highly recommended from my best friend who lives in Singapore. I figured he couldn't be wrong and he wasn't.Upon arrival I humbly asked if it was possible for an upgrade (despite having no status with their membership program and booking the most inexpensive basic room) turns out they upgraded me to a shop house room that overlooked the interior mall courtyard area. Very nice surprise, esp. the shutters on the windows! Quite colonial. Room was very spacious, and the location of this hotel was sublime...just steps away from the Bugis MRT stop as so many have noted. Of course you walk through a mall to get there and back, but this is Singapore...shopping is a national pastime!Also if you need any sundries a 7-11 is just right down the road less than a 3 minute walk.The only negative is how much of a walk there is in this hotel. It can be quite confusing like you're going though a maze and don't know where you're going until you've gone through 2 or 3 sets of double doors so just be ready for this.All in all a great hotel and for the price would def. consider coming back.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>JonnyTunbridgeWells
<Content>Great hotel, fantastic! Great hotal, booked club rooms and wow, fantastic rooms, staff and the club lounge with breakfast, afternoon/evening cocktails, amazing. Rooms were really big for a city hotel and plush. A+++++++  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JKD
<Content>shophouse room was lovely I don't usually write reviews of properties teeming with reviews, but after my first stay here, this hotel has jumped to #2 (tied with the Yokohama Grand InterContinental) of my all time favorites.This hotel was recommended by my husband; I've stayed in the Hilton, Sheraton, Swisshotel and numerous others in Singapore. What I liked about the IC (and particularly the shophouse room), was the feeling of something with a little bit of history, while not lacking in modernity. The lobby was a nice size - not overwhelming with high ceilings or overly crowded and busy. It felt welcoming. The shophouse room was comfortable with chairs, small table as well as desk and chair. The room is tastefully decorated according to the InterContinental standard. Flat screen TV makes the room feel airier. The bathroom amenities were nice; there is a bathtub and separate shower stall with glass door. Hot water was plentiful and the shower head worked great. Bathrobes are provided.The bed itself was very comfortable - not too hard and not too soft. The pillows were fluffy enough without giving me a neck ache. The only complaint is that the daily refreshing of the room was erratic. Upon arrival, fruit and mineral water were provided. The second day, nothing. But, provided again on the third and fourth day. Similar situation with the newspaper - first and second day, The Straits Times; third day, nothing, and I departed too early on the final day for paper delivery (they were just being delivered to the bellman as I was leaving).The odd thing about a wake up call is that you get one 5 minutes in advance from a machine; the second call (on time) is from a person.Bugis Junction is attached to the hotel. There is a largish Cold Storage supermarket (larger than some of the other locations in Singaporean malls); this one has a deli and hot foods to go. As Singapore is well connected by MRT throughout the shopping / hotel areas, this hotel is convenient to just about everything. Service is not as good as my #1 favorite, ICC BKK, but adequate. I didn't have time to check out the gym, as I took a couple of long walks to Chinatown to do some great shopping for souvenirs (probably a bit better than Orchard Road shopping due to the concentration and close proximity of all of the vendors).  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>KSSydney
<Content>Friendly hotel, very relaxing! I love the Intercontinental. The purpose of my visits there are in transit between the long journey from Aus to Europe and vice versa. The hotel rooms are really nice: comfortable beds, decent room service, beautiful bathrooms and a nice deep bath (tub) to soak in after a long haul flight.If you feel like venturing out shopping then Bugis Junction is at the door and Raffles City mall is a 5 min walk from the hotel, and from there you can explore the City Link Mall etc.Great hotel!!  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lcd75
<Content>Fantastic place to stay! Arrived morning time in Singapore but the staff were so friendly and had no bother checking us in early. The hotel was immaculately clean. The rooms were luxurious and the attention to detail made this hotel very high-quality. Had a buffet breakfast in the hotel, great choice and the quality was excellent. Staff were so attentive and could not do enough to help.Singapore is a great place to visit and our stay here made it special!  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>peacex
<Content>Nice Weekend Getaway Singaporean staying in a Singapore hotel for a weekend getaway purpose in late March 2007. Just for relaxation. Pool was nice.Jucuzzi  Gym was nice for a workout. Rooms were huge and clean! Bedswere very comfortable and nice pillows. Toilet huge as well with bathtub and standing shower. Flat screen tv with many cable tv channels. Location is very good just at Bugis Junction. Bugis street shopping is just 1 road away. Bugis Junction shopping center is justdownstairs. Extremely enjoyable!  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>spookie007
<Content>Absolutely Love this hotel! Great Hotel at a lovely location. Just walk out the back door and you'll be at the shopping heaven - with a supermarket, pharmacy, restaurants, and a departmental store all nearby. Walk a little further and you can also find an MRT station.Food is excellent - Try to get your stay with breakfast as they offer a simple and lovely breakfast buffet. They go for quality, rather than just quantity which many other hotels do. Staff are all friendly and helpful. Hotel is clean (which is really important to me). Also stayed there once during christmas season. Hotel was tastefully decorated with christmas decor which puts the hotel guest in a happy and festive mood.This hotel is a little pricey, but if you can afford this, I would recommend that you try this place. I've stayed there 3 times and each stay was wonderful. Also had a training/conference there. Facilities are good for such events too.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dublin_Honeymooners
<Content>Excellent Experience Stayed in December as part of our honeymoon. We loved the Intercontinental. Shophouse room was spacious and comfortable. Check-in was excellent. Rained the whole time we were in Singapore, but Intercontinental made it a great 3 days.If travelling with Singapore Airlines en route to somewhere else, check out the Singapore Stopover Deals. Really good rates in all stars of hotels.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ravenseye
<Content>5 star attempted theft Don't get me wrong, this is a really nice hotel. Clean, good position, reasonably priced and staffed for the most part by willing, decent people who want to make sure you have a good stay. Unfortunately when we checked in and went to our room we caught one of the porters red-handed rifling our luggage. Fortunately we got there just in time and he didn't take anything. Unfortunately the duty manager and the parent company have so far not responded positively to the incident. To an extent I can understand. If stuff has been taken then of course it would be a completely different matter (I'd like to think). Our discomfort at this unfortunate introduction to Singapore is that the guilty party remained on duty for the remainder of the two days we were there and we saw him around all of the time and really it's the laissez faire attitude of the hotel management that has got my goat. By all means stay there but keep your eyes on your bags.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>NZBird
<Content>Great Hotel, shame about the check in We booked our hotel via the Singapore Stopover brochure and after reading up about it on the internet. The hotel has a great first impression, the men at the door are friendly and the hotel is clean. However, we travel quite a bit and I can honestly say that I have never experienced a check-in like we did at the Intercontinental! The lady behind the desk greated us with a strained smile and then said that you want a kingsize bed in a non smoking room we replied yes that is what we booked. She then told us that there were no rooms available and we could ever go into a smoking room or have two single beds in a non smoking room. I informed her that that was not ideal and we had booked a kingsize bed in a non smoking room. She continued to look at us as if we were to except what she was telling us but we did not. After she spent another 5 minutes searching the computer she then told us that she had a room available!!! To me that was absurbed and I felt like they were trying to put us in a cheaper room so they could either put someone who was more distinguised in there or someone who would pay more money. Anyhow our room was beautiful, everything was so new and tidy. They had free grapes and bottles of water on arrival, a comfortable bed, new TV with good channels and everything else you would expect. The hotel itself was in a brilliant location, so central with a mall outside one of the entrance's. The check-out was the opposite to our check-in and very easy, the man behind the counter was friendly.Overall would we come back to this hotel again, NO. I have stayed in Singapore before and we last stayed in a 4-star hotel which was much more enjoyable and friendly.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	4	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>FrequentFrier
<Content>On top of the shops! The Intercontinental is on top of the Bugis shops in Singapore - which are one of the local must-do experiences, in my opinion. The hotel itself is very clean, well designed and well staffed. My room was large and had good views - on the North side. The hotel outdoor pool is great - but could do with a few extra lounges (rather than double beds!) for the guests who congregate here. If you are acclimatised to the Singapore heat and humidity, the Intercontinental is only a short walk to Raffles, the colonial buildings and museums, the Suntec exhibition centre, the theatres, the river and the CBD. In other words, the location is excellent! I would highly recommend this Hotel.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>scot5
<Content>Excellent Hotel Stayed for two nights in this hotel travelling back from New Zealand to UK. loved the Hotel and all the staff were very helpful. it is well situated for walking to explore the city.the rooms are of a high standard. the only complaint i had was we had prebooked a roll away bed. we arrived late and it was not prepared we had to call twice to get it. they resolved the problem by not charging for it.if you are leaving later in the day the cost of a room to change is expensive, but the toilets in the lobby are large enough to accomodate quick changes of clothing.overall a good advertisment for the high standard given by staff.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wellingtonian
<Content>Disappointed This was our fourth stay at this hotel and it may have been our last. While we have always been very pleased with the lovely, serene atmosphere of the place and the convenience of its setting, right above the Bugis MRT stop, we have never been very impressed by the quality of check-in. This time check-in was so unprofessionally rude and slow for a five star hotel that I wrote a note to the management. After a 24 hour journey we were kept half an hour at the desk (there were no other people checking in) while the receptionist occasionally glared at us and tapped furiously on the computer. No explanation, no apologies. Five months earlier we had requested a rollaway for our four year old son on the hotel website, and sent an additional email (to which we never received a reply). The rollaway wasn't in the room, and despite the reluctant acknowledgement of the receptionist that we had requested one it wasn't there two hours later either. We had to make a special phonecall to make it clear that our young child needed to go to bed. It's a real pity that reception is so abysmal because the other staff bend over backwards to please and the overall facilities are great.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>3	2	5	5	5	1	4	-1	

<Author>audreyu8
<Content>Definitely not a 5-Star!!! My husband and I booked a deluxe King room on the hotel's website for 2 nights 2 weeks before arrival.Checking in was quite alright without much information as to where we will have breakfast and how to operate the elevator. Had a nice couple telling us instead and they said that nobody told them too upon check-in and instead was kindly told by other guests as well.When we went up to the room, we were puzzled to see 2 twin beds as opposed to 1 King. My husband called front desk and was told that the lady who checked us in, had mentioned it to me that since all rooms are fully booked, there would be only twin beds available and that I had consented to this. I was extremely furious as she not only did not inform me about the twin beds, she had the cheek to lie that I said yes to the change. We were told all rooms are full and no changes can be made. Now, this was a business trip and we were sent to a room that we did not reserve. It was 3pm and my husband was going to have a meeting at 5.30pm. He asked to speak to the manager and was told that the manager would call back.3.15pm: Manager called and apologized and said that by booking in general, guests are NOT GURANTEED the room that they had reserved. In other words, guests are not able to choose the number of beds they want. It is only upon check-in and availability that you might get what you paid for. (??? - And this is a 5-star hotel???) We were both very upset as time was running out and the manager wasn't accomodating. After much discussion, the manager finally told us that someone had just (conveniently?) checked out of a King deluxe and that we will be able to check into the room at about 4.30pm. As we were delayed in checking in to our rightful room, we requested a late check out at 4pm. We didn't think it was unreasonable as we were put through such an inconvenience. Again, there was much discussion with the manager and finally she wheedled it back to 3pm. 4.40pm: Lady who checked us in came up and apologized for the misunderstanding and led us to the new room. The room was spacious and comfortable with no complimentary water nor fruits. (We are mentioning this because we stayed in a four star hotel in Penang 2 nights before and a 3.5 star boutique hotel in Taipei for 6 nights and had endless supply of complimentary water and fruits).I also asked the lady who checked us in about me consenting to a room that I wasn't even told and she mumbled an apology about misunderstanding. The dining ambience was really nice. Waiters were extremely courteous. Breakfast consisted a spread of Western and Eastern cuisine. However, it wasn't one of the best as we were told. Note: Our taste of food is strictly non-bias upon bad service by staff.We want to add that the concierge was extremely helpful and courteous when we needed information. Broadband access in the room is not complimentary. We were told that it costs $0.30/min. But upon our asking, we found out that it actually costs approximately $1.00/min after taxes. We would never have found out until check-out.All in all, we were displeased with the service. For a 5-star hotel that we have reserved pior upon arrival, we weren't guranteed the room that we had booked. In all the 5 star hotels we have stayed, this is the 1st one that we have come across with such a ridiculous policy. Though we enjoyed the room, it was with much time, discussion and insistence that we finally got what we wanted. As a guest, we definitely do not want to go through so much inconvenience when it is not our wrong in the first place. Also, to have a staff lie that a guest had consented to the change reflects a lot on the morality on the hotel. We understand that the intercontinental is a part of an international corporation. With such service in one of the finest cities in the world, would we dare book another hotel in another part of the world? By choice, definitely not.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	4	2	1	2	

<Author>mhausmann
<Content>Disappointed...       shower stall  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	4	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>JewlzReadingUK
<Content>Best Hotel I've Ever Stayed in       Christmas at the Intercontinental  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RJRAustralia
<Content>Good but could be better My wife  I have just returned from a 5 week vacation including the last 3 days in Singapore. We made our reservation on the Hotel web site and paid around $S330 per night including taxes etc.The hotel is well located and is convenient to the Bugis MRT (underground access) and the grocery store below. All staff are very friendly and helpful but there are a couple of things that for a modern '5' Star hotel should be better. We were located in the older section on the lower floors. Room size was good, as was the bathroom but things are getting 'tired' and need some freshening up.Breakfast is the usual 'buffet' but it really was no better than a '3' Star hotel in terms of variety, imagination or 'something special'.Had to use the business centre briefly for internet access and was surprised to learn this is available at a cost (small but my experience is that this is usually free). Walking through the lobby indicated that porterage was often stretched .......... our experience particularly on checkout and later when returning to collect our luggage to go to the airport. A similar experience was found when we were seeking some pretty basic tourist information from the Concierge.One evening around 8:30pm we waited in the hotel taxi queue for about 45mins. Locals around us (and behind us in the queue) began making telephone bookings and were then leaving well before us. The porters did little to explain options or arrange an improved service .......... there are over 22,000 taxis in Singapore.For similar monies (slightly higher or lower) I suspect there may be some better options right now in Singapore  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Perthfamily
<Content>Perfect Location, Rooms, Meals and All Class The location of this hotel is perfect, as we love the Bugis area. The staff are excellent. The meals are delicious. We stayed a week after a relaxing holidays in the Maldives and when we arrived we were shown to our corner suite and adjoining room. I couldn't fault this hotel. We are a family with four young (well travelled and well behaved) children and this hotel was just perfect!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>ylc25
<Content>Great location Stayed here Dec 25-Jan 2. I booked through the hotel website early and had a rate of $160 sgd/night which was a great value for this caliber of hotel. The room was spacious, clean, the bathroom was excellent. Only problem was they did not have my reservation when I arrived, but the problem was resolved. The subway is very close to the hotel, you can walk directly from the hotel into the mall and into the subway without going outside. The walk to the subway is less than 5 minutes.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>annenorman
<Content>Return Often We stayed at the Intercontinental Singapore from December 26, 2006 through January 1, 2007. Overall, we rate it an exceptional facility. The team is extraordinary. The facilities are quite good, and the hotel is superbly situated in this wonderful city/state. Singapore is a shoppers haven. Mindful of this tradition, it is important that a visitor select a hotel that is situated conveniently to all major shopping areas -- the elite ones and those that cater to non-designer retailers. The Intercontinental Singapore suits all needs. It is walking distance to Arab Street, an area where vendors sell silk, wool and other fabrics by the meter. These merchants also peddle other clothing items and specialty pursuits. One also can walk to Little India, where many items are sold by local vendors and the food is exceptionally good and reasonable. A shopper also can walk down the street to the Raffles Hotel, and its continguous mall, for more upscale pursuits. Finally, an inexpensive cab ride will take you to retail heav\en -- the Orchard Road and Scotts Road. We offer this observation at the outset because we noted the relatively remote location of other five-star hotels in Singapore. We also noted, by extreme contrast, the location of the Hyatt and the Marriott right in the middle of the heavy commercial foot and vehicular traffic. This hotel, and its location, offered a unique and convenient balance.We start with commentary about the positive aspects of this hotel. As noted by others, the breakfast buffet was exceptional. Freshly squeezed jiuces, wonderful breads and cereals, an array of fresh fruits, specially prepared items, and other nicely presented food items made for an outstanding experience. Everything was presented wonderfully. The staff -- the team -- was attentive, charming and committed to customer service. We especially liked Kelly, who was a charming, efficient and attentive waitress. The dining room was bright, clean and cheerful. It was neat, and inspired a sense that the team was dedicated to maintenance of a clean and healthy dining environment.The room was clean and well appointed. The best part was the predictable arrival of the housekeeper. She arrived to make the bed during the day and arranged it for the evening about the same time. Given recent experiences in the US, this is something that we should appreciate. After all, there is nothing worse than returning to a room only to discover that it has not been cleaned and made before mid-afternoon. We always found our room made and arranged when we returned during the afternoon. We also were able to predict the arrival of the housekeeper in the evening to turn the bed and otherwise arrange the setting. This may seem petty but it is a very nice feature in these times.The hotel staff -- the desk team, the concierage, the bar , the bell men, door persons were kind, attentive and determined to make your stay a fine experience. We cannot offer a single less-than-positive comment about them. Actually, they were at time quite entertaining. and attuned to your needs and preferences.The only negative comment I can offer is the price of the drinks at the hotel bar. They were twice the price of nearby facilities. Once I discovered this reality, I went elsewhere by foot or with dinner. Obviously, this is treated as a profit center.The hotel outdoor pool and fitness facilities are basic. Nothing exceptional here. They are available if you need them, but clearly no one associated with the hotel virews them as critical or esential features.The hotel offers spa and massage services. Take your time before making a commitment. There are plenty of spa and massage facilities thourghout Singapore that cost a fraction of the cost offered by the hotel team. Some are literally seconds away from the hotel property by foot.Singapore is a great city. It is extrremely clean and safe. Everything is convenient. The people -- the residents -- are delightful and friendly. Most things are reasonbably priced. Shopping is a cultural event. The zoo is a special event.If you stay at this hotel, take advantage of the package that includes the breakfast buffet. Walk down the street to Purvis Street -- minutes away -- for lunch or dinner at some nice (and clea) places. Survey the shops at the Raffles Hotel (an old guard British facility) for convenience. (The original Singapore Sling at the Long Bar is a tourist trap.) Do your real shiopping, however, on Orchard Road or Scotts Road. Be patient: survey first before you spend a dime. Be Job-like: bargain and br prepared to walk away in the local retail electronics and jewelry establishments. Outside the hotel, eat like a local. We found an Indian restaurant at the Albert Court Hotel (another old guard British spot) that served outstanding food for reasonable prices. Probe, explore and examine Little India, Chinatown, Arab Street and other ethnic retail areas for bargains and for good food. (The Apollo Banana Leaf restaurant is worth a visit -- once.)Don't worry about clothing in most of Singapore. Most upscale places permit entrance while casually dressed. Given the warm temperatures, this is quite understandable.Tailors are everywhere. We found a good one at 14 Scotts Road -- Intrend Fashions (Master Tailors). They promptly tailored our items from photographs we selected from magazines.The Takashimaya Mall belies Short Hills, The Somerset Collection and other upscale malls in the US. And, it is a short cab ride from the Intercontinental. It is worth a visit.In closing, I already plan to return to the Intercontinental Singapore. It truly is a world class hotel facility that serves the public through an experienced and focused team. We suggest that you go to this hotel once, and return often.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Andrew_M_Charlton
<Content>Special Trip I returned for the second time to this great hotel, this time for my Mum's 60th Birthday trip.As usual, the customer service was impeccable. I have a Platinum Royal Ambassador Status with Six Continents Hotels and the staff were outstanding. We booked a limo pick up at the airport and our driver was waiting for us on arrival. As we appraoched the hotel, the guest manager met us at the door and took us straight to our upgraded rooms with no fuss.Albert the concierge deserevs a special mention as he had arranged flowers and champagne for my mum as well as making all of our bookings for dibber and travel we asked for.The Gym was great, breakfasts are superb and the attention to detail is great.Tremendous service, wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>D-holidayLover
<Content>Good hotel but.... This is a nice hotel, upon i arrived by taxi someone open the door for me, help me with the luggages and straight-away show me to the reception to check-in, the room is nice, clean and tidy. Service was fine, staff is friendly and always show me with a smile. Just the problem during my stay is need to wait very long for the taxi, other then that everything is ok.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Friendly_K
<Content>Pleasant I stayed there for five nights recently on business.  I have got a very good impression of the hotel breakfast buffet restaurant. The waitress putting on smile greeting me every morning at the entrance of the Olive Tree restaurant.The chefs and waiters were friendly and pleasant. Fresh juice was great.Lady concierge was reliable and thoughtful. Front desk ladies were efficient. Housekeeping staff were attentitive.Only one downside was the front desk forgot to ask if a non-smoking room needed and the hotel allows people to smoke in the corridors and do not have enough ventilation, therefore, the corridor stank of smoke which permeated into my room. Without luck, people in the next room were celebrating birthday, a crowd of people inside and outside their room were producing heavy smoke and annoying noise all night.As an extremely tired light sleeper, I was in bed around 11:00. I thought the noisy crowd would finished their party in a short time so I did not make a compliant. However, I did not expect I had to stand the noise until 3:30 in the morning and the smoke permeated into my room was strong enough to choke me under my quilt.Fortunately the front desk switched me to a non-smoking room the next morning after my whole night torture.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>JustbackfromZante
<Content>Superb Hotel Me and my wife stayed in the Intercontinental in Singapore for 2 nights in our Honeymoon Trip around Asia and Pacific. The Staff is excellent as well as the service and the Breakfest Buffet (fantastic!!). The room is large with all new and modern amenities. Marble Bathroom is with a separate Walk-in Shower and Bath Tub. Air conditioning was a little too cold for us but was ok. We enjoyed very much our stay and we highly recommend this top class hotel, close to Underground Station and Market and Food court.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LightWeaver
<Content>Take a break at Hotel Intercontinental Singapore               More photos  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>KLreviewer
<Content>Great! Wether you have freshly flown in, or like me just transferred from an atrocious hotel namely The Garden, currently rightly ranked #75 in tripadvisor, your in for a real comfy treat at this hotel! At first, my expextations were not top, as it was the few hotels on the first page under $200, let alone it was #3! Well, be surprised! A pleasant one!Upon entering the front lobby, porters were quick enough to help with the luggage  from then on you dont have to lift a finger. Check in was was no problem although the room was only ready in 1-2 hours, fair enough, it was 11am. Just perfect, we left the bags there  got onto shopping  lunch. Returning at 3pm with aching feet, grabbed the room cards,  voila! Luxurious! Immediately you would know the price is worth it. We got the standard room, but was big enough (38sm), huge comfy bed, large work desk  unbelievable bathroom. Enough for 2 to take a shower  bubble bath, separately! To top it off, there was a beasutiful big flat sceen tv!Need I say more? Well definitely deserves the a try! No regrets!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Elderlytraveller
<Content>Going for Glamour A really stunning hotel, beautifully maintained. I love the way the floor rugs are fitted into the floor, so that you don't trip over them. This is where I go for a splurge, and I book a shop-house room which has all the lovely antique fittings. My husband loved the big spacious desk. Close enough to Bugis Junction and the Seiyu Department Store with its fabulous basement foodhall (great if you like Japanese food at reasonable prices), but also quite central for the historic, colonial district. It is within walking distance of the old churches and Raffles hotel, and close to the Kampong Glam and the Mosque area. There are many cheaper hotels, but this is the place for glamour!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>HH20255
<Content>Excellent hotel Stayed there for 3 nights and I have to say everything was perfect. Service was outstanding and will def. book that hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jpl88
<Content>Great hotel all-around               More photos  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Barry&Pat
<Content>Great Hotel We have just returned from a Far East tour. We booked the hotel Intercontinental in Singapore for 3 nights and it was a great hotel.The location was 4 mins from the Bugis MTR station - so very handy for getting about.The hotel room was like a small suite - 6' bed, writing cabinet, easy chairs and a coffee table with lots of space in the room. Separate shower and bath, toilet, sink etc.There was a safe in the room.Service and friendliness of staff was excellent + fixtures and fittings were all of a high standard.The hotel links onto a small Mall and across the road is more of a local market area.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotelAs 1st time visitors to Singapore we found the MTR very easy and cheap to use and get about.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kaleem
<Content>Amazing Hotel This is my first time in Singapore and I was amazed with the Hotel. The hotel is in middle of a shopping centre. All the essentials are just a few minutes walk away. There is even a ceinema theatre too. The rooms are very classic and the wood work in the rooms gives it a very unique ambiance. I highly recommend this hotel for family and buisness visits. Although i had a few technical issues with my access room card. I had to change my card almost everyday I return to the hotel. Its a lovely Hotel and I would love to stay again in the same hotel.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>TravelBug_Mike
<Content>We'll be coming back       Different canapes in C;un lounge every day.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	2	5	5	

<Author>nantyffin
<Content>Home from home I've stayed at the Intercontinental several times over the past few years  can highly recommend this gem of a hotel.The standards of accomodation, service  food are always well ahead of the pack. The attention to detail given by the friendly staff is quite remarkable.Whenever a trip to Singapore is on the cards, I always make sure that the Intercontintal has accomodation available.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fizzgig1703
<Content>Loved it for family short stay I stayed at the hotel for 4 nights with my husband and our 3 children who are all under 5 years of age. It was perfect - close to great shopping, including handy supermarket style shops. The staff were wonderful, kind to my children and very uninstrusive. We had interconnecting rooms, one with king size, other with 2 doubles, very confortable, baby cot for my little one, and they even placed us at the end of the corridor (I am sure much to the pleasure of other people staying at the hotel, 3 children under 5 tend to be noisy). I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>surajaydb
<Content>good hotel, but room for improvement My wife, 2 young kids and I stayed at the Intercontinental for 3 nights recently. Our stay got off to a great start when the hotel upgraded us to a peranakan wing room, which was huge with 2 queen-size beds, a big bathroom and tastefully decorated. I would strongly recommend the peranakan wing rooms for a different experience, particularly since they are accessible by a discreet walkway through the Bugis Junction mall which is intertwined (to an extent) with the hotel. Breakfast was great, and the public areas of the hotel were beautifully decorated and maintained. Breakfast for children under 6 was free, which was unusual and greatly appreciated. Now for the downside. The airconditioning in our room did not work properly the first night, and we had to switch rooms at midnight to get a good night's sleep. The problem was however solved the next day. Nevertheless, other maintenance problems surfaced during our stay eg the room was not cleaned after the aircon repair work, a handle on the cabinet was missing, the bulb for the stand lamp was fused, and some corridor doors could use a coat of paint. Having said all that the hotel is good value for money, and I would definitely stay there again. If only more attention was paid to maintenance, the hotel could go shoulder-to-shoulder with the big boys ...  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Vardomannen
<Content>Singapore Hotels Just keep Getting Better Having spent the summer in Australia, I was due to fly directly back from Brisbane to Norway, but decided at the last minute to stop in Singapore. I have stayed in so many hotels in Singapore over the years that I have lost count! My last stay was at the Oriental and I was more than pleased. This time I booked last minute and there didn't seem to be too much available, but being a memeber of Priority Club, I decided to give the Intercontinental a go. WOW! Just as good as the Oriental, and for my liking, a fine location. The hotel is situated in Bugis, about 5 mintues walk from Raffles Hotel and major shopping centres. Orchard Road is 15 minutes walk in the opposite direction, and the Boat Quay (prepare to be slightly hassled by throwers-in)/ Robertson Quay (nearly finished, impressive, slightly more expensive) restaurant areas took me around 20 minutes to walk to. Singapore is renowned for being conducive to those who like eating and whichever direction you go from the hotel, there is a plethora of diverse eateries.The hotel itself was spick and span, the staff welcoming (I managed to book a room with one bed instead of two beds, but they changed my reservation on the spot within seconds), and the facilities great. The rooms are large (especially if you are used to European hotel rooms!), the furnishings seemed new, the bathrooms large with a good range of cosmetics and a deep soaker tub, and the rooms have flat screen TVs.I'm going back to Singapore in April 2007, and I feel that I am spoiled for choice as far as hotels are concerned, but the Intercontinental is definately worth the price you pay, and I will return!!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>traveller664
<Content>Incompetent The hotel is nice and the staff are very friendly, but there were 3 mistakes made with my trip. I had Mr. Jo on my booking form - even though they could see I was a married lady, and my passport had Joan on it - they did not change it. I was given a smoking room when I had booked a non smoking and I was not warned at check in that they were full. The club floor was good and breakfast was very nice. I returned to my room on the last evening to discover that a letter had been left in. I had hoped it was to address my complaints about the smoking room and the error with my name.No it was a fax relating to a tender that some other guest in the hotel had asked to be sent. I hand it in to the club loung and the staff did not apologise for their mistake in leaving sensitive information in the wrong guest room. They just said Oh thank youMy colleague who was also at the hotel encountered errors with her name - although her booking was in her name - they changed the name to her boyfriends name and started to refer to her as her boyfriends sirname and Mrs too.Two men also arrived at her room mid afternoon 2 days before she was due to check out asking why she had not vacated her room! The hotel will need to tighten up on these things it does not create a good image.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You get gold for the price of silver.... We have just returned from a short two night stay at the superb Singapore Intercontinental. Whislt we were the there, the local media had news on the fact that the hotel could be sold but the staff said that Intercontonental will still run it. We had a club room which gave us access to the lounge on the 11th floor. The club lounge staff were fantastic and even remembered the drinks that you like. The room itself was great and I loved the Philps LCD TV in the room. Pity I spent so little time in the hotel as with 48 hours in the Lion City, there is a lot to do. Shopping is a local favourite pastime and the busy Bugis mall is adjacent to the hotel. Entrance is from the hotel lobby. The hotel is situated in town, close to Raffles, Suntec and the Esplanade. It's a short taxi ride to orchard Road and if you want tog et away from the hectic Orchard Rd area, then this hotel is a must. The pool is nice but it's the quality of accommodation, location, service and excellent price that makes this hotel the best in Singapore. Raj, the concierge was amazing, and the front office staff were also more than helpful. Once again, I have to mention the rooms - they were big, comfortable and bright. The bed was to die for, the bathroom fantastic and did I menion that LCD TV?  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luxury at a great rate We stayed at the Intercontinental for 3 days on our way back to Australia and it has to be one of the best hotels we have ever stayed in. We were upgraded to a Club room and they were very large and spacious and well presented. The beds, linen and pillows were the most comfortable I have slept on - I nearly spent most of my stopover asleep! The added touches of fluffy bathrobes, slippers, fabulous toiletries and that fabulous shower, (which someone else commented on) really does make this a great place to want to come back to. So much so, we even extended our room booking and were happy to pay extra for a 7pm check out (as our flight was at 10pm) just so we could stay in the room.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Clerkenwell
<Content>5* for only $160 We booked here on the advice on trip advisor and for the price. It is an excellent hotel for the money. Starting with the assistant helping you out of the cab and taking your luggage and then onto the assistant who registers you in your own room, having escorted you there. The lounge bar is glorious with the exorbitant prices that, unfortunately, I expect from a five star hotel. We didn't have time for the pool but, it looked good from our bedroom. The location is perfect for Bugis Street and only a five minute walk to Raffles and Raffles City.The only two slight reservations are the charges for internet access S$0.25 per minute and the long wait for taxis in the early evening. The latter is a problem of the city, the former is just a con on the hotel's part. Many other locations offer this service for free so the Itercontinenral Group need to review their policies.We didn't let this dampen our stay and ww would gladly come again.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Phenomenal hotel - Unbeatable location Loved the Intercon Singapore! The hotel is beautiful, service is impeccable and the location is unbeatable. We were upgraded to a beautiful deluxe room (junior suite really!) on a high floor. They have a luxurious pool area and 24 hour gym. The hotel is located at Bugis Junction with great access to the MRT line and shopping/dining areas (Raffles City Mall, Raffles Hotel, Chijmes, etc). It's also within walking distance of other charming shophouses, etc. We can't wait to go back!  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>theWill
<Content>Great stay was there just recently and really enjoyed the ic singapore. it was in a great location and a nice walk to everything. the staff, namely the bell, could be a bit friendlier and the rooms could use a bit of an update but besides that it was a very nice hotel, especially the bathrooms!  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Dreaming_of_Elysium
<Content>Great experience at the Intercontinental, full of character and luxury My friend and I stayed at the Intercontinental for 3 nights on our outward journey to Austrailia and found it a delightfull place to stay. We arrived at about 9 am and were quickly checked in and shown to our room immediately with no extra charge (much appreciated after a 14 hour journey from England). The hotel feels very homely because the foyer is not huge and impersonal, and it never felt busy at any time during our stay. The staff were friendly and efficient and always had a smile and a hello for us. The feel of the hotel is old world charm with lots of wood , flowers and antiques, and felt luxourious without being intimidating or too glitzy. Our room on the 15th floor had a great view towards the Marina and over the roof tops of Raffles and was charming and well appointed, with really comfortable large twin beds with space in between and all around. The bathroom was marble with a great mirror and separate shower cubicle. Breakfast was very good in a light filled atriium , a lovely way to start the day. Pool area is a little small and is shaded by the building untill about 11.30am so no sunbathing in the morning which was a problem on the days we were there as it was only sunny until the daily heavy showers about 3pm. Only gripe... late checkout as promised in the luxury weekend deal we had was not , as we thought ,automatically included, we had to wait untill the day of departure to have it confirmed , and only got till 2pm when we begged ( Raffles plaza gave us till 3pm on an ordinary week nite without quibble or charge, immediately on check in). But all in a great comfortable hotel with the added attraction of a lively shopping area attached and colourfull Bugis St market just across the road for a less sanitised shoppping experience if you want it. Would stay again if I could get the same advance room rate, which was very cheap at 拢72.00 a night booked direct through the Intercontinental web site.  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>robsinclair
<Content>Best service we've ever had The hotel was 1st class - great location, nice friendly staff, good breakfast, very luxurious bedroom and bathroom. We stayed in a club intercontinental room and i would advise anyone else to do the same - breakfast is served in the club lounge and is fantastic, a whole range of fresh and exotic frutis and juices - staff greeting you each morning by name and a free bar between 5-7pm every night!! We would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>VfB 1893
<Content>Cool Climate but Value at its best               More photos  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RJK69
<Content>Comfortable - good base Check-in handled well - allocated 5th floor rooms.Connecting doors not opened due to spring closure - soon rectified by 2 door stops though.Little view from room, just the roof of adjacent shopping centre.Comfortable beds, seperate step in shower cubicle, very well appointed.Small pool  kids pool - only 18 sun beds but usually some available.Good location with small shopping centre/ good food court  MRT linked to hotel.Thought the restaurants were expensive compared to the local outlets.Staff friendly  helpful although failed to advise an attraction was closed when ordering a cab for us.Definately recommended though.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>josmon10
<Content>Value for money I booked this hotel for one night (1 April), following the recommendations from the Trip Advisor forums. I had an early flight from Mumbai and I got to the hotel at 7:30 AM. I was expecting to use their left luggage service until I could check in, but they gave me a room that early, which was fantastic. They apologised because it had 2 single beds instead of one, but they were big enough. The room was spacious, clean and looked great, just like the hotel as a whole. Their gym is open 24 hours a day, which is something I've never seen anywhere else.As a footnote, I pre-paid the room, and discovered that for some reason they had charged 6 nights instead of one. But I told them and they immediately debited my card. I paid 95 Euro, which I think is a reasonable price for such a hotel.I really enjoyed my stay in Singapore, and I'll certainly return to this hotel as soon as I have a chance to come back to this beautiful city/country.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RichardB100
<Content>didnt stay Booked a room wanted to check in at 9am and check out at 9pm the next. They wanted to charge me three nights for the privelage! Three other hotels in singapore charge 1/2 night extra including, fullerton and pan pacific which I booked. Greedy hotel and little regard for regular customer.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>doc holiday
<Content>Thank you ,Tripadvisor               More photos  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent choice We have just returned from 2 weeks in Singapore having spent the first 8 nights of our holiday in a Junior Suite at the Intercontinental. I had done a considerable amount of research prior to booking this hotel, including reading the comments posted on this site, and was not disappointed in my choice. We made the most of the facilities at the hotel - especially the gym. We just loved the Club Lounge, and could hardly wait till 5.30 each night when cocktails and hors d'oeuvres were served. We just loved ordering the champagne. We felt like kings! The buffet breakfast had everything you could want, and on Friday night the seafood buffet was excellent.As the other reviewers have said, the hotel is brilliantly located. Everything is within easy reach, and often we would walk up to Orchard Road for more shopping!The room was spacious and had everything we needed. The bed was divine. The digital scales in the bathroom became quite addictive!Pre-paying directly with the hotel got us a great rate - $260 - $280 Singapore dollars per night (depending on what day of the week it was) for the suite which included the Club Lounge facilities - internet, buffet breakfast which could be taken in either the club lounge or the mediterranean restaurant, coffee/tea throughtout the day, and the evening cocktails. Fantastic value for money.We left very happy with our experience and would recommend this hotel without hesitation.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ezelkins
<Content>Interconti delight The service in this hotel was above average, the staff were very friendly and helpful.The location of the hotel is very good, near to Bugis metro station and there are several malls very close by. It is also close to a bus stop on the Singapore Airlines city bus tour route which is a handy way to view the city.The room we had was lovely and the en-suite was gorgeous, there is a gym with cardio-machines and a few free weights. The swimming pool was great as there was noboby there but we were staying out of season and the poolside bar was not open.There are several bars and restaurants on the ground floor, we ate at the Japanese restaurant which was very nice (a little over priced as you would expect) and we were there just before they closed so the waiting staff were perhaps a little more attentive than was comfortable! We had breakfast at the Mediterannean cafe which was also very nice (loved the hot chocolate), but we really should have been eating noodles...!I would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay there again on a future visit.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of my favourites. I;ve been travelling to Singapore for the past 8years and I Loved this hotel. The bedrooms are spacious, bright and very comfortable beds. The pool is ok, if not a bit on the small side. A great base for sightseeing and shopping. If you're into shopping have a look in Bugis Junction adjoining the hotel, then take the MRT (Singapore underground) to Orchard Road. Takes 5minutes and well worth a visit. Singapore Zoo nightime safari has to be a must on your list too! The staff in the hotel had great info on trips and how to get around. This hotel is great to come back to after a hard day on the wallet!!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>KL_Sue
<Content>Great Value for 5 star hotel Hotel is in great location (close to Raffles, MRT etc) and rooms are large, clean and fresh but very much standard 5 star issue. This hotel provides excellent value versus other 5 star hotels in Singapore (check out their rates!). Pool is a bit small and the gym a litte worn, but if you're looking for great comfort without style then this hotel is incredible value for money.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, Nice Bed, Air-con too cold though Booked a shophouse room with queen size bed but was not available. Had to settle for a twin bedded room. Bought my baby along, and yet they gave me a room that required me to climb down a few steps fo stairs with my stroller!, and to walk across a small bridge to the other side of the hotel with heavy doors to open! Requested for a baby cot, but only arrived after repeated requests and a few hours later. But overall, I love the bed - comfotable and nice pillows. Room is small but compact and beautiful. A bit noisy as it is a shophouse unit and faces the shopping traffic just below the room but it's ok. Air con is too cold, even after i turn it down to the lowest level. My baby got a cold after the stay for a night. Very accessible as the shops are just below the hotel, and the MRT is near by.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>SanDiegoBusyWoman
<Content>Looking forward to returning       Hotel exterior  
<Date>Dec 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Whinbrook
<Content>Elegant Choice This is a smart hotel in Bugis Junction area of Singapore, well placed for shopping and dining. There is a medium sized shopping mall attached to the hotel and an MRT station on the door step.The room we had was on the top floor so afforded a good view over the immediate area. It was very comfortable, especially the bed, if a little austere in decoration but had every amenity you could need. The bathroom was superb and the Molton Brown toiletries were the icing on the cake!The public areas are also very smart, the immediate reception a little austere like our room but it leads into a very plush and comfortable lounge area.The check-in staff could have been a little more efficient but were very friendly and nice it did not seem to matter. The hotel appeared to be contantly busy, especially with the business community.We ate in the Olive Tree restaurant which was a little tacky in decor but that evening had an exceptionally good Mediterranean style buffet which we enjoyed despite the busy noisy atmosphere. The locals clearly know a good thing when they see it for at $38 Singapore ahead it was very good value! Breakfast was taken in the same restaurant but it was so much more calm and peaceful, it was quite enjoyable.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Need I say more? I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights during my trip to Singapore. The staff are friendly upon arrival and the lobby was very grand but at the same time cosy. The Peranakan style architecture was amazing and I was upgraded to a room on the Club floors with amazing view of the city skyline and the pool. The Olive Tree restaurant has a very good choice of breakfast which includes nasi lemak, dim sum and much more exotic stuff! Yum! The room was very spacious and clean with a good internet facilties and large TV. It also had a massive bed. Not to mention that I felt in love with the bathroom plus all the fine toilettries. I actually moved to this hotel after checking into a hotel which is apparently trendy and chic but found that the location was crap. Although taxis are cheap but it's a nightmare to wave for one at peak hours! This hotel is in a good location and the shopping centre below it is fantastic for shopping (more genuine that Orchard Road which is bombarded with designer stuff!) Also the Bugis MRT is conveniently linked to the hotel and comes very handy when it rains. (as it does quite often in Sg..lol) I will not hesistate to bring my partner to stay at this hotel next year if we are in Singapore again. Luxury accomodation and good location to explore the Lion city.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Shakespeare_fan
<Content>Club level was the best part of this hotel I stayed here for 5 days in June 2004. I stayed at the Club Level. This had a private breakfast, snack, and lounge area one floor away. The service in this area was the best. The staff were extremely attentive and remembered what I ordered from the previous day.The guest room was large and very clean. The internet connection worked very well. The lobby had a strong fragrance of lemongrass -- I liked it, but others found it overpowering. Two complaints:* Singapore is prone to frequent rainstorms, sometimes with thunder and lightning. During my stay, some parts of the hotel developed leaks. This did not occur in my room, but I heard about it from others and saw some evidence of crews rushing around trying to fix the leaks. My advice -- stay at the Club Level -- it is in the high rise wing, but not on the top floor. The rooms that seemed to get the worst were in the Shophouse area and on the top floor.* Wanting a break from the oriental cuisine, I tried the Mediterranean restaurant. This was a disappointment -- it is as if nobody there had ever tasted Italian food and were blindly following some recipes. Getting taxis there was quite easy -- the taxis drive right into the paved courtyard -- this is much safer than trying to hail a taxi on the street.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sunny1234
<Content>Why do we always have to ask ?!?! Why is it, that we always have to ask for that upgrade, which is supposed to come automatically with a certain membership card? It always goes like this:Guest: Is this the upgraded room?Front Desk: Yes we gave you the club access room.Guest: I booked the club access from the start!Front Desk: Ok, here is your club access room upgraded to a suite.Guest: I booked a suite on the club level. Where is the upgrade there?We know, you are trained to save money for the hotel, but don't try too hard! It spoils the fun staying at an otherwise very pleasant hotel.Just avoid the Shophouse rooms, they are noisy and a little bit run down.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Paaltjes
<Content>Great hotel, coffeeshop menu disappointing We have lived in Singapore and have visited Singapore many times. I knew the public areas of the hotel but it was the first time that we stayed in the InterContinental. We were visiting with the whole family so I needed two double rooms. I booked this hotel because of the excellent rates. I was certainly not dissapointed. Rooms are average size but very well appointed. Level of service and cleanliness of rooms were excellent. But that is what you expect in Singapore. I had only one small disappointment. We arrived from Europe in the evening and were too tired to go out for dinner. We decided to eat in the coffeeshop and were looking forward to some regional dishes. However, there was not one local or regional item on the menu!!! By the way, breakfast in the coffeeshop was excellent.We will certainly use this hotel again, but will not have dinner in the coffeeshop.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel, good location, great japanese restaurant   showReview(3811660, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the best stays in Singapore   showReview(3481940, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MPS_PHL
<Content>Best value in Singapore!   showReview(3394106, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>I_Luv_HK
<Content>Great Hotel at an Affordable Price   showReview(3331886, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service was outstanding. Room average.   showReview(3290052, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>boybton89
<Content>Nothing excited,   showReview(3230250, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Spencertraveller
<Content>Fantastic   showReview(3020599, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TravelinDorada
<Content>Wonderful hotel, great location.   showReview(2308239, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>durbs111
<Content>impressed   showReview(2268015, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LQGuy
<Content>A nice hotel...an o.k. location   showReview(2181247, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>銈儶銈?> 銈儶銈?</a> </div>
<Content>銉勩偄銉笺仹銇伕鎶炶偄銇屻伝銇ㄣ倱銇┿仾銇勩亼銈屻仼銇娿偣銈广儭   showReview(23277091, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Future_City
<Content>MRT銈掑埄鐢ㄣ仚銈嬭Τ鍏夈伀鏈€閬?#x201d;       Exterior  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴銇岃壇銇?#x201d;   showReview(22855351, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>kuwami
<Content>璨枫亜鐗┿伀绔嬪湴鎶滅兢       銉涖儐銉仺銇倞銇儮銉笺儷銇偄銈ゃ偣銈儶銉笺儬搴?/a>  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>helen1217
<Content>鐭亜婊炲湪銇с倐銆€鑹亜鍗拌薄銇亗銇ｃ仧   showReview(20458642, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nyaoko
<Content>銇撱伄銇婂€ゆ銇犮倐銇伃锝?#x201d;   showReview(20024612, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍓层倞鍒囥仯銇︽硦銇俱倠銇伅鎮亸銇亜銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19915232, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sacurambo
<Content>Pi霉 che un hotel 猫 un palazzo reale       bagno  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫儳銉冦償銉炽偘銉昏Τ鍏夈伀渚垮埄銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19170516, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浜ら€氥伀渚垮埄銆併亱銇ら潤銇嬨仾銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19169232, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉氥儵銉娿偒銉筹紙銉愩儛銉嬨儳銉嬨儯锛夈仺銈炽儹銉嬨偄銉寮忋伄铻嶅悎   showReview(19168550, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇倱銇炽倞銇с亶銇俱仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19166564, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠忋伄椤斻倐锛撳害锛堬紵锛夈伨銇?#x201d;   showReview(19165175, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏂板鏃呰銇硦銇俱倞銇俱仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19164109, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇仼銇с仐銇熴€?#x201d;   showReview(19159371, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈汇兂銈广亴銇勩亜銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19158760, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闆板洸姘椼倐銈堛亸銆併亜銇勬劅...   showReview(21801346, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇仼婧€瓒炽伄銉涖儐銉仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19157993, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍚堟牸鐐?#x201d;   showReview(19157559, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广儐銈仾銉涖儐銉仹銇椼仧锛撅季   showReview(19156415, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婃皸銇叆銈?#x201d;   showReview(19930343, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈炽儹銉嬨偄銉   showReview(19929726, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€瀵勯銇湴涓嬮墑銇偖銉?..   showReview(19928259, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍦颁笅閴勩儢銈偣椐呰繎銇忋伄...   showReview(19923340, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫兂銈儩銉笺儷銇с亜銇ゃ倐...   showReview(19922916, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈ゃ兂銈裤兗銈炽兂銉併儘銉炽偪...   showReview(19921347, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆€銉栥偖銈归銇湡涓娿伀銇?..   showReview(19920043, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浣曞害銈傛硦銇俱仯銇熴亰姘椼伀...   showReview(19919930, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉ソ銇嶃伄绉併仹銇欍亴...   showReview(19918312, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 16, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠婂勾銇紥鏈堟湯銇紨閫ｆ硦...   showReview(19917770, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫兂銈儩銉笺儷鐙壒銇偡...   showReview(19916141, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

