<Author>Exptrav
<Content>Not Recommended I went on a five-city tour of Italy and stayed at some of the best city hotels in the country. I decided to experiment with the self catering model at Residence Hilda for the first time, and am sad to say that i won' t be repeating the experiment again.First, the good: a very tasteful building with nice, modern and airy rooms. rooms were more spacious than hotels, and quite stylish. staff were very friendly. Initially, we were quite excited about the place.Now, the bad: TV was tiny, and a very complex satellite setup. I never could find CNN in the 2 days i was there. Reception couldn't help either. Then, there was no hot water for half of our stay. reception didn't tell us about the problem until my wife told me there was no hot water and I checked with reception. It took half a day, all night, and the next morning to fix, so we couldn't shower when convenient. Finally, you should know about the staffing model. This hotel has 1-2 people at reception, and cleaning ladies. That's it. You are essentially on your own. When we arrived it was lunchtime so we had to call reception on the mobile and wait 15 minutes for the person to come and open up the hotel front door.Now normally I wouldn't mind the small hassles because it is a self-catering hotel, and from now on I have a better idea what to expect. But to be fair, I don't think it is acceptable to pay over E300 per night for such a barebones experience. Not having hot water and paying E300 per night, and no offer of a rebate, is not cool. I would have been much happier had this hotel been priced at E150 per night. I got much ritzier 5 star experience at Principe da Savoia in Milan for example, for about the same money as Hilda. From a relative value perspective, Hilda just doesn't make sense unless you can get a room at a significant discount to 5 star full service hotels.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>rlf_vancity
<Content>Fabulous lodging in Florence Residence Hilda was a fabulous choice in Florence - it is located about two blocks from the Duomo, a block from the Accadamia Gallery. It is an apartment hotel - so don't go expecting a lavish lobby or amenties (i.e., spa), but the service and quality of accommodations are exceptional.We had a one bedroom suite - it was beautifully designed with modern amenities, sparkling new and clean, and extremely spacious. The kitchen was extremely well equipped and we really enjoyed being able to prepare our own meals after having stocked up at the local markets. We can't say enough about this place - what a bargain.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AtlantaBigMama
<Content>Great Location and Staff was Fabulous       Looking outside our hotel window at the view  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>rodbin
<Content>Great Suite Hotel Fabulous hotel in very good position, just like having a luxury apartment. Very stylish rooms very well appointed excellent reception staff. Hotel is very well located to take in most of the attractions. Would be excellent for families but is also terrific for couples . The appointment of the rooms is very modern style and makes a complete contrast to the lavish decorations of the city and its buildings.A great way to stay in a city  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Salthillhalli
<Content>Loved Residence Hilda! Wonderful service in setting up our reservation, very helpful and responsive. Francesco gave us a warm welcome on our arrival and was so helpful with information and services such as grocery shopping, museum reservations, directions and restaurant suggestions. The rooms (apartments) are spotless, spacious and modern, a home away from home. The hotel is situated in a terrific location only a few blocks from the major attractions.There is also complimentary wireless internet (the front desk will give you a Wi-Fi card with an access code - we used this for three days).We would HIGHLY RECOMMEND Residence Hilda and will return on our next visit.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>amandaaquino
<Content>Why would you stay anywhere else? We spent three nights at the Residence Hilda in late May, and I couldn't tell you how much we loved our air conditioning in that Florence heat. BTW, air conditioning worked superb.The Hilda is very much apartment like. Although each 鈥渟uite鈥?has a kitchen, the property itself does not have a kitchen or kitchen staff. For breakfast, we had vouchers for a cafe (the o.k. caf茅? I think) across the street which was generous and delicious. The front desk is not 24 hour, although I believe there's an emergency number you can call after hours. The front desk did however perform concierge type duties, like making restaurant reservations for us, which helped a lot considering we speak little Italian. The rooms are immaculate. Huge and white and clean. And the windows are thick to keep out all the Florence street noise. We requested a iron, and they brought it up with a jug of distilled water. They think of everything.Oh, doesn鈥檛 have wifi access. Internet yes, but no wifi. That would have made the trip.Loved it!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mstarnes
<Content>Millioni Grazie! We just returned from a week at the RH and it met or exceeded all our expectations. Valentia, Francesco and Constanta wereoutstanding hosts, the location was perfect and we miss Robigglio's (amazing cafe next door) in a major way. The staff made every effort to accomodate even the smallest concern and the rooms were spacious, spotless, modern and very comfortable. They let us feel like we owned the place and we would be delighted to stay again anytime we could. My wife and 2 daughters appreciated the grocery shopping services, clothes cleaning, and reservation making assistance the hotel provided and it really was like a home away from home. Thanks again you guys!Mike Starnes, Minneapolis  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DiMo
<Content>Residence Hilda ideal for families Just returned from 2 nights at the Residence Hilda with our 14 and 16 year old children, staying in a medium size suite at around 230 Euro per night.I would agree with the comments below: we were very impressed with the quality and location, and with the friendliness of the desk staff. Breakfast can be bought from an excellent bread shop just down the road, or - for the hungrier - American (eggs, ham etc.) version is available in the cafe across the road.And in spite of everything Florence has to offer, we also enjoyed a pay-per-view Cable film with our kids at the end of one evening, all sitting on the king size bed, grown-ups sipping prosecco.Great place for families  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TaniaLondon
<Content>Perfect place to stay in Florence We spent 4 nights at Residence Hilda in Florence in January, a good time to visit. Not only is Residence Hilda a beautifully renovated appartment hotel with designer flair, it is also in the perfect location. It is only a short walking distance to the Duomo, other tourist attractions and the main shopping area, so that you can walk everywhere.The hotel itself is extremely clean, the kitchen is well-equipped and it is a wonderful place to relax after a hard day's sightseeing and shopping. Better than sitting on the edge of a bed in a cramped hotel room ! Our appartment had a large bedroom with its own TV, a sitting area with another TV, sofa bed, armchairs and a separate kitchen/diner. They had obviously given a lot of thought to what travellers want - there were lots of lovely touches, such as providing candles for a romantic evening. The staff were very helpful and friendly and the service is excellent. We had forgotten to pack a jacket and Valentina wrote us an e-mail offering to send it to us free of charge. That's what I call service. We were very impressed.Tania  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>magicbassetlab
<Content>Outstanding! We stayed at Residence HIlda for 4 nights. We were a group of 5 - my husband, mother in law, and our 2 daughters. The apt. was very spacious, composed of a large master bedroom with a TV (minimum satellite channel choices), lots of closet space, another room with a small, functional kitchen with a dining area, and one luxurious bathroom. We stayed at a Superior Apartment, and the sleeping accommodations were as follows: One queen/king bed in the master room with a twin bed; a larger twin bed (coverted from a sofa) in the kitchen area; and another twin bed in the hall to the bathroom. Although I found the accommodations a little crowded, and would have liked a 2nd bathroom, my preteen/teenage daugthers loved having twin beds, vs. sharing a bed. In fact, they said it was their favorite hotel in Italy (we also visited Rome and Venice). The room was decorated in a modern, yet sophisticated style, with beautiful wood flooring. The only negative about the room is that the acoustics were not the best...we had a family with young children above us and they kept running around pounding on the floor. The situation got so bad my husband had to go upstairs and ask them to keep it down. We still could hear them the next day, though. There was an internet connection in the room, although not wireless. The windows were pretty soundproof as we couldn't hear much coming from the street. The location was excellent - - literally 2-3 blocks from Piazza Dei Duomo, 2 blocks from L' Accademia (where you can see David) and a 10 walk to the Uffizi Gallery. Tons of shops and places to eat around. We drove from Rome and took day trips to Pisa and Siena, which we highly recommend. Overall, it was a great experience and we would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>lrnyn
<Content>Excellent Not much more to say. I'm pretty picky about hotels but this a great place in every way. I agree with the last reviewer about not wanting too many people to find out about this place. Location is pretty much next to the Accademia and not far from the Duomo. Service is great and the people working at the desk are extremely friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rtpro
<Content>charming clean hotel Just returned from our trip to Florence. We found this hotel to be all we needed for 3 people. It is clean, with wall to wall hard wood floors, sound proof windows, large modern bathroom and kitchenette which is great for late night or for early morning snacks. We will stay again on our next trip. My only concerns are that more people will find out about this hotel and booking will be difficult.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>Vagabond20
<Content>Excellent for families I have been to Florence seven times in ten years and this is the best place I have stayed (although not the most expensive). The staff are all lovely, the location is excellent and the apartments are spacious, modern, beautifully furnished and well equipped. There is a very decent little Conad supermarket 100 yards along Via dei Servi (on the left as you walk towards the Duomo) and the staff will get groceries for you before your arrival if you e-mail them a grocery list. There is also a nice cafe on the street right next door, a laundromat across the street and I can even recommend the interestingly named Isabel Vegas hair salon across the street for a stylish blow dry.You can walk to the Duomo in about three minutes and to the Piazza di Signora in less than ten. The Mercato Centrale is also less than ten minutes walk away. The food market there is well worth a visit to enjoy your self catering digs to maximum advantage!Our 2nd floor apartment had a good master bedroom and twin beds set up in the sitting room and the roomy hallway. My kids (ages 10 and 12) were comfortable and enjoyed fairly good privacy. The twin beds were much better than your average rollaway.I highly recommend Residence Hilda and I think Valentina at the front desk is particularly to be commended for her cheerfulness, excellent English and enthusiasm to see that her guests are well looked after. I look forward to returning!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lsjhk
<Content>It's nice to have a kitchen and living room The room was great with a separate bedroom and living room and kitchen on one wall of the living room. The staff went out of their way to help such as giving us bubble wrap free of charge to wrap our breakables.Location was great, a few blocks from the Cathedral.Only issues were the lack of breakfast and the hotel's policy of charging extra for daily towel change. It was explained to me that the hotel was only passing along their costs for the daily change, however one could argue that for the price (we paid 300 euros per night) they could do another load of laundry. The bakery next door was average at best, but there is another one around the corner that was a lot friendlier with better pastries.All in all I must give this hotel an excellent rating because it provided a lovely room and the staff bent over backwards to help with all questions and needs.Despite not having my American breakfast and using a towel more than once (yuck) I will definitely be staying here again.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sandgolds
<Content>Excellent apartment hotel Residence Hilda is located on a road leading directly to, and north of, Il Duomo (maybe 3-4 blocks), toward Galleria d'Accademia (where the David is). Its lobby is clean and modern, which also characterizes the hotel. Our (2 parents, an 18 yr old and a 15 yr old) suite was literally a 1 bedroom apartment more than a traditional hotel room or suite. It was furnished very nicely with contemporary designed beds, table/chairs, and other furniture. Beautiful hardwood floors. Nice bathroom, very modern faucets, etc. A couch with a good mattress and a good quality cot made up the 3rd and 4th beds. One was to the side of the kitchen, across a walkway through it (so it didn't really feel like part of the kitchen). No food included, but there's a pretty well-furnished kitchen (plates, pots, pans, utensils, glasses) and small frig.The front desk staff was very helpful, ESPECIALLY before we arrived. They offered to stock the kitchen in anticipation of our arrival. They gladly procured ticket reservations for us at Galleria and the Uffizi, at no markup or extra charge, which saved us lots of Euros, and they correctly advised that we didn't need them elsewhere. Excellent find, well located, and definitely a strong recommendation to others to stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>kwajgirl
<Content>A great deal in Florence We booked this hotel completely based upon Trip Advisor reviews and were not disappointed. We stayed there with 2 adults and a 14  16 year old in a superior suite for $300 euro a night- what a deal! The suite was spotless and the interior very nice and clean and fresh. Internet was included. There was a great bedroom for the adults and then one bed was set up in a kitchette area and another bed was set up in a hall - so both girls had there own areas and beds which worked very well- although it the set up sounds strange-it really was not at all. Frontdesk was very helpful with directions and some great restaurant recommendations. Regarding museums-we booked everything in advance and were grateful that we did- (this includes everywhere in Italy) while we never waited more than 5-10 minutes in any line- the people who did not prebook has lines that were several hours long- unbelieveable. Plan ahead!!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EPWashingtonDC
<Content>Lovely boutique hotel/apartments       View from the kitchen  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>FinNYC
<Content>RH is the Place It's tough to find quad accomodations in an old city. We found the ideal place in Florence. Residence Hilda is in a wonderful location, literally one block from the Accademia, 2 from the Duomo, and just minutes from all the other major Florence sites. RH is not a hotel, more like a boutique apartment building. Our suite had a large master bedroom, two twin beds in the hallway, and eat-in kitchen. The kitchen is good enough for simple meal preparation. They even provide salt, pepper, vinegar and olive oil. The only bad things I can say about the accomodations is that the ventilation in the bathroom was weak, and the shower has this cool looking and utterly stupid semi-partition instead of a proper curtain or door so water gets everywhere. I paid around $400/night, which is a good value considering the quality and location. Our receptionist, Valentina, was very sweet, and gave us good advice. We were there for Easter weekend, and we were pleasantly surprised to find traditional Tuscan treats waiting for us when we returned from a day of sightseeing. The hotel is close enough to the central bus/train station to walk (10-15 minutes), but I would recommend a taxi if you've got sizeable luggage or small kids.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>fussyfamily
<Content>Fantastic Place       Plaza Della Santissmia Annunziata just up from Hilda  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>neznar
<Content>Residence Hilda Florence is a great discovery Residence Hilda in Florence is a wonderful place to stay , we really had the best of both worlds all the facilities of a first class hotel but with our own apartment which was modern spacious and very clean, also the location was perfect and we cant wait to return  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>perthmember
<Content>Great place to stay! We spent three nights at Residence Hilda with our 11 year old daughter in May, and we wished we could have stayed longer. The location was fabulous: a stroll to the Duomo, yet away from the noise and the hawkers. The staff were very helpful and thoughtful, and provided some great restaurant suggestions. Their extremely detailed directions sent to us by email were a lifesaver, as we were arriving by car. Our suite was spacious and very tastefully furnished in contemporary style, with a nice large bathroom, a seperate bedroom, and a lounge/dining/kitchen area which was light and very comfortable. It was cleaned daily, including any dishes that were left out. There is a well stocked supermarket in the street which is handy for snacks if you are travelling with children, and the pastry shop downstairs is wonderful. There is a very clean laundromat opposite, again very useful for families. As we were there on the weekend, the only slight inconvenience was a little bit of street noise at night from people walking around (no traffic noise, as it is a pedestrian zone). That would be the case anywhere in central Florence, and could be dealt with by shutting windows and turning on the aircon instead. We chose not to do that ( prefering the fresh air and downtown atmosphere!) and were rewarded by the sound of early morning rain on the clay rooftops, followed by Sunday morning bellringing: magic! All in all, a very friendly, stylish and comfortable place to stay, we can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Villbilly
<Content>Lovely, on all counts. I cannot say enough good about the Residence Hilda, it's staff and location! It was our first stop in a two week visit to Italy and it was wonderful. The rooms were pristine, the staff most helpful, ( even being able to direct me to the salon across the street where Guiseppe gave me a wonderful haircut! We were able to walk to all major sites. This residence has a fully appointed kitchen where nothing has been missed. Upon checking in there was a lovely bowl of fresh fruit waiting for us. Though no breakfast was included there were two establishments to the right of the front door where a variety of breakfast pastry or quich as well as coffee could be purchased for very reasonable prices.Our travel agent booked us into the Residence Hilda sight unseen. As there was a major fashion convention in Florence finding a room at the last minute was impossible in the hotels she usually uses. This was a very fortunate find for all of us. I hope to return to Florence soon and would not stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EVS2006
<Content>Superb apartment - great for families We spent a week in Residence Hilda and loved every minute. The apartment was really stylish and had everything you need, luxury bathroom, small but fully functioning kitchen and great bedroom  living room. The location is also ideal, less than 5 mins walk from the Duomo. The staff were brilliant and extremely helpful. The apartment is cleaned every day and they even do your washing up for you!We were travelling with a 3 month old baby and the apartment was a perfect base for us. They provided a travel cot and high chair as well as some really sweet touches like a teddy bear for her and a baby sponge in the bathroom etc. It was also ideal for us a she was able to sleep in the bedroom whilst we could cook a meal and share a bottle of wine in the living room without fear of waking her.  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel in Florence The Residence Hilda is a great place to stay when you are in Florence! It is extremely clean, and having a seperate bedroom and living area is great. We stayed here with our 10 month old son, and they provided a crib and a high chair for him at no extra cost. Also, the free high speed internet connection is great! I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone seeking more than just your average hotel in Florence.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sparkling Hilda As a family of four with two teenagers we stayed here for three nights in early October. This is a great apartment alternative for a family in Florence. The apartment is very new and extremely clean and modern, with excellent amenities. It is located about two blocks north of the Duomo, just far enough out of the very large crowds in the centre of Florence. The operaters of the hotel checked with us before if we wanted any food to arrive to, and so when we arrived we had great (Italian) fresh cofee, as well as bread, croissants, milk,etc. This was a very nice touch after a long drive from Venice. The front desk acts like a hotel reception and directed us around Florence. We were a little disappointed in Florence as compared to our last visit some ten years ago it is now quite dirty and has unrelenting crowds (making it very hard to get into the wonderful galleries let alone through the main street). So book early for the galleries (6-8 weeks before) if you want to visit.Residence Hilda - thanks  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>E' stato il mio primo soggiorno...   showReview(20974935, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

