<Author>dushechka
<Content>hated grand paradise bavaro Grand Paradise Bavaro should be rated as a 0 star hotel. 5 members of our family (out of 8) got food poisoning. Lunches and dinners were annapetizing to look at, smell, and eat. Sometimes, there were no fruits offered. One day, there were no beach towels during the whole day! Next day, there were no bathroom towels.. Then, there was a constant problem with shower water: there was either luke-warm water or no water at all to take a shower! The toilets didn't flush, especially on the beach; toilet paper was a constant problem. Nothing seemed to be working. There were only two crooked ping-pong rackets for two tables: billiard table was broken. There weren't enough cards to buy internet time ($8 per hour). You needed to pay for a safety deposit, too. Horrible place! The beach and sea were good, but it wasn't a hotel's effort; they are naturally good. Don't go to this hotel. If you are food poisoned, your vacation is gone!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>1	-1	1	4	2	1	2	1	

<Author>Lancashire01
<Content>Grand paradise First time in the Dominican Republic and really looking forward to a restfull christmas break. However this was not always achieved. Firstly the service throughout our stay was appalling, except for our experience in the Manglar resturant were the service was brilliant. This only added to our disappionment as obviously the hotel staff do know how to provide good service to the holiday makers. Why could this not have been done throughtout the hotel. What would you expect on the table at breakfast ??cuterly cup and saucer! not so in this hotel. What a battle to be provided with the basics!! On a more positive note our room in the club section was faultless except what use is a television with no remote control!The beach was lovely, sand was soft and plenty of sun loungers, never had a problem getting one and the grounds very well kept. BEWARE when paying your bill ALWAYS ask to see your written bill, as there is a culture of 'add-on's' which you will not of had. I have to agree with a previous review which concludes that there are many staff involed in taking advantage of honest tourists. We were blatenly robbed of æ‹¢20 by a dishonest cashier. Fortunatly our Thomascook rep Emma was very helpful and we were reimbursed with our money. Overall we had an entertaining holiday, but this was thanks to the group of English tourists who we met and spent a very enjoyable week with, without them this holiday could of been a disaster, so a big big thankyou to them rather than the hotel staff!I wouldnt recommened this hotel unless a bargin was on offer.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>jimjams08
<Content>beware this hotel watch what you are booking when booking this hotel,there are two parts to it one of them is on the beach side looks good but the other one is appox 1mile from beach transport available,it wasnt until the last week we found out the differences between the two resorts, this was an all inclusive package,so you expect everything in the price, you have to pay 20 dollars per week for a safe in the room thats if it works, mini fridge you get 4 drinks and a big bottle of water in the package,but also in the fridge is pringles,small bottled water choc bars beer but these are not free you will get billed for these, but if you stayed at the other hotel all of this was free so why the difference? service in the restaurants was very disorganised ,having to wait 20 minutes for a cup of coffee or even for a cup,or a glass of water with your evening meal,food was undercooked . Their was approx 5 british couples at this hotel and not one of them had a good word for it,even the rooms were different ,i spoke to a very nice couple who paid more than we did and we had various things in the room which they didnt ,have, even after returning to the room after days out the room hadnt been cleaned or their had been no clean towels put in the room the thomas cook rep was only seen once at this hotel the first day,one of the couples wrote a two page complaint about what was going on at the hotel, we found out the resort we stayed at ,was a timeshare apartments for the the french last year some of the apartments had been renovated,ie fresh lick of paint , i wouldnt recommend this hotel to anybody this part of the hotel is known as the GRAND PARADISE CLUB run by a company known as AM , when the rep was approached about the service we recieved she replied their was another agent working for thomas cook ,who checked the hotels out god only knows what he was looking at ,i would rate this hotel not above 2 star  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	2	1	

<Author>CautiousOptimist
<Content>The place grows on you We just returned from a week's stay at the Grand Paradise Bavaro. While away, I decided to keep a mental list of the good, the bad and the so-so to share when I got back, so here it goes.The good - The Beach! One of the nicest beaches we've been to (compared to Cancun, Aruba, Monico, Jamaica, Myrtle Beach, Florida). The depth of the beach can't rival florida, but the sand was free of any rocks or shells and the water is a perfect color with perfect waves. Some of the resorts in Punta Cana had more beach erosion that caused a dramatic slope in the grade of the beach. Grand Paradise Bavaro's beach did not have this problem. Also, the GP had beach huts which were useful to avoid direct sunlight. Not all resorts had these or as many of them on their beaches (Tip: Get to the beach before 9am to get your hut).The other bright spot of the resort was the quality of the shows that they put on at night. The same dance crew put on different shows each night. The quality of the dancing was quite entertaining, even if the lip-synching took a little time to get used to.Finally, our kids (we had 3 families with a total of 8 kids ranging in age from 5-10), enjoyed the kids club. I attribute this mostly to the woman who runs the club. She is wonderful with the kids (Tip: There is a mini disco each night at 8:30 at the amphitheater adjacent to the main building. The kids enjoyed this).The bad - The service. I would say 1/2 the people were very nice and 1/2 the people were either disinterested or tired of tourists. Apart from the personalities of the staff, the resort itself did not seem to have the whole service concept figured out. I booked connecting rooms through a travel agent. Apparently I would have been better served calling the hotel directly to confirm the connecting room. It took a somewhat heated discussion with the manager to get the connecting room upon check in. Not a great start (Tip: try and book directly if you can. We found out that the hotel next door to us was nicer and would have been cheaper if we booked it directly. It isn't always easy to book directly with some hotels and I think this may be one of them, but check prices before going with a travel agent. There are a few middlemen involved that are all taking a cut which seems to boost your cost). Another service issue relates to clean towels. The bath towels were not always available in the morning (the made would tell us that she'd be back in the afternoon). The beach towel hut was open at 9am and seemed to sell out by 10am. After that, the person at the hut would just shake his head and say later when asked when clean beach towels would arrive. The service at the restaurants was also lacking. The main eateries at the resort are buffets (more on that in a bit). It seemed that the bus boys from the buffet served as waiters in the traditional sit down restaurants. If you ordered a drink, it may or may not show up. After asking 3 times, you are likely to finally get your thirst quenched. Now, more about the eateries. Breakfast and lunch are served at a few different buffets. Also, during a week's stay, you receive two vouchers to eat at a traditional restaurant with waiter service and a menu. The process for making a reservation at these restaurants was somewhere between painful and torture. There is one person taking reservations in person as everyone stands in line for their turn with this important woman (Tip: Give the excursion guy next to the woman taking reservations a ten spot and ask them to hook you up for the week). The line may have gone quicker if the woman wasn't also responsible for showing each potential patron the menus for each eatery. If a person was especially curious or high maintenance, the important reservation person may spend 10 minutes with one patron. When there are 40 people on a line to make reservations, you can imagine the agony of standing in a long line that doesn't move very often. (Tip: Ask the front desk for food vouchers and get yourself additional nights out of the buffet. The food gets very tiresome).The rooms were ample size but we stayed in the old section. This is closer to the beach but the rooms are dated. The rooms lack clocks or dressers for your clothes. The closet doors didn't open properly, the bathrooms were dated and the TVs are small, without remote controls (Tip: if you have small children, I suggest staying in the old section and being near the beach and food. If you are going without kids, you may want to take advantage of the newer rooms that offer more).The final bad relates to the pools. The pools were a bit cold, but more importantly, they were all the same depth (too deep for 5-10 year olds to stand in). The only alternative was the baby pool, which was not interesting to even a five year old. A pool with varying depths from 1.5 - 5 feet would have been a big improvement. Also, the jacuzzis were cold. We did go to the hotel next door to check it out and found that theirs were cold as well.The so-so: They have tennis courts, but only 4 of them and they filled up rather quickly. They have some good photographers on staff, but the packages are a bit pricey (TIp: They walk around with animals - Parrots, Monkeys, Lizards - for you to pose with. I would suggest accumulating a variety of pictures with the different animals or a variety of people you are traveling with and putting together a package. If you do it individually, you will spend $40 a clip. I suggest finding 7-9 good poses of a variety of people and asking them for a package of pictures on CD for $40. The pictures they print are not the customary size in the U.S., so if you get the CD, you can crop and print 5x7s or 8x10s when you get home).Final Tips: If you use a travel agent, use a reputable one and inquire whether they have a booth at the Punta Cana airport. Our travel agent used the local Next Tours travel agent. These local agents did not have a booth at the airport and finding our hotel transfer was almost impossible. Check when the rainy season is before booking as well. The rain there comes down pretty hard and potentially often. Prices are almost always negotiable - when booking excursions, buying jewelery (they brought in local vendors - the first price was probably 5 times too high), T shirts, hair braiding, etc. etc.I probably wouldn't go back primarily because I may be tired of the all inclusives. I just want to go to breakfast, sit down with my family and order food and a coffee. Like I said in the subject, the place grows on you. We enjoyed ourselves even with the faults. It's a beautiful beach with beautiful water, which is the main reason you go to an island.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>3	2	3	2	3	2	2	1	

<Author>woodstockboy
<Content>We were robbed!!! Twice!!! If you go here don't leave cash in your room. I accidently left my wallet on the dresser when we went for supper and when we returned there was $100 missing from it. We reported this to security which was a waste af time as I think they are involved in the theft ring. They came to the room to investigate and asked me to open my suitcase. I had it locked and had the key hid above the patio door so when I opened it the police saw where it was hidden. I had some extra cash stored inside the suitcase and the next day it was gone!!! Someone entered the room, took the key from above the door, opened the suitcase and took the money, then locked it again and put the key above the door. I wonder who that would have been??? Friends of ours had money go missing from there in-room safe. Guess who can get into them,yep, the police.  Other than that the resort is nice, beach is beautiful, food is ok but we would never go back. I realize these people are probably poor, but stealing from guests is not the answer. We travelled with Sunquest and reported the theft to their rep at the resort as well as a follow with Sunquest themselves but received no help. Very disappointing as we have travelled with them several times and never had any issues.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>2	3	4	3	3	3	1	3	

<Author>vouzoukos
<Content>food sucked The property was not bad over all. The sea was very rough , which made it difficult to swim. The food was monotonous, bland and boring. Same old food every single day. There was one day Dominican Day when a variety of food was available. The a la carte restaurants were full from the first day we arrived, so what is the point of giving us 3 a la carte tickets?Would never return to this resort.The male staff, especially the waiters and animation crew were very aggressive and womanizing - hated it -felt like meat at an open market!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	2	2	

<Author>Gavinator
<Content>Ocean View Worth the Price To wake up in the morning and hear the sound of the waves crashing against the shore and the palm trees blowing in the wind, was PRICELESS!! To not have an ocean view room may mean that you will get a room further into the complex, and further away from the beach. There is a tram that operates 24 hours a day to take you from the beach deeper into the complex. It isn't a big deal, but we sure enjoyed the convenience and the view. Some key points: All the water used for cleaning, cooking, ice cubes and for drinks is purified. Each day a 4L jug of purified (and sealed) water is put in your room. Myself, my wife, and my three-year old son were never ill. We always managed to find something to eat at the buffet, either where we were at, or we ventured further into the complex, to try their buffet. When you arrive at the hotel you are given a couple of room keys (plastic cards) and two towel cards that you present at a hut on the beach and exchange on a daily basis. Once you put your towels down on a seat (to keep it), people respect your space and don't take or move them. Treat your towels like gold, 'cause if you lose your towels or those cards, they're $20USD per towel to replace. Another recommendation would be to take a bunch of $1USD bills to tip the bartenders, waiters, and cleaners. It is not required as it is an 'All inclusive' resort, but it is appreciated by the staff and the service will reflect this. If we go back to the Dominican, we will certainly return to the Paradise Grand Bavaro!!!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sunluvinguy
<Content>Beautiful Resort I was at the the Grand Paradise Bavaro from the 14th to 21st of December. My overall experience was great. We were located in the 6000 range wich was located right infront of the beach and very close to the breakfast lunch buffet. This resort is very large and there is always alot of activities to keep you occupied. The beach in the winter season is not calm but you still can swim, just be alert of waves, and bring your own gogles, and flippers as they do not provide them unless the water is really calm. Breakfast was great the first couple of days buts its like going to the same buffet after a while you get tired of if it. There are two luch buffet one close to our room and the other one accessable by the trolly, unfortanetly we didnt find the second one till the day before we left, because the club section buffet had the best food. I didnt try all the food just because i didnt know what is was and didnt know if it would be palable. Dinners for sure where the best meals. You are given three reseverations, to restuartants on the resort. The service at these restuarants is as good as any 5star restuarant. They bring you another drink before you even finnish your food, And the food is amazing. Be for warned Nobody speaks good english, even if you want to compliment a waitor, bring a transulator book. The best part of our trip besides the amazing weather was the shows that took place everynight. Amazing dancers. My two negative points i would like to share are a couple of prostitutes and pimps that lurk around, and the locals get rooms on the weekend at it gets really roudy. But overall all I would say i had a great time and most people that were returning with us all wanted to stay. p.s. Juan was the best server and the breakfast buffet u will be sure to meet him. Bring about 50 one dollar bills for tips.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	2	4	4	

<Author>benes
<Content>Few things you need to know Planning to take your vacations at Grand Paradise Bavaro? We would like to help with our advice, as we have usually found other people's advice very helpful: Grand Paradise Bavaro is a 3 - 4 star hotel. We would give it a plus 4 for the room standard, although we heard that in other parts of the hotel the rooms were not as good as ours. The beach and the pools are excellent. Facilities are generally good. For us, there were two major problems: 1.The hygene was horrible. In the small bars near the pools and the beach they served drinks with plastic cups. These plastic cups were re-used. When the bar ran out of cups, one of the people working there ran around quickly and collected used plastic cups - in the sand, on the ground, everywhere. They were taken somewhere behind the bar and, voila, they appeared in a minute, nice and clean. I don't think there was hot water or any kind of chemicals to help disinfect them. Later we came to understand why so many people in the resort had brought mugs from home. Three out of four of us got sick with poisoning. (For the record, we have been in several other resorts, and we have got relatively strong stomachs.)2. However, the poisoning might have been from food, and not from the cups. The food was the second horror of the resort. Poor variety, and not very well cooked. Over circulated - food from previous lunch and dinner appearing next day. Except from the first day, there was no yogurt in any of the restaurants. There was very little variety of fruit. Sometimes, you couldn't even find bananas. And the choices in the buffet were very limited. At times we found it hard to convince the waiters to bring us water. It was easier to get beer, though. 3. Doctor's service was good. Unfortunately, we saw a lot of it. We wish you never have a chance to need it.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	5	2	1	4	2	

<Author>TOnutcase
<Content>Average if you have low expectations We just came back from Punta Cana on 12/26/2008. Overall impressions are as followsSkyservice : cannot blame the delay on Skyservice on the outgoing trip due to very bad weather condition. Return trip was right on time. In flight service is good. However, they will try to sell you everything from snack to bottle water.Reception: Check in and out are probably the worst experience anyone will come across staying at this Grd Paradise Resort. Front desk staffs are generally incompetent, and arrogant. It is due either to the language barrier or just plain incompetent. Note that there are two reception areas. if you are in the select area, your reception for checkin/out, safe key etc is near the gate. If you are in the beach section, your reception is is in the main lobby. If you ask anyone, they will tell you to go to the main lobby which could be frustrating.Room condition, maid services: very clean in the select area or club area. Maids were friendly and really to do their jobs well. Bring a box of Kleenex with you, the resort do not provide it. You are provided with 1 gallon of water and 4 bottles of soft drink daily free of charge. Anything else in the fridge will cost you a lot.Buffet restaurant: La Guana near the beach has more varieties than the club area. Overall the staffs are friendly, and attentive. It has different kinds of food for all kind of taste. Stay away from fresh vegetable like lettuce, etc. stuffs that requires washing. We were sick for five days at the resort and we were very careful not to drink tab water. The only things we could attribute to were the fresh vegetable and the water we drank at the restaurant. A la carte restaurant: Tried Michaelangelo, Asia and Manglar. It was all nice. Asia will cost you extra $US 10/pp.Beach restaurant: mostly fast food stuffs. It is not as clean as the others, but it is expected due to the beach location. Rest room in this restaurant is very dirty. Pool area, beach area: very good, very clean. Serving staffs are very friendly. The undertow at the beach is brutal. If you are with small children, be extremely careful with the undertow and the surf. There is a steep drop off right in front of the resort beach area.Shopping: everything on the resort is quite expensive. There is a small plaza right outside the resort where you can get things at less than half of the price the resort gift shop is charging you. Even at the plaza, you have to haggle to get a good price. I would assume you can get thing cheaper if you are going to the local area, but you have to pay for transportation to get there, and it will end up paying more. Shopping for Rum, and coffee at the airport is even more expensive than at the resort.I also noticed the tour operator LOOKEA at the resort. It is geared toward the French tourist. They provided a lot of activities at the pool and at the beach for the French. it looks like a lot of fun. The french section where the Lookea is located is the most lively of all. Sunquest has no such presence in this resort.Cell phone and internet access: It is cheaper to use in room phone for international call than using your cell phone. Cell phone signal is poor and is working on and off. Internet access is pitifully slow and is only available in the main lobby area. It will cost you $US 8.00/hour. Once it starts, you will likely loose the remaining time eventhough you LOGOUT as instructed. What it normally take you 10 minutes to do using standard US and Canadian Internet, it will take you close to an hour or more to do here.Overall experience has been average. The reception and counter staffs spoiled the goodwork that everyone else were trying to make this place good and enjoyable. I have seen training sessions that management were providing to the serving staffs, and inspection sessions for the cleaning of the rooms. They were quite rigorous. I just cannot understand why the same standard were not applied to the reception and counter staffs. You will remember the bad experiences going in and out more than the good experiences in the middle. If you want to pay for an AIl inclusive package and just want to have a clean place to stay with plenty of food to eat, do not ask any question, with nothing to do except going to the pool and the beach then this is not a bad place. However, if you need better internet service, your questions answered correctly, more professional and efficient staffs like Holiday Inn in North America, then be prepared to pay a little more and stay at the higher star rating like the RIU or Majestic (next door). I would if I am doing it all over again.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	1	4	1	

<Author>jillycMaryland
<Content>It beats prison ....or if you are a survivor.... I have been to this hotel 5 times in the last 4 years because my parents bought a time share. IT IS HORRIBLE AND HAS DECLINED SO IF YOU DON'T HAVE A TIME SHARE...DON'T BUY ONE! YOU WILL BE VERY SORRY! IF YOU ARE LOOKING TO STAY IN PUNTA CANA...DON'T STAY HERE! My husband and I have traveled to the Dominican 5 times and myself 8 times, we have stayed at the OCEAN BLUE and THE MAJESTIC and this place is HORRIBLE! THE FOOD....My mother, who never gets sick was taken to the hospital with a good case of food poisoning and I am home for five days and am STILL rushing to the bathroom like a madwoman! I usually can at least enjoy fresh fruits and veggies and salad, but here's the thing....there are NONE! A tropical island serving NO FRUIT? That's right! My stepfather asked a management member and he told us the sad truth....The Grand Paradise hired a Mexican Manager to cut costs for the hotel regarding food so all ice cream, cappuccinos, fruit, veggies and salad bar was cut to save some pesos! Sanitation has also been cut back on apparently because every 4th person was sick. I survived on french fries and rice while there and I didn't eat dinner...it was so terrible! I did lose 15 lbs on my 8 day stay. When Mom was taken to the hospital, the nurse told her that this happens alot here! She was in the hospital with several lucky tourists who also happened to be residing at the GRAND PARADISE. Because we were all constantly in the bathroom, I had to run to the reception bathroom in the morning....it smelled like a sewage dump which is a common smell throughout this resort. I consider myself to be tough and unspoiled and have stayed here a few times (my husband got so sick the first time that he will never return) with my parents and put up with the less than savory food and sanitation, but will no more. It is just so bad! I did see people having melt downs at the reception desk because the Dominicans like the words No and Not Possible!. Mom stopped a friend from buying a time share and she was most grateful for that. They will tell you anything to get you to buy. They told a Canadian family who bought a time share that the WHOLE FLOOR (not just a suite) was theirs when they came so they brought 31 members of their family for Christmas and GUESS WHAT....no floor was available....I was leaving reception after checking in watching this sad saga unfold and seeing 31 sad people. My advice is to stay next door at the MAJESTIC or an hour's walk down the beach at the OCEAN BLUE. This place is NASTY, DIRTY, and will make you sick.......  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	4	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>HurfordCorrigan
<Content>What a hoilday!!       beach area outside the beach bar  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Penelope1970
<Content>No worries!!! My 20 year old son and myself traveled with Sunwing to this hotel and are hard-pressed to find anything to complain about.My motto is, *travel cheap, *keep your expectations low *appreciate the basics (being in a tropical climate with all the drinks and food at your disposal)and you will never be disappointed.This is a solid 4 star. I have traveled to many places, some all inclusive, some not and I was completely satisfied with this resort and their services.I've been to Cuba several times and the D.R. twice before this and I may never go back to Cuba after seeing the beaches of Punta Cana and reliving how outgoing the people are.The most important thing to know about this resort is that there is a Club section and you probably don't want to be in it. It's not that it is inferior in services or anything, it's just too far set away from the main action...ie; the beach. Yes the train/trolley takes you around but it suck if you just want to make a quick trip to your room for that forgotten item.Rooms: We stayed in building 5 and got positioned close to the beach as we had asked. The rooms are fine, tiled, clean enough, the beds aren't very comfortable but I haven't been to a resort that had great mattresses anywhere. The air conditioning was very effective (so much so that I had to turn it off/down several times). No the maid does not change your sheets everyday but who the hell does change their sheets everyday?The only thing I would say negative about the rooms is that they are noisy. If you're a light sleeper you may want to ask for a room on an upper floor to avoid all the traffic of people.Service:If I hear about one more person on here complaining about the service they received at a BUFFET I'm going to scream. Man, it's a buffet with 100 people around you and if you don't get your beer or water brought to you until you are half done eating, track someone down and politely ask for it before you grab your food, problem solved. And if there's no silverware on the table you chose take it off another table. In estimation there is about 25 people for every buffet server there, I think they did a fabulous job keeping up.Service at the pool bar was different. The bartenders were ok but they had no cuing system in place so if you are the polite english/french speaking I'll wait my turn type (which I am), you may get very thirsty. Instead of subjecting myself to the frustration, I picked up my thermal mug (which not only saves extra trips to the bar,but also conserves the environment), and headed to the beach bar instead where people lined up politely for their turn and never had a problem after.Tours: If you book through your rep you can pay with a credit card.Dune Buggie: Loved it! This is so much fun if you like/don't mind getting dirty. $69 USD but you have to be 2 in the buggy otherwise the single price was around $89USD. Make sure to bring/wear your bathing suit for the stop at Macao beach and eat before you go cuz there's no food on this one.Marinararium: $89USD Lots of fun. the staff is super energetic and get everyone involved. Swimming with the sharks and stingrays is something that I will never forget. We got a real windy day which made visibility poor but there was not mistaking the sharks or stingrays.Jeep Safari: Great day, lots of drinking if you want, lots of great local info. Be prepared though it's a good 7 hours or so. $79USD. Go to the dollar store before you leave and bring a bag of school supplies for the stop at the elementary school. If you discretely give it to the teacher he'll ensure fair distribution to the kids that need it most.Shopping: If you intend to buy local things when you are there you can trade stuff from home. Things to bring that they will like:1-DUCT TAPE, I got 10 good vanilla cigars(value $20USD) for a good roll of duct tape,a $1 baby blanket that I bought at the dollarama and some new women's summer sandals shoes that I had never worn.2-mp3 players of the cheapest variety here (I had one that I payed 35 dollars for and was told that they cannot buy them for under 100USD locally. Just remember to load it up with music and bring the charger and accessories.3-children's clothing. If you watch for end of season sales at a walmart or something you could trade very well. I wouldn't attempt to trade used clothing, but you never know.4-I found a pair of children's shoes that light up on sale for 5 dollars and ended up with a bottle of rum and some more cigars for it.Bring USD. I calculated what it would have cost to take canadian and transfer it to pesos when there vs converting the Canadian to US at my bank and then converting the US to pesos while there and you came out ahead converting to US before leaving. That said, offer the vendor Canadian money first, many shops I went to named there price and then said Canadian, US, whatever so keep some canadian currency handy as well. You never have to use a peso the entire time you're there if you have USD.The Beach: Amazing. Very windy all the time.Bring a watch, there are no clocks anywhere on this resort.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>cinderhamilton
<Content>"i really really tried!" I hate to say this but...i read all the bad reviews and figured people just love to complain and you need to make the best of any situation, well...most of the complaints were spot on! we flew out with skyservice which going in we new it would be a cramped ride and that it was. The Punta Cana airport service and shuttle was good no problems. We arrived at the hotel around midnight (roughly) everything seem to be fine the line up was not bad there were three staff at the reception and we were given fruit punch only half the people, they ran out. when it was my turn there seem to be confusion right away, the man helping me needed advice from the other 2 they were speaking spanish so i could not understand, after 25min the man pointed over my shoulder and said wait over there he will take you to another reception, well...the man over there was loading luggage and people. i said i need a ride to the other reception he asked me to wait well..was i in for a wait! i had my 2 small children with me 4 and 6 they were already wiped out but... it was the time we booked. after every one was taken to there rooms we were the only people left, he took off in his golf cart and said he would be right back well...2hrs later!!! its now 2:30am kids are crying rolling on the ground the guy finally comes back, thinking hes going to take us to the other reception, not... he starts loading luggage! i said sir can you please take us to the other reception we have no room! he said no!! not until the luggage is brought to the rooms i thought i would break his neck! i had to raise my voice and beg him to take us he still said no, another staff member was trying to get him to take us, after about 30min of arguing he said get on. and then burried us in luggage i thought my husband was going to kill this guy! he then took us a short distance down the way and said get off! a train will take you the rest of the way! the [--] would not even take us the whole way! so there we were again waiting! not long after a train came and finally took us to reception at 330am If only from the beginning someone said take the train that would have made things ALOT easier we waisted over 3hrs. we had no idea we could have just taken the train. again they just seem to have the attitude who cares Check in was o.k there were other guests there complaing about there rooms or other problems they were having. 430am we hit the sack. We were on the beach side which i liked close to everything. beach was beautiful water was fun for adults but my kids were way to small to handle the rough water which was disapointing but we had fun anyway. Our second day there tuesday night we went to dinner it was just ok not terrible i had red wine with my dinner which they kept full and i kept sipping before i new it i was tipsy!!! my own doing but, i was violently ill that night the worst sick i have ever expierenced in my whole life i was praying to the gods for it to stop! so that was it for drinking i did have a couple near the end of the week, but quickly stopped way to strong! the first a la carte dinners we ate at was the sea food which we did not enjoy. The next was the international, that was very good.. service excellent we walked out of there very happy. Michalangelos ( Italian) we thought was good until that night my 6 yr old daughter spent the whole night throwing up and i was sick and spent all of time in the washroom im still not feeling well and its 4days later. the next day which was our last day we had to be out of our room for 1:00 and our bus to the airport picked us up for 7:00pm we payed $50 american ($10 an hour) to stay in our room until 5:00 so we could enjoy the day at the beach. We got back to our room around 4:00 to shower ect.. and the room was not clean no towels i used those to clean the floors from my daughter the night before. i found house keeping and asked for 2 towels for the 4 of us so we could shower before we went on the plane, this was also a nightmare! they first said they did not understand me which is common in this place, 2nd they told me no, i begged.. once again, my daughter was with me we are in our bathing suits clearly just comming from the beach. the house keeper than hands me 1 floormat and shrugs her shoulders. i refused, i then found the supervisor of housekeeping im assuming, she was wearing white and had a walky talky. after an hour and a half she came back with one towel. these seem like small things but can make for a frustrating time. i have allready wriiten a story book here, but the list goes on. Our expierance with this vacation will not bring us back to the Dominican, we hear Cuba and the people are alot nicer. I dont know what has changed this is are second visit to the Dominican and we had a great time the first. the staff spoke better english and seemed to be in better spirits. I do understand they have a different lifestyle then us, and the pace is different but... that dose not make an exuse for the poor service. I just felt SOME of the staff thought of us as ungratefull and spoiled people, and that reflected on how they treated us.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>jbizou
<Content>Will not recomand We departed on Dec 6 from Toronto with Skyservice 5g 5060 the fleet was ok excepted the food not the best Arrived at Punta Cana airport not to bad for the airport serviceArrived at the Hotel at around 12.00 only 1 clerk at the reception for about 20 persons The room was very clean section 7In the morning we when to the restaurant buffet not very much choice for the breakfast (like every morning) the same food every morning and the diner is the same thing not much choiceFor the super it is almost the same choice no choiceWe went to a la carte restaurant (International and only 3 choice on the menu the food was goodWe went a la carte the Steak very good excepted 3 choice again The beach was very nice.The Seafood his the same thing only 3 choice and they don't have Langoustine or CrabThe service was not very good for 4 * hotel in generalI will not go back to this hotel2 years ago i went to tThe Natural Park Resort and compare with this hotel his better for the same price  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	2	2	2	

<Author>jdebord18
<Content>The Worst Vacation I've ever had. The service at the hotel was terrible. No one was able to help any of us with the issues we had. My family was upset and uncomfortable throughout the entire stay. The hotel is not as nice as it looks more like old and beat up. I would not recommend this place to anyone, not even the entertainment was good. My father decided he didnt want to go back to the Dominican Republic after this trip and for the last 5 years we've been going every summer. Only that we visit different hotels every year. I finally convinced him that we could just go back to the ones we went previously. The name Grand Paradise is nothing like its name, it's the complete opposite. Just to add to it, they ended up charging us extra money, and extra $500 and to this date they have yet to refund the money to us. We've called and thye just keep telling us that it takes time, that they processed the payment, its been almost 5 months. So ontop of it all they are thiefs.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	2	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>KeelyAaron
<Content>Grand Paradise Bavaro totally ruined our honeymoon We departed on Dec 6 from Toronto after a 2 hour delay and then had to be de-iced which took close to another hour. The flight was ok - Skyservice really doesn't give you too many luxury's. We arrived at the airport and had to wait in line to have our photo taken for a souvenier which we though was overkill at that point considering we had been travelling for about 8 hours. Airport staff were very friendly and brought our bags to the bus. Bus ride was good. Arrived at resort which looked completely desolate. We were trying to explain to the front desk staff that we were on our honeymoon and wanted a king size room but they didn't listen and didn't even ask for our travel voucher. We were given a double room in building 7 - Select section. This was a decent room. We tried to find food that night around midnight. Absolutely NO ONE helped us!!! It was rediculous. Finally after finding the 24 hour sports bar we were offered some popcorn and ham and cheese sandwich that was who knows how old. Good thing we packed some pringles in our luggage or we would be very hungry all night. Overall the food was horrible! I survived on omelettes, french fries and pasta. I found the selection to be very european, desserts were all made with custard, the pastries that I did try were very tasteless. The a la cartes that we went to were horrible except the italian place. Good food but stingy on helpings. I ordered ravioli and there were only 6 pieces on my plate. My husband who will eat pretty much anything was even complaining that the food was gross.Drinks were way too strong even when you asked for them to be weaker they didn't listen. Bars were decent. Bar staff was always friendly and most spoke english.We went on an excursion called Tropical Storm! It was so awful that we complained to the Sunquest rep and got 1/2 our money back. The didn't do half of the things outlined in the brochure and to top it all off the staff sold drugs to one of the other travellers on our bus and then the drive was smoking a joint on the way back to the resort! We couldn't believe it.The beach was fantastic - best part of our trip...lots of chairs and huts to sit under. Very clean water - no seaweed. We spotted fish swimming in the waves. The stretch of beach is huge and you can walk forever, taking a look at the other resorts along the way. My only complaint about the beach in on our last day I found a syringe (without the needle thankfully) on the beach. Don't know where it came from but that was pretty scary to find.Our biggest complaint for the entire week was the day we were leaving. Saturday's at Grand Paradise Bavaro seem to be a free for all with the locals. We were amazed at how many people showed up. They come by the bus-full! We couldn't get a seat at the beach, on the tram, or at the bar. Couldn't find a beach towel in the whole resort. They were everywhere and they are rude to the point of almost barbaric! We had to check out at 1pm but our bus didn't arrive until 6 so we were told there was a courtesy room for us to shower and clean up before we left - NO SUCH LUCK!!!!! If I hadn't have raised my voice and caused a stink we would have had to travel covered in sand and salt water. They allowed us to shower in a room in another section which was a horrible room. Ugly ripped bed spread, cracks in walls, no fan, horrible horrible room. We were told that there were no towels (again because of the [--] locals) and had to dry ourselves off with a bathmat!We are trying to put forth a formal complaint with Sunquest. There is NO WAY this hotel is a 4 star...not even a 2 star. We had read reviews and some were good, some bad, so we went with an open mind to make the best of what we were given. We really tried but this resort was just horrible. I don't even want to go back to Dominican because of it!  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>1	2	4	3	2	1	1	4	

<Author>Lise_from_Barrie
<Content>Amazing beach       Spa  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>LorraineBarrie
<Content>Don't Go unless you have a strong stomach and Immodium!! I'll keep it short.Check in was O.K. The rooms are very sparse with no clock, night stand lights but they are clean. If you stay in the club section it has nicer rooms but it's a walk to the beach. We stayed in block 6 so it was steps to the pool and beach.Tons to do if you have kids..there is alot of activities and the Beach is really beautiful. You can walk for hours on the Beach.The resort is huge and the gardens are well maintained. The service is not like Cuba or Jamaica, some barely acknowlege you for service and that's with tipping.We were sick most of the time. We don't know if it was the food , the handling of the food??? so we didn't get to really drink. The beer was bad draft and the drinks were very ruff like they had a barrel of raw alcohol somewhere. We lost 3 days just with stomach problems which left us stuck in the room. Everyone we spoke with had the same problems and everyone had their own suggestions as what it could be???. We would not return for that reason. My system has yet settled. Definately didn't get our $$ worth of drinks or a la cartes. We only made it out one night which is not like us..we are usually out every night..Air Transat was another story..short story is there was a 3.5 hour delay leaving...plane turned back around to Punta Cana after .5 for engine problems to have all firetrucks meet our landing on the runway. They left us locked on the plane for another 3hrs..long story..bad experience.We plan on spending our $$ Jamaica Negril never again in the Dominican...  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	1	2	

<Author>SPARKPLUG3165
<Content>Loved the Grand Paradise My husband I took our daughter and son in law as a XMAS gift to the Grand Paradise Bavaro resort in Punta Cana November 30, 2008 - December 10, 2008. It was one of the best vacations we have had and we travel every year to an island. The hotel itself was clean, comfortable and the staff was very accommodating from the bell boy to the maid. From the moment we checked in with the front desk staff, Jose, Carlos and Luis until the time we left, we enjoyed the relaxation and comfort. The staff held activities daily from volley ball to dance and were very polite and fun to work with. The food was excellent and the different restaurants gave you a perspective of each. We enjoyed the vacation so much that we bought weeks with RCI to go again.Sandi and Jim Holmes, Methuen, Mass.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cathlaur
<Content>Great Vacation Definitly a 4 Star Hello allWe went to the Grand Paradise on November 28th and returned on December 5th. There were 14 of us in our group. We got a great deal and were beginning to wonder about some of the bad reviews. So we went wondering what our trip would be like. We had a fantastic time. We stayed in the Select section which is in the middle of the resort and is the newest part. I must admit the SELECT front lobby was a little disapointing compared to the other resorts we had dropped people off at, but we were never there so that was okay. Our room was clean, we had 2 double beds, flat screen t.v, nice washroom. It was more than adequate. We were in building 9 facing the pool. We had everything we needed. The room was clean , the pools were big and never crowded, the beach is AMAZING. BUT there is not a resort along that stretch of the beach who cannot brag about the Beach. Bavaro is a special place. There was lots of food though it was not always the best ( not bad just not great) It lacked a good salad bar, more fish and more fruit . I have been to resorts with better food. But I always found something to eat so that was no problem. The bread is amazing. The drinks were plentiful. The staff at the resort were really nice and were helpful. We are good tippers so I think that really helped. Remember these people make very little money so tipping them is a huge deal. It also helped our service. There is a trolly running throughout the resort. It is always going so that was easy to take. We walked a lot and never seemed to mind doing that. The walk was 5 mins at most. After all the food and booze it was welcomed. All in all for $616 taxes in. I cannot complain. Our group had a great time and enjoyed our week away from the snow. The cold sure hit us as we landed in Toronto late in the morning. It has not stopped snowing since we got home. I miss Punta Cana.So if you booked this resort. Enjoy.Katie  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>laneburyta
<Content>Amazing Resort, Friend staff and people We travel to the Grand Paradise Bavaro on November 22 for 2 weeks and returned on December 6. There were 8 people in our party and everyone had a great time with no complaints. There were 2 women and 7 guys, and our ages range from 25 to 35. And yes, we have been to other 3, 4, and 5 star resorts, so we do have something to compare it to. We stayed in the beach section of the resort. We arrived late and were greeted with a friendly and very helpful front desk. We were originally in build 5 on the 3rd floor, and the room was great, not a problem with it. We did ask to be changed to a ground floor room as we preferred not to have to walk up the stairs everyday. Our room was changed the following day without any problems and we were in building 3 now on the ground floor, Room 3105. It was a great room, AC was cold enough, the fridge worked great and hot showers all the time. Our maid was perfect and always did a great job on cleaning our room and restock our mini fridge when needed. The food was excellent. We ate dinner at the buffet every night as we seen no need to go to an ala carte. There was a good selection of food available at the buffet, including meats, veggies, potatos, a pasta station, pizza, soups, and others. Several of our group did go to ala cartes during the second week and they seem to really enjoy them also. For lunch we mainly ate at the beach Grille, which was great. Quick foods, like pasta, pizza, french fries, chicken, hot dogs, hamburgers, salads, and deli meats were all available. As for breakfast, I can't really comment as I never made it to breakfast enought times, but the 2 times I did go, I enjoyed the pancakes and french toast. As for late night snacks, the beach grille serves the same stuff they do during the day, at night after the ala carte closes there and remains open till about 2am. You can also get popcorn in the 24hr/sports bar and ham and cheese sandwiches if you ask the friendly bartenders.As for the bars and bartenders. They were all really friendly and trying there best to serve all the people there as quickly as possible. I am pretty sure we visited every bar there and always got are drink made with a friendly smile. The boat bar is a nice little touch and we always went there after dinner for a cold corona or MGD (only 3 bucks) and together with all our friends that we brought with us and met down there to get ready for the night.The disco and sports bar along with the beach bar/grille was were most of the fun would take place at night. The disco would play pretty much and song that you would request and was pretty busy most nights. The 24hr/sports bar had 3 fooseball tables, 2 pool tables and 2 plasma screen to enjoy to RR away from your vacation. The beach bar/grille was a great place to go and enjoy a late night drink and sit in a quiet enviroment.As for the walk between the beach section and the Club section. It honestly only would take like 5 minutes to walk it if you missed the train. And I am sure a little walking might be good for you on vacation anyways. The train runs constantly up to 2am and if you ride it from the one end of the resort (the french section) to the far end of the beach section (stops at the beach grille), it takes 15 minutes to do the round trip. So only 7 minutes one way, and like I said you can walk it in that time.The beach and ocean really doesn't need to be commented on, as they are absolutely beautiful. So I will leave it at that. The pools, yes there is 4 pools (2 at the beach, 1 at the club, 1 at the french section), and they are great. They are cleaned every night along with all the jacuzzi and kids pools. There are plenty of room around the pools to soak up the sun and the pools are large enough to play around in.We all do believe that a vacation is what you make it, and we go prepared to have fun and try to even put smiles on other vacationers faces. Yes if you were there during the time we were, we were the ones with the hockey helmet toques, mullets wigs, 60 inch beach ball, santa and elf suits, and a few other things. We sure did enjoy ourselves and hope that everybody else did too.If you have any questions or would like to see some pictures of the resort, feel free to contact me atlane_buryta@hotmail.comand I will do my best to answer any questions you have.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>louella_8
<Content>Impeccable service and beautiful beach We just returned from a fabulous week at the Grand Paradise Bavaro. We stayed in rooms 9137 and 9139, which was an ideal central location. Even though we could have taken the little trolley back and forth to the buffet and beach (as the stop was directly outside the 9000 block of rooms), we almost always walked, as the walk was so pleasant and we enjoyed the inevitable encounters with a few friendly staff along the way. We found the service to be a wonderful combination of warmth, friendly, and professional. The employees certainly work very hard. The maid service was excellent; the rooms were very clean Within a few days, the waiters knew that we would likely order a Presidente beer at lunch, and that we liked our coffee with brandy at night. We barely had to ask, once we had been seated. It seems to me that this kind of special treatment and care is given to everyone. The beach is amazing. Fantastic for swimming. We had our own snorkels, but there is no snorkeling to be had at this beach. So we relaxed, read, and swam. Wonderful. The girls went para-sailing, and thoroughly enjoyed it ($85 for 2 people for 10 minutes). They thought it was definitely worth the money. We all went on the Outback Safari day trip ($90 a person; it is better to pay cash, but we couldn't, so the VISA gets charged in euros, ouch). We had an extraordinary guide, who gave us a lot of valuable history, and insight into the culture and economy. It was very sad to see the throngs of mostly illegal Haitian hopefuls waiting for work, at one point along the way. As my husband and I are teachers, we were a little disappointed that we couldn't actually visit the school, but it totally makes sense that that would be quite disruptive to their learning. We were able to just leave the clothes and pencils with the Outback guide, which is best for the distribution process amongst their 8 schools. I bought a few things along the way, like coconut oil and vanilla and coffee...I thought I was supporting the local grower, but I realized later that it was way over-priced compared to what the beach and resort vendors will sell it to you for. Be wary of that. The last stop of the day was at Macaa Beach for boogie-boarding; that was so much fun because it is a completely undeveloped beach with big waves. A blast!  The food was fantastic. Buffets were great. We had 3 a la cartes, and enjoyed them all. The chicken, the pasta, and the fruit was consistently excellent, but we tried to sample as much variety of food as we could.  We saw one very good show in the evening, but found that there wasn't a lot going on otherwise that interested us at night. That was fine though, as we lingered long over our meals, and liked to get up early for a full day in the sun, so the night life wasn't the big attraction for us anyways.Tips: a) My bank teller told me to take 50 one-dollar bills, to tip. I am so glad we had those, as we used them all, and it was important to do. Although quite honestly, whether we tipped or not made no difference to the excellent service that we received.b) Women should have a two-piece bathing suit; no one wears a one-peice no matter how their body is shaped or how old they are. A two piece in that kind of heat just makes way more sense. c) Take duct-tape to seal any bottles that you buy (i.e. coconut oil, vanilla, etc). The seals are not good (typical, I believe, for developing countries)d) The girls wished they had a watch, as they never knew how long they were sleeping in. They only made it up for 2 breakfasts!e) Best to carry $US cash including for the excursions.f) The market just outside of the resort is full of very aggressive vendors, so if your stomach doesn't like that, stay away. That was the only unpleasant part of our holiday, which I wouldn't do again (even a half hour was too much)g) For the maid, I had taken zip-lock bags, with a prepared note saying Este regalo es para la camarera that I put in the bag each day, along with a tip, a Canadian souvenir, and some perfumed products. That was a lot of fun for me to do, and I especially appreciated meeting and talking with Brigid, our maid, (with my handy Spanish-English dictionary always with me). None of us in our party could speak Spanish, but it was important for us to try to communicate in Spanish with her and the other employees.h) They tell us that the pure coconut oil provides the best tan and is best for the skin. Easily accessible there.i) We had brought a few Canadian hats, deck of cards, etc. that we gave to some special servers near the end of our stay. We were really glad to have those to give away. One server (Juan) pulled out a Canadian watch, key chain, pen, lanyard, and lapel pins, and proudly showed them to us. It appears they love the Canadians, and that the Canadians love them. j) We had brought four big bags of cheezies, chips, etc, with us, because we heard that the mini-bar was really expensive. We were glad to have those for that little bed-time snack. We would have been fine without them too. We didn't touch the mini-bar though. I would not hesitate to stay at this resort again, though I think there is much to experience in the world, and am not inclined to return to any holiday destination twice. I learned not to ask other holidayers what they thought of the resort, as they tend to just compare this and that and this and that with their other resort experiences. To me, those kind of comparisons serve no valuable purpose. I think being in any resort is a privileged experience, and worth enjoying fully just for what it is in the moment that you are in it. My travel agent said before we left Go with a sense of humor...you are in a developing country. Its good advice. We loved our holiday at the Grand Paradise Bavaro.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ShellzToronto
<Content>Don't let the Reviews Scare You!!       The Beach  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>16shelley
<Content>we all have expections good or bad, your in the dominican republic! The sun is warm, the ocean is amazing! Yes this resort could have better food, better service, better rooms ! But if your looking for the best vacation ever its all in how high your expectations are. If you pay for a 3 or 4 star your going to get that! If you want a resort with perfection , your going to have to pay for it! We have been to all 3, 4, and 5 star resorts and can say it all comes to money!! Never the less , we enjoyed each vacation because we knew what we had paid for! Yes this isn't the best of the best resort but you can make it the best of the best vacation if you choose too!! If your going to this resort anytime soon, think about all the people who don't even get to experiece what your going to experiece and put a smile on your face, the people in the dominican love people who smile, so go and have fun and enjoy your holiday! Any remember what you paid !  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	5	4	2	3	

<Author>RepeatTravelers
<Content>Had a great time! We had a great time and spent two weeks here. The resort and our room were clean. The beach was beautiful. We even snorkeled right at our resorts beach. There were three pool areas that we enjoyed. The food was good. The entertainment was average. The staff were polite; however, we felt that on the weekends the resort was taken over by the locals and the staff, food, music and activities were catered to them. Be warned that they literally take over the pool, bars, activities..... All in all a great trip, if you are looking for above average all inclusive this is a good choice. If you are looking for five star keep looking.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>LuvthebeachHamilton
<Content>Give me a Break! This place is GREAT! My family 12 in total ages from 9mos., 3, 5, 11, 13, 15, 17 and 5 adults so a variety of ages, we spent one week at the Grand Paradise Bavaro and must say that this is a wonderful resort. I thought after reading all the bad reviews what have I got myself into. Let me tell the reviews are so off the wall. Come on Sand in your room, this is a Beach Resort. if you don't want Sand in your Room then don't go to a Beach Resort sand sticks to you! I have come to the conclusion People will find anything to complain about. The fridge in your room is stocked with stuff, note they will charge you for this stuff, but you do get everyday 4 complementry pops or whatever you drink of them replace no charge and the large jug of water is yours no charge.We went with Sunquest and stayed in the Club Section it is in two parts the Buffet is between both sections. The rooms are huge and very comfortable. We had a leak in the washroom ceiling my grandaughter informed them of it and it was repaired ASAP. We had a Flat Screen TV first time I have seen this at a resort. no converter so what I have to get up and turn on a TV. The walk from my section to the main lobby was only about 5mins. I was in section 9108, I enjoyed the walk, it sure helped to wear off all I was eating.The Main section of this resort has your a-la-carte's, disco,buffet, sports bar, snackbar by the beach, excerise rm. Gift shop, cigar store and jewelry shop. Upstairs is a lounge bar and all the tour guides and info on your flights.Huge pool in the main section and the Beach which is fabulous. The waves are so much fun the teenagers love it did lots of body surfing if you have a boogie board bring it here.I really enjoyed the variety I could go to the main pool or the pool in my section or the other section of Sunquest. The pools never felt to packed (3 of them) all have pool bars.The food at the buffet is fine all kinds of different things to eat, the biggest lineups were at the pasta section. You will not and cannot go hungry here. The Snack bar at the beach has hamburgers, hotdogs, chicken, pork, fries and pizza.I found the staff to be great at this resort my card wouldn't work one day and they went out of there way to get me into my room.Lots to do on the Resort, they have minature golf, archery, tennis court, batminton, (pool tables in main and sunquest section). Just outside the front of the resort is a Market area lots of items to buy but be aware they will bug you. We found out about this in the middle of our vacation from others. They wanted $245. for a big painting and we got them down to $25. so bargain hard with them. One vendor wanted $25. for a baseball, I told him they are 4 bucks in Canada. One vendor said to me come on in and RIP ME OFF. Yes to funny I told him. who's rippin' who off.This Resort is well landscape and is beautiful to look at. I really have no complaints just that the areas around the pool get very slippery when wet so be carefull walking. The European tourist have to be the Rudest People I have ever meet.All I can tell you is I enjoyed this Resort and would go again. I will say again, if you are going to complain about small things then it is time you stopped travelling and only go to the Hilton or Trump's. start paying Big Money for your vacation I will stick to the under a thousand. This only cost $696. well worth it. No regrets here.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>buzz32
<Content>disonest employies 2 big disapointments.1. Drunk vacationers at the pool  beach with glass bottles of booze. So drunk that a fight started and one girl fell (drunk)  hit her head. Staff did nothing to stop the drunkeness or remove the glass bottles.2. Dishonest maid. Stole my cell phone from my room and made $375.00 worth of calls before I found the phone missing. I called the phone 2x and both times a spanish speaking woman answered and then hung up. I have the phone records and feel the hotel should follow-up. First time I have had something stolen from my room in all my travels.So be warry of this resort.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	1	3	1	2	

<Author>tavares_76
<Content>Loved it.........       garden in front of lobby  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>AndreMatos
<Content>We will never come back and you should not waste your time and money there - First of everything: this hotel should be 2 to 21/2. Never 4, 41/2 or even 5 as they claim. Old hotel with old rooms.- Food average: Buffet were better than the ala-cart. Actually, the food in the ala-cart was terrible. (Note: Cuba is not like this)- Service: very bad. They just don't care for us. Why? We had already payed and stocked there for 7 days with no other place to go, so why care? (Note: Cuba is not like this)- I couldn't leave my wife for 5 minutes. Too much harassment and too little respect and privacy. (Note: Cuba is not like this)- They try to sell their club advantage every time you cross with someone from the hotel club advantage (they are every where). We went to rest and have fun, not to buy anything. Offer one time and if you don't want they should respect. They don't do this. (Note: Cuba is not like this)We visit another resort Paradisus Punta Cana Resort (Sol Melia), that is away better and money worth.Advise: When traveling to caribe:1st) Never stay in a resort that belongs to the local government or local business. Choose one that is international like Sol Melia, Sandals, Club Med, etc.2nd) Don't be cheep. You get what you pay for.3rd) Read many and many reviews although people react different and they go in different periods in the year. Summer sometimes is good in some locations and bad in others.4th) Length: 4 to 5 days is the best. You never get boring and it is not too long if the place is not good or you are not enjoying the place.5th) When buying from Expedia (or other agencies), ask how many people are going to the same resort as you. You don't want to be the only one and everybody else in another resort. It looks like you could be making a bad decision.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	2	2	2	1	1	

<Author>Mucha79
<Content>Paradise on earth but not in luxury- not for a fussy traveller at all.       hotel beach  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	5	4	1	1	3	

<Author>carlitosway33309
<Content>Don't hesitate........book yourself as soon as you can-It a wonderful resort My wife, my 2 daughters (5  3 years old) and myself had one of the best vacations ever. we are planning to come back to Punta Cana again, and stay again at this wonderful resort. It's non-expensive, people are friendly, rooms are comfortable, food is awesome (too much and many options) lots of pools and specially, if you are a beach fun, you can miss that.Kids friendly (kids pool next to facilities)......I will recomend this resort to everyone. Before we went to Punta Cana and stayed at this resort, we were reading a lot of BAD comments about the property but we decided to go. I believe that we mad the right selection, for the price that we paid for (around $500 for the 4 of us, including meals, room, tips.....what else do you want.Ocanview rooms are very comfortable and you also have a train, to go from one end to the other and enjoy the whole resort.5 days / 4 nights package.......TRY IT......if you are looking for a decent and nice resort!!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>katey911
<Content>Eh This place was okay, but definitely nothing great. Admittedly, October was low season - which meant plenty of room by the pools, but not all the restaurants on-site were open. Those that were, were just okay. I mean, roasted chicken and sandwiches every day at one place for lunch? Come on!The staff, as a whole, was pretty dismal. The front desk staff took forever to do anything, but maybe that's just a cultural difference - I'm from a pretty fast-paced city. My biggest problem was when the power went off in the main lobby building during a rainstorm (not a thunderstorm, just a rainstorm). The elevator I was in stopped working and for five minutes, NO ONE responded to the continuous buzzing of the alarm. When I finally walked out of the sweatbox when the power was turned on, no one was waiting to see how I was or anything. That was very scary.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>bswitz
<Content>Are you kidding? My wife and I returned today from a week's stay at the Grand Paradise Bavaro.After reading the last several reviews I have to wonder where these people stayed. It sounds like they stayed up late at night searching for something to complain about. We flew from Detroit via USA3000 with Apple Vacations. Flight was normal and uneventful. After a long bus ride and several stops, we arrived at the hotel. There were approximately 8 couples to check in. We were last in line. Check in took 10 minutes and the staff was excellent. While we were in line the manager booked us an a la carte restaurant for that night.  We booked a last minute super saver room from Apple. When we got to our room we could not believe it. The main part of the romm was 27 x 13 Ft with a king size bed. The bathroom was a seperate area consisting of a sink area with a huge closet and a walk -in shower. In another room there was a toilet and a corner jakuzi tub. We had one problem , the TV had no sound. We reported this to Guest services the next morning before breakfast and by the time we finished eating it was replaced with a 32 flat panel TV. As far as food, the buffet in the main section where we were was closed for repairs so we had to go the buffet in the Club section No big deal. Food at the buffet was average . We always found something to eat, pasta bar was very good. We tried the Italian and the Steakhouse a la cartes. Food was excellent .Beach snack bar was sparse but if you got there when food was freshly cooked it was OK. The beach and pool were spectacular, always somewhere to sit . I understand drinks at the pool bar were poor but we are not big drinkers so it didn't affect us. The service everywhere in the hotel was excellent. Most of the time we sat down to eat at the buffet we were served drinks immediately. Once we had 3 waiters trying to serve at once. Don't let little things ruin your holiday and realize where in the world you are. This is not a rich country and this is not The Hilton  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>chickenmerseyside
<Content>do not go we read reviews but gave it a chance baaaaaad This hotel must be the worst hotel i have ever stayed in the problems we encounterd are to many to list reception staff are beyond rude they are vile especially if you are english do not be fooled nearly all the staff can speak english .there is nothing to do over half the facilities are closed their are not nine bars or restaurants or should i say there are but they are not open over 1 3rd of the hotel is closed as in deserted except at the weekend when the locals are allowed into the hotel at greatly reduced rates then watch out you cant get a sunbed or near the food or anything the noise is horrendus you cant sleep they hang about in groups in the corridors its frightning they steal your towels of wich we had personnell experience.the rep from thomas cook is USELESS they do not tell you about the locals untill you enter the hotel gate CRAFFTY you cant go out its dangerous you are tottaly isolated the trips cost an absolute fortune hundreds nothing is cheap and its worst than being in jail the one evening bar that is open the boat is a paying bar you can have beer and rum free but other drinks you have to pay for even mixers that are on your all inclusive package ?dont dont go here we gave it a chanceits the most horrible hotel iwe have ever been to i know people read reviewsand go ah well but we tried it and thought thatit was hell you cant go anywhere .the beach is fine and the hotel grounds are tremendous but hell can look good i implore you beware as for the mini bar in your room we were supposed to get 4 sodas a day and 1 gallon of water a day we got 4 sodas and 2 gallon of water in 14 days i continiously asked for water and sodas but was told we will see to right away and nothing happend the other items in the mini bar are extorsionet nuts æ‹¢9 small pringles æ‹¢5 minature whiskey æ‹¢9 twix æ‹¢5 evion small water æ‹¢3.50 and many others do not use it and watch out for being charged for stuff you havnt had , been there  keep a check room service is terrible we got our bed made at 5 to 6 ocklock in the evening no soaps and no cleaning even though ay first we left a substantial tip and twice not at all we made it ourselvs this was our wedding anniversary and we got nothing rude vile staff all you read on the reviews is true we are ordinary people who save for a holliday and this was our worst nightmare we were not the only ones who complained and had a bad time everyone we spoke to felt the same it was depressing.they cater only for french american and canadian but mostly theirown the hotel is so large you go everywhere by train { WHEN IT WORKS} after the weekend their is only 1 train anyway eith not enough spaces to get on. the alacart resaurants are only open intrmitently one or 2 at a time and only usually for the dominicans at the weekend then close it is like walking round a ghost town at night all you have is tv in your room or pay at the boat bar we are so upset our holiday has been ruined all that saving for nothing people dont go to this hotel read all the reviews help yourself this is a bad place go to a different resort this is a bad experience go elswhere i implore you if you wish to contact me you may do we have never put a review on trip advisor before but felt we must warn people of what this comlex has in store for you nothing and rudeness  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Barja44
<Content>Terrible desk staff ana management I bought 3 tickets for my wife and daughter, with VIP features. The 2 desk people were handling at the same time in coming and out going passengers. I was give the wrong type of room , and after 3 1/2 hours of lining up to check in, i was coming and going to inspect rooms I had to pay extra for the room I reserved in the first place. There was no superivisor on sight willing to help. The staff was rude , uncaring and accepting 20 dollars bribes to solve problems or you were out of luck, like no drinking water, no A/C, smelly rooms, no working toilets, broken TV etc.There were no staff to help with luggage. I never experienced a hotel like that. Stay away from this hotel.The food and restaurant staff was good, but drinks were terrible.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>2ndhnymoon
<Content>Not bad, not great When we got to our room, there was no power. You need an extra key card to keep the power on in the room, but ours didn't work. We went to the front desk to get another key and it worked fine after that. We tried to break down some money, because we only had $100 bills and wanted smaller bills to tip. They told us to come back the next day. The next day, the same story. The next day, come back later. We couldn't tip anyone for the first 3 days because they couldn't break down our money. Finally, the day when we could tip our maid, she didn't leave us any water or towels. It took several phone calls and a trip to the front desk to finally get it. The other big problem was the vendors. They approach you on the beach, on the resort, on the excursions...They are very aggresive and eventually you just have to ignore them. Other than that, the room was very nice, the food was decent, the resort was very clean and nice, and the beach was beautiful. The staff were ok, not extremely helpful, but not unfriendly either. We went to the seafood restaurant and the food was ok, but the service was unbeatable, very impressive. You do have to take a trolley to the beach if you are staying in the club part, but it is only a 5 minute ride at most, or you can walk it in 10 minutes. We didn't find this to be a huge inconvience as we would spend many hours at the beach anyway. Overall, I would say this resort was somewhat disappointing, but not terrible. Would I go back? Probably not.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	3	2	3	

<Author>jtmcnulty00
<Content>Oh My God! We went there to give our daughters hand in marrage to a wonderful young man. Right from the start there were several problems. We had to wait over two hours to get our room. It was the wrong room!!! The people at the front desk where very unfriendly to say the least. For the most part, the food was the same horrible stuff day in and day out. The only good thing was that the wedding was done pretty well and thats all. Our daughter was very happy and they both looked great.There was talk that the drinks were watered down and several people complained of very large roaches in their rooms. I had a medical problem and went to the medical office there. They did not take my insurence and I had to pay 175.00 for the treatment. They actually made a copy of my passport before treating me. I'm actually too sick to write anymore of the nightmares there as the day before we left, my wife, myself and many other of our friends started getting sick with a sore throat etc. We have been home for two days and we are still very ill.I have to tell you this though, The icing on the cake was the fact that you had to pay 20.00 dollars for a lock for our room safe so that THEIR staff couldn't rob you. The 20.00 was non-refundable and if you didn't turn it back in it costs you 50.00 dollars. Their 2 star rating is wrong ...it should be NO stars.....DO NOT GO THERE!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	2	1	

<Author>whonu
<Content>you think your trip there was bad! The first evening at the Paradise, Sept 20/08, the marble floors on the stairs leading to the rooms were extremely wet, so I slipped even though I tried my best not too and broke two toes. The room fridge was not working so I called for 3 days and finally it barely worked thereafter. No remote for the TV was given. Had to take the trolley to the main reception area or beach most of the time. The boat bar was only open for one night (Friday). Other than that you had to go to the main bar at the reception because the others (pool bar) closed at 6:00 pm. The casino is like something from a Vegas ghost town from the 50's so don't think you can win anything there. The food was only comperable to Cuban food, which you would expect in Cuba. The reception staff was unbelievably rude and I have never seen so many tourists complaining about various inconveniences in all of my. They even went so far as to say to their guests that they were LIARS. I tipped the maid $10.00 the first morning but the service was terrible. I also tipped every day thereafter a couple of dollars and choclates and still never even got towels, not once were they replaced without complaints. I finally went and stole about 10 towels from the cart and hid them in the room. I didn't need rose pedals on the sink, I NEEDED TOWELS!!. The only staff I found nice was the bartenders and the waiters, but they were also tipped very well. Night before checkout, I wanted to book the room for 3 hours extra due to the flight time. I was told to come back at 9 the next morning, went back at 9, told to come back again at 9:30. They told me that was fine and it would cost $10.00 per hour, no problem. 3 times I had to go back with the trolley for a card that would work, but still didn't. Found some staff person there and he opened the door for me, seriously I think anyone who works there has a pass card to your room. This happened earlier when I locked myself out. So I finally took a shower and didn't some male staff member decide to let himself in while I'm in the damn shower. I yelled every swear word imaginable and he finally left. Still don't know why he was there. The manager of hotel calls a few minutes later and asks what I'm doing there - can you believe it. Other than the pool and the beach, don't go. You can't even go outside the compound unless its a tour, unless you don't like your jewerly. Then at the airport they charged me $50.00 overweight, problem is, I didn't buy anything while I was there, they actually wanted $70.00 Canadian. The only thing I can figure is the clothes were damp and weighed more or the scales are fixed. As I said, I have never seen anyone complain so much at a hotel as I did there. PS: for the ladies, the male staff are like roaches, they never leave you alone. Also lock up anything valuable or else. Better still, don't go.I would take Cuba any day of the week, its safe there and the people are honest and the town is safe.Good luck,DC Toronto, Ontario  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	3	4	1	2	4	

<Author>elainesOntario
<Content>did not like We stayed there from Sept 27 til Oct 11.Half the places were closed  no entertainment to speak of. The power went out 3 times  once the T,V was off for 12 hours. You were supposed to get water  4 pops dailey. Every time you asked about it they wold just say we will take care of it  thats it til the next day unless you you ran into the delivery guy.My husband got sick from something he ate then followed dehydration Thank God for the Dr. @ the clinic as started an I.V. then he was taken by ambulance to the hospital. The air was set @ 27 so it was so hot we couldnt get a decent sleep. We have been to Dominican  Cuba several times  never complained This was the worst holiday ever. Take imodium because they charge $3.oo American dollars for 2 pills. You have to go buy a cart everywhere .If you stay @ one end you take the cart to eat  if you are @ the other end you take the cart to the beach or the beach bar. .  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	2	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Ernestus
<Content>Do not go there !! I stayed in this hotel for first 2 weeks of October 2008. I went there with my wife as it was our honeymoon. I hope that my review will help you to make decision where not to stay. First of all - this is not a 4 star hotel - 2 should be maximum. When we arrived to the hotel I was surprised - we were given drinks while waiting for check-in, but I didn't have time to drink it as after 2 minutes of waiting I was already talking with check-in staff. They were very polite, everything was fine. I got room number, then I gave good tip to get better room, - o k- we got different room.In the room we were waiting almost one hour to get our bags, of course tip was necesary as bell boy wasn't in hurry to leave our room. - room was great, flat tv on the wall, modern, comfortable bed , nice looking bathroom ....... I gave tip to get room, where everything is functioning !!! but it wasn't - toilet was not flushing so quite quickly there was something swimming around.. I called reception , asked them to send somebody to repair it , and .... I was told that I can take it out by myself and put it to the bin..... Then I decided to open balcony - I didn't have to door were already opened and I couldn't close them - it took them 2 days to repair door, however I don't know why, but cleaner always left it opened every single day. when I tried to open fridge I got mad - it was locked - I rang reception again - ok somebody will bring drinks shortly. after one hour I went to reception and started very loud discussion. I got back my tip, however I didn't get toilet repaired or drinks. --------------  Room service :In 2 weeks time i was complaining about 15 times in total - employees are very lazy and rude. I was talking to our representative as well few times - and only after her intervention we got our water, sodas , however it still wasn't done as it should be. for these people it was no difference if they left 2 or 3 or 4 drinks in the fridge and we were entaitled to get 4 drinks every day. Cleaners: - we tipped them often as room was always cleaned, mopped, we got flowers around sink, new towels - very good service. --------Food3 on 5 restaurants were closed. we went to Italian restaurant - food was average, nothing special , good service. Steak house - food looked and tasted very good, but I spent next day in the toilet. Buffets - good food ,big choice and variety of fod, service was ok but it could be better - waiters couldn't remember what drinks were ordered, however they were all very nice and friendly so I don't complain Bars - there are few bars - nobody was looking for tips, standard drinks with rum or martini etc. in plastic cups - it was fine. Shops staff is very unpolite, I was waiting at cash desk to buy water, but employees were to busy as they were talking with each other. after 4 minutes I left place listening to some strange words under my address. ( I couldn't understand as I don't speak spanish. ) Cigar sellers - How is it possible that in a 4 star resort when u are on your holidays Hotel management agrees to have them in resort area. They had their tables everywhere where people were - on the beach , in the front of buffets. It would be fine if they just would stay and say nothing, but they were trying to interest in their offer everyone.  Hello my friend do u want cigars, i have one free for you, where are u from ? , come come , loooka, loooka loooka , hello espaniol ? deutch , english ? cigars cigars good cigars ? it was funny for first 2 days , after two weeks 4 times per day x 5 tables I was trying to relax, take deep breath and not to punch these idiots in their faces. one day - after rain - tv stopped working, other day while I was in the middle of bath - all in soap and oils electricity stopped working. Of course it was in the evening so it was dark in the bathroom and no water (electric pumps) I had to use mineral water to wash myself. - all other hotels around had power all the time. Only GPB was so great....... It was our honeymoon - and hotel knew about this, but I hed to ask few times where is our honey moon package - rum, fruits etc. we got it after 3 days. and then 2 days later - again we got second honeymoon package - itwasn't romantic at all it was just funny. ..... If u are looking for hookers - Grand Paradise Bavaro is a good place to find them - they spend all eveinings just outside sports bar. we went to our honeymoon jut after our wedding and I got mad again when I heard if I want to go for fiki fiki ........ I'm not going to write how great was beach , or palm trees etc - it is the same in every hotel around bavaro . I can only say that I was speaking with people from Majestic, Riu and iberostar and they were all very happy. it is better to pay few euro more and be sure of good service. Do not go to Grand Paradise Bavaro. !!!( I read comments on tripadvisor before I went there but I couldn't believe that people can rate this place so low. - Now I know why - that are only small bad things, plenty of them )  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	4	1	2	1	

<Author>uk-reaper
<Content>[-] hole dont go there this hotel should be raised to the ground and not seen again we arrived in the middle of a tropical storm and it went down hill from there .we arrived at hte hotel check-in was a mission the staff were rude the reception area was flooded from the rain with no attempt to clear the rain water people were slipping over on the wet floors .(avoid the giftshop in the reception the staff are rude and ignorant) when we eventually got to our rooms the lights /shower /wash basin/patio doors/beds / all were broken to be fair hotel maintainance were very quick to fix these problems the foodif you like your food be prepaired to lose a few pounds this aint the place to eat avoid the buffet bar at all costs eat at the steak house when possible but at your own riskentertainmentwhat there is of it is in spanish or french so if you dont speak spanish or french dont bother the pools if you value your eyesight stay away my wife and i both have infections from the pools for witch treatment is still on going at home in england because we never saw the pools cleaned oncenow the good part the medical center staff are very good when you can find them holiday rep was about as much use as an ashtray on a motorbike we have stayed in many hotels around the world of all grades and this hotel is by far the worst i can honestly the best part of this trip was the flight home  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>TorontoStefan
<Content>Self Serve resort Grand Paradise Bavaro DR versus Breezes Jibacoa in CubaThe roads are in very bad shape, lots of large pot holes. Very large coach bus with AC drove slowly over the holes so we were in comfort. Lots of people driving motorcycles or even motor cross bikes, which in Canada would not even be allowed on the roads. Very few motor cycles have license plates, and no one drives with a helmet. Interesting to see.Service: Jibacoa has great service in the buffet, but Grand Paradise has a problem with service. In the buffet restaurants there are servers for the entire restaurant that remove dirty dishes and bring you drinks. The food you get yourself. One time at breakfast the 6 of us went for the buffet three times, each time getting a new plate. This is all normal. What is not normal is to find no one taking away the dirty plates from our table even though dozens of servers walk past our table while we were eating. A pile of dirty dishes only attracts more flies, which most people consider a problem in any resort. What is even more shocking is that no one even offers us coffee, tea or juice. Time and time again I see servers setting up the cutlery for a 4 person table, only to find three coffee spoons, or only 3 wine glasses. Generally all the knives and forks for all 4 people are set. On another occasion some of us wanted hot water for a tea instead of coffee. We already had cups and saucers, and the tea bag was in the cup waiting for the hot water. After several minutes we hailed down another server to ask for hot water. Minutes later still no hot water so a third server was flagged and a request was made. Each time the servers were very friendly saying sure, right away, no problem but each time still no hot water. On another occasion in an a-la-Carte restaurant we were asked if we wanted anything more, after finishing off dinner and wine. We all requested more wine. 5 minutes went by, and still no wine, but we did get offered desert. In the end we never did get more wine and left. Generally speaking its a place that really is self serve. At Jibacoa servers are responsible only for a few tables, not the entire restaurant. They observe the guests and when you leave the table to get more food, they clear off your old plate. They would ask you if you want more to drink when they see your glass empty. Food: At Grand Paradise I would say is so so. Most of the a-la-Carte restaurants were closed with only 2 opened (low time of the season and they can do repairs to them now). The buffet in the section we stayed was closed so we had to walk 15 minutes, or take the train, to the other half of the resort farther from the beach to eat, or eat at the beach buffet with a much reduced selection. The beach buffet had no eggs, and oat meal only one day. The main buffet that was opened does have a good selection of eggs, tailored made, or you can get pre made scrambled eggs. The juice selection I did not like. Grand Paradise has lots of refrigerated drink dispensers, and it all seemed like cool-aid or some other man made drink, and not freshly squeezed, real fruit juice. Jibacoa has fresh juice, or at least it tasted that way. Grand Paradise fruit selection was limited compared to Jibacoa. The water melon, cantaloupe didn't taste any different then what we buy local. The pine apple and mango however were very sweet and juicy, but don't try to find mango or pineapple juice. I can't even believe they didn't have coconuts to eat. At Jibacoa they had a Cuban day where they cut a small opening in a fresh coconut, filled it with rum, and gave it to us. Then when we finished drinking, they would open up the coconut and dig out the coconut pulp for you. Nothing like that at Grand Paradise. In fact when we took a day trip to Saona Island for $85 they offered us coconuts, but also asked us$2.Night show: Jibacoa had simpler shows with less frills and glitter. Grand Paradise had one hour long shows with many elaborate costume changes. The stage was also much more elaborate. At Jibacoa the announcer spoke primarily English, while at Grand Paradise they spoke Spanish, French German and English which also added to the length of the show.Water: Both places have nice clean pools. Jibacoa is an adult only resort so there are no kiddy pools like at Grand Paradise. As for the ocean, Jibacoa is amazing for snorkeling since the rock, coral and fish are only a few meters from shore. Grand Paradise shares a small section of miles of white sandy beach with the 50 or so other resorts. No rock, no coral, no grass or vegetation therefore no fish or other wildlife. You have to pay someone to take you out in a boat for snorkeling or scuba diving. Jibacoa will give certified divers (bring your card) one free dive during their one week stay. No free diving at Grand Paradise.Room: Both places had nice functional rooms. Won't comment on decoration since its not important, as long as its clean and everything is in good working order. Jibacoa did have a TV that wasn't very good. Had to hit it to receive channels. Grand Paradise had a flat screen TV, but I think only on the 2nd and 3rd floor. The first floor rooms seemed to have the older style TV's. Both places had working AC units although at Grand Paradise the room has no power when you are not there as your room key is also used to turn on the power, lights and AC. Jibacoa has one industrial sized AC unit at one end of the building complex and only a quiet fan in the room, while Grand Paradise seemed to have AC units in each room above the washroom ceiling. The one in my room happened to leak so the washroom floor was wet, and when you sat down on the toilet you also got dripped on. Out of three rooms used by our group mine was the only one with a drippy AC unit. The clock radio at Grand Paradise was hard wired into the wall so you could not connected to a working outlet. Remember the power is off when you leave the room, so it loses its time setting every day. Battery chargers for your camera or cell phone also do not function with no power during the day.Tips: Breezes Jibacoa does not expect or accepts tips. Some people did give tips, but as secretly as possible. All of Dominican Republic loves tips. We did not tip anyone there since no one really deserved it. At Jibacoa I tipped a few people for their outstanding service, including the tennis coach who gave me a band aid after I fell on the court.Activities: September is the low season so getting a tennis court or catamaran shouldn't be a problem and at Breezes Jibacoa it wasn't. At Grand Paradise you had to reserve everything. At 10 am I wanted to take out a catamaran, but they said first reservation available is at 12 noon. I can see in their books that no one has reserved, and the catamaran is sitting on the beach waiting for someone to sail it. Grand Paradise had Tennis with a pro at 4pm, but unless you actually reserved that time slot, there won't be a pro at the tennis court when you show up at 4pm.Checking out: In Cuba's Breezes Jibacoa we got a phone call in our room the day we were to check out asking if we need a porter to transport our luggage to the front desk. We never got such a phone call at Grand Paradise.If you go to Grand Paradise expecting to be served hand and foot, then you will be very disappointed. If you go there knowing that you really need to get things yourself, and not count on them to get it, even if they ask you, or you ask them, then the resort is great. Really one goes for the sun, beach, ocean, pools, and decent food and drinks, and that is what we got. We know of and heard of many people that are repeat customers of Jibacoa. They even have a special repeat customer party during the week. I have not heard of anyone that is a repeat guest at Grand Paradise, but did hear a few that said they were there in the past, but also won't go back Right next door to Grand Paradise is the Majestic Colonial. Every one I talked to say its really great, they serve you hand and foot to your every need and desire. The bus from the airport to the resort actually stopped at Majestic to drop off some guests. We saw how the porters were carrying peoples luggage, and someone else walked around with a tray of hot towels to freshen your self up. No one did that at Grand Paradise. We paid around $600 for Grand Paradise while Majestic is around $1000. But price isn't everything. The problem with Grand Paradise is management and the way people work. It doesn't cost any more to get people to actually do what they should be doing in the first place. When you ask for hot water you expect to get it in a reasonable time. There are other places for the same price that actually do provide service.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>WirralAnna
<Content>Not a 4* but a good 3*... still a great holiday We were worried about staying at the Grand Paradise after reading some of the reviews but I have to say that generally we were pleasantly surprised. Both my boyfriend and I aren't complaining types so I'd like to think that you could take this review as you read it. 1. Check in : Absolutely fine. The flight was fine, the transfer to the hotel was fine. We waited about 10 minutes to check in and we had a drink provided for us. The check in staff were very friendly, professional and helpful. Alex, who checked us in, spoke very good English. We were given a remote for the TV and we paid $20 for the safe for 2 weeks. We were only given one room key but we didn't ask for 2 so no complaints there.The bellboy took our luggage and we were given a ride on one of the golf buggies to our room straight away. We tipped the bellboy $1 but he didn't seem to be waiting for a tip and he was grateful. 2. The room : Very nice. We were staying in block 9 which seemed pretty new. The room had 2 king size beds, both of which had decent mattresses (although one was slightly better than the other). There was a flat screen TV which worked perfectly, could receive all the channels. The bathroom was spotless, shower bath and wc. We had complimentary soaps and shampoos left although we didn't use them. 3. The maid service : Good. We agreed we would tip the maid $1 a day. The first day we left the dollar we came back to a towel folded into a heart shape with flowers on the top, an extra room key (so the air con would stay on all the time), as well as all new towels plus 2 extra ones. We felt slightly guilty that we'd only left a dollar but we were on a tight budget and only tipped $1 again the next day. When we came back to our room it was cleaned well but the extra room key had gone and there were no towels folded into pretty shapes. The air con was efficient enough to cool the room down within about 10 minutes when it was on anyway so we didn't require an extra room key. I guess if we'd tipped $5 the next day we would've kept the key but it wasn't really important to us. 4. The mini bar: EXPENSIVE. Within the all inclusive package you get a gallon of water (replenished whenever you finish it - every day if you drink it all) and 4 bottles of pop, which I think is plenty. We did eat quite a few snacks from the mini bar on a couple of days when I was unwell and we couldn't face walking to the buffet for breakfast or lunch. The price list is provided and it is expensive but we thought we knew what we were letting ourselves in for. I put aside money each time we ate something from the mini bar (and I was rounding up as well e.g. we had 2 chocolate bars totalling $7, so I put away $10. The following day a bill for what you've consumed is put in your room with the service charge added on and the total in dollars. Be prepared though when you check out they give you the bill for anything charged to the room and from the mini bar in pesos. They can only provide a breakdown in pesos. But when you pay for anything in cash at the resort they prefer dollars. If you want to settle in dollars (as we did) they then convert the pesos to dollars at their exchange rate and you end up getting fleeced. It is also impossible to tell if you've been correctly billed unless you want to ask for a breakdown, go and sit down and convert pesos to dollars for each day and then attribute it to what you ate. Also - one day we were charged for some peanuts ($11) but I am seriously allergic to peanuts and there is no way I had eaten them. We spoke to the rep about it and when we checked out they did take it off the bill. My advice - just stay within your all inclusive allowance. The mini bar is my major gripe by the way :)5. The beach: Gorgeous. The beach is beautiful. White sand, crystal clear waters. The beach is always very clean too. There is a lovely old guy who goes around collecting the glasses and he always smiles at you. I did feel a bit sorry for him but he was always smiling. The water can be a bit choppy, probably too much for young children but fine for adults. The sea is clean and there's no debris. The beach isn't stoney either which is nice. While we were there it was low season so there was no problem getting a sun lounger, even in the shade (as long as you don't mind sitting under a tree if all the umbrella things are taken - which we didn't). I can imagine it's hard to find somewhere in high season though.6. The pools: Very good. Both pools are very clean and nice. No problems with either. The swim up bar at one of the pools is great and Luis the barman was lovely. 7. The service: Okay. The service could be a little hit and miss but I cannot fault the staff. They were tirelessly, you never see anyone standing around. They always seem cheery and smile at you and remember you although sometimes you can be waiting a while for a drink. I think it's because the place is so big and could probably do with some more staff. At the buffet if both of you get up to get food at the same time and take a while you will probably find your table gone by the time you get back. We just took it in turns though so it wasn't a problem. Again I wouldn't like to go during high season as I imagine it's baaaaad. 8. The staff: Wonderful. They are brilliant. Some of the waiters really are funny and / or very attentive. Nestor who works in the La Palma buffet was an excellent waiter and he was gorgeous too haha. Kelvin who we saw working in the Italian was very funny - a real character. The animation team work very hard and are genuinely lovely. I went with my boyfriend but I still got a lot of attention from the male workers and I'm not anything special but they do like blonde women. I imagine single ladies would get aboslutely hounded, it was just a laugh cos I was there with my other half. 9. The food: Okay. I'm not a fussy eater but I did get bored of the food. Even though they have themed nights the stuff always seemed to be the same. Most of the food is okay although some of the stuff tasted funny. I didn't eat any seafood cos I was worried about getting food poisoning. We did have dodgy stomachs on 2 occasions but I do have a weak stomach. There are a lot of flies in the buffet but they can't do anything about that. We only tried the Italian è„Œ la carte but it was very nice. Sadly one of the dodgy stomach incidents came after eating a not very hot lasagne there but I would still thoroughly recommend it. I expected at least one dodgy stomach whilst going to the DR though!10. The drinks: Good. The cocktails are nice if a bit of on the sweet side. You do only get a small plastic cup so take a travel mug if that bothers you. The beer is really nice and I don't like beer (I only like bud anyway). The measures are big and I can't say I thought anything was watered down. Mama Juana is very nice - you must try it!11. The disco: Awful - but bearable if you get drunk. You can request music but we didn't bother. There were a group of young Canadians staying there and when they were at the disco the music was good. The toilets were awful but no worse than a bar in Liverpool city centre so who cares?12. The other guests: Not overly friendly. I'm English and we only met one other English couple there. There were a lot of Canadians and lot of Europeans. I'd like to go to a resort where more people from the UK go to next time.13. The Entertainment: Good. The shows are good, the dance troupe are really good. It sometimes gets a bit tedious when the compere of the evening announced everything in 3 different languages but it is an international place and they make everything accesible to everyone. A few other things: I didn't experience anywhere near as many problems as some people seem to have. I've been totally honest and moaned about anything worth moaning about. The DR is a 3rd world country, the hotels are paradise compared to how the Domincans live so don't expect everything to be perfect. The staff are lovely and I had no problem with their English. They really appreciate any attempt at you speaking Spanish but they can all speak most languages. We didn't pay a lot for our holiday so we didn't go expecting the world. I wouldn't say the hotel is a 4* but it is a good 3*. If you want excellent service then you have to pay higher prices. I would love to go back to the DR but I'd probably stay at a different resort. I chose the Grand Paradise because we were on a budget. If you've booked here don't be frightened off by bad reviews, go with an open mind and an open heart and you'll have a wonderful time.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>ELARO
<Content>I was very satisfied I came back on Sept 21, 2008. I'm not a big writer so I won't write a long text but I really wanted to at least say that I was very satisfied with the hotel. 4 days before I went on vacation, I was so worried after reading the reviews that I asked to change my hotel but the travel cie said know. The room was simple but clean, the buffet was very good, the beach was fantastic and I had no problem with anything. Was I just lucky!!?? I don't think so because I didn't hear anyone complaining. I was in building 2 which was the first one in front of the beach. Sure, I think that altogether there are 16 buildings and half of them are 10 to 20 minutes walk to the beach but there is a shutttle bus.I would go back. It's a good 4 stars hotel.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	3	3	

<Author>renejames
<Content>Loved Grand Paradise Bavaro       1 of the 2 large pools  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>lovetotravellots21
<Content>get hat you pay for We got a great deal from sell off vacations for this resort in April...only 397.00 plus taxes. They told us it was a 4 star very beautiful resort. 13 of us went it was a good trip but many issues. We were told we all be in the one building and none on ground floor.. that didn't happen. We never saw hotel spraying for bugs at all and flies were terrible in the rooms and at the buffet they were all over the food. Service not great, barely spoke english the pool was great food ok but only allowed to eat at the a la cartes 3 times. I have been to the Coral Marien and the resort and food and service was way better however paid 1500.00 to go there. Beach in Punta cana was beautiful though pretty rough when we were there. If you pay less then 700.00 to go there otherwise choose somewhere else.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	2	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>jibs
<Content>The negative reviews are from generally angry people :)       Room (from the front door - stayed in building #2 near the beach)  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>lovesthebeach26
<Content>Beautiful Place, Awful resort It is pretty comical to me to see the reviews on this website. Before I vacationed at the Grand Paradise Bavaro in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic I went to this site, and snarled at these people. At first, I imagined that they were a bunch of ritzy people that didn't get 110% of the hotels attention during their stay. So, I put all this aside and decided that I was going to enjoy this vacation despite the skeptical reviews it had gotten. To my dismay, I was completely wrong. Nothing about the negative reviews were false in the least. Each and every problem that I had previously read about the resort my friends and I had experienced, generally every day. To start, our AC was terrible. Coincidentally, when we had gone to the front desk there was a line of people complaining about the same thing. The staff was completely unprofessional and furthermore, rude. On our first day, the shower broke and it took almost a half an hour for a maintenance man to come fix it, only to realize that after he left it was broken even more. We never had towels in our room and the door to our balcony was broken (which was quite reassuring). The line to make dinner reservations was about an hour long, with ONE extremely unhappy worker helping. As our turn neared, she laughed at us when we said we were confused as to how this situation was supposed to work. Now, let me add that I am born and raised in New York, and if I can hold my tongue, so can she. Despite the many, many complications we had faced during our stay, the resort itself was beautiful. Like all of the other reviews stated, it was everything i pictured, and more. The pools were fantastic and the beach was perfect. There was always something going on, shows every night, and the entertainment by the pools and in the club were great! Since I was vacationing with my four friends, you can imagine that we never really had a dull moment.I would- without a doubt in my mind- recommend vacationing in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic, but trust me, pay the extra couple bucks and stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	1	1	2	

<Author>texas1Dallas
<Content>Not Recommended Do not pay extra for oceanview. That means looking out your balcony across the pool, turn your head to the right and see the ocean in the distance. No rooms appear to be true front oceanview. Front desk staff are rude and unhelpful. Do not like Americans and overall probably at best a 3 star hotel.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>katetowns
<Content>PLEASE READ THIS!!!!! Me and my boyfriend stayed at this hotel about 1 week ago. Lets just say we will not be returning to this hotel ever again. I suggest the Bahia Principe or the Barcelo hotels in Punta Cana after being able to see them and ask the guests staying their of their experience. Our Rooms were at the other end of the resort a 25 minute walk to the beach or a 5 min bus ride and 10 minute wait at the bus stops.Who wants to walk that far??? Our bed was so uncomfortable that i had bruises on both my hips at the end of our vacation from sleeping on my sides. Their was no bed skirt on the beds, and our king size bed had a double size sheet covering the mattress which means that half way through the night we would wake up directly onto the mattress. EWWW! How gross is that!2 0f the 3 pillow cases on the bed had been stained, and had not been changed all week.They sprayed our room with insecticide in the middle of our stay which isn't very healthy.On one night we lost power for over an hour and walked around in the pitch black with absolutely nothing to do and it was around 7pm?????The food was horrible at all the restaurants and was not clean at all. When I saw the way they washed the glasses I almost threw up!!! they dont even rinse them they simply empty them and re-use after each guest. I was so surprised!The service was shitty at the hotel, unless you tipped forget about ever getting any service what so ever. We arrived 20 mins early to the italian restaurant, not to mention that the restaurant had about 20 unused tables, they refused to serve us and said come back in 20 mins!!! What kind of customer service is that.We complained about our room to get it changed and they never did, our room had no clock or remote for the tv, and the towels were barely ever changed unless you crumpled them in a ball and threw them on the floor so they looked extra dirty.Please do not stay here! The Barcelo or the Bahia Principe is 1000 times better. The beach is great however so this post is not against Punta Cana but simply against this horrible hotel!!!STAY AWAY!!!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	2	2	1	

<Author>american27
<Content>Surprise! The infrastructure of the hotel is wonderful and the beach is just beautiful. The food is extremely good, except that you only get to eat at one of the 4 specialty restaurants twice in a week, the rest you have to eat at the buffet, which is not bad at all, but you shouldn't be restricted. The staff attitude is HORRIBLE, during our stay we found 2 employees that were nice and attentive, other than that everyone else hates working there. The staff is NOT attentive or courtious, they do not pay attention to detail at all. They say this hotel is 4 stars, maybe without the employees, but with the kind of service they provide is more like a 2 star. I tried not to let it get to me while we were there, but just wasn't going to happen. I have been to many all inclusive resorts and I would NEVER go back to this one. I have heard the Melia is much better.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	5	4	3	1	2	

<Author>smc259
<Content>HORRIBLE experience Do NOT stay here!!! This is by far the worst resort in Punta Cana. There's a reason it's sold at such a discount. We're a couple from Philadelphia and recently stayed here for a week. The list of problems is long but here are the highlights:* the air conditioning had cigarette smoke coming through and didn't work for most of the week* apathetic management did nothing to fix it or move our rooms, when we told manager Miguel about the problem he laughed at us and said why should they care since we already paid* the unsanitary conditions of the food made us and many of the other guests sickAnd the list goes on.. The beaches in Punta Cana are unbeatable but do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	1	

<Author>joevacation
<Content>customer service terrible! We just returned on the 26th of August from Paradise Bavaro, Punta Cana. We were travelling with 7 people, 4 of which we paid adult fare for and 3 which were children (ages 6, 8 and 10). It was extremely important to us that we had two rooms, one to accommodate the two teenagers (age 15 and 17) and the other to accommodate the two adults and the three younger boys. Last year we had no problem with this arrangement when we went to Cayo Coco Cuba. This resort was rated a 4 star resort and although we went over budget substantially, we were given the impression that the resort would be well worth it. Unfortunately that was not the case. On our request, it had stated that we must have an additional cot/bed in one of the rooms and that these were to be adjoining rooms. We had also requested that we be close to the beach, and were told that the beach from the éˆ¥æ¸ƒlub part of the resortéˆ¥?was only a 2 minute walk. Due to bad weather conditions, our 4:20pm departure flight from Toronto was delayed until 8:00pm. This meant that we arrived at our resort at about 1:30am. We struggled with our bags and 5 half asleep children to the club part of the resort. We carried our bags up to the third floor rooms only to discover that these were not adjoining rooms and not even neighboring rooms as there was the foyer landing in between. The two older kids went to their room to settle in while my husband and I and the three younger kids went into our room so we could get them into bed. Immediately upon entering the room, we noticed that there was no cot. When my husband went to call the front desk to have the cot brought up, he sat on the bed only to discover that the bed was broken! It was missing one leg and there was no way that even one person could sleep in this bed, let alone the two of us. The other two teenagers came into our room requesting that we go see the mess in their room. It had been completely flooded, probably from the tropical storm early in that evening. The bed was sitting in an inch of water. My son was going to try and soak it up with the towels, however, there were no towels left in the room! Once again, we called the front desk and were promised that someone would look after this. They assured us that someone would be right there to bring up the cot and fix our bed and mop the floor. After waiting several minutes with very tired children and another call to the front, my husband walked the 3 resort blocks to the desk to get some help. He did return at about 2:45am with some help. They also said that they would not be getting us a cot until the next day, to which was completely unacceptable as there was no way we were putting three boys in one bed! After walking the halls for a while, he finally came across a mop and we were able to mop up some of the water so that the kids could get some sleep. At 3:30am we were informed that the bed could not be fixed until tomorrow. My husband found a large cement brick while looking for the mop and put this under the bed where the leg was missing. This worked fine for that night but we had to put one of the small children in the room with the other two and the 17 year old and 10 year old had to share a bed. Day two when I tried to call the teenagers room, it was discovered that they were never given a phone. This was another promise that was made to us for the entire week, however on the very last day there was a phone put in their room that did not work. If it were just the two of us in one room, this wouldnéˆ¥æª› be a big deal, however, the room was not adjoining and we had our children there, in the middle of hurricane season. This is not too comforting for a four star resort. The cot that we requested many times, and wasted a good part of the next day trying to get, never did arrive! You can just imagine how frustrated we were to hear the guy on his walkie talkie talking to a fabricated person, informing us that there is no need to go back to our room as the guy was in there right now setting up the cot! Well he wasnéˆ¥æª›! On the evening of day 2 when the cot arrived, it had no bedding, and looked like a banana. It would have been impossible for anyone to sleep on in its condition. We had to take all of the cushions off of the chairs in order to build up the middle support so that the bed could somewhat lay flat. We had to take the blanket off our bed and go without for the duration and we had to take a pillow from the second bedroom. he second day while running around trying to get our accommodations sorted out, we had failed to leave a éˆ¥æ¸¢ipéˆ¥?for the maid and in return we received two towels, no washcloths and no hand towels. I guess you must pay for those! The teenagers room was only cleaned 3 times during our stay and the towels were never exchanged for new ones. They were given one towel, and managed to get a second towel later in the week. The following morning I left several dollars for the maid with a request for some towels. I received one more towel for a total of 3 that would have to last us the week. To ensure that these 3 towels remained, I tipped every morning from that point on, but never got anything more than partially made beds. Our mini bar was not restocked and we continued to use the same bottle of water, that was rapidly depleting, the entire stay. The safe that cost $20 US for the week, would lock but would not unlock for us. The resort itself was very nice. The pools were beautiful, the beach was fabulous and the meals were good. It was unfortunate that our rooms were quite a distance from the beach, however, we managed by using the shuttle train. On a few occasions we would wait in excess of 30 minutes but this didnéˆ¥æª› seem to bother us too much as we were on vacation. The pool bar, and beach bars would only provide us service if we tipped, otherwise our requests would not be fulfilled. If we order 3 margaritas and a water we would get 4 beers! The kids preferred their drinks in the blender, however when ever they ordered they were told no. When we tried to order blender drinks we were told the blender was broken. Then when we gave the bar tender money, the blender worked! It would work for about two drinks and then break again until another dollar came out of our pockets! I donéˆ¥æª› mind tipping these people for good service, but to have to tip to get any service is a little extreme. The food was good, with plenty of variety however, we did have to find our own table. If a waiter ever did come by, he would not supply the table with drinking water and for the most part we had to hunt down cutlery from other tables (as well as glasses). On one occasion, when we got up to eat, someone else decided to take our table. From that point one we made sure someone actually sat at the table while the others went up for food to ensure this didnéˆ¥æª› happen again. There was no need to tip anyone at the restaurant as we did not do any of the a la cartes and we were never served at the buffet. The pool and beach were both very nice. We made sure that one of us got up early enough to save a couple of chairs at the pool or beach each day. Unfortunately, while these chairs were left unattended, they were taken on 3 different occasions. It is difficult to try to recover stolen towels and at $20 each this is a necessity! The resort was busy and it was not easy to come by shaded chairs, however, that is no excuse for someone removing our belongings to take our chairs. The most difficult people staying at the resort were the Europeans. They claim not to understand when you speak to them in English but they certainly have no problem butting in line and stealing towels and chairs. I guess the rudeness of the people working at the resort breeds rudeness from the people staying at the resort. Everytime we required some assistance from the front desk, there were several people there complaining about the lack of service they were also getting. The only thing that kept us there was the beautiful beach and the resort itself, which is clearly a 4 star, but the service was sub-standard, not even a one star. Perhaps for a couple it would be fine if you go in with your eyes wide open and lots of US dollar bills, but for a family, the customer service can ruin a vacation! I would not recommend anyone go to this particular resort but I would recommend going to this area of Punta Cana.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	1	1	2	

<Author>FamilyTravels4_8
<Content>Family from NJ Will not recomend this hotel to anyone!! Aug. 25, 2008Just came back from Grand Paradise Bavaro Resort and Spa in Punta Cana. Since we arrived we had problems. We waited to check in for over 30 minutes with 3 or 4 people behind the desk talking to each other. After checking in we only recieved 1 key to the room. The furniture in the rooms were in horrible condition, the peep hole in the door was missing so the door had a hole. We had to pay for the safe which says included on the web site, no iron in the room and had to call 2 or 3 times to get one. We had 2 rooms the second room had a full bed and sofa bed. The sofa bed had no mattress, the lamp shade was ripped and falling off the lamp. I asked the maids for extra towels and they did not give it to us. They only changed the towels every two days to save on water and detergent. The pool near our room was very dirty so we went to the main pool every day. The train that takes you from one end of the resort to the other was always full and they only had one running at the busiest time of the day or night. At breakfast they did not have ham, bacon, onions or even clean glasses for juice. When we asked for these things they said they did not have any in the back. At the bars by noon they had no ice and would not try to get any. We were told we could make 3 reservations at the restaurants but when we got there they changed it to only 2. We asked for a manager but there was none on the premises for the weekend. We were promised a phone call on Monday but never got one so we went to ask at the customer service desk and then they gave us an extra dinner voucher, but we had to complain to get this solved. I don't understand the logic to this when they said the hotel was full and they had to accomodate all the guess to the restaurants, but we noticed that the restaurants were empty when we went by them. The food at the buffet was good but crowded and the staff does not sit you we had to find our own tables and you better order more than one drink at a time because they don't come back. We had been in Punta Cana 3 years before at a different hotel and we had a great time and decied to go back. This time we will not go back for a long time to come since I hear from different people that the staff at different hotels is the same not nice or accomodating they just want the tips.I hope this helps someone else on their decision with reservations.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>psycotic_penguin
<Content>Great time! So i just got back yesterday and i have to say i had a great time. I went with my fiance and we both enjoyed the hotel and the people there. There were some annoying things that happened but nothing that was terrible.When we got there we got our picture taken at the airport which you can purhcase when you leave. There are guys that will take your bags for you, its better to keep your bags cause they go fast and you might miss stuff. The bus ride was about 30 min and a little rough (if you get sick easily then take a gravol) and for you people that complain the roads are horrible, its a 3rd world country deal with it. So we got there and were told that the room wouldnt be ready until 3, we expected that, so we went to the buffet and it was alright. We got the room key and went to our room which i have to say was very nice-room 2203 on the second floor. the air conditioning worked well and never had a problem with it. For the bug problem---we had only 1 small raoch and 1 moth--i guess if your on the first floor then there will probably be more bugs. The maids cleaned the room well, sometimes we got alot of towels sometimes we didnt---so bring extra towels. Also the towel service can be iffy---they dont seem to ever have enough towels and when they do theres always a family of like 8 who takes them all. The pools are nice--in the morning its a little dirty though--its not the end of the world--also to the guy who wrote a review a little down below complaining that he had to get out of the pool to get a drink---grow up---its a few steps away DEAL WITH IT. its not the end of the world if theres no pool bar!--sorry but thats a stupid complaint. The guys at the pool bar were very nice made good drinks--we always left 1$ tip and they really appreciate it. Sometimes we even got to get infront of the lines. The beach was beautiful--not alot of shade though---but it was amazing--the water is rough so be careful and the undertow is strong.The buffet was probably the only thing that i didnt like---it was more the service---sometimes they would bring your drinks right away other times youd be done your meal before they even came to ask you what you wanted. I didnt lile alot of the waiters either---if you dont understand spanish or french then good luck---i did get sick though but i knew i would i have a very sensitive stomach. Bring lots of immodium and if you are a picky eater and get sick easy you will not like the food at all and it may ruin your whole vacation.Most staff were friendly--except the reservation lady: she couldnt care less about anything and what you want. The towel lady was the same and the gift shop ladys were snobby and follow you around everywhere and give you nasty looks---ignore them and get out as fast as you can.Other than that the vacation was relaxing and i would go back. Some of the bad reviews i read i wonder where they stayed but others make sense---like the guy complaining he had to get out of the pool to get a drink. When i booked i started reading the reviews and got nervous but i just kept reminding myself that i am not expecting a 5 star and i wont let every little thing bug me. If your going expecting to be waited on and have the best vacation ever you will be disapointed big time. Also its very european and i hate to say it but some of them were snobby---dirty--and well DISGUSTING. alot of them didnt even have manners.If you want to know anything just message me and i will gladly help you.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>skraa2
<Content>Didn`t exactly love the place We just returned this past Saturday from the Grand Paradise Bavaro, Punta Cana, D.R. and I can honestly say I would probably not recommend it to my friends.The water was absolutely wonderful but the A.C. went off on us for almost three full days and it was brutal sleeping.We went for help a few times but to NO avail. They will tell you they will correct the problem but never do.My son went horseback riding and came home with TWO infected legs and ended up inthe emergency room.There were some plus factors there but overall I wouldn`t go back there whatsoever.Thankyoufrom Wheelwright, MA  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	4	2	4	1	3	

<Author>chula0269
<Content>Horrible experience I do not know where to begin...From the minute we stepped foot into the hotel we had problems. I waited on line to be checked in for 30mins with one person in front of me and more than one person working behind the desk. We got to our room and realized if we wanted the lights, air or frig to work we had to put our card/key into a slot. When you leave the room of course you need your 1 key(all they give you) to get back in. Therefore, everything shuts off. I am all for going Green, but when I paid over 1000 for this trip per person I better have my air on all day if I want. Also, they want you to reuse your towels 2times or more so they can save on detergents. Yeah ok not happening. The maids do not mop the floors because my feet were always duty right after they left. The railing of the balcony was broken. No remote in the room, no alarm clock so no time in the room. YOu know its bad when the staff there say they recommend you get the safe box..What does that tell you. One of the pools had nasty stuff in it. Like after you take a shower if you dont clean the tub the shampoo stays there..Well thats what it looked like. It was nasty. The beach I can say was beautiful. The staff at the bar by the pool was so mean. I say if you dont like your job then quit. Dont even try to make reservations at the restaurants..Its impossible. They tell you its full yet when ever you walk by, its empty. I thought the food at the buffet was great, until I got home. I started vomiting and in bed with stomache pains. When I went to the ER the night I got back, they said I had food poisoning. I can tell you right now the only thing I ate that my mother did not eat was the Pork and the Steak. I did drink the water but not sure if thats what really got me sick. My best advise to anyone wanting to go to D.R. do NOT stay at the Grand Paradise.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>NOAOranjestad
<Content>Great vacation I had my doubts when booking this hotel as in 2005 I allready had a very negative experience of this hotel brand which was the hotel Palma Real in Juan Dolio, however the Grand Paradise The Club exeeded our expectations. Starting with the checkin it was smooth and efficient. The lady agent that checked us in was very professional and courteous also Jonathan was very cordial in assisting us in every request that we had. Our two bedroom suite was nice it had a jacussi and a plasma tv and we had a partially pool/garden view. We were given a complimentary bottle of champagne and fruits upon our arrival which was a nice touch. The grounds of the hotel are beautifull and very well kept. There were a few things that could have been better, seeing that this is a very nice hotel. First of all the service level in most of the restaurant was not great. given the impression that they were understaffed.Exception given ofcourse to a few of the staff that were wonderfull. To name a few; restaurant manager Francsico who is from Puerto Plata and who helped us through a crisis when my son got sick with the stomach flue, and there was a girl I believe by the name of Keyla who was friendly and went out of her way to accomodate us. The buffet for breakfast and lunch were great overall. The crowd mix were mostly europeans. We also dined at one of the a la carte restuarant which was the one by the name of el Tipico, which specialises in Dominican food. Service was not so good in the sense the server mixed up our orders and took some time to prepare again, however the food was ok.Our server assistant (can't remember his name) was very cordial and provided us with a lot of laughs.The beach was nice, however to get there you had to take a chu chu train, which my kids loved and it is only a five minute ride from the The Club which is the new section where we were staying, to walk it takes about more or less 15 minutes which is nice early in the morning. The only negative part of the beach and pool at the Grand Paradise (which is the first section) had to many topless woman sunbathing around the pool and on the beach, eventhough there are sighs all over stating that this is not permitted. The beach was very nice and clean.The night shows at the theater were execellent and is done by the same staff that work on the beach and pool during the day. The staff at the Kiko kids club were very entertaining and we need to mention the attendant by the name of China, who my four kids really fell in love with. The bars only have very bad tasting liquor and will not be your kind especially if you are used to drinking good stuff, the only good thing here was the Presidente draft beer. The bar staff were execellent especially the bartenders by the names of Rigoberto and Daniel who worked most of the time at the main pool bar from The Club Our housekeeper Mirna was also very efficient having our room cleaned and tidy every day.All in all a very nice stay and we would like to go back there again on a next visit  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>jrlv05
<Content>Itsss noottttt oveeerrrrrr....ppl complain about the smallest things       gpb  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>canadiantraveller41
<Content>Great time!! It's funny how in the 4 reviews before this one, the 2 that hated the place were from the States, and the 2 that loved it were from Canada. I've been to my share of resorts, and let me tell you, this was one of the best time I've had. It's funny to read what people complain about - tip the staff and you're going to have a great time. They even decorated our bathroom with flowers. This resort was pretty cheap compaired to some, so dish out a little extra - knowing that it'll help the staff and be greatly appreciated - and just have a good time. Honestly, what difference is a couple dollars here and there going to make when you've spent this much to go on the trip in the first place. YOU'RE ON VACATION - LAY ON THE BEACH, DRINK, TAN, SWIM AND ENJOY YOURSELF. If you're going without an open mind and with way too high expectations, no kidding you're going to be disappointed.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	5	4	

<Author>mniii2002
<Content>the worst place I ever stayed in bad food, little or no a/c in room,frequent power failures, one set of stairs leading into large pool, no room service, very few speak English, doctor on call when he wants to be, no fans ANYWHERE, bathroom had cracked pipe, 15 t/v, no bottled water only gallon size in room refrigerator, lousy room maid service (even with good tips). Armed guards at front gate, unable to walk beach do to muggings.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>LADYLEANZ
<Content>PUNA!!! THE BEST rlz05 jrlv THE FLIGHT TO PUNTA CAna was nice and smooth we flew in frum new york. Me my boyfriend my friend and her boyfriend. As we fly in you can see all the resorts from above and the beatiful aqua blue water. The airport itself is beautiful, as soon as you step off the plane you feel that hot son.Make sure to bring sun glasses and plenty of sun tan lotion. The hotel is beautiful the peole who have left bad reviews on this place must beinsane ,everything is well kept.The workers are friendly.The room is nice and clean, most rooms come with double beds they only have about 20 rooms with king size beds .We put the beds toghther we didnt mind. The ac worked well we would leave the ac on so when we eneterd the room it would be nice and cool.There was hot water all times of the day do not drink the tap water.The maid kept everything nice and clean and she was very friendly as well.The buffet had differnt food each day.The pools were beautifil there were many shady spots but you have to wake up early to get good spots .The beach was the best part so beautiful the water was clean you see your feet and the sand was white.The best part was the beach. There are many things to do on the beachlike kayaking, boogie boarding , snokrlng and so on. The bars are always crowded and the drinks our waterd down. Mama juana was a highliht of the trip which is a liquor that is very popular in the dominican rep.There are many activies to do on the beach .The restaurants arent so great if i had to recomend one it would be the italian one which is called Micahelangelo... i woudlnt recommend the Taino restaurant service is horrible and the food is great.At the buffets it is hard to get drinks. Orlando was the best waitor and the girl who wrks as hostess for the breakfst buffet is nice she saids :Holla ,Holla so excting.As for excusrsions i would recomend Bavaro Splash in which you drive your own speed boat to the middle of the carribean sea and swim with fish and view lots of coral. This trip was the best and I would defitnitly go again  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Rowdyg
<Content>Don't believe any good comments people post Ok, Im not pulling any punches on this one. I have been travelling resorts since 2003. This is actually my second trip to Punta Cana, and I only went back because it was affordable. Mind you, every trip I've taken from Cancun, Puerta Vallarta, Germany, and Punta Cana have all had a low rate from me for one reason or another, but this one takes the cake!1. All inclusive should mean exactly that. The concierge folks waited in your room until you tipped them.. (tips are supposed to be inlcluded). Service was great when you first get there, we had to either go without drinks for dinner or get up and get our own from the bar. There was no service at the pool bar, it wasn't even a swim up bar, you had to take a trolley train to the clubs side of the resort to get to the swimup bar. 2. it's our 6th day back and I 'm still sick from the buffet food. I'm a male, and if I had any inclination what menstraul cramps felt like, I would say I have them! Food Selection was awful, mind you both times I was in Punta cana I got sick and both buffet were horrible.3. We booked two rooms, one for us ,and one for the kids, one room was not even ready after a 3 hour wait to check in. No towel service until late the first day, second day, third day and fourth day. No beach towel service the fist day.4 No tour, no direction or oreintation given. Brush up on yoru spanish cause English is not spoken very weel, if at all at this resort.5. The liqour was horrible, and they did not know how to make any of the drinks they state they have. I will say that the lobby bar and Luis at the swim up bar made some decent drinks, but no real activities for the kids or adults as they stated on the site.6. Mini bar consisted of a gallon of water and 1 coke and 1 sprite, which was to be refilled everyday, we got a refill the 2nd day and nothing else afterwards.7. One girl complained that someone had been in her room and I mean she was pissed. We had just come back from the other side (non beach) of the resort and she was in the lobby sayingthat she was going tosue this [---] place someone evidently went in her room and took something. Poor guy at the desk was like I've been here all day, wasn't me. 8. The beach was nice, but lack of shade or palm chairs. Pool was big but no real activities. If you wanted activites you had to go to the smaller swim up bar pool on the french' side. The food in the buffet there was much better too.9. if you stay less than 8 days you will only be allowed to go to 1 specialty resteraunt. We had two rooms, and they told us that if we wanted to sit together we had to combine the two dinner tickets into 1 because we were a family, otherwise the kids could go to one resteraunt and we could go to another. What a crock. I was in Cancun for 5 days and got to visit every speciaity resteraunt at least once!10. Take an extreme amount of sun screen. I'm black and I got sun burned! the Sun is extremely hot.11. The disco is on the resort but small and only plays Spanish music. Once again drink service is non existent and they still wanted tips. 12. The coco tours driver that pics you up for orbitz can not dirve. I wish I had taken my camcorder to record the drive and show it a a driving education class. 13. A/C in one room was not working as well, had to push one bed to the end by the patio doors to get any air.14. Requested a king size bed, got to the resort and had the concierge talk to the manager, whom gave us a look like yeah right, they actually said push the beds together, what kind of crap is that?!?!I5. and there is a 10 dollar tourist fee card that you have to pay to get into the airport! Wasn't told about that!We will probably never go back to Punta Cana, we thought it would be better and different if we stayed at a different resort..it was different alright. If you go, suggest the RIU, it at least had way better service and activites that pitted the different nationalities against each other is sporting pool games. We are going to stick to Cancun and other places in Mexico. DR is out, might try the bahammas or st. lucia aswell. I would not suggest this hotel to anyone, spend your money elswhere or go back to where you think you had fun.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	2	-1	-1	

<Author>melanoma06
<Content>bring the bug spray ok..well we go to our room and thought it was pretty nice, I have to say the place is nice on arrive. Ist night everything went ok. Must tell you if you never did a all-inclusive before you MUST book your dinner when we get in. Reserve all resturants asap you cant get in with out a reservation. 2nd night walked into the hallway and saw a big roach..YEs a roach. I know we are in the islands but i really prefer not to see them. We went into our room put on the lights and saw 2 more in our bathroom. Ok thought it was the norm for a island. As we tried to sleep that night we where watching some tv and another one ran across the screen...Well thats it! I cant sleep anymore. Next morning I went to the front desk and told them of our problem, they apoligized and told us someone whould come and take care of the problem. After returning from the beach we entered our room to the smell of bug spray. I forgot to say but my 6 year old was on this trio with us so had to smell this great smeel. That night went well no bugs. Next night they came back. Called the front desk and told us someone would come up asap. We waited and waited finally my daughter feel alseep and knock knock at 11:30 a housekeeper comes with a can of spray! Same smeel that we smelled before. We told her thats not gonna work. Next day back to front desk they said a extermanator would come soon. Well ok then but our stay is almost over. better late than never. Also be prepared to get harrased every morning after breaskfast my friend they will say trying to get you to by timeshares and jewerly. If you dont have the correct change they dont want to get you money back. I would return to punta cana but have to find a better place to stay. Sorry!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	1	3	3	1	

<Author>poison
<Content>Amazing Hotel - Stop complaining! After reading all the negative reviews on this hotel last year, I regretted booking here. But it was too late as I had already booked. When I arrived, I couldn't believe how amazing this place was. I couldn't find anything negative about it. The only thing I regretted was going for only one week. I loved it so much that I am going back for 2 weeks. I am leaving this Saturday and I can't wait!Here's some info for you:Food:The buffet had so much variety that you don't really need to go to the a la carte restaurants. Every night is a different theme (spanish, american, italian,...). The service was great and the staff was very friendly. I donéˆ¥æª› remember in detail what I ate, all I know is that I had amazing food every night. Bear in mind that I am from Montreal where the food is really good. If I liked the food at this hotel, it means something.Entertainment:They had the best show I had ever seen. Their dance routines were professionally choreographed. Don't forget that the entertainers are up early in the morning and organize several activities through out the day. At night, they perform at the show and after that, they go to the hotel's club to dance and get the party going. Speaking of the hotel's night club, only guests of the hotels show up there. If you think people from other resorts are going to come, think again. But if there are plenty of single people at the hotel, the club does get packed. If you don't like it, just grab a cab (ask the reception to call you one) and go to Mangu. Be careful at Mangu, I have heard stories of people have their drinks laced with drugs. Go their with a group of people and be cautious of the locals. If you are a girl, they will ask you to dance one after another, no matter what you look like. So if you crave attention, this is the place for you.Beach:Pure white sand and blue water, what more do you want? It can get rough at times, so be careful of the undertow. You can snorkel at the far left of the beach near the water sport rope, but there isn't much to see. If you walk further right and pass a couple of hotels, there's some better snorkeling, but nothing amazing, don't expect to see Great Barrier Reef quality fish.People:The guests were a mix of Europeans (french, german, spanish, italian) and North Americans. Note to single men: The Spanish women are incredibly hot. Learn a few words in Spanish and go talk to them. If you get lucky, you owe me a drink. Note to women: The entertainers will most likely hit on you. They are harmless, just don't give them any attention and they will move on to their next prey. Room:I don't remember what my room looked like. I was only there to sleep, shower and use the toilet. Once I had the runs and... never mind, I won't go into details. All you have to know is that the plumbing works great!Some people are frustrated with their personal and professional lives. They actually like going on vacation and complaining about everything. So they tell of the staff so they can feel superior and perhaps for once in their life they feel in control. Just go and enjoy your stay. Eat, drink, swim, tan, dance and leave your worries behind.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>svirid
<Content>I loved the place We were there last winter with my wife and a 1 year old child. I loved the place, the room can but we had a better one at Cuba Santa Clara resorts, but room is okay. Clean and nice view. We wasnt able to visit any al'carte restaurants with the baby, so the buffet was great. Baby wakes us up very early and we went to the dinner first so we had no problems with the lines. Many people are saying they had problems with the service getting attention, maybe, I had not much time to relax at dinner with baby so I was leaving $5 bucks tips every meal, in a day they started to remember me better, after that I had absolutely no problem with wine or beer.Never finish my glass. they were so quick. Very friendly. Just leave them a good tip, you are on vacation! Ocean was stormy but water was clean and u can see lots of fish swimming arond, unfortunately to my wife :-)Ones they disconnected the water they had some big problems but it was fixed withing couple of hours so not a big deal.Bad impression of the sales people coming once in a while to sell some junk inside the resort, once the price went from $200 to $15 bucks, just avoid them if u want to save money and mood.ANyway I think its a good resort for the money.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Suzi-Q_08
<Content>Ladies Beware! Some of the Dominican men at this resort are real players. What do I mean by that? They sweet talk the ladies and pile on the flattery. Sound harmless enough you may say? Not really. It's a game to seduce unassuming tourists in an attempt to extort money. First of all, the resort employees are not allowed to fraternize with the resort guests. The ones who do run the risk of getting fired, but they don't care because they're after the big easy. Watch out for the guys on the animation team....easy to spot....they are the workers with the orange shirts on who are in charge of beach activities and nightly shows. The waiters are not much better...particularly at the La Laguna buffet restaurant. If you want to know names....email me personally and I'll tell you. But to put it simply...if an employee asks you if you are married/single/have a boyfriend..they are on the play . The hard working, honest employees never get personal! The players however will ask you for your room number....a big no no!!!! They will also ask for email and cell phone numbers....don't give that info out! You can spot these guys walking around with their cell phones checking to see which poor girls have called them. They make about $6 US per day and have cell phones...laughable!!! Once you spot one, you see them all! You may want to google the word Sanky. It will better explain how these guys operate...because that's what they are called....sankies! In short ladies...keep your guard up. If a man knows you only a day or two and tells you that he loves you ..that's a big red flag. You wouldn't fall for that foolishness at home so why fall for it on vacation. If you want to hook up with anyone, go with another tourist. Stay clear of all Dominican men...locals and resort employees because most of them see you as their next meal ticket. One more thing....do not leave the resort at night and don't go to the beach at night...either alone or with others, it's not safe!Now about the rest of the resort....This resort was fairly decent and clean, but no frills. The entertainment was good sometimes and tacky other times. The buffet restaurants were good...lots of variety. I didn't eat at the a la carte places but the only one I heard was decent was the Italian one. The beach is beautiful and the pools are lovely. The service was a bit all over the place....good sometimes, but lacking from time to time. A word of advice...go to the buffet restaurants early for breakfast, lunch and dinner. As the hours go on, it gets crowded and the service goes down hill from there. Go to this place only if you get a really, really good deal. If you're looking for a posh resort, pick another one. Like I said, it's no frills. I don't think it really is a 4 star place...more of a 3 or 3.5 star at best.Hope this helps...email me for more details if you like.:-)  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>rdajabo
<Content>Great Vacations, Great People It's a shame that most of the people who take the time to write a review about this resort are those who were not happy with their stay. The average cost for this all-inclusive hotel is less than any overnight stay at a Motel 8 in the USA, so I truly don't know what they expected. Everything far exceeded our expectations, even if we had paid $100 per person per day, which neither us nor anyone else certainly did not. The facilities are beautiful and enormous and well kept, the ac could be a little cooler but we slept well at night. Our fridge was always stocked with water and sodas. There was a stocked coffee maker in the room and a working iron with its board. TV was a 32 inches plasma. The room was serviced every day.We were a party of 8 people (16 to 47 years old) and had a wonderful 5-day stay at Grand Paradise. The beach and the settings are gorgeous like everybody else agree, and the food was great. I was the only one who got sick but it was out of my own gluttony. Many people eat too much, get sick and, understanbly, speak lousy of their stay here, but I think it's not fair to blame the hotel or the staff.The staff is very professional and friendly. Christian Cuevas at the lobby, our maid Marcela Alvarado, Yoralaisa, don Alberto, Juan, they all were very nice to us. Fun is non-stop for those who look for it. The quality of the Las Vegas-sort-of show at the amphitheater is sound for the size. Food was great. The two buffets (we preferred La Laguna and you might as well stick eating there rather than trying reservation restaurants) offered plenty of options to eat. The meat might not be done to the American taste. All restaurants look great and their staff is always willing to help. Most of them are multi-linguals, so communication should not be an issue. Tip these folks as you would at any restaurant. They deserve it. There are shows at the beach and dance classes. We also sailed on sail boats and kayaks. One note for management: Set up an emergency crew at the beach. My daughter, who can't swim, and a friend got on a kayak and sailed away into the sea and did not know how to come back. Fortunately a gentleman from Australia saw them in distress and rescued them. This resort is well worth your money and then some. We also stayed 5 days at Barcelo Golf but overall our time here was much better. I would recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jodes08
<Content>Just not the right hotel! There was a group of 10 adults that came here from 18th June - 3rd July, and first impressions were great! We stayed in the club section and were welcomed by bell boys who were very helpfull and got us all a drink. The Weather was boiling the whole 2 weeks, got very burnt!!!! we used all our high factors and didnt expect to!Rooms: We were in block 7 (the so called refurbished ones!), again first impressions were great! Flatscreen TV, huge room, nice bathroom, but then you start to notice things that you dont like: I spilt a bit of make-up on the bed on the first night and this was still on there until the end of the 1st week, so obvu=iously dont clean them, our wardrobe door was broken by one of the maids, and nothinf never got done. Other people in our group paid for saftry deposit boxes that didnt work and couldnt get a refund,one had to go and reset his card up at reception EVERY night to get into the room, and even changed his card but still didnt work! Good air-con!Pools: Look beautiful until you look closer!!! We always stayed around the club pool (with pool bar) so cannot say anything about the main pool but it was quite dirty and only seen it being cleaned once! We have been to Turkey 11 times and them clean all day everyday and this is nothing like it! There was little earwiggy things all over the bottom of the pool where u get in and out, lights inide the pool were hanging off. We could always get sunloungers even in a big group of us, obviously the earlier u get up the better as you can pick where u want to sit!Beach: WOW!!! The best I have EVER seen! Clear blue water, white sands and shade if you need it, it was heaven! We walked for a hour to the right of the beach to the little market, good experience but very tiering!!! Not much to buy, if you want shopping/souveniers you would be better going to the little market just outside of the reception. Also the beach was kept fairly clean. Food and drink: Great! Not much bad things I can say about the food, always something different to eat so it wasn't repetitive, the waiters try their hardest, we did tip a couple but the ones we didnt seemed more friendly after that! Well the drinks... good choice on offer but absolutely horrible!!!! Restuarants and the boat bar were fine as there glasses were washed in a proper dish washer... everywhere else is washed in a disinfectant that they dont wash out so your drinks taste awful and a lot of us became ill. We told the rep about this but nothing seems to have been done.Entertainment: What entertainment?!!! In the thomas cook brochure it states that this is a lively hotel, well, i wouldnt call it that at all if your English! Its great for the French, they get their own animation team, beach parties (that every1 can attend but its all in French!), games round the bar, their own pool!!! The days were managable as there was bits of entertainment going off around the pool but not as much as im used to in Turkey!!! The night time was dier!!! Nothing at all to do, we was all in bed for 10 o'clock most nights! what kind of holiday is that!!!! there was the ampithetre which we went to probably 4 times, we didnt go anymore after that as every night was dancing shows and yes for the first 5 mins they are good but after that you get bored! The disco, great when u can get served without rude people stealing your drinks when the bartender passes them you after 20mins in the queue and also it was mainly spanish music, one night we did ask for english music and they played 3 or 4 songs.. we was grateful even for that! The best night had to have been the beach party (for the french!) we begged the dj 2 play english music and he did... all night!!! Was great!!Trips: We only managed to do one and im so glad we did, it was AMAZING!!! The Lazy day catamaran... and lazy it is not!! Its with Tropical Storm (through Thomas Cook) and on Saturday they have a irish tour guide (paddy of course!) and his trip just made our holiday worthwhile!! You go to see a shipwreck, ride the waves (very fun!!!), listen (and dance!) to lots of music, go down the biggest inflatable slide in the Dominican, with lunch and drinks all inclusive, it was bliss!! you also go snorkling, we didnt see much but did see lots of bright yellow stripey fish and lots of blue dori (off finding nemo!!!) fish!! I would recommend this trip to anyone who went to the dominican, its fab!I would definatley go back to the Dominican Republic but probably back to a different hotel. This is a cheap hotel and i suppose was worth the money but i think i would rather pay that little bit extra to enjo it more! Hope this review helps!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	2	3	4	3	

<Author>BabyNurse75
<Content>Horrible Food and Drinks....Rats!!! Don't waste your money or vacation staying here, unless you want to lose some weight and don't mind fat pregnant looking rats running around the snack bar near the pool. The room's a/c stinks, and no ceiling fan. The night shows are very good and funny, but that's actually it.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>l_dicesare
<Content>A Fantastic Holiday I did some research before visiting this resort, but i figured i would try it out myself before taking the opinions of others. I wasnt able to understand the negative feedback given to this high star rated resort offering countless ammenities and great entertainment to all its tourists, to say the least I had a fabulous vacation!We flew out of toronto on june 20 so you can only imagine the weather we were about to be in down south, very hottt! our arrival to punta cana was good the line up to go through customes was a little bit long at the Punta Cana airport but it went by quickly enough as they had girls dressed up in dresses taking there picture with you and greeting you amongst your arrival. we got out bags and headed out of the airport found our bus and were on our way to the resort, lets just say the drivers down there well i dont know if they actually obey the speed limit because according to our tour rep our resort was an hour from the airport and we made it to our hotel in about 30 minutes! not bad . we were immedietly greeted amongst our arrival at Grand Paradise and were offered some alcoholic beverages, yumm! check in was easy we had to wait about half an hour for our rooms but gave us a chance to check out the resort before we went and got our swim suits on! I was absolutly speechless, i had visited punta cana already but the beach and sand just takes your breath away. They had numerous pools too accomodate those who were not huge fans of the ocean and salt water. My friend and I ate at the buffet just about every night and our parents usually went to the restaurants (with reservations) which were usually booked a couple nights in advance, when people complain about not getting reservations..well what can you expect when you have hundreds of people arriving at the resort on a daily basis!The entertainment was amazing we are 20 and had a great time at the crazy moon disco which was set right on the resort right near the main lobby, we also went to the beach bar at night and had countless drinks until the sun came up! they put on great shows for the young kids and adults, which generally put a smile on all the tourists faces. We got involved in the beach dance lessons sometimes and busted our moves on stage at night, it was a time to rememberthe worst part of my holiday was packing my bags and leaving, so seriously take my review into consideration, nothing is perfect you pay for what you get and let me tell you we got a lot more then what we paid for this holiday, I myself and my family and friends were very impressed! thank the wonderful staff at this resort for providing us with a perfect getaway, which highly exceeded all of our expectations!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>colombia25rhps
<Content>HORRIBLE STAY I will begin how most others did, the beaches were beautiful, the water could not have been more blue.The outside of the Resort was beautiful and that was all that was good.The service was horrible, they treat you like your an idiot. Upon arrival we find out you have to pay for the safe. It was basically pay for the safe or have the maids steel from you. There rooms were bad. We had no lock on our back door and we were on the 1st floor. They gave you an ironing board but with no iron. We called for an iron and never got one. We had no clock in the room and when you sat on the beds you sank into the middle.The food was terrible. There are two lunch buffets with low-grade food. For dinner there was one buffet and a couple of restaurants. The restaurants are so booked that you can only eat at one by the end of your trip. You only get 3 coupons to eat at the restaurants, which is no biggie for us because they were terrible. We ate at the Dominican restaurant and were sick for the rest of the vacation.Overall, if you want to go to the Dominican Republic do not stay here. We spoke to many other people on the resort who were not happy with there stay as well. To be honest, I have traveled all over the Caribbean, and I would never go back to DR again. We met others from the other resorts and they all sound the same as ours, BAD! If you want a good vacation try the Bahamas or Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	1	1	

<Author>NYCteach78
<Content>Wish I had done my research I'm not a picky traveler, but I think I deserve some hospitality that is suitable for someone who has paid a nice chunk of change to stay at your resort.Let me begin with stating that the beach was beautiful (I'm sure this was the case at every resort on the island) and that the highlight of my trip was the fact that my boyfriend proposed to me.Service/Rooms:Now to the sad part...upon arrival, I was kept waiting at check-in for 20minutes as if a reservation was never made (mind you, I made it over a month in advance). I made sure to ask the guy if my room had an ocean view because I paid extra to have this amenity. Oh yes. You have ocean view and a view of the pool so I was fine with that. I get to my room, step out to the balcony, and all I see is the people at the pool and the building across housing the other guests. NO VIEW OF THE OCEAN!! Not even a glimpse of the horizon.So I spend two days speaking to a supervisor to get results. I guess they needed to see my ugly side. I got my room! Not exactly frontal ocean view, but suffice. I don't know what an air conditioned room means to this resort, but my room WAS NOT air conditioned. It had a vent that should have been the a/c but blew air as if it were a fan.I had two roaches in the bathroom. I'm from NYC so this isn't foreign to be; however, I shouldn't see this at a resort. I know that waterbugs are prevalent in Caribbean islands, but cockroaches? They surely weren't from my luggage!When I needed an iron and ironing board, I spoke to the maid outside the hall. She told me that I would have to call the front desk, fine. I called the front desk and waited for and hour and a half for results. Within that wait, I made about four calls to the front desk checking up on the status. I even spoke to the supervisor of the maids. She thought it was already delivered....um NO! So my boyfriend and I bugged the maid until she brought us an iron. The ironing board she got us....broken. Whatever. We thought to ourselves...it was hard enough to get something so we might as well keep what we got. As for the iron and ironing board we requested from the front desk.....never got it. Food:The buffet food was not friendly to people who are careful eaters. The Cana grill lunch buffet was better than the Laguna buffet because it had American cuisine. My poor boyfriend lost close to 10 pounds!There were a few specialty restaurants that required reservations. We only got to eat at one because the first few nights were booked and the second opportunity was lost due to getting back from an excursion a few minutes too late. We kindly asked for an exception since we had no control over the return time (our tour organizer told us we'd be back by 6:30p so we made a reservation for 8p). No attempt to try was made. The response we got was that we had a 15minute window and it was too late (it was exactly 8:15 when we got there).I'm glad that my boyfriend decided to propose the night before because he would have lost that chance had he waited for the last night.Transportation Service:Last straw....We were scheduled to be picked up by our shuttle bus at 12p. We arrived at the hotel lobby a little before 11:30. No bus ever showed up! It was 12:30 and our flight was at 2:55p. The airport was roughly 35minutes away from the resort. I naturally started to panic considering the fact that I was longing to get home and could not stand having another bad luck situation.I spoke to the public relations assistant who called our tour organizer. Mind you...we spoke to him two days in a row to confirm our pick up....he reported that the bus came at 12, called our room with no answer (of course there would be no answer since we had already checked out!) and that it would not return.Okay.....that was the last impression that that resort received from me....the VERY UGLY SIDE. If there's one thing I have no patience for, it is a false accusation.They apparently were going to send another van that was close by to pick us up (it was already 1p). A kind shuttle driver who overheard the whole thing (remember, it was my ugly side) offered to take us as a favor. Thank God for my Dominican savior. We told him our slight time and he got us to the airport in 25minutes!Overall impression:The resort was a service nightmare.Punta Cana is beautiful! I suggest going to another resort.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	2	1	2	

<Author>joloupip
<Content>Excellent location, hotel and service!       sunset - beach  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>3EKO
<Content>Not a bad place! The resort is huge. There are three different parts to it. Each part has its own large swimming pool, and Grand Paradise has two big pools.Two of the pools have swim-up bars. Most of the time the swim up bars are not busy, so you have enough space to enjoy the drinks. There are three or four hot tubs altogether.Beach is at the Grand Paradise side of the resort. Grand Paradise is right on the beach so it is very convenient. The beach is beautiful, although sometimes it is hard to find a spot under the shade. Water is great and the sand is flawless. Rooms are average. Beds were fine, A/C was strong. Water was leaking from the ceiling in the bathroom so the floor was wet most of the time. Balcony had a good view, and most importantly, the beach was right outside our pavilion. Service was terrible. They broke our luggage when they were bringing it to the room. They waited for the tip though. They didnéˆ¥æª› want to admit they did it. Manager was not much help. We did get him to tape the luggage in the end, with the help of our airline representative. Food was great. Main buffet restaurant had great tasting food. Great variety. Service, once again was bad, but if you focus on the food you donéˆ¥æª› care much.We visited two a la carte restaurants and liked the food there as well.Overall, not a bad place if you donéˆ¥æª› pay attention to bad service.I would go back if the price is right!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>vicki009
<Content>Amazing Holiday!       Sunrise on the Beach  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>AMBERMAMAHEWSON
<Content>My Wedding My family  I visited this resort in August 2004. This Resort was beautiful, clean, and the beach was everything you could imagen. Front Lobby has two grand stair cases. Exotic flowers and furniture. After traveling and the bus ride, we arrived at the resort and our wedding guest and I were in awe. Staff was very polite, although it took roughly an hour to get to our rooms. When we booked 6 months earlier we requested the honeymoon suite as the wedding couple. But were given an ocean view room with two double beds. The view was breath taking. But our room was nothing special for a Bride and Groom. We spoke with front desk and they said they couldn't help us with a room change. I found this to be of poor service to the Bride and Groom who undoubting should have a honeymoon suite.We had a wonderful time with Family and friends through the first two days. Then on the 3rd day we were informed our wedding which we had booked for 5PM Sunset on the beach for August 25th. Was moved ahead to August 24th. We had planned to have our wedding date on my Fathers Birthday since he had passed away and could not attend. This was disappointing, and again the hotel would not assist us in keeping the same date as planned. Also my fatheréˆ¥æªš identical twin brother who walked me down the aisle was very upset in the change of date. The day of the wedding I went to the Salon  spa to have a Gel nail repaired and painted before the wedding while I was getting my hair done. The girls in the spa had not seen a gel nail product before, but insisted they could fix it. The one girl tore the gel nail off but doing so also removed most of my actual nail. This was my RING FINGER. I felt a panic starting to set in, and they continued to tell me it was ok...and they could still fix it. I was in pain, but also worried that as my ring finger was bare of a nail. I asked them to do something. So I placed a small band aid over my open nail bed. And they glued a spare nail found in a vase to the band aid with hot glue. Then painted this to match my other nails. I was Horrified. I really did not know how to react. I left the spa before having my hair finished. This is truely the worst service at a spa anyone could ever recive.Also The morning of the wedding we were informed that the resort staff could not set up the beach for our wedding, as they said weather could turn at any moment. They then decorated the Lobby balcony for our wedding. My uncle spoke with the Hotel Manager and told him we did not fly 20 guests at $1100.00 each to hold our wedding inside a building. So we were able to continue the wedding on the beach without flowers or chairs.We paid $1200 US upon arrival at the resort for our wedding package, which we were told included a wedding coordinator. But of course we were told the wedding coordinator was away on business that week. Everything I picked out from the books was not done for us. Including type of flowers. I picked a local exotic flower in a small bouquet. I got large peach roses that were weaved into a flower display that went to the floor. The hired Judge did not correctly say our names. But we proceeded anyways. We did hire a band for an extra $375 US. Which were worth every penny. They played music on the beach for the wedding, and then followed us to the beach bar where we socialized with family as the played beautifully. During dinner they played the entire time. And also played 5 songs for us to dance too. Although the dinner it's self was great from what I heard. I myself The Bride did not get a meal... and family  I all informed waiter  staff three times, then was told the kitchen was closed. This was all in an hour and half from the start of dinner The day after the wedding, I went to the safe to get some of my things, and my Austrian Crystal Martini necklace and matching earring, with Emerald and ruby olives on them were gone. This was my wedding gift from my husband. I ran to the front desk to report this, but was told nobody could speak English and I would have to come back later. I kept going back every 10 mins and asked to speak to the manager Rueben. Nobody could speak English when I needed to report the theft. But on a different occasion I went to the front desk and asked for a room key to my motheréˆ¥æªš room. They handed me one key with no questions asked. This made me very uncomfortable as I only requested a room number and not even by name. This resort was very beautiful and the beach was even more amazing. But hotel staff was impossible and I felt very disappointed even with all the excitement of our wedding. The more time that has passed I feel more robbed of what should have been an amazing trip and celebration. I will NOT recommend this place to anyone planning to get married. OR looking for a place with great staff. If you are looking for a beautiful hotel and beach this is the place to go. DO NOT BRING ANYTHING YOU VALUE, BECAUSE THEIR SAFES ARE NOT A SAFE PLACE TO STORE THINGS EITHER.Other wedding guest staying at the hotel also reported theft of items, high heels, clothing, and money left in shirt pocket from visiting the beach market. My family is very easy going, and despite all this... we still look back and say what a great time. And laugh about all the mis-haps... But in all honesty no vacation or wedding should have this many problems.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	5	4	3	1	3	

<Author>michifus_39
<Content>Not a Good Option the Grand Paradise Bavaro We book this hotel through Yahoo Travel, we knew it was not a 5 stars hotel but, the reviues were not bad. The experience was terrible. 1) Hotel buildings and growns are really nice, the beach is wonderful, the main swiming pool was clean and nice gardens were very well keep2) Rooms: Basic dont ask for more than a bed (not good) just a table 2 chairs not in good conditions TV very old and you have to ask for tvcontrol at lobby, frig empty have to give some money to the maid to put some cokes in it, and they just give you 2 per day, for towels we need to be calling room service to bring them, we didnt got hot water, lights were minimun it was more like been in a cave3) Meals: terrible I m a chef and I can tell you all the food was the worst I have had in a long time. The main buffet was oughhh really terrible bad options, it look as the food has been waiting for long hours, basic options, all the things done frites were dark and tasted bad as the oil has been used for long time, bad pre ntation bad taste, bad by all means4)Restaurants: you have to really go fast for bookings if not you are out to get them, at the reservation desk they dont have the menues, they tell you to go and see them by yourself to know what they offer, that means you have to go all arround the buildings to see what they offer, when you go back to the reservation desk is cloose.5)They dont have any map for the hotel instalations so you dont know where things are6) If you dont keep moving arround you dont have any information about the activities going on, when you get to know them you arrive late or they are cancel because there was no people to do them. The show we shaw was really terrible we are still trying to undestand what it was.7) Front desk: was not bad they tried to do their best but didnt had all they need to work. They keep trying to fix problems all the time so they are overdone with problems and can give a good reception. 8)All the staff at the hotel are quite to friendly this brings to an unpleasant way of treatment as they sometimes goes for more than just good service, they are like flies all the time arround you ofering more then the hotel service. They are allways claiming for tips. If you tip them all the time things get better, they offer you better food, better drinks better rooms, better internet, better , better. What it sufers is you wallet, if you like this better bring quite a lot of small bills to get arround9) There are new building call The Club it is been said there are better but there are far from the beach, the pool there was really nice and the instalations there new bars, casino and buffet look better then the others.10) If you dont like stairs, better request for rooms on groungfloor, as there are no lift for the upper floors, and you have to walk arround a lot to get from the boulding to the restaurants, buffets and attractions, it is not a place to go is you have health problems.11) You you dont eat suggar bring some subtitues as they dont have many arround. Diets drinks are not very comon for them, just Diet Coke when they have it12) Pay if you can a little more and go to other hotels there are a lot arround and well that is what we do We change hotel we prefer to loose some money but get better stay in other hotel, we went just for 4 nights 5 days, the second hotel was wonderful really we are plaing to go back next year.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	3	1	1	

<Author>HAPPYTRAVELLER87
<Content>not grand paradise Arrival-We recently stayed at the not so Grand Paradise, 4 adults, 2 children and an infant, I had read some reviews with mixed feelings but as we left it until the last minute our options were running out so I plumpt for the Grand Paradise - on arrival I queued for approx 20 mins until I could check in (only 2 people on the desk at mid-day - mainly answering phones) check-in was fine, we were allocated two rooms close to each other and I asked for a cot in one of them which would be sent up with our bags, went to rooms, both seemed fine, nothing special but o.k. Our patio fdoor wouldn't lock which was a problem with the infant and the air con wasn't that cold but overall not bad. our bags arrived, but no cot, it was on it's way - (4 o'clock), we got changed, had some lunch, swim etc, checked to see if cot delivered, no, rang reception - be 5 mins, 1 hour later no cot, be 5 mins, went for dinner, at this time we child was ready for an early night after 9 hours of flying, went back to the room expecting the cot - nothing there, rang, it will be there in 15 mins, explained that the child was waiting to go to bed, so he said 5 mins. I went for a few drinks in the bar whilst my partner got our son ready for bed, I came back a couple of hours later to find no cot! - I stormed off to the reception, waited 10 mins to be seen and explained, the staff on the reception are so rude so I gave them both barrells which seemed to shock them, within 5 mins the cot arrived. Good start to the holiday.Rooms.Stayed in bock 4, 4321 and 4316, the even numbers are nice, they overlook the pool area and have the sun in the morning, our room 4321, looked into trees, fence and elecrtical sub station - no very nice.Rooms cleaned everyday - although the beds very soft, only 1 pillow each and are very flat, bed vallance stained and old - had to pay for TV remote.Water would go off for periods, or you would have only cold or only hot.Fridge - got Coca Cola and Sprite and small water each day as part of the all-inclusive.Food/diningBest described as [--] - each day had themed nights but the food always seemed the same, we were all ill as were a lot of people we spoke to, most of the time we had to lay our own table and get our own drinks, the place was under staffed and often ran out of cups, glasses and food.Gardens/BeachThis is the best thing about the hotel.PoolsNot too bad, never seen it cleaned and often had lots of sand on the bottom and scum floating on the top in places, at the weekend the hotel is over run with locals, these are so rude and loud, we had to get out of the pool one day as a lad was throwing rocks into the pool at other kids, and a couple we met had their kids (age 6) threatened and their snorkles taken off them. saying this they are quite large and nice and warm - the down side is that they are not suitable for the young as they are 5ft all over with no shallow ends.StaffReception - no help, rude, not enough - need sacking.Waiters - trying their best, made a fuss of the young lad, just too busy.Cleaners - good job.bar staff- did bare minimum but o.k.entertainment - o.k.Overall, I would give this hotel at best 2 stars, if you want somewhere to sleep and can put up with rubbish food and illness then go for it. If however you don't want to diet and would like a little service when you spend your hard earned money look elsewhere - everyone I spoke to says the Majestic is alot better!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	1	1	1	2	

<Author>LMIGUEL
<Content>Very Very BAD Some times we think people just say bad things but in the end is OK.But This Hotel is very BAD, with a lot of bugs and beds not made every day and with old sheets full of stains, please couples donéº“t go to this one  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>NYC_Liz71
<Content>I'll be back next year!!!!!       View from my room  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>mrodenheiser
<Content>Wonderful trip except for a couple speed bumps       Pool Bar  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	3	2	

<Author>DanyboyLongIsland_NY
<Content>Truly Paradise I stayed at this resort for 3days/2nights following a business trip with a coworker in Santo Domingo. After booking I started to have second thoughts when I came accross some of these negative reviews. I thought I had made a terrible mistake.Upon arrival I could not be more pleasantly surprised. The place is astonishingly beautiful. Truly paradise! I did not run into any rude staff. Everyone I approached was more than helpful. I wandered whether the folks with the problems stayed at the same place. I was in room 6325 and had a great time. This is an oceanview room. My first night we turned off the A/C and openned the balcony sliding door. The soothing sounds of the waves were as comforting as a lullaby. The beach itself is breathtaking with powdery white sand and crystal clear water. I would highly recommend this resort to anyone. You will not have staff waiting on you every minute of the day but can pretty much find whatever you need when you need it. I booked through orbitz and the price for an ocean view room came out to $66.25 per person inclding taxes. You cannot beat this price for an ocean view anywhere else.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>joaoYreina
<Content>Not bad for the price... My wife and I stayed at Grand Paradise Bavaro Jun. 26 to July 3. Overall it was a very good trip. First room was a bit funky, in Building 3. It had a moldy smell and and the bathroom was falling apart and there was no view to speak of. The toilet didn't flush but I fixed it. We complained at Reception and were given a new room in Building 6 with a king bed and a clean bathroom and a view of the pool and the ocean. The rooms are functional but not fancy. They all seem to need a bit of work. But it was fine, AC worked, shower was fine. The TV got a ton of channels in Spanish, English, French, Portuguese, Italian and German(ask for remate at reception). I noticed some people mentioned in the reviews that there were no face clothes, but our room had them. The maid worked very hard, you really should tip these ladies. All the staff at the resort are very hard workers. You can hear everything going on outside, drunk people yelling, people next door gettin' some. The resaturants were all good. But I can see why typical Americans would not like the food. The Buffet didn't have hamburgers, pizza or fried chicken fingers. They did, however, have the best red beans and rice, tropical veggies like yuca, tayote and green plantains, and tropical fruits like chinola. Lots of meats and seafood as well. Great coffee. Ate at two A la cartes, Taino (dominican) and Michaelangelo's (Italian). The Italian was ok, nothing special at all. The Domican place was one of the best restaurants I've eaten at in a long time. Amazing cream of Yuca soup, delicious Chicken stuffed with ripe plantain. At the buffet I often had to get up and get my own drink at the bar, or find my own clean silverware, but that didn't really bother me considering that we paid $550 each (including air) for 7 nights. Everyone works so hard, many live at the resort and work for 10 days straight then get three days off so they can travel back to their towns and be with their families.The beach was really nice. Impossible to get a palapa unless you get up before dawn. There are many palm trees you can sit under though. The sand is white and the water warn and clear. It gets rough toward the end of the afternoon. Overall, we were very satisfied with the resort considering what we paid. We are both Spanish-speakers too, so we didn't have any communication problems. I think that it's true that many of the staff had limited proficiency in English. The other guests were a mix of Spaniards, French, Canadians, other Europeans and a few other Americans. Everyone was nice except for the Gift shop ladies.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	4	4	4	1	

<Author>cruzita809
<Content>I'm Going Back For Sure!!! Loved It!!       Dario awww  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ph92z28
<Content>Dont stay here!!!!!! The Grand Paradise is anything but GRAND! The A/C in my room was broken when I arrived and they refused to change my room for 3 days!!!!!!!! (be aware of room 6323). I slept on the balcony in a plastic chair because it was to hot in the room. Once they moved me out of the room they instantly put others in the same room knowing that the A/C was broken and they were on their Honeymoon. The staff is very arogant and rude to all their customers, they could care less about your problem and you even have to wait in line to complain because everyone is complaining ! The 2 rooms I stayed in were both infested with CockRoaches, the lamps were broken, and most things were in a state of disrepair in both rooms. I've stayed in motel 6's that were a Hilton compaired to this place! The food was horrific! Lost about 5lbs from a diet of pinapple for a week because the rest of the food was nasty. Thier so cheap there that the maids were digging the used shampoo bottles out of the trash and refilling them for reuse!!! Dont stay here - Go to the Magestic Colonial I had friends staying there and it was absolulty wonderful ( I went there to visit 2 times with a day pass). This was the first vacation I've ever been on that I couldnt wait to be back home and at work it was so bad!!!! The grounds and pool were well kept, but everything else was a nightmare - once they have your money they dont care if your happy with your stay or not.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>Locita69
<Content>My second time there this time it sucked This was my second time to Punta Cana and at this hotel. My first stay was wonderful. So i decided to go back with my boyfriend. What a mistake. The first day we got there our door was broken the repairman didn't know how to fix it and my boyfriend ended up doing it. Plus we gave him a $ 10 tip before hand thinking he knew what he was doing!The remote for our tv did not work we went down to the reception area and were given 3 different controls. We were than given a $ 5.00 credit to use at the Casino and when we actually won they took the 5.00 away from us.One night we went to dinner and were not given any sort of drink, we asked 4 times. I must say the food was great. But thats all. At dinner one night we got up to go get desert and we returned we found out that our table had been given away!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	2	2	1	

<Author>PLAYAfan#1
<Content>Nice trip at Grand Paradise Bavaro Hi! I came back a few days ago from Punta Cana and I wish I were still there!We were 3 girls between 20-25 years old and we booked this hotel considering we had a very good price. Since I read a lot of bad reviews before leaving, I was concerned about our choice, but I'm glad I went because the reviews were wrong. I can't believe people complain so much on vacations... It is my third trip in an all-inclusive (twice in Cuba, 1st time in DR) and it was as nice as the other 4-4 1/2 * hotels I've been to.Here's my review:CHECK-IN: 45 minutes ride from the airport. Very fast check-in (5 minutes) but there were only people for 3 rooms...Don't forget to pay for the safe (20$) because they won't ask you. ROOM: Very neat, A/C worked well. Nice balcony. Beds comfortable. Fridge was stocked daily woth water - Coke - Sprite. Bathroom was minimal but clean. However, be aware that you cannot put toilet paper in the toilet otherwise toilets tend to block... and they really do! And it can be long before someone comes, so be careful! GROUNDS: Very nice, very well maintained. Big site but efficient transport system and everything is at a walking distance. It is the cleanest place I've been to.POOLS: Two pools on the main site, one with animation and music. Two pools on the Club site, both with a swim-up bar, one with animation (all in french). Very clean, nice design, nice scenery around the pools.FOOD: Main buffet on the main section was closed during our stay but beach buffet was open. You could go to the Club Section if you wanted better selection. Main buffet on the main section opened on our last day: very big, large selection of items, always stations of fresh omelettes and crepes for breakfast; pasta bar and meat stations for lunch and dinner. Nice variety from day to day (different theme every night).A la carte restaurants: Asian and grill were closed during our stay. We went to Italian (very good), International (good) and Dominican (average).BEACH: The highlight of the resort. VERY nice beach, white sand, turquoise water, palm trees on the beach, very large, lots of loungers. It was always possible to find shadow but palapas were impossible to get. If you want to do snorkeling, there is a small section with coral at the left of the swim section, where we saw many different kinds of fish.SERVICE: We had a very good service. Employees were always smiling and singing, whether you gave tip or not.There are, however, a couple of things that could be changed:- It is impossible to get change to tip employees at the reception. There is no bank on the site and the lobby and the gift shop never have small cuts for pesos or American money. We had to get change in the a la carte restaurants...- There was no ice cream on the main site, which was disappointing considering the very hot temperature!- The music was not so good: sometimes, in the afternoon, they played Eric Clapton, Dido, Bon Jovi...- Once again, the toilets issue could be taken care of... New pipes please!!!We had a very nice trip at Grand Paradise Bavaro and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it. Go with an open mind and enjoy, don't forget: you're on vacation! Have a good trip!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>christyn25
<Content>Don't waste your money Our friends were getting married in Punta Cana at the Majestic Colonial and we booked out trip too late and there were no rooms available at the Majaestic. The travel agent said Grand Paradise was just as nice and next door. All lies, well the just as nice part. My husband and I requested a room with a king size bed and were placed in a room with 2 queens. There was no remote for the television and the phone was sticky and had a nasty smell that was unidentifiable. The food was horrendous and no one spoke english. We requested a room change and had to wait 2 nights before being moved. We were also charged eight dollars to get a remote control for the tv. We made reservations for their Italian restruant and were denied service because my husband had on flip flops, yet he had on long pants and a button down shirt. Meanwhile they allowed another man in jean shorts and a tshirt with sandals on in for dinner. We were annoyed but I reasoned that their Italian food would have sucked anyway and we live where they make the best Italian food at home so who cares. As I said before our friends were at the Majestic Colonial so we went over there to see them and we shouldn't have. As soon as you walk in you know how much the Grand Paradise is lacking. We felt like step children the rest of the week. If anyone wants to go to Punta Cana stay at the Majestic. If it is booked, wait until you can get a room. It coss more but who cares? Have a nice vacation where things are done well instead of medicocre. Majestic is more americanized also for Americans who are wanting to converse with other guests in English. (No offense to any one else) Bavaro had my husband and I representing the states. Hope this helps anyone trying to decide where to stay.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	1	1	

<Author>WhensMyNextVacation
<Content>Nice resort, beautiful beach......but nothing's perfect! We (husband and I) vacationed in Punta Cana from May 27 to June 3. Airport Check from Pearson Inernational (Toronto):Got a last minute deal with Sunwing (for an unbelieveable price). I have to say this was the easiest travel experience I've ever had. At the airport check-in there were 2 people ahead of us in line....went extremely quickly....then left and had some breakfast......boarding, we were provided with plastic bags for any liquid items in the carry-on. Flight was delayed 30 mins leaving waiting for a crew member but we still landed on time. The seats are small, and the food just OK but a lot better than many others I've had. Free headsets and in-flight movie made the flight seem short.Punta Cana Airport:A breeze. Immigration and luggage claim was fast, then off to a full size, air conditioned Sunwing Tour bus which took us to our resort (and stopped at two others on the way). I really felt catered to by Sunwing. Only problem with them was finding the Sunwing Rep towards the end of the stay, however the information binder (tours, return flight etc.) was left at the Sunwing desk, just where they said it would be.Hotel Check-in:Again, really quick, took about 3 minutes total. We paid $20 for the room safe and were off to our room....luggage was brought up for us.Room: Wonderful. Main section, right next to main lobby and closest to the beach, pool and La Cana buffet restaurant. Room was quite large, ground floor, wicker table and chairs for lounging, patio chairs outside the sliding doors, ironing board and iron (small problem with the door on the closet being off it's rails, and a loose shower head, but nothing to even complain about really. I don't think I EVER saw not even an ant in our room (oh yeah, a mosquite once, which no doubt followed us in one evening). Room was cleaned very well every day and had fresh towels (no face towel though, as others have said).Grounds: Spotless, always being cleaned, well maintained, very, very pretty actually, both the main section and the Club Section to which we frequented because of the buffet there (we alternated between this buffet and La Cana for variety). The trolley ride there was perfectly fine. I found the whole place quite lovely, and very large.Beach:You'll hardly find a more beautiful beach. We were there for a wedding at nearby Bahia Principe and walked the distance, along the beach to the other hotel a few times. Absolutely beautiful. The Bahia is a 5-star, but any standards, but the beach at Grand Paradise is actually nicer. Grand Paradise is, I would say, a 4-star at best, and certainly does live up to it.Food and drink:Buffets were very, very nice. I usually stick to the buffets at resorts but the a la carte restaurants here were fantastic. We tried the Sea Food (very good, although no lobster or crab on the night we went), the International (great) and the Steak House (the Best). The Dominican restaurant, I found was just OK. But I never ran out of variety at the buffets. The food tasted fine. Both of us did have The runs. That's the risk you take when vacationing. I asked others at the resort and most didn't have any kind of stomach problem. And of course, NEVER drink the water. Stick to the Banana Mama (Hi Robert) , the Miami Vice and the Blue Hawaii. The wine is nothing to sing about but you'll always find most of what you want wait, except for a Caesar which is apparently not well know there - husband had to practically make it himself.Activities:Shows ranged from cheezy to quite good. I hear the 'disco' was OK. There's a club in the area called Rangoo which I hear is great....again, never made it there because we were too busy with the wedding. (I'll resist the urge to rave about the Bahia Principe). We didn't do any excursions primarily again because of the wedding, but I heard Soana Island as well as the jeep safaris are great. There aren't many motorized water sports however, just kayaking, para sailing, banana boat.Service: I found most people courteous enough but certainly did not go out of there way to speak english to us. Surely, the hotel staff make a minimal amount of money, so a little tipping goes a long way. And the one guy at the front desk seemed to take great pride in ignoring guests. I though he was a real jerk, especially at check-out when he intentionally would not even make eye contact with the long line forming, until someone complained to the guy from the Guest Services desk a way over and he came over and hauled out another 'clerk' to assist. Then check-out took only about 2 minutes. That guy needs to fix his attitude or else find a new line of work.Problem: Money - be advised - bring lots of U.S. cash and/or Royal Bank ATM card and credit cards. We both bank with TD Canada Trust and could not get ANY cash out of any of the bank machines at our resort or ther other resorts. Everyone had the same problem. Even the mall La Palma, a 15 minute cab ride away, which has two banks, neither one of them were of any use, yes, Cirrus, etc. We eventually had to go off the resort and thank God found a Scotia Bank to get cash. You're in the Caribbean - visiting a small, Third World country with obvious signs of poverty, everywhere.....be somewhat generous......the very fact that you can afford to travel there should tell you that you're way better off than 99% of these people....be prepared and don't forget you're not at home!Flight home:Again, an easy trip back to PC airport. Airport check-in and immigration, OK, long line-up but by far not the worst I've experienced. I would definitely travel with Sunwing again.Punta Cana:There's really not much to see or do off the resort in Punta Cana so go if you like the beach and pick a resort that has lots of amenities to keep you entertained with water sports, a good club and shows. But you'll have a relaxing week.Over-all:A nice vacation for all age groups. Was an easy trip. I would recommend this resort to friends and family. Just remember you're not paying for a 5-star so don't compare it otherwise you will find disappointments. But I do think it definitely merits it's 4-star rating. I read all sorts of reviews before going (good and bad), plus spoke to two people who've vacationed at this resort. My better judgement told me to go because I've travelled enough to recognize the difference between valid complaints and just people who are unpleasable and unrealistic in their expectation. Ola!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	4	2	3	

<Author>girlfromIpanema
<Content>Amazing Time O.K. This is the real scoop...so when travelling to another country please go with an open mind! Experience the culture and then you'll see how well things go. We had an amzing time! We loved this place from our room to the staff, food etc. The most beautiful beach ever! I would not hesitate to go back to this paradise. As far as those bad reviews I can only say you must experience things for yourself as everyone has an opinion. Any questions or other info I can share regarding this resort ...you may contact me!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>ASKToronto
<Content>Nice hotel, Very poor service The grounds of this hotel were very nice. The beach was great and our room was nice. However, the others we were with had to keep switching rooms due to leaking ceiling in bathroom and no hot water. The staff was the worst of all. They did not speak 1 word of english (no exaggeration).. and were quite rude. The service at this hotel was awful. No one was friendly, and any requests you have, pretty much forget it... Most people from the plane got sick from the food. The food tasted good, but there must have been something in it as everyone was sick with mild food poisoning. The buffet restaurant was closed, so we had to take the trolly to the other end of the resort... The trolly would always break down or just wouldn't show up... so it was better to walk.and finally and the worst part of all was the check out.... it took about 3 hours... They were sooo slow... and no one got to eat breakfast... there were screaming matches with staff and tourists... and security had to get involved.... This hotel looks like a 4 star... but after 3 days you come to realize that it is a 2 star....I would not reccomend this hotel to anyone...  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	5	1	1	3	

<Author>NyTuristas16
<Content>AMAZING STAY!! =0) Ok, Me and my boyfriend stayed at this resort and thought it was amazing! Were both 21 and from NY- so were young and it was the first time staying at an all inclusive and it was great. At first we read the reviews and was kind of iffy about it and didn't know what to believe, but it turned out to be awesome. We first got there and did not like the view from our room at one of the buildings and we asked to switch, which they had no problem to do so, and got a pool view which was awesome cause we could just walk out the balcony and go in the pool. Also the service was great the food was great and the drinks were great!! It was nice because they had their own club at the resort, and all activites and shows planned for the days. There was a guy BENITO, he was very nice and he helped set up excursions throughout our stay, and which was so convenient then calling yourself and doing it on your own, which is I would not recommend as well. They have ATVS- Which I definately recommend where you go to this hidden cave and amazing beach!, Saona Island- which is PARADISE, and Carribean festival- which is sort of like a party boat and you swim with the sharks and snorkel- (on the boat the safety guy- EDDIE- he is really cool and helped take a lot of pics for us and of us)-. The beach at the hotel was amazing and unbelievable and the staff was soooo ENTERTAINING!! They really are hard workers over there and you definately see it. -- TIPPING IS VERY BIG and they really appreciate it - the staff, cleaning service, and the drivers of the bus and anyone who takes the time out to help you out. I would say the only thing that was bad was that the first room we recieved the A/C wasn't working well, and the lights were burnt out. But the repair guy switched it none the less, but we also switched rooms. Thats about it! Be careful with the whole VIP thing, people come and ask you to set something up just say you already did it. Overall I MISS IT AND WANT TO GO BACK TO PARADISE!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>curlygurl413
<Content>Disgusting, Horrible Resort!!!!! My best friend and I stayed at the Grand Paradise side of the resort from 6/6-6/9/08. Thank GOD we only booked a short weekend getaway. This place was terrible! Terrible service, we couldn't get any answers, no one wanted to help, the food was DISGUSTING...I ended up spending the last night there sick to my stomach. We were sexually harassed the entire time (we are two young women), and continuously being solicated to buy from the vendors. Our door did not work, in fact one night my friend woke up to a man standing over her bed because the door flew open in the middle of the night. Thank god we weren't killed. Everybody was begging for tips and we were just never left alone. It was not relaxing at all. The beach was the only nice thing about this place. I would NEVER go back though. Not even to another resort in DR. There are many other beautiful countries to visit that aren't third world.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>FortMacNewfie
<Content>The best resort thus far... Me and a friend who i haven't seen in 20 Years decided at the last minute to stay at this resort,,,We were treated like Royalty.We arrived from the Airport, came to the front desk passed the guy 40.00 for the safe key for 2 weeks, and gave him another 500 pesos(15.00) tip, this secured any problems we might endure during our stay, we had a couple with lost cards and were put to the front of the line when this would happen. Get 2 cards when you are staying in the room by yourself, 1 for the Room and the other put into the slot for the AC,,,tip the cleaning staff (100 peso's about 3.50), and she will leave the key in the AC slot, and the room will stay cool the whole day. Remember to take Showers at night because the majority of the guests take it in the morning(cold water we take for granted, down there don't , it doesn't last long) Remember to bring shaving cream, razors, toothpaste, antacids, ect....the Lobby stre is expensive and if you need something they don't have ,,,they call the store in town and you pay for delivery, (it cost me 40 american to deliver 50 antacid tablets).You want Royal service beyond the usual drink and food item,,,Tip the staff that services you the most,,,,We tipped the Cooks in the Buffet and Fish restaurants, we tipped the the bartenders and servers, We tipped alot of people,,,,the reason became evident when we were given special treatment, from the start,,,we were going to go to the fish restaurant, but they came to us at that beach bar, Shimp, Lobster, champange, red table cloth, a friend of ours was leaving on the last day, and he wanted to get something to eat before the plane, the buffet would open in 2 hours for dinner, but we told the chef and he made lunch for him while everybody was still eating Breakfast,,,,,On the last day we were there we had a meal of anything we wanted,,,,oh and we didn't eat in any of the restaurants , used no vochers, and they came to our bar table and asked what we would like for Lunch, Dinner , and Late night,,,The Bartenders were Great, no complaints,,,Fresh Banana Mamas, Blended in a blender, fresh fruit, and no ice for us, wicked,,,,Maria, Sandy, and Benardo Pie Rock.It was a great time and it only happens once a year for me for 2 weeks, and my friend gets 3 weeks a year,,,,,and now for the question that you want to know......How much for the Tips?Here goes.....Bartenders about 500 pesos a day each(1000 a day( 40.00), Cooks (about 750 aday each), all in all about 50000 pesos(1500 dollars), we did't care because it is 2 weeks of relaxing and never having to dress up for dinner, we loved them for that and we will go back in a heartbeat,,,,Oh and if you have kids your taking down, the beaches have women with no tops at times,,,,just to give you a heads up...Have fun and Peace out  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>vacationspotsfanatic
<Content>Hate it, not worth what i paid for This was the second time i visit this resort. I first went there two years ago. Back then, the service was good and of course if you tip the employees here and there then you were treated even better. Everyone was nice and friendly. The rooms were in good condition, clean, with everything working properly. I just returned from my trip last night and i swore never to return to that resort ever again. There was absolutely no service, you have to do everything your self. Every day for lunch and dinner i had to have a scavenger hunt just to get forks and napkins. The tables were never set and if you depended on waiting for someone to bring you your utensils to eat, then i might as well have starved. during my 10 days there only one waiter was nice enought to wait on my table and offer my friedns and i drinks, napkins and forks. I noticed that unless you are from Europe than you get absolutely no treatment (they focus on servicing the europen cliens donot service the other guests). The keys to my room and my friends room only worked every other day. Seven times in total i had to go to the reception desk to tell them my key was not working and i could not get in the room (while in the reception desk another gentleman was there complaining about the same problem). Everytime i complained that my key didn't work they would ask me if i wet the key and every time i had to tell them no because the key was always left a water proof bag nowhere near the water. the alsways gave me the excuse that me key then need to be reprogrammed and the following day i would have to return again to over the same problem all ove ragain. I had absolutely no phone. Who ever had stayed in the room before me had cut off the phone line. The refrigerator did not cool any of my drinks and every time i turned on my TV the fridge would start making noise and would begin to vibrate to the point that it moved the entire table it laid on. At one point i had to run out of the room because i thought the fridge was going to blow up. All these problems were reproted to the front desk the first day i arrived at the resort, and they were fixed the day before i left. I cannot not lie that the place is beautiful and peaceful with a beautiful beach and pools, but the service was unacceptable. Resort is very big it has rooms in the from entrance about five new buldings with rooms and two pools with swim-up bars, but in order to get to the beach you have to take a small train the resort keeps running all day. In the back end where i stayed are seven more buildings with two pools and the beach. Two of the restaurants includint the main one in my area were closed because they were being renovated.In order for me to go to dinner evey night i had to take the train ride to the other side of the hotel. The resort is too big with not enough employees. during my first night there during dinner i askes the waitress for a drink two times i had to ask her and i never receved the drink so from, then on my friends and i had to look for our own forks, knives and napkins and i had to go up to the bar and get the drinks myself, but onece your at the bar the waitors tell you to sit and that they wil take your order which never happend. I donot recommend anyone to go to this resort it is not worth what you pay for.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>inspectorjavert70
<Content>Place: OK Service: THE WORST ANYWHERE!!! First let me say I am a seasoned traveller who has stayed at many resorts in many countries. I am also very easy going. I would clean my own room and make my own food if I could. I am 180 degrees from demanding. That being said, this place is the worst of the worst. I couldn't believe all of the guests complaining to uncaring service people, and what was more shocking is their complete lack of caring. They couldn't have cared less if a guest had a complaint, and there were MANY. I swear I must have witnessed a dozen people just insanely angered every day, and these were only the ones I saw. From the minute we arrived and had to wait an hour TWICE to check in (one hour to tell them we were there, another hour 3 hours later to get our key to the room) It seemed like the more people who were waiting for service, the more people working the desk would disappear. At one point there were 20 people waiting to be checked, and only one (inept,slow,maybe braindead) person working the front desk. In all my life had never even heard of such a thng, much less see it for myself.I discovered later that the only thing the owner of the hotel wants to do is sell VIP packages that have to pay an annual fee. The vacationing guests they obviously had little if any care for. The beach was nice enough, but was covered in garbage and cigarette butts untill about 10 or 11 a.m., when the service people finally came out to clean (doing a poor job at that).The waiters were inept (somehow a diet coke sounds like a rum and coke. Good thing I am not a recovering alcoholic, after taking a sip of that strong drink I would have fallen right off the wagon.) I ended up getting up and getting my own drinks after 6 or 7 such mistakes (for the record, I speak perfect spanish, there was no mistake on my part, just incompetence on theirs)Don't even think about leaving the resort. Absolutely nothing to see. I took a bus to the nearby (one hour ride) town of Higuey, where we were harrased my touts non-stop (no exageration) for 4 hours. Dirty, disgusting, and completely pointless trip indeed. I felt like I was back in Bombay, but 10 times worse. Absolutely horrible.All in all, if you have the patience of Mother Theresa, you might end up leaving with your wits in tact, but needing another vacationing regardless. Spend your money elsewhere. There are many all-inclusives in the area and in other countries. SKIP THIS ONE!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>sunlover5759
<Content>great time My husband and i went April27 to May 4. The weather was awesome in the 30 's everday . We both love the hot weather so we sure weren't disapponted. The food was better than what we expected but i am not much of a picky eater anyway neither is my husband. I thought the coffe was really good as i am Timmy's addictWhat can i say about the room only that it was cleaned everyday, fresh linen on the bed and clean towels everyday. Our fridge always had water and coke or sprite didn't realize till a few days that you could get diet coke oh well will know for next time.Our room was in the 2 block so we just had a short distance to the pools and the beach what a great view we had wasn't expecting that.We had hot water everyday and good pressure.I was warned from a co-worker about the washclothes so i just took my own and left them there for the maid if she wanted them or not it was up to her.I also left shampoo, body wash, shaving cream,razors. We always left a little somthing each day as a token of our appreciation of the hard work they do as they do put in very long hours..The drinks a little watered down i found but not much of a drinker anyhow. My husband really enjoyed the beer though. Took travel mugs with us so we didn't have to go to the bar as often. Didn't get sick or have the runs. The pools are really nice hung out at the quite pool most days. The ocean just a little to rough for me,but what can i say about the sand nothing like it here.Can't wait to go back,. Looking forward to next year.I am starting to plan it already. Best vacation ever.Joyce and Pat  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>karpet
<Content>10 DAYS OF PARADISE       Punta Cana  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>PokeJake
<Content>Great Value! I've read many reviews for many hotels prior to traveling. All I have to say is, take it all with a grain of salt and remember that you are going on a vacation! We stayed at Grand Paradise May 14-18 (family of 4 with 2 adults and 2 children) and had a great time. THe hotel was recently redone and all the ammenities were fantastic. The staff (I don't know what the other reviews are talking about) went out of their way to help us with our dinner reservations, and things to do and see outside of the resort. We already booked our return stay for next year!  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Ginger64
<Content>Resort was very nice but make sure you bring your own FACE CLOTHs! We ( all 22 of us) stayed here between april19-26Upon arriving we were suppose to be at the beach but got put in the club which was great cause the rooms at the beach are dark  dingy  the rooms at the club were nice ,clean  very bright.. we wanted rooms pool side but got put on the woods side on the bottom floor which i didn't feel safe at all..some of our patios doors didn't lock..The food terrible...i lived off pizza which was very good  their pasta  their breakfasts were really good to.The stuff in the mini fridge is very expensive..your only allowed 3 pop a day  one big bottle of water  if that water is not gone they do not give you a new one..NO FACE CLOTHS!!! you got to bring your own..only limited to 2 towels a day so we had to steal them off the maids cart.The bartenders are very nice..the last couple days into our trip they closed down our pool bar at 5:00 so the bartenders from there could go to this new bar they opened up..its like a big ship.. which drinks are not FREE..imported liquer at  $7.00 a drink..IMAGINE when i can go to the pool bar 2 mins down the way  get freee drinks..we had no hot water in the afternoon some of my friends had no power in the afternoon..BEWARE .. maids will let you in your room with out checking to see if you are the one really staying in there..if you lose your key..example- my friend was drunk  he got the maid to let him in his room but it wasn't his room  there was a couple in bed..they were very surprised...so make sure your doors are locked!!The disco is very good but watch out for the locals!!The Bavaro beach is fantastic!!I wouldn't go back this to this resort .. there must be something better!!  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	3	5	2	4	3	

<Author>youngdeanna1
<Content>Amazing Resort Just returned a few days ago and this place was amazing. Just my sister and I went and had an awesome time. ROOMS: We stayed in the Club section of the resort which the rooms are older. Really clean but bathroom fixtures and stuff were older. NO BUGS!! Except when they would put fresh flowers on our bathroom sink, there were little insects in them. We would throw them out right away. We were to get two double beds but ended up getting one king size because the resort was over booked for the Dominican Labour Day Weekend. That was fine for us. Flat screen tv, which we never used was in our room. Hairdryer, coffee maker, AC, iron  board were all in the room. Be careful using the phone, you have to pay each time you use the phone. They charge you when you check out. The Grand Paradise section (not the club) is newly renovated and the rooms are much nicer but you have to take a 10 minute trolly to get to the beach and restaurants. Trolly is fun but waiting around for it is a nuissance. If I go back I'd stay in the older section just to be that close to the beach.RESTAURANTS: Two buffets to choose from one in the Club section and the other in the Grand Paradise section. Both were excellent. Breads, assorted deli meats, deserts, pasta, meats, etc. Very good. Breakfast was the best at the buffet - bacon, bread, yogert, cereal, crossants, muffins, etc. There's also La Cana Grill which is open during the day they have hamburgers, hotdogs, deli meats, fruit, pizza, fries, chichen, etc. Also there's a la carte restaurants to choose from which you have to book in advance. We only tried the Itilian, which was really good.BEACH: Awesome!! Clean, lots of beach loungers. Water is warm. If you have kids be warned lots of topless women. Also around the pools even though there's a sign that says No nudity. Beach was my favorite part of the trip, truly amazing.POOLS: 4 or 5 pools to choose from. Swim up bar on the Grand Paradise section. We mainly stayed around the pools in the Club section. Clean.EXCURSIONS: Definitely recommend the Soana Island Catamaran Tour. It's a full day trip from 7am to 7pm. Try and get a seat up front in the bus so you can see the view. Beautiful place. Took about 2 hours to get to the fishing village where we take the catamaran to the island. It's on the Caribbean Sea which the water is even nicer. Really calm, no waves. Catamaran ride was about 2 hours to get to the island. We stayed on the island for about 3 hours, then took a speed boat back which was so much fun. I recommend packing a light snack for the morning ride. Around 12-1pm they have a big lunch set up on the island, which was good.SHOPPING: Just outside the resort there's a place called Punta Blanca it's a marketplace only 5 minute walk outside the resort gates. You have to barter for items. I suck but my sister got us some really good deals. Always start at 10% of what they are asking, they tell you crazy prices. We walked outside by ourselves it was completely safe. No bad experiences at this resort. Also towards the end of our stay some locals came inside the resort and set up tables to sell items. There's also people going up and down the beach.ACTIVITIES: We weren't much for the nightlife, we got every morning between 5-6am to hit the beach and pool so by 10-11pm we were done. We tried to get as much daylight that we could. Most of the activities were either done in spanish or french and we only understood english.PHOTOSHOP: There's a photoshop on resort and they have photographers going around asking if they can take your picture. You don't have to buy it if you don't like it. We loved the pictures and ended up booking a session. Very professional looking photos and we had a blast doing it. We booked with photographer - Pablo, and he is very talented. Definitely recommend this.LANGUAGE: We only speak english. Most at the resort are french canadians. We found it a little frustrating at times getting directions and asking for things but we got use to it. Most of the staff only speak a small bit of english. Most tourists at the resort were french.I would definitely recommend this resort and I'm thinking about going back. Punta Cana Bavaro beach is awesome!!  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>cocktailssunset
<Content>7 out of 10 aint bad Mills family West Bromwich, EnglandA enjoyable family holiday. Food is excellent the late night grillbar was good for a snack after one or two cocktails(or more ha ha) the main restaurant had a theme night every night food from around the world.Seafood restaurant right on the beach, Italian restaurant and a Chinese restaurant and a Grill Bar (Reservations only) Well worth a visit to them all ( Strict Dress Code applies)The rooms were cleaned everyday and the fridge was stocked up daily also clean beach towels left daily. Entertainment evenings was colourful and enjoyable but not much in English but you were still able to enjoy it. Daytime entertainment nothing in English, Nightclub and Casino worth a visit. Good 24hr Bar with snacks (nuts  Nachos).2 nice large pools and plenty of loungers beach fantastic be sure to take your snorkle, good gym so you are able to keep an eye on your weight, after eating all the good food.Staff we found to be freindly but english very poorly spoken. Most guests were not english only 6 english familys in our hotel.(very big hotel)Weather excellent. There is a small market if you take a stroll up the long drive way out of the hotel.Overall 7 out of 10 aint bad for the money.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	4	2	-1	

<Author>jules30SaintJohn_NB
<Content>Great Vacation Spot A friend and I just visited Grand Paradise Main Secton on May 1st to May 8th. All I have to say is that I am not sure what people are complaining about. I had a wonderful time. You have to go there without high expectations. A four star resort there compared to a four star resort here have huge differences. I can honestly say that we had no problems at all. Our bathroon had a small leak from the shower but we didn't even notice it until 5 days into the trip. Another thing I should mention is that we had heard that they didn't provide face clothes. They actually did when we got there, but they only provided 4 for the week and didn't replenish them. But we also didn't ask for them to be replenished either.To start - Sunwing was great - no problems with the plane, travelling, anything like that. Reception desk, friendly nice - no problems.Our room - we stayed in Building 3 on the second floor room 3210 in the Main section. We thought we were going to have a garden view and we had a pool view, so we were pleased with that. It was just gorgeous. We had an alarm clock, coffee maker, iron, 2 double beds, sitting area, safe ($), mirrors, - no problems at all with the rooms. We had a mini fridge in our room which had water coke and sprite in it and that was all included - no problems at all and she kept filling it back up every day for us.We went to the entertainement every night - it was great, funny. Good times. The disco was good, great music and dancing. Every day by the pool there was aerobics, activities, spanish lessons etc.... Always something to do if you wanted to do something. Music played by the pools in the afternoons.The staff at both parts of the resort were extremely friendly and helpful. The maids were great, the bartenders were great and so were the entertainment staff. Abraham at the swim up bar in the club section was hilarious...go and see him - he is totally worth it.We did notice that the club section catered to the French. The main section spoke in all 3 languages (english, french and spanish) but we went to the club section for the day at the swim up bar and we noticed that their daily activities by the pool were only spoken in french.The food - we went to 3 a la cartes - in my opinion the Domincan was my favorite compared to the Steak House and Seafood. Mind you I am not big on Seafood and steak is steak. The buffets were great. I am one of the most picky people I know and I never had a problem finding anything to eat.Pools were always clean, the beach of course - BEAUTIFUL. We were up by 6 every day, but we didn't put towels down on chairs until 7 or 8 and went for breakfast and then came back to our chairs. Even then there were chairs left at the pool and on the beach. There was one day where we didn't have towels down and we tried to get a chair by the pool around 2 in the afternoon and it was pretty hard as it was such a hot day.We did one excursion - Saona Island - beautiful - whiter sands, calmer waters, warmer waters....just beautiful. I probably wouldn't to the same one again as I already have, but it was nice.All in all it was a great trip we met so many great people. Everyone was friendly. All around I really can't complain about one thing and I would recommend this place to anyone!  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>SStephens717
<Content>Grand Paradise is a Great Place to Stay       Beautiful beach and water  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>agusia79
<Content>Resort is nice but the stuff and service is terrible!!!!! The resort overall is nice and it has really nice beach. When we got there we had no idea that service and people working there are so unwelcome and rude. No one told us anything about the resort, how it works and what to use. We have been in different resorts before and so far that was our worst experience ever. The service in the restaurant was terrible, food really was better at the buffet (and service). We aren't kings, but we did expect better treatment from the people working there. When ever we asked a question we felt like they are doing us a favor answering it. If you go there, the reservation dinners aren't worth it, so don't do it!!!!!! Food is the same every day, nothing really special. Shows are ok, so if you go hope you will have better experience than us and enjoy what ever it is, well happy vacations!!!!  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>2	4	3	3	3	2	1	2	

<Author>travelsoutsidecanada
<Content>"Wonderful vacation!!!" I will start by saying: don't listen to the bad reviews!!!!!I read all the reviews before we left in our vacation (May 1-8) and to be honest I was a little stressed out with all the bad reviews i read. But.....I did not see any of the bad things that people wrote here. So I guess they would have to look for 5,6 stars hotels from now on...in Europe not in Dominican and they will probably sill not be happy.Anyways.....1. We booked our vacation with sunquest and we were in the sunquest select section.2. FLIGHT - absolutely wonderful (both ways)....3. we were picked up from the airport in a really nice bus and the trip was around 30 min. to the resort4. ROOMS - we were in the sunquest select section and the rooms are great: new, clean, no bugs or spiders, no leackings, we had hot water every day (we were in building s7 and 8), we had new sheets every day and clean towels.6. THE RESORT there are 3 parts of the resorta. the main resort - right on the beach, with pools, restaurants but the rooms are olderb. the select section - the rooms are great, and it has its own pools,jacuzzi, bufet, bar, tenis court, kids club, minigolf and others, The staff here is great and I liked the food here better than in the main resort (more variety) also it was not that crowded as in the main resort.c. the club section - has the building from 1-6 which also has its own pool. I cannot say more about this section as we did not go there at all.7. FOOD - there was plenty of food, really good, something for everybody and the fruits were great.8. BEACH - we had to walk aprox.5 min from the select section to the beach but we really enjoyed it....it was a nice, short walk but if yu didn't feel like walking you could take the troley that would go every 10 min. The beach is AMAZING - the best I saw so farI hope this will help people relax when they go there.....f you have any problem at all, the staff was ready to fix it right away. We were 4 families and none of us had anything to complain.EXCELENT TRIP and i would return here any time.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>fefe1979
<Content>Not fabulous, but not horrible       View from Building Six facing the pool  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	4	-1	3	3	3	

<Author>shabana07
<Content>AMAZING TIME! -dont listen to bad reviews I just returned from grand paradise a week ago, at first i was kinda scared with all the bad reviews, but i was so impressed!we stayed in the club section, which was amazing! they are still building bars, restaurants etc when we were there so they should be ready in no time! while we were there tey rebuilt a whole new spa! ROOMS-when we first got up to our room our air conditioning was making fun noisies so we called front desk and they came up and fixed it right away and offered us a new room. Also there was no clock in the rooms so in a way that kinda sucked. Other than that the rooms were very nice and clean!STAFF-the staff there is amazingg and so friendly, ALWAYS smiling, singing and offering anything you may needFOOD-the food was good... we only ended up doing on a la carte which was good (asia). I have a very weak and sensitve stomach so i was kinda sick but that would of been a number of things. i sitll enjoyed the food and the buffets were good!BEACH- most amazing beach ive ever seen... constantly cleaning it...we walked down the beach and i found ours to be the best beach it was awesomeePOOLS- there is 4 pools, 2 in club and 2 in the other section all of them are very clean and niceENTERTAINMENT- we went to the shows every nigh and they were a lot of fun and entertaining, they sometimes get the audience involved which is funafter the shows we would go to the disco (which is good) or down to the beach bar!overall i loved this resort it was very big so you meet a lot of people and its a great time!  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>behrad
<Content>four times in dominican rep, never had such a bad experience Toronto, canada Date:April 24, 2008Grand Paradise BavaroI've been in punta cana and purto plata several time and had never such a bad experience of a resort like this, (Grand paradise bavaro ) The service was terrible, not usually a complainer, but this one pushed me to the edge.The staff at the front desk ahhh, heediess, slow and bitter. The mini bar fridge is not included in your all inclusive package and you'll be charge for everything you touch in there.Satelite TV. didn't work in our room and till the last day of our vacation we were waiting for someone to come and fix it, never happened!!!!!The Hotel has a cash bar which, we did not realize at first and had to pay for domestic beer ( presidente) $5 USD each, which is free every where eles, our room was changed 4 times cuz , it wasn't the right one, entertainment awful, no music anywhere, The piano bar was only a bar no piano, and no music anywhere at the bars and pools, I believe, sunquest made a bad choise of calling this hotel one of their own selected resort and rated it for 4 star.I will never go back to this hotel again and never recommend it to anyone. The funny part is that before this trip I read the reviews about this hotel and most of them was bad, but I thought sometimes people are not fair and they expect to much, but now I am one them and agree with all !!!  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sydneytraveler_8
<Content>Not a 4 Star!!! Grand Paradise Bavaro - April, 2008Although I had a wonderful time I can't give the credit to the Grand Paradise Bavaro. My husband and I travelled with family and decided to make the most of it. The grounds were beautiful, as well as the beach, but that's pretty much where the positives end. Our room was supposed to be ocean view but we had to literally twist ourselves into a pretzel in order to see a wee bit of the ocean. My brother and sister-in-law were supposed to have a room close to ours but were in another bldg. In our room the towel rack was falling off the wall, as well as the lamp above our bed was falling off the wall. The sink in our bathroom leaked so much that I was unable to place any toiletries on the vanity as there was always a pool of water. Service was practically non-existent and if you did get any service, it was slow coming. The second day into our stay we lost the use of our toilet for the better part of a day - 2 days later we had no hot water for a 12 hr. period. I would definitely not rate this a 4 star resort, but rather a 2.5 or possibly a 3 and would certainly consider doing the all-inclusive again, but would be very picky and do a lot of research before-hand.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>tigs
<Content>Just returned from a FANTASTIC stay !!!! We just returned from an absolutely fantastic vacation at the Grand Paradise Bavaro - Club Section.We travelled April 24 - May 1st, staying in the Sunquest Select section of rooms, Builiding 8; 3rd floor. We knew prior to traveling that we were not in the main section of the resort, but it did not bother us in the least. We have stayed at much larger resorts that required much more walking, so we didn't mind. On the days we didn't feel like making the 5-8 minute walk to the main section and beach - we waited for the trolley (never more that 10 minutes, if you just missed it) or at any given time, there was always an employee in a golf cart that would be more than happy to pick you up!!So lets try to sum it all up here...FLIGHT: Flew Skyservice out of Toronto - same typical service we are used to...cramped seats and lousy food, but who cares, this bird is taking you to paradise!!PUNTA CANA AIRPORT: Check in was the quickest!!! At the most 30 seconds at Immigration, and a 5 minute wait for our bags - loved it!!THE RESORT: The resort is comprised of 2 section The Grand Paradise Bavaro and The Club at Grand Paradise Bavaro. The main section is beach front and boasts most of the day and evening activities as well as most of the restaurants. The Club, is a short 5 minute walk from the main section and has 2 pools; both with swim up bars and jacuzzis; along with one buffet and an a la carte restaurant...it is almost a resort in itself, just not beach front. We found the ground of both sections to be very well taken care of and extremely clean.ROOMS: Great!!! We were in building 8 in teh Club section, on the third floor overlooking the pool - althought we were not fortunatel enough to get a room with a jacuzzi, ours was wonderful just the same. The Sunquest Select section of rooms, apparently just opened in December we were told, so everything is brand new. The room we had was with 2 queen sized beds; a small sitting area; walk in closet; bathroom with seperate tub/shower and toilet; balcony overlooking the pool; bar fridge (some items you do pay for) and about a 32 LCD flat panel TV.We did not have any issues with anything being broken; leaking; not working at all - the room was in perfect condition.RESTAURANTS: Oh my goodness, you had such a great selection of places to eat throughout the resort! We had no issues with the food whatsoever, found everything to be plentiful and tasty.- Breakfast: Buffet at the main section or Club. Great selection of food - made to order omletes; waffles; crepes; pancakes - better selection at the main resort, but both of equal quality- Lunch: Buffet at the main section or Club; Buffet at the beach as well, as a daily BBQ there; apparently there was also lunch available in the restaurant in the club section (the Magalar) We found all to be very good, with a different selection each day- Dinner: Buffet at the main section or Club; plus 6 a la carte restaurants to chose from. The buffet had a different theme each night, so the food changed with it - we found it to be very good.We were allowed 3 a la cartes - we chose only 2, due to limited availability. First we dined at the Dominican restaurant which we found to be quite good, a nice selection of fish and meat. Our second was the International a la carte in the Club section - this one was excellent!! Again a great menu selection, lots of choices!!BARS: There are several bars located throughout the resort. I'll start with the main section. There are 2 beach bars; one open unti 11 pm the other until 2am; there is a 24 hr. Sports Bar as well as a Disco. In the Club section there are 2 swim up bars at each pool along with a bar at the Magalar restaurant that had a bistro type feel to it, with tables and chairs set up in a courtyard like setting.NIGHTLIFE: Most watched the evening shows in the main section and then seemed to congregate to the bars at the beach waiting for the disco to open. Disco was great and always busy as was the beach bar that stayed open late. There is a very tiny casino adjacent to the Sports Bar. The Sports Bar is another area that was typiccally busy at night.POOL: There are 3 pools within the entire complex. One in the main section; 2 in the Club. The time we did spend by the pool, we stayed up in the Club section. All pools were very nice, and seemed to be well taken care of and clean. We found that most loungers were taken by about 9am - most reserved by people who never did show up!!!BEACH: I will be echoing most reviews, the beach here was fantastic!! The water was wavy, but not too rough, just enough to have some fun. We did find, that you had to get up at the crack of dawn to reserve a palapa on the beach - this kind of became a routine for us, and maybe I am crazy but we didn't mind. We had a routine of getting to the beach by 6am; watching the sunrise (nothing beats a caribbean sunrise) and then making our way to the buffet for breakfast and then a long walk on the beach before it got too hot. EXCURSIONS: We did not book an off-resort excursions as they seemed to be all very similar to ones we have doen throughout or travels; but we did hear great things about the Monster Truck and Dune Buggie tours. We did however go Parasailing, which we organized at the resort and it was a blast! Cost was $80US for both of us. You are up in the sky about 10-15 minutes and the view is fantastic!!! The captain takes pictures of you that are availabe the next day on CD for $14US - you get about 18-20 pictures; most of you and then some shots fromt eh air of the surrounding resorts etc. Togetehr combined, they are a great memory for us!!!BREIF SUMMARY: After reading many mixed reviews we went with an open mind and I can honestly say, I am not sure where some of you stayed!!!?? This was our second trip to Punta Cana, we were there in 2004 for a breif 4 day stay at Secrets Excellence, which we thoroughly enjoyed. Aside from that we have been to several resorts in Cuba ranging from 4-5 stars and we found this resort to be comperable and in some ways even better. We would return in a heartbeat and would not hesitate to recommend this resort to any of our friends or family. We completely loved this resort and do not have a single complaint..with the exception that it would have been nice to have had a coffee maker and iron inthe room - but we did survive without!!!!  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>lovetraveling51
<Content>Wasn't all that great, not a 4 FOUR STAR resort I booked my trip with an agent and of course once you get to the resort thats when you know you are not on a beach front. I stayed at the club. The first night I slept with my balcony door open as it wouldn'd closed. Had to get it fixed three other times. Didn't asked to move as others complained about the rooms in some of the sections so I didn't take the risk. On day 2, I had to get room service give the bathroom a proper cleaning as there was mildew on the shower curtain. I stayed in section 8. The staffs were great, very friendly. There was really nothing that was over the top at this resort. Everything was average or below average. One thing I would love is for this resort to be rated a 2.5 or 3. A 4 star rating is way too high for this resort. One day I waited about 20mins for the trolley to get to the beach. The walk was too much for my son. The food was ok, my son didn't eat much, he didn't like the flavour. The towel service was poor, good thing I bring my own beach towel as they ran out of towels very early in the day. If you want a quiet stay (somewhat) stay at the club, its pretty quiet. All the actionsis at Grand Paradise. I wouldn't go back to Grand Paradise, however I would love to see Santo Domingo so I will be going back to Dominica Republic. Please someone, rate this hotel at 2 .5 or 3 not 4. Its makes me wonder what the other 4 stars on this island are like.  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	2	3	3	1	

<Author>Teyam
<Content>I LOVE GRAND PARADISE BAVARO       Monster truck safari  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	5	3	

<Author>trvlngprvian
<Content>Good Hotel First off, let me start by saying that if you want the Ritz, then you'd have to pay for it... This hotel was truly great... the staff is extremely friendly and went out of their way to help us with anything we needed....as many of these reviews say, most of them do not speak English...but for those who complained about it, I don't see how you expect to go to a Spanish-speaking country and have everyone to speak English...it just does not work that way....that being said, many of the employees did speak English, in fact, most of the activities and shows are presented not only in Spanish but English, French and even German...Well, the beach is absolutely beautiful...there are 3 pools and a hot tub....the pool by the club has a pool bar so it was nice to relax in... The specialty restaurants are very good...especially the italian one...but be sure to make reservations early because they run out of room very quickly....At night after dinner they have kids time and children love it because they get to dance and play games with other kids... They also have the kids' club which is free....and they have activities for children and watch them for you...my 8 yr old sister loved it and would look forward to going to play with other kids...The shows are very fun...there is even 1 night when they have battle of the sexes and it is extremely funny....it's even fun for kids....nothing inappropiate for children....This hotel is nice if you are a simple person like me...we didn't spend a lot of money and had a blast....the hotel really is nice....we all felt very safe there and really had no reason to leave it....The only only thing I didn't like was the check-in...it took ages...our rooms weren't ready when we got there....and just 1 more tip, be sure to ask how everything works when you get to the front desk....  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>sunseeker7108
<Content>Great Vacation Place!       Strawberry Daquiris are great!  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sunshinekiss69
<Content>Could of been nice........... We stayed at Grand paradise from april 20-27.The first look at the hotel was very nice.First of all, at the check-in nobody gave us a remote control for the TV in the rooms, papers for the a la carte restaurants were missing in our check-in enveloppes.The room at the sunquest sections were very nice and clean with very comfortable beds with flat screen TV's..........but the fridge in the room is a SCAM!They give you 4 bottles of pop and you have to pay for the rest which they over charge you when it is time to check-out for stuff you never took.....it happened to half of the bus that was leaving(40 people about) and the worst is that you can't do anything about it because they won't let you in the bus if you don't pay!!!!!!!!!!The beach was very nice but VERY crowded for this time of year....can't imagine what it can be in febuary!!!!You have to wake up at 6 am to get a palapa on the beach and when you get one people accuse you of stealing it!The complexe is WAY to big for the size of the beach...it's like 3 complexes for 1 beach.The sunquest section is pretty far from the beach...about 10 minutes walk...there's a train available but you have to wait somtimes 20-25 min. till it comes and most of the time it's FULL!The buffet food is pretty ordinary...especially after a couple days....one morning the cheese for the omelettes was ROTTEN and that was pretty discusting!!!The washrooms by the beach were often pretty dirty....broken doors, plugged up toilets, no toilet paper, dirty flooors ect............!!!We had planned to enjoy the water sports at the hotel but it turned out different.....when you went to book time for the catamaran they ask you for a credit card which we didi not like leaving because we did'nt trust them very much......and finally when they had the card they never had any available for us to take but they were pretty much always on the beach and it really depended to who you talked to and who went to have a space for the catamaran...they would even invent room numbers to pretend they were booked and then mark them off with liquid paper when THEY felt like it!!!!!!Hard to beleive but VERY true!!!!!They just opened up a new bar shaped like a boat near the sunquest room section when we were there.........but nobody ever went because they decided you had to pay your drinks to go there.....this is a all inclusive or WHAT!!!!!To get people to go there....they CLOSED all the other closest bars which were working very good.For the music......it's always the same CD playing alll week long and that kinda of got very annoying after a couple days(Creole Family).Also, we decided to go to Saona Island for one day.....first of all they tell you that it takes 1h30 to get there but that DOMINICAN time because it's a good 2h30-3hr to get there. So you spend at least a good 5 hrs in the bus for not much....saona was not so great....I think the beach in punta cana is much nicer...saona had broken glass on the beach, the food was very basic, lots of rocks seashells in the water and the VENDORS were VERY annoying (there was 1 every 2 min.). The sunquest people at the hotel were not very helpful.....whe tried to reach them but no answer!!There is no telephone or time in our room.(building #7).The best employee whe met was RICARDO at the buffet by the sunquest section...he really cheered up our vacation!I would think twice before booking there even if it's VERY cheap.....we payed 750$ and were still disapointed!!!!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	3	1	2	1	

<Author>MistyRockland
<Content>Can't wait to go back!!! Please do not listen to any of the bad reviews on this resort. We arrived on a late flight with Sunwing, check in was a bit slow but what do you expect at 1:30am. Our room was clean and comfortable with a pool view.What can I say about the food, excellent, excellent, always found something that we like, our waiter Juan always made sure we had enough coffee, wine etc.The beach was great, we always found chairs and at the pool also, the entertainement at the pool side was fun.We recommend the Tropical Storm tour, say Ola to Johanna. Can't wait to go back next year.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>phils67
<Content>a nice place to stay i stayed at the club section and it was very nice.room was great , had to switch rooms because of the door but other than that both were fine. the maid did a very good job.food was excellent, buffet at the club section was better than the other section. la cana (steakhouse) was great i highly reccommend the filet mignon, tiano(dominican) was terriffic as well.to get to the beach or the paradise bavaro its a 10min walk or take the trolley.beach is fantastic, pools are terrific as well. swim up bar at pools on the club side.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>line1999
<Content>What an excellent trip!       Me  Leonardo the tour guide from Tropical Storm  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SunSeekersMapleRidge
<Content>Beach was Beautiful We travelled to the Dominican Republic from April 10 - 24, 2008. We stayed at Grand Paradise Bavaro on a friend's recommendation. We were disappointed with our accommocations. The air conditioning only cooled off half of the room. The maid service wasn't too bad, had to wait for clean towels and difficult to get a new box of Kleenex. Water pressure was pretty good.The only staff that were helpful were the ones anticipating a tip. The front desk people weren't too bad. The only problem we had with them was the fact that they couldn't always cash a Travellers Cheque. I had to go back five times in order to cash a $100 TC. The staff in the little souvenir shop were rude and didn't even smile. They were not equipped to give proper change with anything you wanted to purchase.The bartenders at the beach were hot and cold. Some friendly and others indifferent.We never swam in the pools as we could never find chairs and the pools didn't look very clean.The beach was very beautiful and clean, but once again, difficult to find chairs. It would be nice to have bar service at the beach!The noice factor -- loud at night with the young drunks wandering the grounds. Not a place for a quiet relaxing vacation. No personnel wanding the premises to enforce the property rules.The Food: We enjoyed the Buffet and we not too bored. The staff was very attentive once they were tipped and they remembered you and your likes the next time you arrived for a meal. The Sea Scape food was good, but the service was bad. The Grill was excellent and we had two really good dinners with good service.All in all, a good vacation, but would not return to this resort.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	3	2	3	

<Author>yellowelephant
<Content>Awesome Vacation My daughter and I went to this resort April 12th to the 20/2008.We has a fantastic time. The rooms were always clean and the mini bar always kept full with water and pop. We had booked a ocean view room and when we wnet to our room we were surprised to see we also had a pool side room.I agree with some of the reviews on here and some are so far out of context. What do they really want for a 4 star resort. To me it was more like a 5 star. The people were very friendly and helpful. The food was great and a nice choice of food. This was my daughters first time down south and she had a wonderful time, she loved every minute of it. The pools were great and the beach was awesome and warm. We enjoyed laying on the chairs on the beach at night time and just listening to the waves.The entertainment I was a little dissapointed in, wasn't that great.My husband and I go every year to the Dominican and visit different resorts. We have been going for 8 years and I must say this was they best resort by far. This is my first time to Punta Cana, but was worth every penny we paid. We had no problem with the people there and it was nice to see so many Maritimes there., of course we are the friendly people .The excurations were great. We went on two of them. Would have gone on more but ran out of money. We went on the green truck safari, awesome trip, worth it. Went to see several plantations, seen rice being cultavated, all kinds of fruit. We also went to a cave WOW what beautiful cave, absoulately beautiful, a must to see. Don't regret going on this after you get home and see pictures. One thing I thought would be a safety point was to have safety rings on the truck as when you get to the beach as our last of the excuration, the beach was beautiful, but it has a very dangerous under tow that Will carry you out, so please be very careful when you go into the water. Try and stay this side of the first wave. This is something to take very serious, accidents happen. We also went on the tropical Storm on the cattamaran, another beautiful trip. Another all day trip, but worth it. Snorkling was great, the natural pool, and the largest inflated slide which was a blast. Take lots of pictures of your trip to this resort. My husband go somewhere different every year, but I hope to take him to this resort in Nov. Hope this helps people to make up there mind and enjoy your vacation.We do have lots of photos, just not on the computer yet.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	3	4	4	

<Author>PrettySweet
<Content>Not too good Got my room through Bookit. com. I was not impressed at all. The place was old, rundown and the staff were very strange and for the most part could care less. The linen trucks were run down and all over the place and almost running you down. The workers could not speak English and acted like they could care less. They wanted to fumigate my room while I was there. That really made be nervous. There was no remote for TV and my room was subpar and the bathroom was a joke. I barely had enough hot water to take a shower most days I was there and they were real stingy with the shampoo. Ran out of that too and had to beg for some. To make matters worse, the weather turned foul and the ocean turned into a mass of fury and I thought a tsunami was coming. After it was over, the beach was so torn up and the ocean was full of seaweed and there was dangerous coral all over in the water so you could get hurt real easy going in the water. That lasted 3 days or so. I just took a lot of excursions and one of those ended up bad also as diarrhea set in. The only think that was okay was the buffet. It was not great but palatable. I know for a fact that one couple left after two days as they hated the place and couldn't escape fast enough. One never knows what to expect on vacation and you have to just hope for the best. Have been to DR many times and this was the worst for me.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	2	1	3	

<Author>kvo88
<Content>Florida March Break In Little Quebec!!!!! Let me start by saying that our party of 4 still enjoyed our vacation but.......!!!!! This hotel experience was not what we had in mind, but we book last minute and really do go with the flow. We have travelled all over the world and to the Dominican 4 times usually liking a relaxing sun filled time.....This hotel was filled with very rude vacationers who ran the halls ALL night fighting, yelling, drinking WAY too much and disturbing everyone trying to sleep! You had to get up in the dark at 5:00am to get a seat at the beach ,which had bodies sleeping from the night before.,Cups and plates littered the sand(because people are too rude to clean up after themselves), and by noon many were yelling that they loved booze and had started all over again...I also have a bit of an issue with the amount of middle age and up women who think thongs and floppy breasts are attractive...Ladies cover them up!!! Dominicans find it very offensive!! The buffet restaurant was like a University cafateria,but the food was ok....The disco you couldn't hardly get to because of drunken kids and the sports bar had a terrible smell in it....The staff we found great and we did ask to change rooms the first day due to broken railings on our balcony and blocked toilet and sink issues, but also the number sign on the wall had been ripped off and drawn on with pencil...Our friends room was moldy and the door seemed to have been kicked in. The beach, sun and ocean was what we went for and it was great....Don't bother with the Sunset Cruise but the 4-wheeling is fun.....Oh ya the if you are English make sure you go on English tours because people from Quebec WILL NOT speak to you if you don't speak their language(even though we're from Canada)  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ta81
<Content>Decent for a 4 Rated Resort We went to Grand Paradise April 14-18, 2008. Six of us went from Toronto, Ontario. The Weather was absolutely fantastic, not one day of rain. We didn't have any issues with checking in, and our rooms were decent. Clean, and average looking. The buffet was average. I would have liked to have seen more variety, but for a 4 Star it was ok. There was one morning that the water was shut off, and nobody could do anything, but it quickly returned in no time, nothing major, just a bit of an inconveinence. There was also a day there was no pressure or hot water in the building we were staying in. It was right around the time we wanted to get ready for dinner so it sux, but we were not going to make a big deal about it, we tried to make the best of it. It probably lasted for a couple of hours or so. The staff by the beach and pool were great. Always trying to get ppl to participate and we loved them. The night shows were great, and very funny. We were always entertained. The night club was also good. Good music and very lively. The a la cartes were good. I was satisfied with them and we never went hungry. Beach was beautiful. Were we were situated on the shore line, the waves were a bit more aggressive than further down the beach where the other resorts were, but we had fun boogie boarding and jumping the waves. For ppl who just like to relax in the ocean, depending on the day, it may be hard to do that at this beach. The pools were ok, they could have been cleaner, but it was fine to swim in.As a side note, we booked through Sunwing vacations, and the Rep at the resort there was horrible, very rude and passive. Not very helpful and wanted to get rid of us as fast as she could. Overall we had a Great vacation as a group and came back tanned and happy. Sometimes you just have to make the best of what you got, and have fun, which we did. Enjoy.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>juanni
<Content>don't believe what you read!!!! Went to Gran Paradise and loved it!!! Was reallly nervous about it since I read all the reviews was sure what to expect...Loved it!!! The grounds were nice the Club was beautiful and new nice pools and swim up bars, the beach was AWESOME!!!!!! The food was good nobody got sick and we drank the water (not from the tap in our room though) Our room was nice (we stay in builing #2 close to the beach!!!!) not the Ritz but I didn't pay for the Ritz! Loved the people would return in a heart beat!!!!! Don't believe eveything you read!!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>tashfran
<Content>Grand Paradise Bavaro was great but the service is another thing       Beach  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	5	5	1	1	5	

<Author>igersh
<Content>Love the Hotel       Show  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LadyMarion1
<Content>nice accommodations  Apr 2008: We stayed in a brand new section for Sunquest Canada guests, so the accommodation was good: 2 queen beds, large room with small balcony (no view), large walk-in closet and bathroom. The information provided by the hotel was very poor. You had to ask for everything from shampoo to the TV remote! Since there was no phone in the room, you had to go to reception each time. The map of the property didn't even show our section and in any event just said A = pool, B = restaurant, C= accommodation, etc., which wasn't very useful. If you wanted to know all the bars on the property, the type of entertainment, restaurants, etc., nothing was provided. The staff were very friendly, but only a handful spoke any English. We also heard a couple of horror stories about people having to wait several days to even get a room with a proper bed when they had booked for two weeks and a family not getting their room until 4AM when they had arrived at the hotel around 11PM!The property was also too large for our taste. You either had to wait for their shuttle train or walk 10-12 minutes to the beach. Getting a spot in the shade was always a challenge as people would put out towels at 7AM and then go somewhere else for the day.The beach is as good as everyone says and there are no vendors bugging you. However, it was mostly too hot to walk any distance, so it didn't really matter how long it was! There was nowhere to shop and no town close by worth visiting. There were lots of excursions available, but the average cost was $70+ per person.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>ManchesterSam
<Content>Very Very Poor Service and Food This is the worst hotel I have ever encountered, my biggest complaint is regarding the service which is unfriendly and quite frankly rude. The staff do not speak English and there wasn't a tour operator/representative around who spoke English either. We didn't get a welcome meeting, our Spanish speaking rep found it amusing that he was 2 hours late to the said meeting time and proceeded to try and speak to people individually but as his English was so poor it was pointless. The drinks are so limited you can barely call it All Inclusive and the food was so bad that I would have starved had it not been for bread. The Hotel claims to be 4 star but it is most definately not. I have nothing good to say about this hotel and would advise people to think twice before going to this hotel as food, drink and service with a smile is what makes a holiday and you are certain not to find it here. It seems to cater very well for French people, most of the guests were French or French Canadian. The people I spoke to also had problems with the food and drink or lack of it but they didn't have the language barrier as the staff spoke French and Spanish (Spanish being their language of course).  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>redhotrubyredlips
<Content>great relaxing holiday we booked this holiday last min , travelled on 29 november 2007 for a 2 week stay.after a long flight and transfer, we were meeted with drinks and the check in was quickest in my holiday history.We found our way to the room were we found it to be as we expected with a bottle of chilled sparkling wine and fruit basket. (my boyfriend had emailed the hotel to inform them that the holiday was a special occasion for us, our first holiday) hahaha.overall, Food - was nice, always plenty of choice, but we did suffer from holiday tummy.we loved the chinese and ate there 3 times and also booked the special lobster and champgne night. (extra cost)Room - was clean and tidy, the maid could not speak english, had lots of fun and laughs trying to understand each other but she was pleasent and did a good job.Pool - didnt bother much as always got bit by insects but not to be missed.Drinks/bar - bar staff were great and would give you any thing you wanted, had plenty of laughs and fun, especially when we got stuck in the sports bar for 24 hours due to the storm.i was not complaining hahaha (served 24 hours a day)Beach - was just as good as other carribean beachs if not better, the beach has in fact been rated as one of the top ten beaches in the world. (spent every day here)Activities - were limited in regards to the animation team, if your german or french you had plenty to do but to be honest i came to lie on the beach all day.Staff - friendly and helpful most of the time, especially the tea and coffee boys at breakfast time, ( please quote S O S )We also travelled all that way only to meet people we knew from work/home which added to the fun.we had a great holiday with no major complaints and would return. infact just looking at the pics on the sight on writing this review is making me want to be there right now.dont take any notice of the bad reports on here, people must have such a perfect life or simply enjoy complaining and making peoples life hell.also the dom republic in a under developed country not like the UK, the hotel is probably like paradise/palace compared to the shuddy natural conditions for the people that live there.All i can say is what do you expect from that type of country !!!!Just a little tip . if you run out of meal tickets for booking the resturants just ask at reception, no one qestions.Please run away from the blokes in t shirts that try to sell times shares hahaha.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>thebartman
<Content>I'm going down on Sunday Just want to say EH!I'm heading down to grand paradise Bavaro on sunday and reading all the reviews how come all the negative reviews come from south of the boarder and from the north of the boarder there are positive. I don't think you can tell me that we have lower standards than you or maybe we are just happier people ,I will let you all know how this resort is when I get back, and I'm sure it will be OK.LaterTheBartman  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PhilandCorinna
<Content>Go To Punta Cana, But Dont Stay Here!!!       The Misleading Sign  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	2	2	2	

<Author>newhampshirej
<Content>Not that great I just got back from the Grand Paradise Resort. I will keep this short and simple. The booze is crap, the food isn't great, bugs crawling around the food at the buffet, bugs in rooms, front desk staff is rude.Also, I was very annoyed by the teenagers that continued to get served alcohol and got drunk. Many times getting sick EVERYWHERE...it was gross and annoying!Yes, the beach is so pretty and the pool is great but you should look elsewhere. This is a dirty resort.If you have any specific questions please let me know and I will be glad to answer.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	1	3	-1	

<Author>1967leafs
<Content>Needs some help to take it to the next level       Wide beautiful beach. Barcelo has red roof on right. Grand Paradise is in the background.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>ValKiwi
<Content>We had no Problems! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Select Club portion of the Grand Paradise, and we book thorugh Sunquest. We were there from March 31st - April 7th, 2008.Both of us have never been anywhere in the Caribbean before, so we dont have anything to compare it to, however, our trip was great!We did hear that a lot of people had issues with thier rooms, but our room in building #7 was great. We did request a king sized bed, and got 2 doubles, but not a big deal. the room was huge, clean, maid service was great, no bugs, great AC and a fan as well. The only thing that could have been better was that there was no phone or alarm clock in the room.Our pool at the Club was great because it was never too busy, and the swim up bar was fantastic. All the other pools were always nice and clean as well, and it goes without saying, that the beach was fantastic. Obviously it was crowded and yes, you do need to put towels on chairs early, but I'd imagine that you need to do that at every resort.The food was great, the buffets were great. The hours kinda sucked at the Club's buffet (closed between 10-12:30 and 2:30- 5:00), but if you were hungry, you could always go to the buffet at the Beach portion, which was always open. As for the A La Carte's, we ate at the Seafood one and the Asian one, and they were good. Just a warning though, you cannot wear flip flops to the a la carts, you must wear nice shoes. My shoes were open toed, but they were nice. The Seafood restaurant turned away a lot of people for wearing flip flops.My boyfriend and I didnt find it a big deal taking the little train to the Beach resort, it really wasnt a long walk there, and it was a nice walk. You could always just start walking and if you see it come, you can hop on in the middle.Just outside of the resort was a little market to buy some things at. I wouldnt recommend going there by yourself, and get ready for pushy pushy people, but if you hold your own and bargan strong, you will be ok. It's an interesting experience.Really, the only 2 issues that I would complain about would be that the Reception Staff should be a bit more competent. Going to the reception for whatever reason was never a pleasant experince, for most people there.Also, it would be good if the resort had more things to do when it rained.Other than that, great experience. I would stay there again, I would recommend it to others, and I am definatly going back to Punta Cana another time.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	1	4	2	

<Author>retiredguyNewYork
<Content>Can't wait to go back After reading all the negative reviews about this place I was a little apprehensive about going well let me say this the place is beautiful . We stood in the hotel part and not the club . We were right on the beach so many of the days we sun bathed on the sand. The pools in the area were clean and looked like secluded ponds. My only negative was the cheap booze that they served at the bars. They had premium liquor available for a price so we spent a couple of dollars for a good drink . The beer they served was excellent so all was not lost. They served a variety of goodies at the buffet, my wife who doesn't eat fish, did not have a hard time finding something to eat. I would definetly go back next year.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>racedriver
<Content>Loved the Beach! Grand Paradise Bavaro Beach, Punta Cana-March 29-April 5/08fHotel-My husband and I found this hotel in a sunwing travel book. We chose this particular hotel mainly because of the pictures of the resort in the travel magazine. The Pool was close to the beach and many palm trees on grounds and at beach and palapas on the beach as well. There was 5 a la carte restaurants and 1buffet restaurant with access to the newer section of the resort called Le Club with l a la carte restaurant and 1 buffet. Only 3 choices of a la carte per week. The price was right!!!Hotel-Upon arrival we knew this hotel was a 4 star hotel compared to other hotels we stopped at on our trip from airport to our hotel. We thought the grounds were sufficient upon arrival with the entrance to lobby attractive, but, nothing elaborate. We were met at hotel with friendly staff and escorted to our room by two friendly staff members.Room-We were supposed to have a king size bed as we booked VIP gardenview, but, we were given 2 double beds. The location in building 5 was a good one, so, we decided not to complain. Room was large, not new furniture, problem with shower head in bathtub, but, fixed with no problems next day. The room was clean, no mildew, but, could stand a little facelift. We decided for the money that the room was sufficient for us as we did not plan to spend much time in it. Problem for us was having to use bottled water to brush our teeth as you could not use tap[ water.Pool-There are 2 large pools on the property, the only complaint is that the pool is 5 ft. deep and hard to do pool aerobics or pool volleyball in it. Temperature of pool was nice, no pool mats to lay on in the pool, missed that feature. Can be quite loud by pool in late afternoon with music and entertainment. Lots of pool lounges around both pools, just have to get to them real early in morning with your towel, then leave, like everyone else does.Pool at Le Club much nicer, only 4 ft. deep with swim up bar and pool volleyball, nice temperature. much quieter here than beach pool. Take a shuttle from main resort to Le Club-5 minute trip. Everyone from the resort can use either pool location.Beach-The entire beach in Punta Cana is stupendous. I have been to every island in the Caribbean, and, this is the best of them all. White sand runs for miles and miles, great for walking on, turqouise water. Unbelievable til you witness it yourself!Food-There are 5 a la carte restaurants on this resort, Italian, Asian, Steak House, Seafood and Dominican and 1 Buffet restaurant. Our best meals were at Seafood and Asian. We had good service, not 5 star service, but, was not bad. The staff at each restaurant were for the most part very friendly. The buffet for breakfast was good with enough choices for anyone, dinner just okay, I am not a buffet type person at any time of the day. The steak house during the day serves lunch which was handy because it is beside the beach and pool. Lunch food was repetitive but could always find something to eat.There is a new section to this resort called Le Club, which has 1 a la carte restaurant and 1 buffet and everyone can use these facilities as well. Larger selection of food at buffet here,Entertainment-Nightly shows held in a rather nice building with large capacity. Bar located inside building. Shows were somewhat professional, dancing was very good, costumes good, emcee of shows quite hard to understand while introducing each event. Pool entertainment was not too organized, beach volleyball was played each afternoon. pool aerobics hard to do in 5 ft. pool unless you are very tall. Shopping-There is a market right outside the main entrance to this resort, probably 50 little market shops. You will be able to get just about everything you will want to buy as a souvenir here, from hats, jewelry, shirts, etc. Make sure you haggle price, 1/2 the given price and then reduce again. Walk away at your price and they will either say yes or no, just go to the next one and do the same. You will find someplace that will take your price.Resort-This resort caters to French Canadians from Montreal, Ottawa, France, so, if there is a problem with this issue, do not go to this resort. We would say 70% of the tourists at this resort were either from Quebec or France. French language is heard at all times. The staff seem to cater to them a little more, I guess because they make up the majority. I can say that I never had a problem or issue, and, for the most part I got along with the entire staff of this resort without speaking a word of French. We thought the Resort to be quite informal and relaxing, not too large, so it makes for a more intimate setting. Grounds need a little TLC someplaces, but, overall, quite pleasant for the price paid. Most places were clean and found workers cleaning the beach and working on the grounds. Le Club, which is newer, is much nicer with nice grounds and flowers, trees, everywhere.Excursions-We only went on Saona Island excursion, but, had a little problem with morning pickup, but, the day was pleasant what with the catamaran ride and speed boat ride. Little confusing at times finding our guide, but, all in all, a great dayWe were signed up for snorkeling with sharks and stingrays, but, it was too windy and was cancelled. There are loads of excursions one can take and the price appears to be always around the $85.00 p.p price. You have to make your own decisions on this matter whatever turns your crank.Overview- We thought for the money we paid-last minute-that we got what we paid for - a 4 star resort. We thought the resort was very people friendly and not too large-we like this-staff was very friendly to us, room was okay, food was good-not great, beach and pool were great, market outside grounds was convenient to shop. All in all 7 out of a 10.P.S. My only complaint on this holiday was the SunWing Representative at the Hotel. Not too people friendly and fails to do her job booking excursions and dinner reservations. Had to complain to her on both accounts, but, she denied responsibility and blamed other people at hotel for confusion. Ya Right!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>leoriven
<Content>never again       furniture in room 2308  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Hedley1
<Content>Amazing Time...But Hotel Could Use Improvements My family and I stayed at the Grand Paradise Bavaro from march 30-april 6. Overall the trip was very good, but the hotel could use some improvements. On our first day we arrived thinking we were staying at the Grand Paradise Bavaro main hotel. We ended up staying at the club, because the main hotel was over booked. We were so disappointed, but after a few days we were used to it.The resort was huge! You needed to take a trolley to get around everywhere. The trolley came around about every 10 minutes, but was filled very quickly. The entertainment people we so nice. You could have a conversation with them and they really make you laugh. The best was Raymond.They all respect you and treat you nice. The waiters were a different story. They spoke little to no english and to get a drink, it was like you had to beg forever!Next, the beaches were really nice. To get shade it would probably be impossible if you didn't reserve a spot by atleast 5:30 am. The entertainment was good. Every single night they had a show at the amplitheatre. You could also find entertainment around other places in the resort, like dancing or beach parties. The show at the amplitheatre had a kids show and an adult show. They always called people up on stage to dance or play games. You could never be bored at night.The food wasn't as good as everyone made it out to be. I didn't find it that good and it got very repetitve and we were all very sick of it by the end of the week. Breakfast was good though. We only ate at buffet becuase a la carte restaurants needed reservations and they messed up ours.MAKE SURE YOU ASK FOR THE VOUCHERS AND RESERVE THE FIRST DAY BECAUSE THERE SO HARD TO GET. Long pants and CLOSED shows for men are required. And CLOSED SHOES means appsoulutly nothing showing. They will kick you out and ask you to change if you don't meet there requirements. SHEESH!Moving on to the rooms. They were clean and restocked your fridge everyday. Beware that nothng is free except for pop. We had to keep a card in a slot for power. And we asked for fresh towels and they barely ever gave us any. And when they did, they gave us 2 small towels, with 3 people in the room. The rooms also have no phone or any type of clock. Also it was sort of an open hotel. By open I mean the hallway had no windows. Just nice breezy wind. *I am not sure what the hotel rooms in the main section look like.Weather was good. It rained one day. It was also very windy all the time. The nights are very chilly.Overall the trip was very good, but not sure if i would go back.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	1	3	4	

<Author>mon13
<Content>Great Vacation Awesome Beach       View from Room  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>thsieh
<Content>worst hotel service ever, things stolen by employees The hotel grounds in general are nice, rooms are okay, pools and beach are nice but we had numerous amounts of problems with the staff of this hotel. The biggest problem occurred on the night that we checked in, March 29th. We left our room at around 9:30 p.m. and when we tried to go back to the room at 1 a.m., the key wouldn't work. After retrieving a key from the front desk without proof of id, (receptionist just gave us a key, no question asked whether we even stayed there) and going back to our room confused about how they could just give keys to anyone, i noticed that my iphone was stolen and 17 dollars as well. It was one of the employees because there is a log of the key and at what time it was used. It tells u who issued the key and at 9:50 p.m, and 12:30 a.m someone entered our room with a key issued by someone we never met until 1 a.m. when we received a key from the front desk. It wasn't a forced entry where the door was pried open but rather someone having a key to our room. After confronting customer service and setting up numerous appointments to meet with the manager because head of security did not speak a word of English, we finally were able to talk to the general manager who proceeded to tell us that it was one of my roommates, here in America as well as in D.R., that stole my phone. They did nothing for me and was very rude. They questioned the guy that issued someone besides me or my friends a key and he lied saying that he issued us two keys when he didn't. We also met two French girls who also had there expensive phones stolen and they were going through the same problems as me with rude staff members. A man also had his money stolen from him. Besides being robbed, our electricity went out and there was never any hot water. Also the rooms didn't have clocks which was weird. The sheets were too short so your feet touched the dirty mattress and the pillowcases were stained. The food got boring after a couple of days of eating the same thing. The trip would of been great if it wasn't for the robbery because we never felt safe in our rooms knowing that someone out there has access to them and we had to carry all our valuables everywhere we went. Bottom line is stay away from this resort. Tons of other ones that are better for same price. I have been to the Melia Caribe Resort and that one was so much better. Staff is rude and theft is common although they tell u that it never happens.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	1	2	

<Author>LinguineLonglegs
<Content>Let's Just Say That We Won't Be Back! First of all, there is a big difference in Bavarro and Punta Cana. Punta Cana is expensive, but top notch. Bavarro is NOT! The beach was absolutely gorgeous and if you like sunning and swimming, this is for you! After two days of going to the beach, I was bored. There really aren't any places nearby to go unless you take an excursion and none were to my liking as they are very limited. The acommodations are about as 4 star as a Motel 6. We had problems with our toilets and we were in a 3 room suite. Two toilets broke and luckily my other half was able to fix. The sheets didn't smell, but you could see that they were very worn and thin. The sliding glass door in our room had a huge crack on one side that started from the top and went down to the bottom. We reported this, but nobody seemed too interested. We avoided going out on the lanai in fear that the glass would eventually give out and hurt one of us. The food was not very good, but there was always a variety. Their health standards are not what the U.S.'s is and I believe that this is why I was so sick for three days out of seven. It wasn't food poisoning, but it sort of reminded me of having cholera, if you know what I mean??!?!? We witnessed people (and unattended children) handling rolls in baskets in search of finding exactly what they wanted. They also did not have any metal loaf shields for cutting the loaves of bread, so people were just holding one end with their hand and cutting slices off with the other. The Chinese restaurant was the best place to eat, but it wasn't outstanding by any means. If you like rum drinks or beer, you are in luck. The wines (red and white) came in plastic gallon jugs (like milk), so I didn't try it out. In the restaurants you could order bottles of wine and they were very good. I ordered a bloody mary one day and it tasted like tomato paste with the same thick consistency. I couldn't even drink it. I have to say that we had no problem with the service staff that we encountered and all were very nice. We could only endure one nightly show because it was that bad. However; we did get a big laugh out of it because it was so lame. I have seen elementary school children put on a better show. Of course, the actors (if that's what you want to call them) were the same people you would see during the day acting as servers, chamber maids or activity directors, so it wasn't their fault, but hilarious none the less. I would never go back here, but than again, I am a traveler that doesn't care much for being trapped in a compound-like area. If you want to go and tan and drink all day long, this is the place for you. My next trips will revolve in the USA and no more all-inclusive places either.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	3	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>QueenBHamilton
<Content>Great Resort with Problems March 21-29. First of all I will say the resort itself is wonderful. The ground are immaculate, beautiful pools, clean beach, and there is noting to complain about the food. (although the 2 a la carte's we did were nothing to write home about - Dominican and Sea Food) Our vacation would have been perfect except for a few problems. We were in building # 8 (select section). First 2 days the hot water was barely a warm trickle-not enough pressure to keep the shower on , 3rd day a cold trickle, then 3 days of good showers and the last day a cold trickle again. No air conditioning for over 24 hrs.. No towels one day, but they were delivered within 15min of calling reception. The bed sheets were too short for the beds resulting in a dirty mattress pad at your feet. When we arrived the bar fridge was stocked with water, pop, juices, chips, candy etc. Knowing that only 4 bottles of pop and the gallon of water are all-inclusive, I emptied out the fridge (into a drawer) and stocked it with our own stuff. The next day, my stuff was emptied and the fridge got re-stalked. We went to the reception and explained that we now had double bar fridge contents. We were told to put everything on the dresser and it would be taken care of and that there would be no charge since we did not use it. The next day one set of contents was removed. BUT... when we went to check out at the end of our stay.... we were dinged with a $71 US bar bill. I guess someone forgot to document the fact they removed the second re-stocking. (PS they charge $3.00 for a bottle of water) They were very rude and ignorant about it at the reception. We were not the only ones fighting bogus bar bills. (I guess this is how they make extra money..... or they have a theft problem with staff, since anyone could have entered our room and taken the second set.... we definitely did not use it) This incident did leave a sour taste in my mouth. Also note, the bar fridge does not function without the room key inserted. (all power in the room shuts off when you leave....if you have meds that need the fridge, make sure you ask for an extra room key so the fridge will run all day, and then tape it in the slot so the maid does not remove it like she did the first day to us)The other problem this resort has is it has expanded (with the club and select sections) beyond its beach capacity. We found the beach too crowed with not enough umbrellas or chairs. Shade was hard to find without encroaching on someone else's personal space. Forget getting up at 6am.... all the umbrellas are taken by 3am on the beach. You might get one by the pool at that time, but by 6:30, they are also taken. (PS. Take off your wrist band and go to the resort next door.... they have plenty of space)All that being said, we had a great time, and as long as you don't run into any problems like we did, you will have a fabulous holiday.PS. I have been to the Dominican 5 times and to Cuba 5 times and this is the first time I have had any real problems. I guess it was just my turn. I am still hoping to resolve the bar issue and get a refund.If anyone wants more info. contact me at beertoal@gmail.com  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	2	3	3	4	1	

<Author>mingandpaw
<Content>grand paridise heaven...hahahaha       bavaro beach  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>locoToronto
<Content>Great Experience!!       Main Buffet  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BytownSunseekers
<Content>Good Value for the Price We booked a four-star wild card package through Go Travel Direct for March break and assumed that we would end up at the Club section of this resort. Instead, we were assigned to the main section next to the beach. That worked well for us (two adults and two children).The main section appears to be one of the original resorts on the Punta Cana stretch of beach. Consequently, it's showing its age a bit. The rooms are OK and kept clean but they could use some updating. Our beds were very old and one of the two was in rough shape. Over the course of the week, we saw workers bringing in new beds so it appears that this problem is being dealt with. A/C worked fine. Bathtub drain very slow which seems to be a common problem in Caribbean resorts. Safe key and TV remote are available through the front desk.Food was fine. The buffet restaurant has a nice and varied selection. We booked three speciality restaurants over the course of the week and they were all good. As others have noted, they're not five-star restaurants but we weren't expecting that. The decor in each was nice, the service was pleasant and the food was good. When you order filet mignon, just don't expect a true filet. But, all in all, a fun experience.The beach is fantastic and compares well with Varadero in Cuba and Playa del Carmen in Mexico. It's very crowded but we generally found shaded areas around the pool and then made regular forays into the ocean with the kids. Both my daughter and my niece loved playing in the waves.Go Travel Direct advertises this resort as a four-star. I'd say it probably was a four-star originally but now is more like a three or three-and-a-half star. Considering that we paid about $1,000 a person including taxes and fees, we found that the resort was a good value. However, if we had paid the full price, we might have been a bit disappointed.One disappointment had nothing to do with the resort. We lost one full day of our vacation due to a one-day delay on March 9th supposedly due to the big storm the day before. We woke up very early Sunday morning to discover that our flight with Zoom Airlines was delayed until Monday morning. However, I noted that the other charters made it out of Ottawa on Sunday with delays of a few hours only. I have complained to Go Travel Direct but have not yet heard back about any compensation. Zoom also changed our return flight with days to go from a 2:30 afternoon departure to a midnight departure. Very disappointing since it made for a difficult return trip.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Destinysoccer
<Content>Great Vacation I visited the Grand Paradise Bavaro from March 14-21, 2008. I went with a friend on a last minute trip and read many reviews while trying to make a quick decision. The negative reviews worried us, but found that they must have been from people you just canéˆ¥æª› make happy, as we thought it was fine. We booked out of TNT Vacations in the US. I am a fairly new travel agent and wanted to learn more about different travel experiences so I can help my clients better. I had never done an AI so I was anxious to try. Because we booked three days prior to departure we got a pretty good rate. The first person I spoke with at TNT that booked me was not helpful. I asked for a first floor near the ocean as I am handicapped, he said éˆ¥æ·šéˆ¥æª’l ask but donéˆ¥æª› count on itéˆ¥? He made me feel like I was bothering him so I stopped asking questions. After it was booked I called back as I realized I never asked for two beds. The woman I then spoke with was very helpful. Asking me questions that the other should have éˆ¥?like non-smoking room? The service I have found with the TNT in working with my clients and now for myself was impeccable. The on site rep, Fernando, was very helpful. When I had trouble boarding the bus at arrival, due to my muscle disorder, I asked for a step for departure. He called right away and although he did not get a hold of anyone he was very accommodating and made sure the bus would pull up to the curb for me. I think he actually asked for a different bus that had a lower step. So I thought that was customer service at its best. Airport: You are let off outside, I thought that was cool. Being from Boston you get on and off a plane from inside the airport. The airport was pretty empty. The airport staff asked over and over to help with our backs. I think I said éˆ¥æ¸˜o graciaséˆ¥?twenty times. We walked out, my bag being very easy to transport with 360 degree wheels. We were met with about thirty more folks that wanted to take our bags. I kept saying éˆ¥æ¸˜o graciaséˆ¥? One asked me where I was staying I said grand Bavaroéˆ¥?and then he took my bag from me!!!! I figured for the two bucks I was going to give him, I wasnéˆ¥æª› going to argue, but geez! Hold onto your bags if you want to carry them!!! When we left at the end of our trip, our TNT rep said to stay on the bus until they were out of the back, so we did. Of course now seeing that all our bags were being held by the staff. I took mine out of his hand and said éˆ¥æ¸˜o graciaséˆ¥? He looked bewildered! I walked away. The ticketing was only thirty feet away. Customs was very quick both going in and out of DR, in Boston the lines were long but moved fast. When leaving DR the airport had a Wendyéˆ¥æªš, pizza, CafèŒ…éˆ¥æªš and stores. There are more on the bottom floor where you depart from as well. I was mad as I bought a water for $2 for the flight and they would not let me take it on! . Check-in: Check was super quick. We were there by 2 ish so our room was not ready but we got a drink in the sports bar and then it was. The staff was great and they spoke English very well. The room: We were supposed to be in the club section. I know this because I complained to TNT that I was handicapped etc and they said the rooms are new, flat screen TVéˆ¥æªš etc, and there was a trolley to the beach. So I figured whatever... I was booking last minute! I am wondering if maybe we got the main hotel because of my disability and they did actually listen. The room was older but it was fine! It was big, clean and had a patio. Food, front desk, pools and beaches were all just steps away in either direction. I read on one review that they charge you for the items in mini fridge. This never happened. IT was stocked with coke and sprite and a jug of water. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND bringing a water bottle that you can refill. The water is plenty-full all over but no way to take it with you. A/C was great in room but we didnéˆ¥æª› need it much, there was a great breeze with the patio door open. There were a few days we didnéˆ¥æª› have water. But it didnéˆ¥æª› ruin our trip. What can you do? It came back in time for a shower. One day we had cold showers. The TV in the room had several New York channels, but who goes to a resort and watches TV? The Sports bar played Soccer 24/7 but I am a soccer moméˆ¥?so that was fine! I didnéˆ¥æª› need to know what they were saying to understand. Food: The food was good. You can dine in the buffet any night and you can make two reservations at a time for the specialty restraints. We only did two. The International restraint, Maglar, wasnéˆ¥æª› that good. I had trouble cutting my rib eye steak so I gave up. The wait staff was great. The manager though made our dining experience awful. He didnéˆ¥æª› like the way some of the tables were set up and was yelling at staff. He was just a big jerk and if were a dinner I was paying for in the states, I would have walked out. We also ate the Cana. It was a steak house. I am still dreaming of that meal! I ordered Filet mignon and it was soooo good. The buffets are good and they try to mix it up each day. The bread is always fresh and is the best part of the meal. Desserts were bland and blah. I was DYING to get to the airport and buy some peanut MMéˆ¥æªš. There is also a store in the lobby that sells them. I held off as there was no need for an in between meal snack.  Staff: Everyone is so nice! Always a hola and a smile whenever you walk by. Reception, guest services, most waiters all spoke English. Our maid, Maria was great. We asked for diet coke in our room and she made sure w had it each day. Visitors: UGH! There was a great mix of folks from all over the world. I would say most prominent were Canadians. The English speaking folks I spoke with were very nice. But .. ohéˆ¥?the French speaking were the rudest most ignorant people I ever met. The cut you in the food line, and the thing that made us most mad, is when we went to the Club side, we were waiting for the trolley and they would come up at the last minute and cut right in front of you! This happened one too many times. The person I was with is not violent, but I thought he would kill someone after the third time it happened. Grounds: Grounds were nice. Never saw trash laying around and considering all the smokers, I didnéˆ¥æª› see any butts on the ground either. There was always staff sweeping and cleaning. Entertainment: The nightly shows were bad (really bad) but we stayed and watched anyway. They seem to get a kick out of men dressing up as women. It was almost more funny that they thought it was funny. There was singing, dancing and game shows. The entertainment staff were nice and would all go to the disco afterwards. The disco was loud, but I like to people watch so it was fun to watch everyone. Beach/pools: These were great. We did the pool a few days and the beach a few days. Either way, you need to get out by 6:30 am to get a lounge chair. We would take turns waking up running down with our towels to get a chair with shade and then going back to sleep. Weather was consistently perfect. The forecast before we left said showers daily. We never saw a showeréˆ¥?just wind. Although lots of clouds and by Tuesday the winds were high. Still warm and better than being at home. I napped so much! It was so good to nap on the beach in the shade! On Wednesday while we were sitting in our little hut and the waves came half way up the beach, washing away some of the beach, and people's belongings. Book, magazines, sandals... all over the place. Over a short period of time they came higher. After dinner the waves had washed away the whole beach. Literally. It was all rock left and the sand was washed away. The staff pulled all the lounge chairs up to the lawn. A number of huts knocked over. I feel bad for those who came after us who were never able to see the beach. Important to note is that many folks bath topless. Excursions: We didnéˆ¥æª› do any. We were happy sitting in the shade reading a book or sitting in the sun sometimes. People watching is our favorite sport. I realized as we were leaving that there is a little shopping area right outside the resort. If I had known, I would have liked to have gone there. Negatives: There were vendors a few nights outside the main building and buffet. You canéˆ¥æª› get around them. They are very pushy and all said éˆ¥æ·—ello my friend!éˆ¥? If someone says that to youéˆ¥?RUN! They donéˆ¥æª› take no for an answer. There were also come time share reps that stood outside the buffet. They wear white polo shirts. They were so annoying but for the most part if you say no, they leave you alone. But There are many and there so often, that you have to keep saying no. A great vacation and a highly recommended resort! Ignore the bad reviews, it is incredible and definitely a paradise! I would probably not return only because I would want to have a new experience but if that were not the case I would return again. RECCOMENDATIONS:Bring water bottle. One that you can refill.Never use running water, even for brushing teeth. Use water in jug. If you plan on watching TV, ask for a remote at reception.Learn the words éˆ¥æ·£o graciaséˆ¥?as you will need to use often! Bring lots of one dollar bills. The staff really appreciates a small tip. You donéˆ¥æª› have to, but itéˆ¥æªš nice.If you want to make the staff really happy, bring Red Sox stuff! They LOVE it. Someone said they would give to the staff that didnéˆ¥æª› have much, like the pool cleaner, the maids, maintenance staff etc. The time share guy begged for my friendéˆ¥æªš hat for his son.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>hockey08
<Content>not what expected       the beach is on the other side of buidlings, yet we were on the beach - crap!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	1	4	1	4	3	

<Author>rndmintz
<Content>BE CAREFUL!!! When we booked our recent vacation, it was listed as Grand Paradise Bavaro - but after booking we were informed that it was actually at the Club Grand Paradise Bavaro and that theyare the same resort. Just to be clear - they are two separate resorts on the same property and only one is actually on the beach - the Club is in behind the main part of the resort and is a 10 minute walk to the beach. So be very careful where you book - although we did meet a couple who were moved after they showed up from the main part to the Club section and were told this was allowed by the hotel as it was the same resort. So it seems it doesn't matter how carefully you book as you may end up walking to the beach anyway.For this reason alone I would not recommend this resort and I wouldn't return.Having said that, the Club area has beautiful pools and is near enough to the beach that it is practical to spend every day on the beachfront. The beach is beautiful and the water is warm. The beach cabanas go early so you should arrive by 6-6:30 to ensure you secure one if you want any shade during the day.We enjoyed the food and ended up just eating at the buffet every evening. It was somewhat repetitive but we enjoyed the variety they had available.Our room was nice and clean with some flaws ( a light was hanging by a wire and the towel racks were half falling off the wall) but we only slept there so didn't really care.Hot water was sketchy and some folks didn't have any all week. Overall, we enjoyed a week on the beach but would choose another resort where the beachfront is guaranteed rather than return here.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>buppa6805
<Content>Great Vacation First, I have to say I was very nervous about staying at this resort because of some of the reviews I read on TripAdvisor. I booked this vacation through RCI for my family and another family and it was great. We stayed at the main resort in building #3 and not the Club. My family, two adults a toddler and an infant, had a room with two double beds and got a crib for our baby. Our friends, two adults and a toddler, had an adjoining room with a king size bed and a crib. The rooms were clean and equipped with a small refrigerator. I thought getting cribs may be tough but it wasn't difficult at all. The maid service was fine and our beds were turned down nightly. You should get two room keys because one needs to be plugged into the wall to turn on the air conditioner and lights. A safe key will cost you $20 U.S. We didn't get the safe and took our valuables with us in a knapsack. The a la carte restaurants were very good. Is the food the same quality as the U.S.? No, but it is very good for the Caribbean. The service was good, some better than others but not bad at all. I would definately recommed Taino, the Domincan restaurant, Michelangelo, the Italian restaurant. The Manglar is an International restaurant at the Club and is excellent. The buffet is very busy and sometimes it is hard to get service, but if your willing to ask the staff for help they will generally respond quickly. We made our reservations for the a la carte restaurants early in the week and ate before 7 pm so we didn't have any problems with reservations. Every resort I have been to has been the same in that you have to make your reservations early. The pools are warm, clean and huge. The beach is absolutely beautiful. As most of the reviewers have said, if you want a lounge chair in the shade then you need to get up a little earlier and reserve a chair. We were able to get the same general for the week by putting towels out around 7 am. There is no swim-up pool bar at the main resort but there are a couple at the Club. The pool bar at the main resort is busy but the Brugal Rum and Coke Lights were excellent. The Bahama Mama's weren't bad either. They also had kiddie cocktails! We didn't stay out late at night but there was always entertainment at the piano bar and the drinks were good. I definately recommend the Mamajuana! The Club was a short walk, or trolley ride, away and seemed more quiet than the main resort. There was some construction but I didn't notice any noise or other problems. I didn't get to see the rooms at the Club but it was definately new and seemed very nice. The pools were beautiful!All in all I having nothing but good things to say about this resort. The staff treats you as you treat them. They were great with our children and loved the baby. Smile, say ola and gracias and they will treat you right. A small tip goes a long way too! Just remember you are on vacation to relax and enjoy life!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>holla_chikka
<Content>great ressort, hot weather, perfect vacation! We went on this trip for my friends grad trip, at first we had question about going because the reviews were terrible about this hotel. So we went and took a chance , we were a party of 10.Let me tell you that this vacation was one of the best!we were on the club side of the ressort couple minutes away from the beach, we had to take trolly or walk. The beach and the ocean was the best one i ever saw. The ressort was very clean and had good service. The barteders are abit slow to make you drink but their is alot of people. The food is ok as you are olny allowed to go at la carte 2 times and the buffet gets tired after a while. The service was good and the staff in restaurents are very nice. The night life... If it was not for that disco it would of been boring. The disco starts at 11 till 2 and is not allways packed solide. The weather was very hot!But this was a great trip!gracias amigo  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>shannonw2
<Content>The real truth about the Grand Paradise Bavaro, Sunquest travellers I have just returned from my March Break holiday in DR, at the Grand Paradise Bavaro in Punta Cana. Overall it was a great vacation. The beach was beautiful, the resort was nice, the people there were very helpful, the food and water were fine, just don't drink the tap water. Just a word of caution to those who book with Sunquest. There are actually 2 different areas of the resort, the beach side, and the Select side. My party and I wanted the beach side and made it explicit to our travel agent we wanted on the beach side. We were assured this was so. When we got there, we were booked into the Select side, about a 15 min. walk to the beach or a 5 min trolley car ride, which comes every 10 mins or so. We had to spend 2 hours of our first day there, trying to correct the problem. Finally after a few calls to our travel agent, we finally got switched to the beach side, which to us was much better. We were told the Select side had newer and nicer rooms, but our room on the beach side was great. If you don't mind walking to the beach or taking a trolley to the beach, don't worry, but if you want to be steps from the beach, and it is beautiful, than don't book with Sunquest or make sure your voucher says Grand Paradise and not Select. Other than a few rowdy american spring breakers, everything was great. The weather, the beach, the sun. Fantastic. Enjoy!!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>lovetotravel093
<Content>Wonderful Vacation!!       Pool area  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AnnieL2
<Content>Terribly disappointing...... Just a few of the problems listed here - no towels, sewage leaking from the toilet (for over 9 days), charges for phone calls we did not make, charges for items in the fridge that we did not take. No beach towels, begging for bath towels, not enough chairs on the beach nor the pools, shuttle service from the Club to the beach almost non existent - always breaking down. We walked more than we rode. Two weeks of wearing a path from our building #8 at the Club part of the resort to the reception with a list of problems that they were hard pressed to fix. Staff was often rude. Always a line-up of people with problems/issues.I will give the resort good marks for the beautiful beach and the food was quite good - especially the restaurants.This resort simply did not have the staff nor the inventory of items to accommodate the over 1000 people staying there during our holiday. To make matters worse, people going through the airport security were robbed of money as they went through and had their wallets scrutinized while being distracted. The Dominican Consulate here in Ottawa have been notified.Certainly not a 4 star - I would not have given it more than a 2. Next year it will be CUBA for us.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	1	2	

<Author>bostondev
<Content>Just relax!!       Gorgeous beach  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>mya77
<Content>What you make of it!       Beach  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>tarlotta
<Content>Great vacation!       sunrise at the beach  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>misterp39
<Content>Beware Save your money and go elsewhere. Rooms need to be updated, food is not very good and service could be better. Pool is nice and beach front is great. Problem getting into restaurants so your always stuck with the buffet which is not very good.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mojo999
<Content>Would not recommend this resort to anyone.... The resort, rooms, buffets, were just ok. When it came to service, they have no idea. Our room had no telephone, the all inclusive fridge was not inclusive. It was basically a mini bar we had to pay for. The seafood elecarte came with a $35.00usd per person charge for the lobster. No pool side waiters. Tipping the maids was norm, but try to get them to leave you with new towels, good luck. Breakfast 7am-10am, closed then open from 12:30pm-2:30pm for lunch, closed then open at 7pm-11pm. If you missed any of the above times, good luck finding something to eat, or you could purchase a small can of planters peanuts from your bar fridge for $9.00usd. Visa machines rarely worked. In all, this was the worst travel experience we had. Numerous others felt the same. Although it seemed that everyone that was disappointed, had booked through Sunquest. Maybe they are to blame for rating this 2 star resort a 4 star. And one more thing, if you think you will be staying close to the beach. Most likely isn't going to happen. You will need to walk about 1/2 a mile, or take the tram, if there's room.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	2	1	1	

<Author>Danielle-Jean
<Content>Overall...a pleasant place to stay       view front the room  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>PowMacP
<Content>Grand Paradise Bavaro Not sure if it should be considered a 4 star. I would give it a 3.5. I guess I got spoiled on my very first all inclusive stay in Maya Riviera in Mexico  I am trying to compare the two.I did the reservation online for a group of 8 people using GoTravel Direct Wild Card  managed to get a very good price for the week of Feb 24 to March 2, 2008  we were satisfied with it.The flight with Zoom Airline was great although not much room between seats. Great flight attendants.Check in was quick  easy as we filled all of our information on the bus from the airport to the resort. Ann-Michele  Irene from GoTravel were great  very helpful for any questions we had.  One thing I have to say is PEOPLE, PLEASE BE PATIENT. When they are trying to sort people from one full 757 airplane, it takes a bit of time  they do their best.We add a total of four rooms all located in the same block (1000éˆ¥æªš block) of rooms in the Grand section. The rooms were fine although very poor soundproofing. You could here everything that was going on in the hallway or outside of the building.The service in general was great except at the grill. All of the staff was great  always smiling except one lady that I encounter one morning in the sports bar.The food at the A La Carte restaurant ( If you can reserve sittings) was great although the buffet was below average except for the pasta and the beef that was very good. After a week I was tired of eating at the buffet. By the end of the week I was mainly eating lettuce.When we tried to reserve A LA Carte restaurant, we were limited to two reservation on the first attempt  had to go back the next day for the third restaurant. That sucked. I basically had to offer money to the reservation clerk to get a sitting at the third restaurant.The steak house restaurant (sorry I donéˆ¥æª› remember the name) was very good although the service sucked big time.  The Italian restaurant which was Michael Angelo was very good  extremely fast. Didnéˆ¥æª› have time to finish the entry before the main course was in front of us. The same goes for the desert. You have to try the Amaretto cake. It is awesome.The International restaurant which was name The Manglar (or something like that) was our favorite. Very good food  great service. Mind you that the portions were small in all of the A La Carte restaurant although donéˆ¥æª› worry, there is always somewhere to eat something. For a good little snack in the afternoon  late in the evening I suggest that you go to the grill near the beach, which is the steak house at dinner time. The beach is very nice  clean with a whole lot of long chairs  lots of little huts. While we were there, our beach portion was the most occupied than any other resorts around us. Donéˆ¥æª› know why.The club section of the resort is very nice  this is where you can find two swim up bars. Those two swim up bars are not as busy for some reason. The bar men/women likes it when you get to their bars because they are bored due to the lack of people at the club pools.You can travel by a little bus/train between the Club  the Grand which is about a 10 minute walk.A good thing to remember is, if you have a late flight like we did, don't rent a room by the hour as you can get access to a courtesy room around 4 or 5pm to take shower  get changed. Excursions. We only did the safari excursion. It is well worth the money for any one that wishes to learn more about the Republicans way of life.Over all, I give the resort;- 9 out of 10 for the service.- 8 for cleanness.- 5 for food.- 10 for the beach.- 10 for the pools. Cheers  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>DurhamRegionSmiths
<Content>We had a fabulous time!!!! There were 13 of us in our group. Ages ranged from 18-72. I'm here to tell you that there is not one of us that would not go back! My brother and sister-in-law got married on the beach on Wednesday February 20th. (What a beautiful ceremony--but I'm here to give a review about the resort!).Check In: Here's a huuuge tip: Wear your bathing suit underneath whatever you have on for the flight; grab your sunscreen  a hat and head on over to the pool bar for 4 or 5 hours! We landed at the airport at around 11:30 and did not get into our rooms until 6:30. Whatever! Expect it to happen and make the best of it! They watch your luggage like hawks. No worries. The truth about the Club section: We absolutely loved it! We had brand new rooms with flat-screen tv's! Ask for the remote upon check-in. We were in building 7 on the second floor and had from our balcony, a fabulous view of the swim-up pool bar. This is where we hung out the most. There is a large shaded section for seniors and non-sun-worshippers. Then there is a fabulous 4 foot deep pool and yes! the swim-up bar is great! Bring your own thermal cup...keeps drinks cold  you don't spill in the pool! The bartenders were hilarious...mamajuana  diablo will knock you on your [--], so be verrry careful! The beer Presidente is very cold and very coors-lightish. Yum. Bahama Mama was my drink of choice, though. Right beside the pool bar was the buffet. Great selection of meat, potatoes, salads, pastas, pizza, burgers, fries, basically something for everyone. I tend to eat with my eyes, but I can honestly say there was nothing gross when it came to the food!The staff were incredibly friendly and for you ladies: the guys are fricken hot!We took the tram (which was fun!) to the ocean in the morning almost every day. We would walk the beach, play in the waves, enjoy the sun. Great barbecue on the beach! Then in the afternoon we'd head back  hang out at the pool bar. After dinner, we'd head back over to the main hotel, to the piano bar or the sports bar. Then the disco opened at 11 (until 2). After that, we'd hang out at the sports bar (which is open 24 hours!). They have some computers; you get 1/2 hour of tme for $5.We took the tour where you get to swim with the sharks  stingrays...one of the scariest most fun things I've ever done in my life! Cost was $80 and worth every penny! p.s. after swimming with sharks they pump you full of booze and make you dance on the boat! Fun Fun Fun!We would definitely return to this resort!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Cutedebbie31
<Content>Stay away from this place!!!! This resort is a joke advertising it as a 4 star.The room: Filthy floor, sheets were dirty and stained like some others have complained about. Bed was uncomfortable. Shower door was about to fall off.Food: Really good especially the seafood.The service: Abysmal. When I arrived and asked about coffee it seemed like I was asking too much. After complaining about my room they did little or nothing to fix the problems. The replacement sheets also had a stain on it but not as much. Waited 4 days till someone looked at the shower door. Long wait times to book reservations for dinner. The beach: Really good, powdery white but the lanscaping was cheap looking.i paid about a $1000 for this vacation from Westjet and paid far too much. If it was a 2 or 3 star at 600 I would have accepted it but this is was horrible. I should have listened to my cousin's travel agent when she told me scores of people had similar complaints and paid a little more and gone somewhere else.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>OttawaGirl14
<Content>Not Great for a 4 star We stayed at Grand Paradise and were expecting more from this 4 star. The pool and hot tub were filthy (vomit floating in the hot tub day 1) so we did not venture near there. The beach was very nice, but crowded. This resort has a sister resort now 'The Club' which is not on the ocean, therefore all the ppl staying there come to the beach at grand paradise, so you have over 3000 ppl on the same beach, that is by no means huge. We had to get up at 5 in the morning to throw a towel on a lounger to get on on the beach in the shade, then sometimes that doesn't even work either and ppl still take your loungers. There was a variety of different foods at the buffet, and the quality was expected to not be very good. My bf was sick all week and eventually opted for a diet of lettuce, tomatoes, and bread (which was my diet all week anyways). DRINKS....very poor, a pina colada consisted of a shot of rum, in a glass of ice with mix from a juice machine., while the beer on tap was always sour. The drinks were not even blended with fruit or crushed ice. We talked to ppl who stayed at a 3.5 star and their place sounded alot better. Others who stayed at another 4 star got complimentary wine, beer, rum, and soft drinks stocked in their fridge in their rooms. Entertainment isn't really appropriate for kids, it starts at 9:45 so maybe it wasen't ment for kids in the first place. Lots of T and A to keep the old male snowbirds happy. So ladies, good luck getting to see some male [--]! I think this resort is just one of the poorest 4 stars in Punta Cana and there are better 3 stars than this resort. We went with go travel direct, a wildcard package and got stuck there, the excursions were a good break getting away from the resort. The rooms were fine, met all our needs.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>midge15
<Content>Great time at the Grand Paradise Bavaro       Beach  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Jeanne-Chiarmonte
<Content>Needs to get its act together My husband and I just returned from Punta Cana 22 fFebruary. We booked this hotel and although the reviews were mixed, I am the eternal optimist. We arrived at 3pm and didn't get to the hotel until after 5. The room was still not ready. Unaccaeptable. We paid for an upgrade with an oceanview and check in is at 3. I just stared at the desk agent and in 20 minutes the room was ready.Please pay the extra and stay near the beach. EVERYONE who stayed at the club portion complained. One guy had to put in his own ceiling fan, another had no lock for the door. One guest there had her room fumigated and when she came back the doors were wide open.The club opened 23 Decenber prematurely and understaffed. Everyone there didn't care for the food, either. The next day I went out for a run (very safe, by the way, if you can take the cat calls which I had no problem with) because the fitness center and its one operational treadmill didn't open until 8 am. I went in there to stretch after my run. I am recovering from a torn hamstring. I had my foot up on the bench to try to remove my shoe. The 'gym nazi' pulled the bench out right from under my foot! No shoes on the equipment. The next day when I went in to stretch, I was told to leave my shoes on by the other ;gym nazi.I couldn't do anything right. Our first full day, I went to make dinner reservations with our three coupons. The line was long. I waited from 10:20 until 11:45. Whe it was finally my turn, I was told there were no more reservations until Saturday (we were leaving Friday). I could have the Asian or Seascape where I would have to pay. What didn't make sense is that the people right in front of me received their choice of restaurants and times. This is very poorly run.I made a HUGE scene abd was given reservations, but not my choice of restaurants nor times  At the buffet that night, I wanted shrimp . I was told iIcould not have them unless they were cooked in a sauce mixture. What is the difference? All the chef had to so is put the shrimp on my plate I met with a guest services rep the next day. I received restaurant reservations and was told she would be in touch to see if things got better. It never happened. This is a very noisy resort. Lots of rude people at all hours who cannot handle their alcohol. Forget about sleep. security could have cared less. They could not and would not help. By the way, the French people here are VERY rude. They cut in front of you in line and could care less. They will walk several abreast and not move. They can say what they want about Americans, but I have NEVER envountered a more rude group of people. Shame on you!!! Yes, the beach is wonderful. Do go to the market and shop. There is also a market about 2.5 miles down the beach. Yes, bargain with them. They will come down. I got the local rum for $9/bottle. It started at 2/$35.I got an opal SS slide for $39 which started at $125. I always travel with a calculator. It makes bargaining more fun and easy. We were not impressed with the restaurants and preferred the buffet. We ate at the international and Italian. If you have any special dietary requests, forget it. Everything is pre made so after the dinners we had to go tot he buffet to eat.I was not nor did I see any female being hit on by the bar tenders. Oh they did want to fumigate our room during our stay. I told them no way. We did have washclothes in our room. but people at the club did not. Do get the safe, though, just for peace of mind. We did have to get up pretty early to get a spot at the beach. Most spots were taken by 6:30 AM or so. Don't forget lotion or essentials, they are VERY expensive on premises. I did try to speak Spanish and found that as written in previous reviews, they are not as nice to you if you try to speak their language. Many speak French here/ If you go to the upstairs bar, they will charge you for some drinks you can get for free at other bars, so beware. They wanted to charge me $8 for a margarita I got for free at the beach bars. This place has such potential. They are short staffed and undertrained and treat you like a child. We did not go on vacation to be reprimanded. We are very easy to please, respectful people. This place has such potential, they just need to get their act together!!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>Annie_Daniel
<Content>Good Value - very happy but carefull not to confuse two hotels We went to Grand Paradise Punta Cana on Feb 11 and we are happy of our trip. I went with my 6 year-old, my mom and her spouce and took 2 separate rooms. We booked through CAA for a AirCanada package. I was worried because of some review and now that I have been can explain the bad reviews with the fact that these people must have been at the Club Section. The hotel section is nice and typical of a 4* hotel. Look at the pictures already there: what you see is what you get. The food is good, although you will not get filet mignon and langouste in the buffet. But the variety was nice. House wine and beers are a available for free, which is not always the case. The restaurant were fine too. We went to Chinese, International and Seafood restaurants. We had go service and good food. They will tend to give you all your reservations just before you leave... but the restaurants are always 1/2 empty, so drop by if you do not have reservation and you will most probably get a seat.The rooms are clean, but you will not get the swan-shaped towels on your bed and you will only get flowers around the sink once in a while. Still, we had clean, confortable, air-conditionned rooms, to return to every night, with water and sodas in the fridge and sufficient shampoo and conditionner. As for the water sports, I must say I was unable to try any given I that I had my daughter to look after. As I said, this was in the hotel section. This is where AirCanada books its room. The room was maybe 400 yards from the Beach - it was one of the farthest. The club section is about 5-10 min. away from the Beach. People have to walk or take a shuttle. My 6 year-old and I ran (jogged) together half of the distance from the Beach to the Club. It is probably about 1km. Still, it must be a pain when you forget something in your room and got 2 kids with you. The Club section is newer. I have seen the rooms and the inside is nicer, because modern. However, management has definitly not invested enough in landscaping. The grass is yellow and dry and they planted weak and thin shrubs... Also, many buildings are not completed... adding to the war-zone impression. When all is grown and complete, I am convinced it will be superb. The pools are extremely nice and they have great animation over there. Still, it will remain away from the beach and I would recommend for those who prefer staying at the poolside.So my advise to you is 1) check which section you are booking into2) do not expect a 5* hotel - if you are ... book into a 5* hotel.I have pay 2,400$ for this trip for my daughter and myself and consider I had my money worth.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>sunandsun
<Content>Great spot for a relaxed vacation This a great hotel--service was wonderful, people friendly and beach amazing! We read all the bad reviews and were a tad worried--remember that this hotel houses more or less 2000 people ( which sounds like a lot but they're well spread out) Some people were unhappy--that will happen anywhere you go! We asked for an ocean view , paid extra for it (about an extra $100 each but a great investment)and got it in building # 6 which is about 50 yards from the beach. The room was pristeen clean, we always had hot water and a turn down service with fresh cold water to drink (everything on the resort is done with purified water--you can't drink from the taps--but other than that the fruits, vegies and plentiful drinking water is available) Presidente is the beer of choice as were many other drinks, inclusive.If you like to chill on the beach, walk the pristeen white soft sands and relax, this hotel/beach will do it for you. It's small enough not to be overwhelming and is charmingly laid out. The main buffet restaurant has enthusiastic waiters/hostesses and the food is good---with a fair amount of variety. The Italian (Michelangelos) is the best a la carte, followed by the Asian. We learned how to snorkel in the pool (a great lesson) and took advantage of the plentiful land/water exercise classes. The staff are sexy eye candy and full of fun and mischief. We took the tour of the Marinarium ($83 US each) which is a 1/2 day snorkling and tour adventure--very cool --you get to snorkel in a conservation area with Nurse sharks and stingrays--coral and coloured fish. The crew ( Hola Captain Sharkey !) were full of fun, and the music made you want to dance (Bob Marley, etc) and the crew danced with the passengers. They were having as much fun as we were.This was our first trip to Dominican. If you go off resort, you do see the poverty, and there is a lot of renewal and construction going on outside--the Dominicans are beautiful people and know that tourists only help their economy. There is an artisan flea market about 100 yards from the front gate...you can bargain for everything from t shirts to rum, jewellery etc. There is another one that's an hour walk up the beach, we didn't go but heard it was great. Be willing to bargain--it's a game, but be fair and pleasant and you'll have fun. Back to the hotel-- Bring lots of $1 tip money and be generous--bring extra dollar store items for your maids--spread our Canadian wealth around and you will be rewarded with big smiles and muchos gracious. Bring a spanish/english dictionary and learn some basic words like--por favor--which is please. Go. Enjoy. This is a nice hotel.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>Hootiemcfly
<Content>Never again this place or booking through expedia!! This was my first all inclusive vacation. We chose this resort and country because the deal was spectacular, we were assured because it was a low travel time of year. The flight getting down was uneventful, and upon arrival there was difficulty right off the bat with our room. We paid for and reserved a pool view room, and were booked into a view of the construction of the resort next door. After returning to the desk and demanding the room we paid for, we were given a key to a room that SOMEONE ELSE WAS IN. Running from that room and someone else's belongings, we returned to the desk PISSED. We had been traveling for 14 hours at that point, and our rooms were a mess. We were finally given a pool view room, ground floor, with two smaller beds instead of the king we had booked. The food was LOUSY. The breakfast/lunch bar cheeses were sweaty and looked like they'd been out for days. You had to make reservations for the restaurants which were usually booked up. My traveling partner, my boyfriend, got sick on the food. The doctor was hard to find, wasn't there the first time I went and knocked at night, and proceeded to show up at our room (did I mention we were respectively a medical student and a paramedic?) with a zip lock bag of pills! We were billed for the medical care, the booze was all generic, and the trip was horrible. The web site promised jet skiing, which was one of the reasons we chose the resort. Not only was there NO JETSKIING ANYWHERE, but the sailboats and motorboats were all grounded for the holiday (which no one mentioned) so we couldn't do ANYTHING. As avid scuba divers we were TICKED about that too. Finally, upon leaving, because of the holiday our flight was delayed to the point where we missed our connections, another day of work was lost, and we had to pay for an extra hotel room. The Dominican Republic is permanantly off my list!My boyfriend, after suffering violent vomitting and diarrhea, finally recovered after a few days back in the states. I did not get sick. Avoid this place!!I tried contacting the hotel many times after we left, and eventually got a crappy little credit out of expedia. Be warned!!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	3	3	2	2	1	

<Author>zen61
<Content>Real paradise Just returned from a 2 week vacation. Really dont understand the negative comments. Very clean, we were in block 5, room 5124 (sea view) room are standards but so clean. I havent seen any bugs for 2 weeks. Great beach, very clean. Restos A la carte excellent, buffet of the hotel plus The Club were excellent. I have been traveling for 15 years in D.R, Mexico, Cuba, etc and it's the first time I can say I had the best steak there in Gran Paradise. (not as good as we do here of course) but very good for D.R. O.k. the noise at night when people talk in the hall near the room like every other hotel in Caraibe. The employees at the reception desk are not really happy to work. I preferred going to the guest desk instead. I have also consult the Sunwing agent that was always there (she was very good).I will recommend this hotel anytime.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	4	3	

<Author>BellaBliss
<Content>Fabulous Time at the Grand Paradise Bavaro       buildings  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	5	3	

<Author>VitorPaiva
<Content>Not great, but ok!       Beach view to our Room in Floor 0  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	5	2	4	3	

<Author>moose002
<Content>Good value for money! This hotel is fine, for the money it is much better than most, the people who complain are the ones that expect 5 star service foe 2 star price, there seem to be growing pains because of some new areas but all in all it is decent, food is good beach terrific!don't listen to the whiners,Tomas, Winnipeg, canada  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>tommyjoe
<Content>Warm Weather-perfect beach       hotel room  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>truth101
<Content>Customer service almost nil - only lip service The room must have been just completed. It was not cleaned. Construction dust was everywhere. There was no security lock or peep hole in the door, one towel, no clock, no lamps and no tissue. The TV was not working, although it was a brand new set. We received only one key on registration. Every day for three days we requested a second key and was told to come the next day. We did this for three days, then finally gave up. The same thing with the TV. We called several times and were tolf that it would be looked after. However, it never was, so, like I said  Lip Service was great. On the third day of our vacation, lamps finally arrived, but, no light bulbs were ever inserted.On the positive side, the the view from the room was nice and the pool was great and the food in the buffet was OK. The pool bartender, Louie was very entertaining.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>dorian6921
<Content>don't go please If you have alredy booked 'm sorry, if not don't. We are a party of 12 from yorkshire. We all found the staff very rude. as in a review we have just read if you wanted coffee it was like you were asking for champagne at breakfast. Not enough sun loungers by the pool or around the beach. on our 3rd day one of our party had their safe broken into and $1600 stolen. no help from security, they just got nasty, and only called the police after a loud debate with our whole party. this was a waste of time. when we checked out of the hotel they had the gall to demand $50 for opening the safe. we refused to begin with,but they would not let our bus leave the hotel until it as paid. what a bloody joke. dont buy the DVD from the FUN BUGGY trip the come blank.GREAT TRIP THOUGH Alot of money to be ripped off and given no respect by any off the staff. food! well what the hell it was crap. our travel agents rated this hotel 4*. I've seen better 2*'s in bridlington.PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE DONT WASTE YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY ON THIS PLACE.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WinterVacation2000
<Content>This is a nice family resort. Go and have fun. Yes is definitely a 4-star resort. Don't book into it thinking you'll get 5-star quality on anything, because you are just setting yourself up for disappointment. There are people out there that firmly believe they should get 5-star quality on a 3-star budget, so don't be one of them. My family went there in Jan/07 for 1 week and here is the complete resort rundown......... After you land, you'll wait endless for no reason as the airport is very hectic. Plan on 2hrs at the airport. After you get your baggage on the free carts, you are allowed to use them for 25'. Then they are taken away by airport employees (or maybe they were just entrepreneurs) and the public bag handlers want $4 to carry your bag 100' to the buses. Just do it and relax. First tipéˆ¥ï¸¹â‚¬îš­et an ice cold 6-pack of beer for the 30min bus ride from the airport, as the new highway is not done yet, and that seriously helps to smooth out the ride. Plan on 1-2hrs for check-in, especially if you at the back of the bus. Take turns heading to the bar to make that wait easier and also look into available booking at the specialty restaurants while you wait. There was 5 of us on this family trip. 3 kids ages 9,7,4. The kids had non-stop fun. Kids Club was awesome. The 3 ladies running it are truly great. Food was 4-star in quality. Nightly shows were OK, not great. My wife says the guys were hot and the dancing was really good. The women were easy on the eyes. Yes there is a bar in the theatre guys, enough said. Beach was big, beautiful  white and the waves were huge (4'-10'; yes, rogue waves were 10') all day long. There were surf boards 1/4 mile off shore every day, all day. My 9yr old was body surfing all day long. Pools are great. Hot tub sucks. Beach bars are good. NOTE: The plastic cups they give you are incredible small, so bring your own like we did, big 24oz cups worked best and make sure it has a cap on it to avoid sand getting in it). To get choice seats at beach and pool, just put your towels down at 7-8am and you'll be happy. The specialty restaurants must be booked within 1 hr of your arrival to pretty much guarantee your selections. Most are only 4 stars in quality too. Chinese was 4.5 stars. Activity program is good, I did then all. Pool exercise was really good. Please note that this is primarily a family resort. If you are single and looking to hook-up or party all night long, then go somewhere else, you will not have fun here (four 18yr old Italian guys were there for just that purpose and they were bored and acting really stupid by weeks end). The disco is small and I never used it. There is no casino. There are about 15 slot machines. The 24hr bar has the Foose-ball table and pool tables. Both were in great shape. The internet computers are there too. This is a good resort for single ladies to book into who really want to be left alone. Both of our rooms were clean and in good working order. Our toilet did clog twice ($5 tips got it fixed both times in  5mins) as the exit hole was smaller than North American toilets. Flush frequently. Leave your maid $1-2 each day and you'll never have a problem with your room, like no bottled water. Use the tap water for brushing your teeth only, rinse with bottled water. Drink water from elsewhere. Another room tip, if you are in the old section, ask for an additional room key as your A/C only runs when the room key is inserted into it, so this means you can come back to a cold room. Buy your tourist junk just outside the resort. Barter like crazy. Make sure you only take CDN or USD back (or go to a vendor that will). Premier Club is not worth it and I'm glad we did not purchase it. There is no swim up bar in the regular section, only in the Premier Section. Premier Section is over 1 mile from the beach, which you can not walk to. Golf course is VERY close and great. Take a $6-8USD taxi ride to get there. Stay out of the sand traps as they are filled with bees. Course was never busy. Take the 3 round replay rate as it dirt cheap and includes all food and alcohol too!!!!! Final note....This resort is filled with European families too (Canadian  Europeans made up 90% of the resort, Americans were the other 10%). If you are uncomfortable seeing ladies topless, then go somewhere else. 15-20% of the ladies were exercising their right to go topless on any given day, God bless them all.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>beachbumsPa
<Content>Poor service Beach was beautiful, room was nice with oceanview although we had to wait until 4:30 pm to get in our room when check in is 3:00 pm. Service was the worst we have ever experienced at any resort we have been to....to get a cup to have coffee every morning was like we were beggers  then when you would try to help yourself they would get mad but still make you wait  forget about getting water with breakfast that was even worse. Staff is not very friendly not like other resorts we have stayed at. We will go back to the DR but definitely not to this resort.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NigararegionMarlene
<Content>no Chairs Beautiful resort but not enough chairs at the beach and by the pool, if your not up by 7am to reserve a chair you are out of luck, not one to be found till at least 3- pm-4pm the same day. Many problems with seating, too many people for amount of chairs, resort is being shared with two other resort close by and this place is much more beautiful so every one come's their, I won't go back to this place this reason only.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	5	2	1	

<Author>markis234
<Content>Group of 18 - and wedding party - LOVE this resort!       Stunning grounds at GP Bavaro  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DevinChris
<Content>Ohhh what a wonderful time Not sure why everyone has a problem with the Grand Paradise!!!! My husband and I just got back and oh what a wonderful time we had. The only problem we had was that the site for the Grand Paradise is very misleading....we thought that we would be in a room that was close to the beach but instead we were placed at The Club, which is approximately a 15 to 20 minute walk. But the benefit The Club has the swim up bars and two of the restaurants (one buffet and the other al a carte). The staff was very friendly and up beat. My husband and I would go out in the morning and sit by the pool and then go back to our room for a late afternoon nap and our room would be cleaned. We would then go out for supper and our room was cleaned again while we were out in the evening.The only other problem that we had was that you had to go really early in the morning to put your towels (7:30 a.m. Dominican time) on the loungers at the pools to get a good spot as every one would go early in the morning and get a spot and then go back to their rooms to go to sleep until the pools opened or what every they had planned for the day (tours, etc). You had to get up even earlier to get a spot on the beach (5:30 a.m.). Mind you we got a very rude french lady and her daughter who moved our towels because they wanted our spot. Was not happy about that....  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	3	5	3	5	3	

<Author>ruetz
<Content>Great Week Flight éˆ¥?We took Sky service and they were on time, and other than the planes seem to be smaller each year, we had an excellent flight. The Flight home was a little delayed but was very enjoyable. It took four hours each way and remember that there is one hour difference in our time.Airport éˆ¥?Our experience was painless and uneventful éˆ¥?The Airport staff both in Toronto and in Punta Cana was friendly and we felt good about the whole experience. In DR they took our group picture that was ready for us when we departed. The Duty free store was very small an limited. If you want something special, donéˆ¥æª› wait for the airport. Hotel Check in éˆ¥?We had the Diamond Club upgrade so we were checked in on the short bus ride on the way to the Hotel. We were given our purple bracelets and room keys. Once we arrived at the Hotel, they unloaded the luggage, gave us some fruit juice and taken directly to our rooms. With the Diamond Club, they have a separate area for us use the Internet (free of charge) and any room questions, booking of meals, purchase the room safe ($ 36 US) etc. Take advantage of this service as the main lobby looked like longer lines. They even had a bar for us to have a drink wile on internet or waiting for the clerks. Please make sure to book your restaurants the second you arrive. I read this in the reviews before we left but once we arrived we got distracted for an hour or so and our choice was already limited. Do yourself a favor and make sure to book as soon as you arrive and make sure to at least try the Japanese and Italian Restaurants. Hotel Room éˆ¥?Rooms were excellent, clean and large enough with a balcony. We had a bar fridge that was stocked with beer and Pepsi products which helped as we needed something to mix all the Rum they left in our room. We had bath robes and slippers and our Pool Towels. Wanda our maid did an excellent job in changing all linins etc each day and we tipped her a few Canadian Trinkets and a couple of dollars each day. Our room had a whirlpool bath, blow dryer, shampoo, etc. again the safe has to be purchased.Bars éˆ¥?The bars were great and lots of included drinks available. We traveled with some beer and Rye drinkers and they were not as happy as us Rum Drinkers. The local beer was not great and the draft was even worse. They had premium booze available but there was a charge. Usually $ 4 per drink US. The best bar was definitely the Lobby bar with the Diamond Room pool swim up bat the next best. Lots of slushy drinks with the drink of the day and a drink menu. They made almost anything... Daiquiriéˆ¥æªš, mixed drinks; we even made up our own drink. The éˆ¥æ¸Ÿweetestéˆ¥?drink was the Dirty Monkey but our old dependable was the Rum! It seems that anywhere you travel in the world; each country has its own native drink. The native drink of the Dominican Republic is known as mamajuana and amongst Dominicans; this tasty drink has gained somewhat of a mythical status. Legend has it that mamajuana acts as somewhat of a cure all from everything from éˆ¥æ¸“a gripeéˆ¥?(the Dominican term for the flu) to a variety of ailments ranging from prostate to ovarian disorders. However, mamajuana has gained specific notoriety among Dominicans for its rumored ability to increase vitality. It is said to be an extremely powerful natural aphrodisiac. Some even go so far as to describe it as a type of natural éˆ¥æ¸“iquid Viagraéˆ¥? Donéˆ¥æª› have too much of this drink the first night éˆ¥?Iéˆ¥æª“ talking from experience.Restaurants éˆ¥?The Buffet was good, everything you would possible need and then some. Iéˆ¥æª“ not a big buffet fan, so we did as many al le cart restaurants as possible. The Brazilian BBQ was good, Big skewers of meat and they gave you as much as you wanted. They had a skewer of Lobster tails but many were mushy. The Beach BBQ was my least favorite. All the beef was tough and food was poor. The Gourmet restaurant was very fancy, great food, very fine dining. The dinner took almost 2 hours and was a very romantic dinner. Between the Japanese and Italian Restaurants was our favorite. The Japanese Restaurant had the most amazing sushi and tempura and the restaurant definitely had the most character. They cooked at your table and we had pork, beef, shrimp and chicken as well they served deep fried ice cream. Wow! The Italian restaurant was amazing as well. The appetizers were great. Smoked Salmon, rice cakes, olives, salad bar etc. The main course was great... Veal Tenderloin, Lasagna, Salmon etc. You will not go away hungry.Beach éˆ¥?Amazing, the beach was great, bar on the beach not too far and the water was crystal clear. The shipwreck was straight out from our resort and provided a great backdrop. Music playing, helicopters flying by éˆ¥?lots of shade trees and shelterséˆ¥?only in the Caribbean! One of the nicest beaches we have been too. Lots of topless ladies even though it was a family type resort. Pools éˆ¥?They were great. Many pools and warm water. We never had a problem in getting chairs and the swim up bars was a favorite. They had bridges, bubble pool sections; all make the resort look very lush and exotic. They came around to get you drinks.Grounds éˆ¥?Very beautiful, mature and they are continuously working on paint, lawns, trimming etc. The resort is very large but manageable. The trams run continuously and we never waiting more than a few minutes. The palm trees etc. made great back drop for pictures. Entertainment éˆ¥?Great... the shows each night were well attended and well received. The Michael Jackson show was the best we seen but we missed a few shows as we had supper times that conflicted and one early night. We went to the Disco one night and didnéˆ¥æª› like it. Seemed to smell and maybe a little to young for us. They made us sign for our drinks but were included at no charge. We went shopping in the Hotel and went to the mall one day. Shopping seemed very poor compared to other places we stayed but was adequate. Excursion éˆ¥?Our group did the Carib Festival to swim with the Sharks and Stingrays (é™† day) Small bus ride on an old school bus with no windows and a palm roof. We were taken by small water taxi to the larger catamaran. Given snorkel gear and a short ride to the enclosed park. We snorkeled with the sharks and stingrays then taken to a reef where we snorkeled again. Great experience and they entertained us the whole way. Dancing, Costumes, open bar, never a dull moment. We had a great experience. Make sure you do something while away, or you will get home and whished you did. I bought an underwater camera for $ 20 on the boat and took lots of pics of the sharks, stingrays and reef. Iéˆ¥æª“ using them for my desktop back at work. Great experience and great people running things. I always felt safe. Cost was $ 75 PP.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>charlene82
<Content>not bad my friend and i stayed here between jan31-feb7/08. we were suppose to stay in the new sunquest select section but it was not finished being built yet. and i am glad we didn't stay there because it is far from everything and is still a construction zone. We stayed in building 2 which is nice because as you come out the doors the pool is right there. the pool was nice but cold and there is no pool bar. there is a bar by the pool but not in it. The buffet at the pool is good for fries and pizza but don't eat the hamburgers, i bit into one and about a galon of grease poured out. We ate at the chinese which was really good and la cana which we didn't really like but other people did enjoy it. The buffet was not that great. i will admit that i am a picky eater so that is my own problem. Everyone who writes about the gift shop ladies are right they are really rude. we did have a good time but i don't think i would return here again. although i would recommend it to someone else as it is clean, safe and the weather is always nice.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shem914
<Content>A Little Piece of Paradise When we arrived in the Dominican, we were charmed by the warm weather and the airport. We had no trouble getting through customs as they trully do love tourists. We arrived at our hotel admist a flurry. We went to the front desk to register.They gave us our bracelets but we had to wait 2 hours for our room. That bothered me. Make sure you ask for key for the safe. They will give you cards for the beach towels.And make sure you ask for the remote control.Our room had 2 double beds. We had requested a king but didn't get it. The room was spotless. The first time we used the shower it broke but it did get fixed.We were in the fifth block, a very short walk to the ocean.the pool is huge and not full at all. The lounge chairs were comfotable and there was lots of shade spots if you needed them. At the ocean, it also had a lot of lounge chairs.The food was great and the presentation was superb. Everynight was a different theme night. This was the buffet. Our favorite a la carte was the Italian restaurant. The servers were very friendly.I loved the piano bar at night. If you are looking for a super night life you have come to the wrong place. They do have nightly entertainment at night.I felt very safe there, even at night. I would recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a place for rest and relaxation.They do have the Club which is another annex of the hotel. There is a trolley that brings you there.Shirley from Sudbury Ont. Canada  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sexybuddha
<Content>What a awesome time just got back on tues feb 5 th and had a fantastic time. i was traveling with a group of eleven and the check in took us about ten minutes. i was the only one with a room to myself and had a great view of the ocean. the beach was amazing and was one of the best i have been too. the food was wonderful and loved the pizza and chicken and the beach restaurant. juan manuel that worked the day shift at the beach bar was awesome and always gave us frosted mugs to take to the beach. there was always guys walking the beach cleaning up and gathering the glasses and were very friendly. we went to the club part for dinner twice and was very good. i would not want to stay back in the club part but it was beautiful back there. my room was alway clean and didn't smell at all. the maid service was excellent and she turned down my bed every night. the sports bar and disco was fun. went there every night and the staff was very friendly. overall a great place and very beautiful setting. the staff was very friendly and helpful. the only complaint i had was with the staff in the gift shop. some things to help if you plan to stay here. take your own plastic glass and it with cut down with the garbage and make sure you stay at the grand paradise and not the club part as you have to take a trolley to the other part but there was always one every ten minutes. it helps if you know a bit of spanish and to get down to the beach early to reserve your beach chair. and this is a third world country so tip the staff and you will have no problems. also the sun is much more intence down there than it is in canada so make sure you have sunscreen on before you go down to the beach. hope this helps. if you have any questions don't hesitate to contact me.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>arod0222
<Content>The Good, The Bad And The Ugly       poolside 2  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	4	1	-1	3	

<Author>anderlooOttawa
<Content>Busy resort and beach Never been to an all-inclusive before, so that left my expectations reasonably low. The Grand Paradise was very nice - and it seemed to fit the DR environment - not ritzy, but clean enough for North American travellers. My wife and I found the hotel to be comfortable, but the public areas (buffet restaurant, pools and beach) to be quite busy. The property is building more units (the Club), so it will get even busier in future - no beach chairs, and sunbathers all over so you had to navigate your way from one place to another. There was a shuttle back to the Club end of the property, but cannot understand why anyone would want to stay far from the beach if you travel all that way.Food was decent, but the a-la-carte was better, and the fish was terrific (try the white bass). Tennis courts are in poor shape for anyone who takes the sport seriously. The staff was great - from the cleaning ladies to the aerobics and dance instructors, but try some Spanish on them to get their attention - it works. Loved the evening entertainment - not Vegas but fun...We used Go Travel Direct - everything was great with their transportation and arrangements - even had an extra day after a snowstorm up in Canada disrupted the schedule. Whoo whoo!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>007Danielle
<Content>Not a Bad Experience We arrived at the Club of Grand Paradise Bavaro on Jan 20 with a 30 min delay from Ottawa. The entrance to the resort is very plain, boring and not very welcoming. We were a full bus load checking in but I found that it went pretty good. Rooms are very plain yet very clean. We did have trouble with the water but after visiting the D.R. 4 times, this is quite normal. We did go to the Asian, International and the Grill restaurant and all 3 were excellent. I`m a very fussy eater and all the restaurants  buffet we went to were great. I must say that I little tip and appreciation for the service they provide will get you a long way. Even a smile and a Hola will make them smile. From the Club section,you can take a 8-10 min walk to the beach or take the little train which we never had to wait more then 2-3 min The beach was the best beach ever. Clear aqua water  white sand with no weeds, rocks and no debry. The only tour we took was the trip to Samona Island. We left the resort at 7:40 with a very interesting 90 min bus ride. We then transfered to a catamaran for approximately 80 min(great experience). On the island we were treated to a very good Dominican lunch  drinks. We took a speed boat back. We stopped in the ocean in 4feet deep water in order to see and take pictures with some star fish. We finally made it back to the resort at 7:10 making it a very long  tiring day. It was a great day but I was dissapointed that you can`t swim on the island without shoes because of the many seashells on the shore.I really enjoyed my vacation but I would not go back.On thing we were not told when we booked was that the The Club is mainly a section (med club) for people from France. They have their own activity group with activities geared just for them. They also have their own theatre with nightly French shows.They won`t stop you from participating to their activities but you feel out of place. Being French canadian I did understant what they where saying (for most part) but I still felt out of place. I would definitely go back to Punta Cana but not to The Club at Grand Paradise Bavaro. I believe the Grand Paradise Bavaro would have been a wiser decision, maybe next time.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	5	4	2	

<Author>mississippi117
<Content>we liked it we arrived on jan. 4. it was a slow check in @ 1:00 in the morn. we had to take a golf cart over to the club side. that is the only complaint. we had a great time! we were in building 9, 3rd floor. buffet was right there. good food. there was construction going on, but it did not bother us. choo -choo train was there every 5 min. to take you to the main part of resort. beach beautiful. buffet at beach very good. clean sheets  towels everyday. if you read this before you go, it is not as bad as others say. this was our 3rd resort in dom, rep, weather was hot, drinks were cold, enjoy!!!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>colyjob
<Content>Nice Resort - needs improvement(ss)!       Pool Bar (2nd at the club area)  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	4	2	2	

<Author>tuffgirl
<Content>Awsome " Cant wait to back"       Just a wave  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Cott777
<Content>Just Read This!!!! My wife and I along with my 3 and 6 y/o children just returned from Grand Paradise Bavaro. We had visited this property 4 years ago and the decline was absolutely noticeable. I can honestly tell you that we are not these people that use this site to bad mouth a place cause the beds weren't hard enough or the water wasn't hot enough. These are the facts and you can chosse to accept what I'm writing or book this hotel.The beach is absolutely breathtaking and this is the reason we have gone back to Punta Cana 8 times. But we will never, ever stay at this hotel again. We are not rich people but I will pay an extra 200.00 to stay at Bahia or Majestic if I had to. Here's why....Hotel itself is nice as a whole. Seems clean until you walk down the beach and see other properties.On day 3 we were robbed of 400.00 US. All the money that we brought with intentions of purchasing a few nice t-shirts for the kids and perhaps some cigars or necklaces. We informed security who did absolutely nothing. We even asked for a complimentary safe as we had no money for our remaining valuables and were told no. We ended up carrying everything with us to the pool and beach. We didn't even have enough money for departure tax and the hotel offered no suggestions. We were told by other guests that at least 10 thefts took place in hotel rooms during our stay and in return they offered extended complimentary checkouts for departure dates. We found the staff to be very rude from the front desk to the bar attendants and I can assure you we are very easy people to get along with. We even brought packages for the maids kids, nice to see she appreciated them...lolService at breakfast was terrible. I usually got coffee when we were about to leave as I had to chase the attendant around myself. This just didn't happen in years past or at other DR resorts. Frozen drinks were always warm with ice added. It sounds so trivial but it sucked. We paid alot of money to vacation here and look forward to the niceties that come with being in the Caribbean including frozen drinks. I'm not a whiner but this just didn't happen in years past.Look, if you don't care about safety, security and just want a nice beach, by all means this ain't so bad. But if you are going for a truly memorable Caribbean family experience or like to be pampered a little, this is not the place to go....anymore.If I may offer some advice. Bahia Principe, Majestic Colonial, Barcelo's, LTI, Iberostar, RIU's would be my choice. I've even heard the Sirenis Cocatel is quite nice but out of the way.This hotel is by no means a 4 star anymore. 3 at best. Customer service is NOT a priority!What's appealing about this property is that it is affordable and most will choose it on that premise. All I can say is good luck to you and I hope it has changed from now til then.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>nevergoingback
<Content>don't even bring you're dog       pond  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Myms96
<Content>Had a good experience We stayed at the resort from January 10th-17th and I have to say that generally our experience was a good one. We've stayed at a 5 star hotel in the past and you do notice the difference but we went with friends who had never been before and they thought the resort was great.Our rooms were ok, the only complaint I had with ours was that we didn't have very good light in our room so it was a little dark. The room was cleaned everyday and we never were short towels or anything. We also tipped our maid everyday so maybe that made a difference. The other couple had a problem with their lock on their door that took some time to get fixed but again you have to remember you are on Dominican time and nothing is a rush, so put aside your sense of urgency and relax and have a drink and enjoy the sun.The pool was very clean and there was always some entertainment going on. There is no one walking around serving drinks so you do have to get up and get it yourself. The Beach is absolutely beautiful and we spent most of our time there, again no service on the beach but it just gives you a reason to go for a walk.The food at the resort was very good, my husband is an extremely picky eater and if you don't eat there it's your own problem. I do agree the the lady booking the restaurants is not the happiest person in the world so don't expect much in this area. We went to the new area and I agree that once this is completed it will be very nice but it's a work in progress in a third world country so again grab a drink and enjoy the sun. We thought the buffet in this area was very nice and we would go there in the morning for breakfast. The walk really isn't that bad and there is a shuttle. We stayed in the main part of the resort and still made the journey.I suggest you learn a few words of spanish before going it makes things a little simpler but sit back enjoy the sun and relax.....you're on vacation.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>gonewithwind
<Content>great I travelled to this hotel with my partner and his two friends in may 2007 apart from the weather we had a great time. This hotel is suitable for couples and families and not single people. We met lots of friend of which we keep in touch. I work for Thomas Cook in England and i was really nerveous as this was my first time to the Caribbean and i looked on trip advisor and got a mixture of reviews which made me very confused therefore we decided to go for just one week which was a mistake we loved the hotel and loved the beach it was better than expected. So all i can say is different people have different expectations and not everyone will love the same.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>PuntaCanaKateP
<Content>Not worth the stay As other reviewers have mentioned, this is also my first review on a hotel and I had to do it so that people know what to expect if they reserve. I've been to several hotels in the Punta Cana / Bavaro area of different types and this is really the first time I've been disappointed with my stay. First off, we were in the VIP Club area which is supposed to be a step up from the main area of the Grand Paradise. I would say it's more like 2 giant steps down or more.1) The building we were in (#9) was finished only 3 weeks before our arrival and it's easy to tell that it was a rush to open. The paint was botched, the floor of the balcony isn't angled right so that the water can flow into the drain, the jacuzzi in one of our rooms was beautiful but didn't work, if you didn't take a shower at 7am, there was no way to get hot water until late at night, the remote control for the tv was a cheap universal one that you had to press the number of the channel you wanted to see because it wasn't fully adapted to that type of tv (of a brand I've never heard of), the floors in the hallways were a slip and slide show every time it rained because the water accumulated everywhere, and on and on.2) The gardening will eventually look nice but at that point they were still putting down the lawn and planting flowers and trees. It was very interesting to see haitians go by our window every 20 minutes and just happen to look in to see if they could get a glimpse of us. Same story in the pool, they just HAD to look at the women when they'd take off their shirts and shorts.3) The food on that side was at most ok. Most of the time it was almost cold and very bland and there wasn't much variety. I'm not a picky eater generally but I had a hard time finding stuff I liked. Several times there was no bread or juice left by the time we got down (8:00-8:30am). The juice was horrible but there wasn't any other option. The waiters did their best but there just weren't enough to go around. The first day we joked about having to set our table. By the third day, we were resigned. 4) The distance to cover from the new area to the beach is almost ridiculous. The whole property is located perpendicular to a small slice of beach of maybe 250m, easily less. Thank god there's a train that goes back and forth constantly or we would have had to take a 15-20 minute walk back and forth at least 4 times a day (down to the beach in the morning, back to change for dinner and back to have dinner) and we were of the lucky few that had their room next to the train stop. Other people had to walk almost 15 minutes just to get TO the train. Once you got to the old area, it was just too crowded. One employee commented that they were now up to 2000 rooms and I personally think it's just too much for the amount of space they have. People generally go to the Caribbean for the beach and there just isn't enough beach for everyone. At least there are quite a few pools spread out all over the old and new areas but it just isn't the same.I really could go on and on about my experience there but I think it's just enough to say that I've had much better vacations and no other worse than this one. It's too bad the owners are looking more at the $$ side of the business instead of offering a good quality service and experience.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	1	4	2	1	1	

<Author>Wad74
<Content>Can't Wait to Go Back Both my wife and I are first time éˆ¥æ·arribean Resortéˆ¥?travelers. Although we had nothing to compare it tooéˆ¥î›e had a GREAT time. I canéˆ¥æª› believe all the negative reviewséˆ¥?br/>If you want me to say the rooms are pristine condition and the food is the best I have ever tastedéˆ¥î›Ÿou will be reading a long time but who goes there to sit in your room and what do you expect when they are cooking for 2,000 that donéˆ¥æª› stop eating?Check in éˆ¥?We arrived with a bus load at about 5:00 pm and were about 15 minutes getting squared away. It was a nice lobby and very spacious.Room éˆ¥?We had a room facing the neighboring resort but if you went on the balcony and looked right, you could see the beach and the ocean. Some of the tiles were cracked and the trim in the shower was in rough shape and the holder for the shower head was hanging from the walléˆ¥î›ˆut easy enough to live with for the 5 minutes a day we spent in the shower. One day we had very little water pressure but found out it was pretty much resort wide. Face clothes were sometimes scarce but if you asked a maid in the halléˆ¥î›Ÿou would have some next time you came back to your room. Even if you didnéˆ¥æª› tell them your room numberéˆ¥î›šhey just knew.Food éˆ¥?The food was pretty good. I am a fussy eater but always had lots to eat. It was getting a bit old by the end of the week but the al-carte restaurants were good. Next timeéˆ¥îš¯ would go to the steak house every night!!! We also did Oriental and Italian and they were good..Entertainment éˆ¥?This was great!!! Of course if you just want to sit there like a bump on a logéˆ¥î›t may be a bit dull but make the best of it and get involved and you will have a great time. We got there a bit early for the evening show and we were involved with the performance and games 4 or 5 times. Lots of dancing and some funny skits. The costumes were colorful and well done. You could tell the animation team was working hard and enjoy what they do. There was lots of activities around the beach and pool including games and dancing to get involved with.Beach. éˆ¥?The beach was very nice and clean!!! Beautiful white sand and the water was clean in this area. You could walk for miles on the beach either way!!Vendors éˆ¥?There is a plaza for shopping just outside the resort or you could walk 2.5 miles down the beach. On Friday, vendors were brought right inside the resort. They will barteréˆ¥î›™ome can be offended if you go too low though.Overall éˆ¥?We had a great time. Remember it is a 3rd world country so donéˆ¥æª› go there thinking you are in North America at a 4.5 star motel. Make the best of it and have fun. Great value for what we paid. I am not sure I would want to be in the club. It is a beautiful pool but it is still under construction in many areas. The trolly ride is about 2 minuts and not nearly as far as I expected. I don't think there is as much to do there but it is very nice.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>BramptonSnakeyes
<Content>Great resort, Good food, Perfect beaches This will be one of many, many reviews about the Grand Paradise Bavaro, all I can say is read many reviews as you can, weigh out the pros/cons, take it with a grain of salt and decide for yourself.Unlike some of these reviews, I had no issues with my room, it was clean, and had no smell, and the bathroom was fine. We did not have a problem with the cleanliness of it. The maids were good, always left us extra towels.The food, it has been said before, this is not FINE dining, however, having said that, the food was WAY better then what some of the reviews had said before I left. I was PLEASANTLY surprised at the food. It was tasty, and there was variety..and when you got tired of the buffet, there was always the a la carts that were avaiable. The snack bar at lunch where they served pizza, hot dogs, burgers etc was also available. Again, not FINE dining, but the kids enjoyed it. We were a group of over 20 people...and sorry to those that were there the same time we were ( Dec 29-Jan 12) but I believe we finished all the HOT DOGS the first week !!! They were excellent !!Things to do: You MUST go to Saona Island, its the picture in the post card that you see all the time...the place does exist !! Water is spectacular, and swimming with the STAR fish was an absolute treat for the kids !! The other tour we did was the  Monster Truck tour. We went to a Haitian village ( if there is one thing I wish I had known was to bring stuff..). The poverty is shocking. We were able to stop off at a little gift store before we went, and bought some hair clips, pencils, pencil crayons etc...these people need EVERYTHING. So my advice, please bring any little hotel room shampoo bottles, soaps, tooth brushes, if you can, bring down any old summer clothes that you are done with...they need it all...The shows at night time were very entertaining ( for those of you who complained, MY LORD, THIS IS NOT BROADWAY !!) but the animation team put their best efforts into it !! Hi DARIO ( the MC)..HI DAVIDE (the dancer/aerobics instructor )).....Was very friendly, they all were....the kids enjoyed themselves.Overall, this was a great trip for us and the kids and the rest of our party....For those of you setting your expectations of being on FANTASY Island,and being served like a king.. I would say WAKE UP....The hotel is clean, the food is good, the people are friendly, what more can you ask for??? Get back to the simplicity of when vacation was FUN, and ADVENTUROUS....you make or break your trip...its all in the attitude and your EXPECTATIONS...Remember, you are going to a 3rd world country, where there are children that run around without any shoes !!! The people are honest, and do their best to please us..but let us not forget, they are not our servants...HOLA to the staff at Grand Paradise Bavaro, keep up the good work ( there is always room for a little improvement...but you are headed in the right direction )!!P.S For anyone out there that does not travel well (weak stomach)..BRING GRAVOL..the roads are CRAZY...the POT HOLES are Unbelieveable...my children were sick on the drive to our tours ...as well as on the drive back to the airport...  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	5	4	

<Author>angelfacegirl
<Content>Please Don't Go To this resort Ever I never thought I would be one of those people who wrote a review in a negative way but here goes. My husband and I went to the Grand Paradise Bavaro Select arriving on Dec. 29 and stayed until January 12th/08. We have traveled to the Punta Cana every year for the last 6 years and stayed at different resorts each time and this was the worst dump I ever seen.The first room had water in the bathtub about 3 inches deep water leaking from a vent over the toilet, the toilet didn't flush and our view from our patio was garbage and sewer pipes. We went to the desk and told them that this was not livable and was told it was all that was available at this time. Spent the night in this room and was moved the next day around 3pm. The next room had a view of the construction area that is going on there and the ajoining door to the other room had no lock or door nob at all. We asked 4 times for this to be fixed and it never was so the people in the next room were free to come in our room as the wish (great isn't it). The third day in this room we received a note under our door to be out of the room by 9 am as the were going to fumigate the room, we packed our stuff and left the room and didn't return until 3pm that after noon and found our door open about 3 inched and our digital camera gone!!!!!!!!!!We immeditely went to the front desk reported it and security came and totally searched our room including my purse, yes you heard me right my purse, it made us feel like we were trying to pull a fast one on them. They told us they did a scan of the lock on our door and the only people in the room was us and the maid. When I asked about the ajoining door being open and the room door being left open by someone (the maid, the fumigators or God knows who) they said they didn't know what to tell us but they would once again move us. This time (the third time moved keep this in mind) we went to the Grand Paradise Bavaro main resort and was in another room which had mold but a much better view and locking doors than the last two.There is more but you get the picture, I am fighting to get my money back for this two week vacation from hell. Please if you want to contact me feel free I have picture you won't believe your eyes.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dkny84
<Content>Worst vacation of my life Let me start off by saying I am easy to please and dont ever bother to write a review about somewhere i have been. Although, i feel that it is my PERSONAL duty to warn EVERYONE about this terrible resort.This resort is EASILY the worst place I have ever stayed in.The beach is nice, that is the ONLY semi decent thing about this place. I mean, its nice if you want to wake up at 6 am for a broken chair.1. ROOM: SMELLY and the sheets were NEVER changed once. 2. FOOD: Literally, the worst food i have ever put in my mouth. First of all, you need to book all your meals soon as you get there. The girl that books your meals is the rudest person in the resort, possibly in the universe. She gives you what time and place she feels like. We asked her a question, she would answer and started singing in our faces. She says everynight is lobster night which its not, and if it were i wouldnt advise eating the lobster from there anyway. The Buffet is SICKENING, dirty moldy food. Needless to say, we ate bread and water for breakfast. For Lunch, there is one place, another buffet, the only thing that is decent is the pizza which there is a line to get to, and run out constantly. The meat....dont even go there.3. Beach: The beach is beautiful, the water is crystal clear. The beach is great, if you want wake up at 6 am for a broken, old, nasty chair. Without a chair, dont even bother! There is no service on the beach either.4. Entertainment/ Nighlife: There is none. There is one place to go at night outside of the resort. MENGU, bring a machetti if you want to go.In conclusion, be forewarned, this place is the PITS. Do not waste your money, I rather have been at work than on vacation at this resort.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>FrenchBuddy
<Content>Please Dont Have Any Temporary Tatoo In Dom Rep.       tatoo skin rash  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>m1ke068
<Content>Great Beach but.......awful resort Well, to say I was dissapointed would be a drastic understatement. Please, please, please read this review and then decide if you want to spend your hard earned money, a week of vacation time which you look forward too and realise that you cant get back that time or money.First lets put my review into perspective. I'm ex-military, and used to roughing it. I've stayed in hotels in Eastern and Central Europe. I've been to Hawii, Bahamas (x2), Croatia, Hungary, Greece, Bulgaria, Malta, France, Germany and countless other places. I consider myself easy going, and extremely easy to please. Give me some sun, some sand and a decent nights sleep and I'm happy. But this resort is EASILY the worst place I have ever stayed in. Yes the beach is nice, and yes the pool is nice (a little dirty, but still nice). But please read on...1. Our Room. We checked into a bottom floor room (Room 2107) late at night after a long flight. Immediatly we were overwhelmed by a horrible moldy rotten smell. i do realise that we are in the tropics and we could be subject to damp smells due to high humidity etc, but our room was just plain filthy. The phone didint work, so we couldnt phone out to our travel agent. The phone smelt of dirty BO on the receiver. The bathroom caulking around the tub, and toilet, was black with mold. The sheets smelled as if they hadnt been changed in weeks. (Pillows had that dirty hair smell). Mold around the walls, cracked ceiling, dirty fixtures, tub faucet hanging off the wall. Other problems to numerous to mention.I went straight away to change our room and after lining up at the front desk was told not possible (Bear in mind we had booked the new SUNQUEST SELECT section which we had been told was open, but wasnt). come back in morning. So sure enough i went back in the morning and waited and waited for help on another room. when I talked to the supervisor, i had a smile on my face and an agreeable attitiude, as I felt that rudeness wouldnt get me anywhere. His answer.. Not possible, come back in the evening So back again i went in the evening, only to be put off again. That night my wife was sick with the mold, my 6 year old couldnt sleep, and still our phone hadnt been replaced. the next morning after a very firm talk with the supervisor, he threw a key to a new room at me and turned and walked away. The new room was on the second floor and a little better. Here we stayed for the rest of the trip. 2. FOOD. There are 2 buffets. one is in the main area by the beach, and 1 is in the new select area. The one in the main area, reminded me of the Vegas Vacation buffet ( give me some more of the yeller) the other one was much better. and served all kinds of not bad food. But since they rinse the veg and fruit with the same water that you cant drink, you do spend more time on the toilet than you normally do. The al acartes. Book as soon as you can (first day there) or they will be booked up. They ranged from terrible (the grill) which took over 2 hours to get served, to good. (The Dominican, La Tiana). The waiters seem to forget what you were drinking, so you end up getting your drinks yourself. (Often we would order 2 cokes and a beer, and the waiter would come back after being gone for 1/2 hour with one beer. So if you made the mistake of repeating your order to him, then you may end up not having anything to drink at all.The snack place at the beach served the same burgers etc all day3. BEACH and POOL The Beach and Pool are both very nice. And if you get up at 6 and reserve a nice spot under an umbrella, it makes for a great day. OVERALL. The clientle seemed to be mainly French from France and some from Quebec. I meet some really great people from Montreal, but other young guys from Quebec in our cell block seemed intent on yelling and screaming obsenities at the top of their lungs every night at 3. Management didnt do anything until physical violence was threatend by some hotel guests. The service ranged from very nice in some of the restuarants, and in the swim up bar at the club, to absolutly awful at the front desk, and in the little gift shop. At the front desk, they were rude, ill mannered and not helpful at all. They tried to charge me an extra $20.00 for using the phone (for connection charges). I say tried, because I pointed out to them that the words NO CONNECTION CHARGES were printed very clearly on all the phones.When we went to check out, they had recieved a fax from our airline at 06:35 that morning, notifying us of a delay of our flight by about 12 hours. They didnt tell us about that until 8 that night. so we were stuck in the lobby from 1:00 pm after room check out until after 8 that evening. It wasnt until one of our group complained bitterly to the staff, that they got 2 rooms for about 18 people to share so that the kids could get some sleep. Bottom line...Take heed of what you read about this resort. I read all the reviews, but had the opinion that reviews are very subjective and varied as the people writing them, so I thought I would be safe in the new area. Please believe me when I say that all the bad reviews written about this resort are very accurate, and you could end up throwing away your money and time.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>jsscnn
<Content>Had an amazing time! Left December 15th and returned on the 22nd and honestly didn't want to come home. Before leaving we had read all the reviews but went with an open mind - this was our first time to the DR. We had an amazing time. The entertainment was great, food was good and service was always good - sure you have the few grumpy workers but you get that every it's expected! We were in building 6 and loved it - our view overlooked the kid club so nothing special but still nice. Things I learned while there for next time. Check out all buffets - there were two lunch buffets offered and the one offered in the main restaurant did change despite what other travelers have said. Bring snacks - by the end of the week all we wanted was a few chips but very expensive. Make sure to have tip money everywhere - it's not needed but you will come across staff that will go beyond and you would show gratitude at home so why no on vacation.We had the chance to do two excursions Monster Truck Safari and James Bond 007.Monster Truck was amazing and well worth the money! It is a long day however - it started at 7 am for us and we did not get back to our resort till 6 pm.James Bond 007 was a lot of fun!!! The staff was amazing and the snorkeling was great.One thing that we had to get over before leaving on the trip was their standard of a 4 star is not the same here - so if you're expecting the Hilton you're going to be disappointed. There will be problems - you are going to run into something you don't like - but it's how you deal with it or at least that's what we found. Either way this trip was amazing, lots of great memories and we would recommend this hotel to friends.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>tttMontreal
<Content>formidable but First of all, please be carefuff not to mix up with the club of grand paradise hotel since the club is far away from the beach and you need a ride to go to ethe buffet and to go to the beach.We had to change from the club to the hotel. The food in the restaurants were average. My wife and my two other friends were sick, touristas for a few day even if we ate and drunk only at the hotel. The service was average.We would not come back to this place.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>annaijessee
<Content>not a very good time..... We arrived to the resourt late at night and did not get welcome coctails, but thats not a problem... The problem was when we tried to find food at 3 in the morning when we arrived because we were hungry after a long trip (we had to land in Orlando because of the weather).. We couldn't find any food and the resourt promised 24 hour food and drink, well no complains about drinks they really have them 24 hours, but not food. Another problem was the actual food, when we woke up the next morning we went to the buffet, you have good choice, but after eating that food we all had upset stomacks (there were 5 of us). But besides that there were some other problems... We met some people there and there were two girls they lived by themselves and someone stole the safe box key from their room. When they went to the reception, they've been told that there no more keys and that they will have to pay $75.00 to break the lock. The next morning reception had an extra key and they had to pay $50.00 for this key. Our neighbour had her shoes stolen (I wonder who needs shoes that someone already wore?) Two of my friends were missing an I-pod and a gold ring. The one thing is that the stuff could enter the room at any time they wanted to, I think it is wrong because you are paying for the room to have privacy , if not you might as well leave your things outside,would be the same, but free. I understand the maid has to clean it but it is only once a day, and they sometimes entered without need for example to give towel cards, when they could just slide them under the door... The night before we had to leave we came to the bar and we saw some people arguing, after we found out that one of the girls bag was stolen few minutes before we arrived, she had her camera in the bag.... Overall the resourt was OK but all the stealing.... We will never go there again ..... But if you still decide to go, watch it, buy a safety deposit box ( it cost $20.00) and watch the key, and do not leave any of your things that are somewhat expencive on the open place where other people can see them... Also, do not eat too much meat better eat fruits to decrease you chance of getting an upset stomack like we did.........  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>seasandsun
<Content>Wonderful vacation at Grand Paradise       sunset  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>babie_dynamyte
<Content>Excellent Trip       Pool Scene from the Club section  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Privateye
<Content>If u gave it a high rating, you need to get out more!! I've come to the conclusion that those who gave this resort a high rating must have very low expectations.I have never vacationed with the expectation that it will be perfect but I do expect that any major hiccups will be attended to in a reasonable fashion.Here is my story:We arrived at the club portion of the resort in the evening and waited in line to check in for an incredible time due to the fact that many of the guests had paid for the beach front resort area but were sent to the club, which is a 10 minute walk from the beach.When we arrived in our ground level room, we found that the safe didn't work, there was one 3/4 bed and that the door to the adjoining room wouldn't lock (We opened it and found ourselves standing in someone else's occupied room!!).We were told that we would be given another room the following day and went to bed. We were awakened at 3 a.m. to water running from the ceiling of the bathroom. I called front desk and about 4 a.m. a maintenance worker arrived and proceeded to tear the ceiling out of the bathroom. After about 20 mins. he explained that he couldn't do anything until the morning and left.I called front desk for another room, but none was available, so we put our gear on the coffee table and went back to bed, lulled off to sleep by the sound of running water.Front desk advised us to come for our new room at 10 a.m., then noon, then 2, then 4, then 5. Finally, at 6 p.m. I was told that there was no room available for us. I asked what we were to do, since our room was torn apart, but the attendant just shrugged and blamed his supervisor for lying to us about a room being available.After quite a heated situation, suddenly a room became available!! The downside of it was that it was third floor, no lift and facing the noisy road, but at least we had a roof over our heads. The safe didn't work in this room either, nor did the lock on the balcony doors.During our week, I heard a litany of complaints from fellow vacationers, so I'm thinking the good reviewers for this resort are either employees or were at a different resort with a similar name.For general review, yes the gift shop staff are very rude, ... yes the food is quite good in most of the restaurants, yes the beach is clean, as is the pool.The internet and telephone was out of service for over half of our week, but when it did come on, the internet staff were helpful.The male bar and activity staff are VERY friendly, ...if you are female, they are exceptionally friendly whether you are married or not and are not at all shy about their intentions (they love to offer to take you into the bathroom or to the beach at night and teach you the bachata, ...wink, wink!!).The train ride from the club to the beach is very good but the drivers occasionally disappear for up to 30 minutes, leaving passengers waiting and wondering.All in all, ... we only paid $345 plus taxes for airfare from Vancouver and a week at the club, so it was bearable, but to pay much more for this??, .... I'd be making another choice.My rating reflects the fact that this resort failed miserably in attending to simple maintenance problems and failing to provide satisfactory service in the aftermath.Add to this, the fact that I found the night security staff sound asleep on 4 different occasions, my rating for safety is very low as well.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>2	4	2	2	3	1	-1	3	

<Author>whitemucho
<Content>Never solo again.......... I arrived late at night so check in was not a problem. I got to my room room was nice, the buffets okay the things about these buffets is if you wake up lete in the morning from drinking you will miss breakfast buffet so than you only got the la cana buffet. just the whole hours of the buffets is not cool somedays went hungry no buffets where open. I would not go back to this resort just from the food being the exact same everyday lunch buffet was hot dogs thin sliced pork chops and french fries. The beach was awesome. They all want money all of them its crazy or they want your shoes or watch. Never this resort again for me.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>2	3	1	4	2	3	-1	2	

<Author>lint548
<Content>HOLA!       Buffet Restaurant Display  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>meowmeowme
<Content>Fantastic Resort!       One of the excursions- ATV!!!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	2	4	4	

<Author>mhubbs
<Content>Awesome for what we paid My boyfriend and I travelled here in October 2007, I read alot of the reviews before I went away.. I was a little worried.. we get there, the resort looks a little tired.. needs a little paint to spruce things up. the rooms were huge, clean and the bar fridge was restocked every day. the food was amazing, the buffet and a la carte dinners. no complaints there. There service was so good, we went to dinner one night at the buffet.. I order a coke with no ice, the next night at the same time we go for dinner and my coke with no ice is situated on the same table as the night before. OUTSTANDING people working there. We tipped very well after seeing the service we got. I brought down many colouring books, crayons, tooth brushes.. things from the dollar store.. gave it to the locals and they actually had a tear in their eyes.. These people are here to make your vacations AMAZING and they get paid next to nothing. the beach was beautiful, the bar tenders were on the ball and I never had to wait for a drink. the theory sticks.. you get what you pay for, this isnt a 5* property but if your looking to escape for a week and your on budget you cant go wrong here  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>amya22
<Content>not very impressed before i went away i read all the reviews and to be honest i just thought ' everyone comes on hear to moan' and went with an open mind but i was really disappointed. i will start with the bad stuff.1. Food, absolutely awful, cold, un cooked, my partner was ill in bed for 2 days with food poisoning. 2. some of the staff there are so rude, espiecially the reception staff found them un helpful . 3. this is no way a 4 star hotel, 4. we had rain for a few days and i found there was absolutely nothing to do and the venings i found really lifeless. GOOD Stuff - pool and beach are amazing, the rooms are clean and the mini bar is always well stocked. I was offered iberostar and grand paradise for the same price and grand paradise sounded much better.......big regret.... iberostar looks 100 time better so i would advise to pay the same and go iberostar....  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KSD1
<Content>Great time but go with an open mind. My friend and I stayed at the Grand Paradise Bavaro the week of November 3-9th and we had a great time. I read the reviews of this resort and had my reservations about going. A lot of reviews were just negative and didn't provide any details as to why. I found some of the reviews to be of great help and I hope I can do the same. I will try to break it down as best as possible.AccomodationOur room was a good size and was clean. We were in building 5 on the 2nd floor. We had no real complaints. As a note, their elevators are far and few between so if you have difficulties with stairs, you should keep this in mind when getting your room. If you can, try to stay in the 2nd lobby. It was an upgrade (about $20 extra) and well worth it. There are two lobbies at this resort. The second one is where all the amenities are such as the resturants, access to the beach, the disco, sports bar, casino, nightly shows, etc. We brought a little thank you prezie for our chamber maid and gave her a $2 USD tip each day. (Note: bring some $1's for tipping, it's not mandatory in any way but the people really appreciate it.) there is a trolley that runs between the 1st and 2nd lobbies and run every few minutes.ResturauntWe ate at the main resturaunt for most of our meals. We never went hungry but they offered the same dishes almost every evening. They did change the meals a little each evening but there were only a few changes. At lunch you have a choice between the grill and the resturaunt (and sports bar i believe)however, at the grill they offer hot dogs, fries, and hamburgers pretty much every day. Again, you will not go hungry. The a la cart resturants are pretty good. My friend and I went to the Seafood and the Italian and enjoyed them both. (Oh, i forgot to mention, for breakfast, if you like omelets, be sure to stop by that station, their omelets are quite tasty). Neither of us got sick from the food but as a note, bring all of the stomach relief medication you can think of. It's safe that way and you don't have to think twice about buying stuff down there. My friend and I went over board with it but we figured we'd rather have it and not use it than not have it at all.Pools/BeachThe pools are nice. The entire pool is 5ft deep all around so for short people that don't know how to swim, you may not like it. I'm 5'2ish (ok, 5'1ish) and I don't know how to swim but I felt comfortable walking around (on my tippy toes - lol). Note: there are no life guards at the pool or the beach so you should keep that in mind if the water concerns you. the pools were not overly crowded when we went, we were always able to find a chair. Now the beach was amazing. We were only able to go in a few times the week we were there but that was due to a previous storm which caused the waves to be rough. I'm sure by now they've calmed down. The sand is white and the beach is very clean. If you are going down with children, note, going topless is allowed (though some people, men and women shouldn't be but I won't go there - lol).ServiceI didn't have any issues with the service. I found everyone to be very helpful and kind. The language barrier is an issue but you can always get by. There is a gentleman in the resturant named Juan, he was the greatest. Such a nice man and a very hard worker. I found everyone I spoke with to be very helpful. I attempted to speak Spanish when I could but my spanish isn't the best. To be honest, it's non-existent. I was able to get by with a few phrases. It would be a good idea to learn a few key phrases so you can get by. The front desk was very helpful too.Misc.Here are some other points I will mention that don't really fit in a category.Rent a security box for about $20USD (in your room). It'll give you a peace of mind.Bring a bigger plastic cup for your drinks - so you don't get one of those little cups that look like a zippie cup and you won't need to keep going to the bar.Don't forget your stomach medication - you'll be thankful if you need to use itRoaches - we didn't see any bugs at all and our room was very clean but we brought raid just incase. It doesn't hurt to bring it, if you don't need to use it, consider it a bonus.Market - we went to the market located just outside of the resort (about 3mins walking distance) - if you don't like being harrassed this may not be the place for you. There are a lot of nice things at the market but people will bombard you asking you to come to their stall. Keep your patience and understand that they are just trying to make a living. But haggle as best as you can because I found some of their prices to be quite inflated. For example, I bought a ring which started at $90USD for $20USD. Excursions - there are quite a few excursions so keep that in mind when thinking of how much money to bring. They run between $40USD - $115USD. Currency - For Canadians - Though they do accept CDN currency, they do not recognize that the dollar is almost at par to the USD. When we went in Nov, our dollar was worth 10 cents more than the USD but this didn't matter to them. This may have changed since early November so you may want to confirm with your travel agent.That's about it but just as a note, this is considered a third world country so if you are going there with the highest expectations, chances are you will be disappointed. I had a wonderful time and I would go back in a heartbeat. The people are kind and the country is beautiful. You have to go with an open mind. Now with all this said, I heard a couple of people complaining about their situations so you should really think about what you are going for and what you want and find a place that can provide this for you. If anything, you can call the resort if you have further questions.Have fun and play safe!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Nicky4477
<Content>Great! My sister and I just got back from the Grand Paradise Hotel. We loved it. The staff is very friendly and efficient. We stayed in the Club section which is further from the beach but it was quiet at night to sleep. Both the Club section and the Main part of the hotel near the beach had large pools and pool bar. Even though the hotel was fully booked , there was always an open chair by the pool. The restaurants were fun but the food was ok , 4 Star quality, but then again I like Gourmet food so I am more picky with food. The service in the Restaurants were excellent. The entertainment was good. The beach is large and clean. Overall it is a very nice resort and would go back.The only thing I don't recommend is the Horseback Riding nearby near the Barcelo Hotel. The horses are not well trained and you have to take the horses along a narrow dirt road where Buses and cars drive through. The horses were very nervous. I am an experienced horseback rider and I could not control my horse. I got off and demanded my money back. They would not give my money back. There is another Horseback Riding place in Punta Cana and others told me this one was much better.Please contact me if you have any questions..Nicky  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>rosasa
<Content>Much better than a cruise!!! I almost want to give a five star rating because I had such a great time! I went with my husband, my 16 month old son, my mother in-law and grandmother-in law.We stayed at the club in a two bedroom place- more like 3 bedroom because it had 3 separate rooms each with bed, TV, closet and bath. We had a jaccusi in our room which didn't work. But, that didn't spoil my stay. The rooms were very clean, just don't leave out food or the sugar ants will take over.The overall apperance was very nice. Landscaping was beautiful, there was some things that can be dangerous if not careful but, use your brain and watch your kids, and don't go where you shouldn't be and your fine. There was alot of construction, the new sunquest area. It was amazing how quickly things were done- you can tell they were playing catch up.The beach was the best. The sand felt so good on your toes. The waves were so big and fun to jump in and out. The wind was refreshing. The combination of salt water and sun does wonders for you skin. My sun had a body rash that completely cleared.The food was very good. So much variety. And as much as some say they are not picky eaters, they have to be. I and my in-laws come from completely different back grounds and we all loved the food. You have your daily rice, beans and potatoes, chicken, steak, lamb, goat and seafood. Also veggies, spinach, squach, corn, yuca, plantains, cucumbers, etc. A variety of fresh fruits. Cheeses and olives. I also, love the deserts, the weren't too sweet like in the States. I love the juices and the drinks. Also, you felt good after eating, not like a stuff turkey like on a cruise. The animation team were wonderful. I like their spunk. Its amazing how much stamina they have. The dancers were very good and very friendly. The workers all interacted with everyone. Be friendly and they will do everything they can to make you comfortable.The people there were mostly french, from Canada or France. They were very nice and and made efforts to communicate with us, especially to my son which everyone loved. The only english speaking people were from Toronto or Montreal. I know it help that I speak spanish and my in-laws speak hindi, but, if you make the effort, you can meet some great people.My husband and I went on the atv excursion. We had a blast! We went right after it rained, so we went through some big puddles- we were covered in mud.The only downside was the disco. The dj wasn't much of a dj. He was gone for a long period of time and left songs to play in a loop. Oh well. There always has to be a downside.I did not want to leave. I would come back in a heart. Now its time to recruit my side of family. My motto, its much better than a cruise!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	3	3	4	3	

<Author>gypo77
<Content>would not go back where to start?the hotel rececpton looks lovely but after waiting over 30 mins to check in not a good start to out hol.we got to our room on the 3rd floor lots of steps no lift to was nice 2 small db beds tv fridge stocked with soft drinks and water then went looked in the bathroom!the sink was infested with ants (nice) the bath was tiny but ok with a shower.in the wardrobe was the safe was we had to pay $40 for 2 weeksthe view from our room if you can call it a view was of a tree not a very nice tree.the pool was lovely 2 big pools with a bar at the side the beach is breath taking white sands clear seas whowthe food was shocking some days it would be nice but most days it was nastythe sports bar smells and the drinks were flat but at the beach and pool bar it was fine.the shop is very over priced and the staff so rude for a bag of crisps it was $5.00 we were 1 of only 2 partys of english people with was hard at times  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>Neveragainhere10
<Content>Save your money Grand Paradise Bavaro is a rated a 4 star but I find it hard to give it 1 star as many of the latest victims who have been unlucky enough to have spent good money to go there.Amsha Resorts should be ashamed to call themselves resort suppliers as the only thing this place has going for it is the beautiful beach and nice warm weather. Neither of these things they have direct control over. The rooms are in much need of repairs for things like constant running toilets, broken shower heads, mold growing in the bathrooms, doors that don't close, curtains with no hooks, no towels, 3 days without hot water, 1 of the days with no water at all,sewer backups, broken hairdyers, broken light fixtures. All of this and more was seen in the 5 rooms our party of 10 people were unfortunate to have. One couple had to change rooms as the room didn't have pillows, bedspreads or curtains let alone towels or a shower curtain. Horrible!!! The pool was only vacuumed once in the week we were there. There was lots of sand on the bottom and things floating in the water to make it very unappealing.The food at the buffet was not the best, the al a carte were a bit better. They all seemed run out of food and what was left were empty trays of dried up food scraps that didn't get replaced. The front desk staff, the point of first contact was probably the worst of it. Unfriendly and unprofessional we weren't even greeted with a smile. The 2 people who took care of us didn't even say hi let alone acknowledge our presence. We were an inconvienience as they had to give us rooms and call the bell people to help with our luggage. We had 3 seniors with us who needed extra help with baggage. They had even lied to us when we asked them for something and then spoke to each other in Spanish making gestures towards us. Total lack of respect.As far as the rest of the staff from the restaurants, bars, gift shop, cleaning and pool staff, I could only say that about 10 of the staff were friendly at all. Most of them could have been better however I believe they lacked the training to do their job properly. One nice boy said he hated working there but needed the job. The rest of the staff never said Si they would only say NOSorry to be long winded here but we spent a lot of money booking this trip and got very little in return. Spend a few more dollars and book anywhere but here. Amsha will never see my money ever again.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Newfie_traveller75
<Content>Would recommend Myself and a friend stayed at the Grand Paradise Bravo, in Punta Cana. I have travelled a bit over the past few years and this was my first all inclusive. The staff were very friendly with the exception of the gift shop. The staff there were very rude both times I went in. The nighly entertainment was excellent. The beach was clean and white sand was amazing. The resort offered a lot of activities and were very inviting.I never felt any pressure to tip nor were there any vendors on the beach pressuring you, so we were able to relax and enjoy.I would definatley recommend this resort to anyone. It was only 1/2 hour from the airport and there is security throughtout the resort.There was a lot of food... Nothing that I liked too much with the exception of a la carte, the food there was excellent.I had read a lot of bad reviews and had expected to be disappointed. We were escorted to our rooms immediately up on arrival and recieved the same service thru our stay.A few people had commented that you get what you pay for. Well for 1000 dollars we paid each we were treated like queens. For less than 150 dollars a day including flights I'd say we got more than we paid for...  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>K555
<Content>Amazing vacation at the Grand Paradise Bavaro My boyfriend and I stayed at the Grand Paradise Bavaro from October 27 to November 3. We had an amazing time and would totally recomend this hotel. Rooms: Basic but nice. The maids were awseome, always left towel art on the bed. Very clean. Always hot water for the shower. Our television wasn't working well, so we asked for it to be fixed and they replaced it within the hour. Lots of space to put away or hang your clothes. Beach: Most amazing beach I have ever been to. The water is so clear and there are no rocks. In fact, the bottom of the ocean was completely clean, just soft sand. We never had to reserve chairs at the beach, there was plenty. We got the boogie boards and that was really fun.Pools: Very big and clean. You can ask the staff at the beach bar to give you balls to play volleyball in the pool or basketballDrinks: Drinks were great. Very strong though. So if you don't want your drink to be half alcohol half juice make sure to ask for just a little. The Piano bar was the best place to get drinks. Entertaiment: The nightly shows were very good. I especially liked the Guys vs Girls show and the Couples Competition show. The first fews days we had bad weather and was a bit disappointed that the animation team didn't do more to entertainment people. But when the weather was better they were always out during the day getting people to play beach volley, bocce, dance lessons, yoga.Food: I am a very picky eater so i stayed to the safe things, eggs and bacon for breakfast, sandwichs for lunch and pasta for dinner. My boyfriend is more adverterous and always found something to eat. I really liked the egg station in the morning, the chef will prepare omletes or fried eggs as you wait. A la Cartes: We went to 2 a la cartes. The Italian and Steak. The Steak house was awesome. The desserts at both are really good, try the cheesecake!Staff: Everyone was very friendly. Always would say hello when walking by. If there was a problem the concerige desk was very helpful. They spoke english very well which made it easy. Resort: very clean, never seen garbage lying around. The plants and gardens are very well maintained.Watch out for the time share guys. They tend to hang out outside of the main buffet. They wear white t-shirts. Just say no thanks. Also many guys walk around the beach who claim to be from the resort and try to sell you day trips. If you want to do a day trip book it with the hotel as these are certified trips.Sports bar was a good place to hang out if weather was bad. It has pool tables and popcorn and nachos and cheese to eat. Overall we had an amazing time!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>kluska
<Content>dissapionted from ontario arrived from canada on november 18/2007 booked on internet with sunwing to grand paradiso bavaro BEACH FRONTand the bigest surprise - to the beach they will take you for 5 minute ride by same train very inconvieniet - first room we got it was on ground floor with no lock the second room we get inwas not clean it apear that some one just left the bed room was not clean pillow were all over the bed then i just had egnoughthe second room in this evenning we had to change -moving from biulding to building already was to much for me but this is not the end the third room in building number 6 - we got late that eveninng to our surprise in the morninng i went to see the view from the balcony and almost drop dead - it was like New York after 9/11 scarry constructions and 100 workers looking at youvery noisy trucks and bangging all day long - beach veiw just dream on to get food we had to get on the train and go to another Grand Paradiso Bavaro but it was time consumming people where screamming at the lobby because they where also not aware of what they got into the only great it was entretainment really it was ammazing very proffessional and vell dane i guess thats the best think- therei had my lesson they sell you for Grand Paradiso Bavaro beach front and you dont know you will ended up in Grand Paradiso Bavaro C L U Bfar away from the beach and you can do nothing about itwill NEVER GO THERE  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cathydee
<Content>if you booked, go and be careful My Brother Inlaw Was Ill MY BROTHER INLAW GOT SALMONELA POISONING AND WAS IN HOSPITAL FOR 2 weeks on his rerturn home. There is bugs everywhere! You wont believe it till you see it. All over your room floor and all over the floors as your walking around, kinda creepy! ha ha... Leaves a bad taste in your mouth. It appears to be a good price but for what you get its CRAP. Either pay more or dont bother. The food is pretty bad but if your booked already just make sure you dont eat anything that has been handled, like insist you have the meat cooked infront of you and dont eat the salad. My brother inlaw and his family are still trying to get some compensation for 3 out of 4 of them being really sick. My family of 4 were lucky, we just took care when eating.. OH yah dont eat the creamy desserts either.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>twowheeler2007
<Content>Hotel needs huge upgrade       Bavaro Beach  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	5	2	2	

<Author>soho204
<Content>RCI should be ashamed! I saw many negative reviews for this hotel before we left but didn't pay too much attention to them. We are not picky people and RCI always has wonderful resorts so we were not nervous.The resort itself is beautiful and well taken care of. We were at the Club which is quite a distance from the ocean. Big disappointment! They take you on a trolley to the main resort to eat and go to the beach. Most mornings we had to wait for 30-40 minutes for a ride. We also had the pleasure of having no hot water for 4 days. Each day they said it would be fixed but it never was. The internet didn't work for most of the time we were there. It is the only way we coommunicate with family back home and it was not working most of the week. There is no internet access at the Club so you have to trek to the main hotel. The food was acceptable, not bad not good. There was always something you could find to eat. Chinese restaurant was terrible, almost inedible. Steak restaurant gave us a T bone about 1/8 inch thick, dry as shoe leather. Each night if you were watching TV sign would come on the TV to say the direct TV bill needed to be paid. This interrupted the program you were watching for about 10 minutes.It is so sad, this could be a great place but there is no attention to detail. We will never return.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	2	2	1	

<Author>Bronx_NewYorkClack
<Content>Huge disappointment A few weeks ago, I was sitting at my computer just like you reading reviews about the Grand Paradise Bavaro. I was trying to make sense of the mixed reviews and hoping that I would not agree with the poor ratings because I had already booked my trip. Well unfortunately, now I am writing one hoping to prevent anyone else from the huge diappointment. First, let me make it clear that I am not used to a life of luxury andam not a hard person to please. I was just looking for some frozen pina coladas, enjoyable uninterrupted meals, and some relaxation. It didn't happen. My request for staying at the beach side of the resort was not honored the first night, so I had to stay club side where I had to take a shuttle to get to my room. While there, I was in a room on the first floor, which was a high traffic area. It seemed every hotel guest staying in this area had to pass through my hallway, whichwoke me up all night long. Some even felt the need to bang on the doors as they passed through. In the morning, I woke to a toilet whichwould not flush. I called the desk several times, made several visits and finally left after 2 hours and no response to see if my room on the beach side was ready. When I informed the beach side desk manager of all the troubles, he promised to upgrade me to an oceanview room and that I could check-out of my club side room. So, at about 11:00am we repacked again and moved our things to the other side of the resort. Unfortunately, when our room was ready at about 5:00pm it was not oceanview and not an upgrade but we were told that since we were without a room all day, they would not charge us the $2.50 for the keyto the safe--pretty generous huh? In addition, the attitudes of the staff at the desk were that we were troubling them with minor details,like NOT having a room. Pina coladas were watery w/ ice-not frozen andall drinks were served out of those clear plastic disposable cheap cups,--soda and juice at buffet-warm, french toast--cold, hot tub--cold, hot dogs and hamburgers had a gray tint to them and sat in waterfor your taking--music--mostly dominican--besides that the beach and property were beautiful! On the way home our transportation picked up another couple from the Casino Real who said they had a wonderful timeat a beautiful resort with staff who catered to them!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	1	1	1	

<Author>ajnsylvie
<Content>not rated right!!!!! Hi my husband and I stayed at the Grand Paradise Bavaro from nov. 3 till the 10 th.Let me start by telling you we brought our 4 year old with us. When we first get off the plane don't worry about getting help ,the porters run after you ,but I don't blame them they are a third world country.We get at the hotel and it was nice ,they gave us drinks upon arrival.As for booking club gardenview, please take my advice Don't book gardenview even though they say club,they put you at the front of the hotel basically it's like it's not even part of the resort, the main resort is further down . If you reserve oceanview doesn't mean you will get an oceanview it just means you will be closer up front where the beach is at.If you get gardenview you will need to take a little train everytime you want to head to the beach, or to the buffet restarants, most restaurants are in the oceanview side.We were upgraded to oceanview, but my husband had to grease the manager a 50.00 us.It wasn't long before they gave us what we wanted. To save money you can book gardenview and when you get down here you can upgrade, some people got lucky and just greased the manager a 20.00us and were upgraded.As for our room it was huge and very comfy.The FOOD:Breakfast was great we loved it they had scabbled eggs you can have an omelette made as you like, they have pancakes french toast,potatoes,ham, sausage, crepes they were delicious,great pasteries etc.For luch it was also great if you are not picky you will be fine, and as for supper they have a theme every night,example mexican night,french, italian and ofcourse their night dominican night which is the best night .I do have to say that their meal especially lunch repeats.I loved the coffee domicans do have the best coffee.As for the BEACH:beautiful beach white sands.As for the SERVICE:My husband hated the service, we asked for water when we first got there and didn;t get any till the very next day, my husband only drinks diet coke and I think diet coke there is like gold cause they don;t carry much and refill the when they feel like it. We did tip well but the service didn;t get better.We ask the maid for towels for the beach and got them 2 days later they always say 10 min and just forget.We actually tipped in advance and my husband had to go with the bar guys to get water and soda in their storage room.It was a nice vacation ,had better but we will return to the domincan but not this Hotel.We prefer theBavaro Princess now that was an amazing hotel just look at the reviews!!!! Have fun on your vaction  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	2	4	3	2	3	

<Author>Newyorkers44
<Content>Room Robbed of Money and Valuables THE BURGLARY: Stayed at the hotel from the 13th of October to the 20th. On Tuesday the 16th we had 7:30pm dinner reservations at one of the specialty restaurants. When we returned to our room at 9:30pm, all of our cash (about $600 US) and a pair of diamond earings were missing. THE INVESTIGATION: The investigation by the hotel was extremely poor. After a few questions the Head of Security placed a card in the lock, then in a computer to obtain a reading of who entered the room. The print out did not show an entry by the hotel staff. Sorry, End Of Investigation!!! The following day, a Manager, Customer Service and Security met with us. Why didn't you invest $20 for the lock to put in the safe to protect your belongings??? Because it was not offered at Check In. It was in the fine print on the faint paper (a copy) given to us about the hotel. MY THOUGHTS: It was an Inside Job. (1) We didn't purchase a lock. That is logged somewhere. (2) Dinner reservations at a specific time, which we kept. That is logged somewhere. (3) Someone at the restaurant communicated with the thief, the room was empty!!!OTHER DISLIKES: *Major construction in the middle of the pool, ping-pong table, bar and volley ball court. *No water sports, not even non motorized. *Buffet and Specialty Restaurants was average. *On Fridays, venders set up tables on the main walkway and harass the guests. There is no getting around them. We will never return to this hotel. If you do, read the fine print. Especially, Room Amenities. The lie!!!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Danny&Claude
<Content>Good, Smallish Resort       Big Spider  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>paulaw07
<Content>One of the best holidays ever! Myself and my friend have just returned from a fantastic 2 week holiday at the Grand Paradise. This was my second time in Punta Cana but this time was definitely the best!Check-in - we arrived at the resort and were greeted with cocktails which was a nice touch. There was no delay in checking in and we were in our rooms within 10 mins of arriving at the resort. I asked for a top floor which we were given as I had read reviews that if it rained, the ground floor rooms become flooded. It only rained one night for 10 mins.Rooms - the rooms were very spacious and comfortable. There was a mini fridge in each room which was stocked daily with soft drinks. And if there were no drinks there, the cleaners went out of their way to get you more. The rooms were cleaned daily although some mornings, they came too early and came into the room while we were sleeping. Other than that, it was fine. We had the air con going all the time which was nice when you came back from a day in the heat! The TV also had some good channels with movies to watch every evening while we got ready to go out. The bathroom was fine although a little musty but always had hot water and good pressure in the shower. Restaurants - I had read alot of reviews about the restaurants before I went to Grand Paradise so had some idea what to expect. There are 4 restaurants - buffet, La Cana, Asia and Michaelangelo. You can go to the buffet any evening but you must make reservations for the others. When you arrive at the resort, you get 3 reservation vouchers per week. You must fill these out and go to the reception area anyday between 10.30 and 3.30 to make your reservation for the week. We absolutely loved the Asia restaurant and went there 3 times over the 2 weeks. The italian was nice also although basic. Stay away from La Cana - it was terrible. I dont know what meat they used for the steak, but it definitely wasnt beef!! La Cana is nice during the day for lunch or snacks after midnight. The buffet itself was good and has everything even mashed potato and gravy!! The service was excellent and the waiters were very friendly. Especially Jose in the chinese!During the day, we ate at La Cana which was a buffet and had pizza, burgers, hot dogs, french fries, toasted sandwiches etc. A really good selection which was impressive and again, the waiters here were always friendly and singing!!Night Life - hmmm, well we are 2 girls in our 20's and found the nightlife to be a bit of a disaster at the resort. There was an evening show every night with the entertainment staff dancing and different themes every night. I found this really good but I like that sort of thing! Some of the dancers were absolutely fantastic and i found it very enjoyable. They also had a pre show where they had karaoke etc. I think the staff get commission on getting people to sing so get up there! Its all fun!! There is also a piano bar which has a guy on a keyboard and a woman singing. Actually preferred when they played cds of music I knew as I found the guy on the keyboard to be very boring. Onto the disco!! At first, we werent very impressed as it was all Spanish music and nothing that we could dance to. We asked the DJ to play some american music and he gave us a request sheet and played the songs we wanted. After a few days, the disco actually became really good with the help of rum!!! The entertainment staff would also go to the disco and they got everyone in the mood and always got people dancing. Leodus, Raldy and Wilde to name but a few were great fun!! People usually left the disco to go to another nightclub outside the resort Mangu - we didnt go there as we were nervous about leaving the resort at night.Pool area - the pool is absolutely gorgeous. We set up camp near the pool bar and had entertainment and music all day although they played the same music but I loved the songs so it didnt bother me too much! There was entertainment in the mornings and afternoons with dancing lessons and volleyball in the morning and aqua gym and spanish lessons in the afternoon. The staff here were Dario, Bon Bon, and David and can I just say that Dario and David were absolutely great fun and made it really enjoyable. They had a Dominican party every Friday where they would dress up and dance with everyone. We miss them loads!!!Beach - the beach is the most beautiful beach that I have ever been on. It is so amazing, I cannot describe. We spent alot of time there also. There are people going around offering tours etc and are really friendly. You can also have your picture taken with a monkey or parrot for $8.Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed my holiday at Grand Paradise Bavaro and would run back there in a heartbeat. I am very open-minded and have read all the reviews including the bad ones. I dont understand how people can put down the resort. Yes, its cheap and cheerful and may not be the same standard as other resorts but it was so much fun and had the nicest people there. I stayed at Sunscape previously. This was a much better standard but.... the staff at Grand Paradise make it what it is!! Dont read the negative reviews - go there and see for yourself!!!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>3	5	4	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>SpeedyMac
<Content>Sept 15-22 My wife and I along with another couple went to Bavaro Paradise from Sept 15-22 to celebrate our 1st year anniversary. As I always do with any vacation I book I read as many reviews as possible on Trip Advisor and based on price and location (Punta Cana) we agreed on this hotel.It was my wife's 1st time in DR. This was my 5th time there but 1st time at this hotel. Breakdown:Check in/out: Nothing to complain about here however we did take a cab to and from the resort to miss the huge line-ups. (30 minutes by cab from airport) Check in was nice, friendly and quick. Now when we checked in one of the rooms weren't ready but they promised it would be in 30 minutes and it was. No worries though as one of the rooms were ready so we stored everything there.4.5 out of 5Rooms: 6322  6319 were our room #'s. Green buildings right in the middle of the main reception area and beach. Perfect location. Our rooms were Large and roomy and had a view of the pool and the ocean if you looked left. Now I did kill 2 roaches while there BUT it's the Carribean. They always re-stocked the fridge and made the rooms TWICE a day which was something I never experienced before. Not sure if the $2 tip we left after day 2 had anything to do with it but the other couple whose room was across from ours got the same treatment (they too left a tip after day 2). No worries with the AC. Actually worked too good as we were frozen every morning. We lost power 1 night. No worries though as we were sleeping. The fridge woke us up as it was making a wierd noise and that's when we realized it was the power. Water was always powerful and cold/hot always worked with no issues. 1 day the plug got stuck in the sink. I called reception at 8am. I went back to the room at 9:30 and it was fixed. TV was fine although no remote but who cares. I watched TV when my wife was taking a shower or vice versa. So MAYBE a combine 30 minutes a day MAX.4 out of 5Beach: Awesome. Best thing about this resort and the reason why it was worth the money. Nothing bad to say. More then enough chairs in the sun and under the shade. Water was awesome although the current was really rough for a couple of days however there was a hurricane in the area so it was understandable. Not safe for young children to be in the waters alone. Lots of water gear/playwear available free of charge which was nice.Warning to people who shun on women going topless. 80% if not more of the women there were topless. This hotel is VERY European. Not sure if it was due to the dates we were there.5 out of 5Swimming Pool: Nothing bad to say. HUGE pool. Always seats. Music was a little repetitive but overall good. 4 out of 5Bars: Yes you have to wait quite a while at the swimming pool bar as there ALWAYS seemed to be a shortage of glasses and even if there wasn't again there were LONG waits. (the waiters seemed to serve the Spanish speakers 1st) BUT $5 goes a long way. 3rd day I gave the waiter $5 and I never waited again. But it really shouldn't be that way. The rest of the bars were fine. Espeically the Sports Bar. Cudos to Jose who was the only Outgoing Friendly staff member we met. By outgoing friendly I mean taking time to get to know your guests even if your English is broken and my Spanish is broken.3 out of 5Food:BY FAR THE WORST FOOD I HAVE EVER HAD THE DISPLEASURE OF HAVING IN AN ALL INCLUSIVE RESUTARAUNT!!!! Now I'm as easy going a guy as you will find in this world and for me to say the food was HORRIBLE means the food is HORRIBLE. Sorry but breakfast and dinner was garbage. if it wasn't for the Lunch bar by the beach which had burgers, pizza and fish we would have starved. Thank God for popcorn and nachos with cheese in the sports bar. Sorry but if you are picky with eating (which I'm not) this place is NOT for you. As for the specialty restaurants we did the International, Italian and Chinese. All 4 of us agreed that the Italian was the best. I like the International along with the other guy but the ladies did not. The Chinese I didn't like and the other 3 we sub par over it HOWEVER we agreed that Dominican's and Chinese Food don't mix. I got sick one night eating salad of all things. For the amount of alcohol I drank to get sick of salad was laughable at best. Hamburgers, fish, pizza, fries, popcorn and nachos with cheese is the way to go. A plus here is that anytime you want there is food available.Breakfast and Dinner 0 our of 5Lunch 4 out of 5Specialty 3 out of 5Shows:Horrible.....so unorganized and out of sync. Yes they try hard but WOW it was BAD. Whoever is in charge of the shows should be canned. We left early every night but 1 (when we were drunk and actually found it entertaining). I've seen better performances from grade 1's.1 out of 5Service:If there was a problem they fixed it ASAP. No they don't speak good English but if your patient and polite they will do everything they can. Very good service.5 out of 5Overall:Would not go back but then again I never go back to a resort. So many to see why go back. So far in my visists to DR (Punta Cana, Juan Dolio, La Romana, Santo Domingo and Purto Plata) this was the best beach but the worst pertaining to friendly staff, entertainment and food. It's good that the 4 of us are outgoing and made the best out of it. Then again for under $800 CDN what do you expect. This is not a 4 star hotel. Ammenity wise sure....quality of food and service NO WAY.3 out of 5  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Globetrotter42
<Content>good hotel - had a great holiday There are lots of mixed reviews on this hotel so I thought I would add my own. We stayed here for 2 weeks in August and had a great time. The beach and sea are amazing and there are lots of sunbeds to enjoy the seaview. There are also large swimming pools if you are not a sea person. You can eat and drink 24 hours a day if you want to. We couldn't fault the food at all - we didn't have one bad meal whilst we were there and I was being extra fussy with being 6 months pregnant. Food in the snack and buffet restaurants does tend to be the same although they do have theme nights in the buffet restaurants. The A'la carte restaurants are all worth a visit and we particularly enjoyed the Italian and Chinese!Now for the odd negative points - Most of the staff cannot talk English which is fine as you can get by, although they do tend to ignore you when you're trying to order drinks both at the bars and in the restaurants. The day and night entertainment is also either in French or Spanish which could be a shame if you have children or enjoy watching the night shows. Another gripe for us which may seem trivial is that they play the same music around the pool and in the buffet restaurants everyday - I think they just had a one cd that was on repeat - It was good at first but by the end of the holiday we were absolutely sick of it!!The rooms are big enough and cleaned everyday. You also have a mini bar with water and soft drinks which is great.Overall we enjoyed this holiday and got it at a good price. Definately would recommend for those wanting a relaxing holiday with a fab beach and blue sea with good food and lots of drink.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>briesy99
<Content>Absolutely Amazing... an incredible resort! Best time of my life! Ok! First off I went to the grand paradise sept 8th-15th of this year (07) with my mom my cousin and my aunt for a girls week. We flew with sunwing out of Toronto and it was an amazing flight! We got to the hotel at 11:30, and we knew checkin (since it's stated right on the hotels website) was not until 3:00pm. We were told to leave our luggage with the bellboys and go to the pool or explore. We decided to go get changed into our bathing suits and go to the pool! We changed in the bathrooms that are NEAR the main lobby, there are no washrooms right in the lobby, it's down one corridoor to another. The washrooms were beautiful, all stone tile, and flowers everywhere. Very clean, and only one stall had some water on it. Nothing to complain about. We then went down to the beach to get some chairs, and even though it was 11:30am , we had no problem getting a spot under an umbrella. The pools are beautiful, the beach is gorgeous, and both are very clean and well kept. The beach bar isnt a swim up, the swim up bar is at the club grand paradise which is farther away from the beach and i think thus whhy they get that luxury. But the beach bar is literally 5 steps from the stairs to the pool, it was fine for me. The service at the beach bar was amazing, dont forget to tip! these guys work 12 hour shifts and when the beach bar closes at 11, they are there until 2 am, on hands and knees SCRUBBING the floors and every inch of the bar itself, we made friends with some of the staff and witnessed this all first hand. At 3:00pm we went up to get our rooms and there was no wait and no problem, infact some people that flew in with us had already gotten their rooms EARLY! hte bellboys took us up to the rooms and they were amazing. they are fairly plain, a few pictures on the wall, but VERY clean. The bathroom was great, not a spot of water, no leaks, TONS OF HOT water.. i am boggled that some people in the reviews below had no running water... Keep in mind sunwing and sunquest and LARGER tour groups own certain blocks of rooms, and you get what you pay for. Our fridge didnt leak, we had a balcony and we only paid for a garden view... we had an ocean view, it was just amazing!!! They have so many poolside activities, from contests, to beach olleyball, water aerobics, spanish lessons and water polo, we were always doing something, they have a kids club, i met another canadian with a little boy and he loved it! they are not stingy on the alcohol whatsoever, infact a lot of the time i had to say JUST A LITTLE VODKA haha they like to fill it up halfway, you really get your money's worth if you drink. The pool and beach are soo clean, the poolside does get slippery, so wear flip flops, i didnt fall ONE TIME! The food is great! i had no problems! my cousin, who is the most picky eater i know found something everynight at the buffet, and loved the beach restaurant for lunch, they have hamburgers and hotdogs and pizza, the pizza was awesome! the a la carte restaurants were great, i went to chinese and seafood and my cousin and aunt went to italian we loved all of them, GREAT service and great food. and we booked with our sunwing rep and had no trouble getting reservations for every one we wanted to try! the staff is really overworked, and they make about 40 american dollars a month. So remember to tip... a vacation is what you make of it, and if you expect to be waited on hand and foot and have everything emmaculately spotless and perfect, dont travel!! especially to a third world country! I had NO complaints about ANYTHING, the only staff i had a problem with was the girl in the gift shop. and it was my mother that had a problem not me. we tipped our made 2 dollars a day, and gave her little things we prebought at the dollar store like makeup and hair clips. She loved it, and appreciated it, and one day when i came back up to get another towel, she had both beds across the room cleaning under them and the walls!!! I never saw one mouse, or bug or anything for that matter in my room or any part of the resort! It was so clean and such an amazing experience. the staff is so friendly, if you're friendly. Try and speak spanish, even if it's a little, they find it entertaining and they respect you for it! The disco was fun too, the entertainment staff are there dancing with the guests, teaching dances, and it's a great time. The sports bar is open 24 hours it's a fun time too! and for internet you simply pay at the front desk and you get a little ticket that has a log in code on it, and you can use it all week until your minutes are up. I had no problems with the internet whatsoever. Overall, this resort is amazing. I'm actually confused about if the other reviewers were at the same hotel! I dont have one complaint, it was a great time and we are planning to go back the same time next year for 2-3 weeks instead of one! same hotel because it was just amazing! We went during hurricane season but it's also hte hottest month of the year, we only had about 7 minutes of rain, it was the beautiful weather and i reccommend this resort for anyone and everyone!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>putterpop
<Content>Terrible! more like 2 star We had a terrible experience. First day we arrived at 11:30 and did not get our room until 6pm. A group of 25 sat in the lobby, with our luggage in the lobby and no place to lock them up. Reception was rude and customer service could not help the situation. There was no running water for 2 days, and when it returned the shower was cold for a day. We had not water in our room for 2 days and had to call reception twice. The rooms were old and smelly- like must and falling apart with water dripping. When it rained, our balcony flooded with water that remained stagnant until they unclogged the drain. Food was okay, nothing special at all. We could not find limes if we tired. The pool was nice but very slippery .... we almost fell various times. Beaches were beautiful and the Marinarium trip was fun! Service is terrible, and the people were very rude. Have never had an experience like this. Not very friendly at all. We were very disappointed. On our last day all the toilets were flooded and filled with feces and no soap or toilet paper in the main lobby. IT was a disgrace. I would never return!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	3	2	1	1	3	

<Author>bernice_joy
<Content>Some good and some bad My husband and I went there for our honeymoon and we had a great time over-all, but the first day was really crappy. We paid extra to get a VIP ocean-view room but the one they put us into when we got there was far from it! After a couple of days they moved us into the room we paid for, and it was beautiful!! We had an end room, we could watch the waves from our bed! The food was alright, we don't eat a lot of fancy food, so we didn't go to all of the restaurants, but the ones we went to were good.The beach was gorgeous, and well kept, and the water was great! The pictures from one website showed a swim-up bar, but there wasn't one, it's pool-side but you have to get out of the pool. I don't know if that's changed in the last year, so I'd check that out if it's one of your requirements. It's definitely a 4 star resort, which is what they claim, but we had a great time and would probably go back!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>MalinNewYork
<Content>I Will Not Go Back To This Hotel Check in was at 3:00 P.M. We arrived a little early and were told the room was going to be ready by 3:00 P.M. This was not true we had to wail until after 4:00 P.M. Furniture is outdated, service was horrible. When we finally got to the room there was a leak comming from the refrigerator, there was a MOUSE in the room, yes a real MOUSE, the balcony door did not close. When I complained they change me to a better room with a better view but not before I raised hell. Everyday cleanliness was good. The best things were the beach and pool. excusions were well organized except the ones organized by HOTEL BEDS. They cancelled and excursion and I was never notified until after the fact and only when I inquire.If you speak spanish is like a curse you get the worse service  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cafedeli
<Content>would go back We had a excellent time, food very good, top service, would go back again  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gman77
<Content>Great beach lousy service       the Beach  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>NICBEN314
<Content>would not go back...       my best friend and i  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	2	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>abruc4610
<Content>A motley experience The property was absoulutley beautiful when you entered. However, very few people who work there speak or understand english and I do not speak spanish. Getting information was very tough...They always smile though.My oceanfront room was really a poolside room with a tiny glimpse of the ocean and I mean a tiny glimpse. Plan on iving out of the suitcase-there are only 3 tiny draws in the room-small desk draws for your clothes????If you hang up all your summer attire there is a small closet. Watch out for the handheld shower -that when it is attached -it washes the whole bathroom. The toilet wiggled and the sink faucet squirted everywhere. The room was not plush and alot less than I was used to. I didn't realize this in my all inclusive price. Oh and don't forget the cockroaches we were fumigated and they were here and there even on the third floor.The pool and the beach and the grounds were fabulous. The food was medium, and not spectacular and the outside food was cold most of the time. I was sick by the 4th night from the food -I barley drink. The bartender saw me deathly ill by the pool and made me a great cure of bitters, lime juice soda water and salt and reluctant as I was it really helped me.The people were wonderfully happy and always smiled which made it seem all better, but the language barrier was tough if you really needed something. Great grounds, great people, great weather needed and expected a better room.DON'T DO THE excursion to saona island-you just pay for a very long bus ride to the harbor-left at 7:15 Am and didn't get to the beach until 1:30 and the tour there was just a long bus ride and not much to see. The boat ride was pretty.The catamaran was beautiful with a great view. There was no real refreshments other than 2 liters of warm sprite and coke and a bottle of rum. It was so cheaply done. Really lousy excursion and we didn't see the dolphins or the huge starfish....You only stay at the beach 2 hours and the trip back was long. We didn't get back at the hotel until 8;00 and missed dinner reservations. I was Told we would be back at 5:00 when we booked this. Oh well..Overall I would find a better hotel and be more careful about any extra tours...  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>2	3	1	3	3	2	3	4	

<Author>devil90000999
<Content>Very Good Resort       catalina island  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>geonewyork
<Content>you get what you pay for My wife and I took our 4 children, ages 3-9 to Grand Paradise fo ra week in June. I would say overall it was a good value for what I paid (about $600 per person for airfare, 2 rooms, food  drinks), but it wasn't as nice as most of the other places my wife and I stayed at before we had kids. Here's a summary of what we experienced:The transfer from the airport took almost an hour because we stopped at many other hotels before ours, but the bus had good a/c and was comfortable. Check in was very quick because there was no line, however I requested 2 connecting rooms weeks before arriving, even e-mailed the hotel manager and he said we'd get them. But we were given rooms across the hall from each other. They said come back in 2 days, we'll have connecting rooms. When I did they then said come back in 3 more days, so we just kept the rooms we had.Rooms: We stayed in bulding six overlooking the pool, good location. The rooms were a decent size, but there was only one tiny dresser in each, so we just lived out of our suitcases. The a/c worked very well, and our beds were very comfortable. The shower was fine. We did have a few small roaches each day but they didn't bother us compared to the disgusting ones we have in NY. Maid service was fine. Never lost power even during the biggest thunder storm I ever experienced. No room service at all, no drinks in the room refrigerator other than a gallon of water, if you want to have cocktails or beer in your room you have to go all the way to the lobby or sports bar. One night I ordered 6 beers to go at the lobby bar and they looked at me like I had 3 heads. Also, the halls have no rugs and are like an echo chamber, if you're a light sleeper plan on getting woken up often. Food: The food was average at best. Breakfast is only at the buffet restaurant, lunch is there as well also at an outdoor place by the beach. There is a huge variety and you may be able to find something you like, just go as soon as they open, they can get very crowded and seating more than 2 people together can be difficult. If you stay for a week you get 3 vouchers for the table service restaurants. The chinese place was ok but it must have been 95 degrees in there. They let us book the Italian for the night of the week they're closed, we didn't find that out until we got there. The Domincan themed place, called Taino, was pretty good but had nothing our kids liked, also it's outside so no a/c, if you like sweating on your food you're in for a real treat. The late night snacks the hotel claims to offer consists of popcorn or awful nachos like you get at a movie theatre, both availble only at the sports barDrinks: If you're particular about your booze you are probably going to be disappointed. The only beer is a local brand served in small plastic cups. Cocktails are mostly local rum/fruit juice, I don't remember seeing any other hard liquor. No frozen drinks either. A six pack in the gift shop goes for $18.00 US. The Sports Bar is a small room with a 5 or 6 seat bar, one tv in the corner and a few games.Pools: the pools at the main part of the hotel were very good, we all loved them. However one day we took the tram to the Club section to go to their pool, it was so dirty you couldn't see past your knees, it looked like milk! We left right away.Beach: The beach was incredibly beautiful, one of the best I've been on including Hawaii, Cancun, Bahamas, Aruba. No problem getting shaded lounges although it was off season.Staff: Overall friendly, just be nice and try to know a few basic Spanish words and you'll be fine, Tipping the bartenders helps get you better service when it's crowded.Summary: I think it was a pretty good value and our kids loved it since they had no expectations, if you go there just remember it's not a 5 star hotel, there's a reason it's one of the cheapest all inclusive in Punta Cana. YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Potomac69
<Content>Very NIce for the price................ Although the hotel has very mixed reviews... if you aren't expecting a 5 star resort this hotel does a very good job forthe low, low price. The rooms are just OK... everything thatyou need but nothing extra but clean. The resort has 5 specialty restaurants and reservations must be made on the day youarrive and you have to wait in line to make these. There isa Steak house, Seafood, Asian, Italian and Dominican allwhich were very good... alot better than what I expected.I really feel that this hotel has been unfairly reviewed by severalpeople on this site... you get what you pay for. If you are notexpecting a five star resort and just want a inexpensive vacation this property is GREAT. Two pools with plenty of beach chairs,orgainized water sports and activities and the staff is very,very nice... although anywhere in Punta Cana and I mean anywhere, Spanish is spoken and expect a language problemif you don't know it. Brush up before you go as to what you mayneed.. and translate to Spanish (very easy on the internet)By the way... drinks are house brand only... if you want brandalcohol you will have to pay for it. Hope this review helps  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>lovespuntacana
<Content>Great Vacation This was the best vacation ever. We just got back a few days ago and cannot stop talking about it. My daughters and I cannot wait to go back. The service was great. The food was great. The hotel is clean and the staff works very hard. I cannot say a bad thing about it. Highly recommend.I was skeptical before the trip because I read some of these nasty reviews. The only rudeness I saw was from other guests.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Divajo
<Content>Ghetto! We went to Punta Cana on August 1st thru August 6th.The Grand Paradise Bavaro Hotel..It was a complete DUMP.. The food was Nasty, it was either Dry, Watery, Salty everything. Nevermind the Drinks...all water down. Gave you the cheapest rum there is that if you drop some on the floor and lite a match the place would be on fire. None of the bars had Bottle water..I've never heard of such thing. The Rooms, we couldnt believe. The beds and furniture were so old that it reminded me back in the 1970's never mind the mattresses...I was just grossed out to even lay my head on the pillow. There was no TV for 3 days, not that i went to go watch TV but not even a clock radio.. The bathroom shower it was a Hand Held..you couldnt even take a relaxing shower. The AC in the room horrible, you have to keep the card in all the time because if you take it out its hot as hell in there...There were mosquitos in our room EVERY day and nite. We probably killed about 10 each day.. Had no clue where they were coming from..Most likely from the vents..On top of being hot in the room we had to cover our heads from head to toe, because they were buzzing in our ears....I had called months in advance to give us a room at least facing the pool or beach, they gave us a room facing the back driveway..and i am not kidding...and the Lobby store was in the middle of doing renovations and you couldnt even walk into to the store to buy bottle water or nothing...No more 3 start hotels for me, even though this was more like a 1 star.I have never stayed in a run-down hotel ever, nothing like this..I did read a couple of reviews before but i didnt think it was going to be this bad..Overall, I guess what it all comes down to is you get what you PAID for...  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	2	1	

<Author>Melly01
<Content>It was very nice       sports bar  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>EStew07
<Content>Great Hotel We recently stayed in this hotel last month and it wa fantastic, by far the best all-inclusive I have ever stayed at.If your leaving soon ill be happy to answer any questions you might have about the resort.Just write me and ill answer :)Stewart_sullivan@hotmail.com  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>By_Shana
<Content>Loved It       dinner  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jerseygirl90
<Content>Beautiful Place I was nervous to go because of all the other reviews.Overall the resort was fine. The food was good. The service was good. The rooms were decent. The beach was beautiful. The pool was really nice.The pointers we read in other reviews did help.Bring travel mug for drinks, the bartenders have no problem filling them. Get extra key card for air conditioning to stay on while you are out of the room. Everyone was very friendly. We tipped the bartenders our first couple times each day a couple dollars and they treated us great. It is the arrogent people who treat the hotel employees like crap that end up complaining, because they expect the world should drop at their feet. We bought little boxes of crayons we got from Oriental trading Co. for the kids that run up to you while on tours. They really liked them. They were inexpensive and like gold to the kids.The maid service was good. We also bought sample size lotions, and creams to give to them and they loved it.I would recomend this place. I am in the food business all my life and I like good food, I couldn't complain at all. Things are done different than where you live, but that is why we travel isn't it?  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>McTravel55
<Content>Nice Resort       Just floating  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	1	

<Author>BradToronto
<Content>Hotel not worth it When my girlfriend and I arrived at the hotel, it looked very good from the outside. Palm trees, sunshine, we believed that the hotel would be amazing, but during check in, that quickly changed. The staff has very limited level of English and the communication was very difficult. When we got our so called GARDEN VIEW ROOM we were more disappointed. All that is any room, any level facing any direction towards a tree or plants around the resort. That was funny!. The room was old and needed maintenance. The shower leaked onto our room. We got two double beds rather then one king size bed that we requested, but due to the communication problem, it was not worth arguing with the staff because I wasn't getting anywhere. The telephones did not work for three days due to some MINOR problems. Good thing about the resort, food was good and tasty. The beach was kept clean by staff constantly picking up garbage. The nightly entertainment was really bad, and not fun at all. More for teenage kids rather then couples. Punta Cana is awesome, the beaches are breath taking, I will go back but this time I will pay the extra few hundred dollars and stay at the 5 star resorts that surrounds the Grand Paradise. This hotel I only recommend for teenagers that are going down with a group of friends to just drink and party. Not for couples. The hotel should only be 3 star, at most. Oh one more negative, the girls that work in the gift shop, dont bother going in, they have a very bad attitude problem, they dont talk to anybody and dont care about you or your problem, what ever it might be. B$#@'s, and the porters, dont' be fooled by their assertiveness, when you tip them a dollar or two, they dont go away until you pay more, in this case be more authoritative and tell them NO, and close the door. Not good business for the hotel..This is what my experince was, not very impressed but I pay attention to detail. Your chose travellers, dont go to Grand Paradise but go to a 5 star resort and have more fun...... Enjoy your trip.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	2	1	1	

<Author>colonmarangely
<Content>omg it was the best-trust me-it was and I am picky oh my! Where do I start? This was the best resort ever--At first I was a bit scared because of some of the reviews but I don't understand the bad reviews because everything was perfect. As I arrived, the man excorted me to the room and he was so soooooooo nice and just left. He wasn't standing there waiting for a tip but I tiped him anyways because of his kindness. Than me and my friend went to get our towel and the towel people were so nice as well. So polite and than we went to get some pina colada and drinks, even there was nice. All the staff made me feel as family and some of them even sat with us during lunch time and dinner. The food waas awesome. I read that it would not be that way but I went to each and every restaurant and the food was the best. Every night they had a different theme at the buffet restaurant. One night it would be German night, the next it would be Dominican style night and etc. Sports bar was fun. Had pool table and other activies. At the pool, they had all kind of activities going on every 30 minutes or hour. Had spanish lessons, volleyball games, bikinki contest, dance contest, dance lessons and more activites that is a lot to mention. Than me and my friend went to ride bikes and that was fun and played basketball. They also had a tennis court. Something for everyone. The jucuzzi, omg--is so awesome--is great and beautiful-relaxing and the beach and pool--gorgeous. Everything was perfect. You cannot ask for me. Because e verything was just perfect. But so that you know, this is not a honeymoon resort. This is more like a single, group of friends or family resort. Is a place to have fun and be free. No one would be on your face. If it wasn't great, i would not spend my time writing. So trust me, if interested, go. (-:  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>bbdubois
<Content>Very Good. Great beach, pool and staff The beach, pool, room and staff were great. The food was very good with the exception of the steak house which was awful. Go to the International Restaurant for a very good meal. All the food with the exception of the steak house was very good and plentiful. We don't drink that much, but when we did the drinks were very good. The beach is great to walk on, enjoyed the water and just relaxed. You can walk for miles. Pool was great, but we liked the beach as it was quieter, away from noise. GREAT FAMILY VACATIN PLACE.We were in building 3 and had a great maid named Maria Martinez. The room was always clean and if we needed anything we just asked Maria.Do the Bavaro Runners for a great day. If you go ask for MiMi as your guide. He and John were great.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	2	

<Author>medallo5
<Content>Excellent !!!!!!! I was blown away on how nice this resort was. the entire experience was great, from check in to check out. People were super friendly and there was a lot of variety with the food. If you're a picky eater ur a picky eater, no matter if its a 5 star or not. THe food was great, the rooms were clean , the staff was very helpful and friendly. THe beach.... AMAZING. its this simple.... if ur looking for a great beach, good food, great staff, relaxing time, plenty of drinks, a good time... this is the place for u. Definetely going back here.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DidiDenis
<Content>It was just greaat!!       pour at the club with the Vollyball net  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>ruthiex
<Content>Stunning holiday Me and my partner stayed at grandparadise bavaro for two weeks. It was the best two weeks of my life. On arrival we were greeted with a refreshing coctail and were checked into our rooms within 5-10 minuets. The room was clean and tidy and the air-con had been put on ready for our arrival which was brilliant as the weather was so hot. The room came with a beautifull view of the beach which is absolutly stunning.The rooms also come with a mini fridge wich is filled up everyday. There are 2 main pools that are huge and finding a sunbed was never a problem at any time of the day. Round the pool there are plenty of activities that include water sports, bowls, shuffle board and table tennis. People also walk around with animals and will take pictures of you with them which is good fun for the kids. Moving onto food we never went hungry. The grand Buffet changes its theme everyday and there is always a wide variaty and choice. The beach bar serves pizza,chips, burgers and hotdogs basically all day then turns into a restraunt at night wich is a definate must to visit. I recommend the itialian and the grill as the food is simply superb.alcohol is all inclusive 24 hours a day and there is loads to choose from. Becarefull as everything contains rum and lots of it. :) the beer is good over there too. The weather was brilliant but beware it does rain for short periods of time most days. This is very refreshing and only lasts for 10 minuets most storms and heavy showers happend at night. At night there is plenty to do. There is a show, a night club and a sports bar. The sports bar is open 24 hours and serves sandwhiches,nachos and popcorn through the night. The staff are very very friendly and a small tip wont go a miss.in the sports bar they make a wonderfull cocktail called ohmygod. I wouldnt ask what is in it but its fab. If you are staying at the resort for two weeks it might be a good idea to take some trips with your travel company. Thomson offerd a wide range of trips and we went on two of them. One was swimming with the dolphins and the other a trip to saona. Both wonderfull once in a life time expriances which were great fun. Beware of the people walking on the beach offering you trips because you wont be insured on them. I hope this is enough information for you. You will have a great holiday. We are hoping to return sometime next year. Just a little reminder that it isnt a fully developed country and everything isnt perfect but its very near.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>dkelly27
<Content>Great Vacation for the price I just returned from GPB last evening with my husband and son (17) and another family of three. We stayed at this resort from 07/25 - 08/01. I'll begin by writing that I was very concerned about the negative reviews that I read on this site, but I tried to keep an open mind.This site rates this resort with 2 stars out of five for hotel class. They also give it a popularity index of #44 out of 58 resorts in Punta Cana and a travelor rating of 3.5.My rating is somewhere inbetween, 3 out of 5 stars.We paid about $800 per person for 8 days, 7 nights. Based on what we paid it is a good value. Where can you go for that price all inclusive? We paid for a 2 star and got a 3 star if you go by this sites rating.I'd like to address the negative things that people have written recently in their reviews.1) COCKROACHES!!!! - I went armed with raid and sprayed my room when we arrived, we never saw one and either did the other family we were with,. (and they didn't spray their room) So, please don't worry about cockroaches.2)LANGUAGE BARRIER WITH STAFF - I would have to say 80% of the staff know enough English to get by. The biggest issue we had with any kind of language barrier was with the other guests at the resort.(And, for the other reviewers info. they are not mainly Europeon's they are Brazillean's, Cuban's, and Puerto Rican's.)I would break it down to 10% Americans, 10% Europeons, and 80% of the 3 other countries I mentioned above.3)FOOD - Breakfast - We went to the buffet each morning (thats really the only option) There is a HUGE variety. If you can't find something to eat I really don't know what to say about that. Try the crepes and omelets, they are made to order and are excellent.Lunch - offered daily at the main buffet and at La Cana Grill down by the beach. We ate at the latter because it was so convenient and you could go in with your bathing suit on with just some shorts and flip flops. They offer a salad bar, a panini maker with coldcuts and cheeses, hamburgars, hot dogs, rice and beans, excellent roasted chicken, fries, and pork chops or fish alternating daily between the latter 2. We were hooked on the chicken it really was delicious.Dinner - Again the buffet offers a huge selection. There were six of us and we always found something good to eat. The pasta station was excellent. We tried 3 a la carte's and I would rate them in order of preferance as the Asian, Italian and the Steak House last. (very poor quality steak).Service - I would have to say that out of 23 meals we maybe had to get up for our drinks 4 times. They do not just refill your empties, they take your drink order at your table and bring it to you. ( a dollar tip goes a long way with these waiters, they will remember what you drink and bring it automatically when they see you). Overall the food is good.4) ROOMS - Perfectly adequate and clean. My only complaint here is that I wish they changed the bed linens more. HINT- bring a few scented candles and a small can of Lysol, there is a slight musty smell when you arrive because they do not run the a.c. when the room is vacant.Keep one room key in the slot near the door so that the a.c. stays on all day, it helps with musty smell. 5)BEACH CHAIRS - I went down each morning by 7a.m. to lay out our towels on the 6 chairs, it was necessary if you want to get under a hut, but I would say, as long as you do it by 9a.m. you will be fine. The sun is extremely hot so you need a hut. I also brought along the clip on umbrellas from home just in case we couldn't get a spot in the shade, so that is a good tip.6) RUDE VACATION CLUB EMPLOYEES - This is probably the only thing I agree with. Be prepared to be hassled every day except Sunday, when you go into the main buffet. They are very aggressive, and by the third day my husband finally had to be rude in return to them. Our friends actually went to the presentation, and were seriously considering buying into the vacation club (20 weeks for $7,000.00 U.S.) They didn't though.7) PRIETO TOURS - We booked with Liberty so we used Prieto for our transfers to and from the airport. They were very prompt and professional as was Victor, the representative at the resort. He is there each day (except Wed.) between the hrs. of 8:30 a.m. and 11:00 a.m. He was very honest about the tours they sold and even told us that the Lobster and Shopping tour was not worth going on. That's honesty!! He was very nice.I hope I covered all of the prior negative reviewers complaints for you and put your mind at ease. I think sometimes people forget that they did not book a 5 or 6 star resort, but they expect to receive that level of service. If you want luxury and pampering do not book this resort. If you want value and a solid 3 star, book the GPB, you won't be disappointed. My tips would be, bring plenty of sunscreen, after sun aloe cream, first aid kit (band-aids, neosporin, etc.), aspirin, lysol, candles, toiletries, and Off bug spray for the mosquitoes.Bring about $100.00 in 1 dollar bills for tipping, we went thru about $90 in ones. Also bring a lot of 5's, 10's and 20's, because it is easier for them to make change.Tip the maid $1 a day for each guest in the room. They do not make a lot of money. Bring little things for her like nail polish, shower gels, powders, candles, etc. Leave a note saying for you gracias, room #. Otherwise they cannot take it.Rent a safe for $20 per week for valuables. (This can be done at the front desk). Visit the Punta Cana market village at the entrance to the resort, and bargain with the merchants. Store #3 had the friendliest merchant and she was not pushy like the others.Go with an open mind, the Dominican People are lovely and they really are very poor. You'll see what I mean when you ride to the resort from the airport. Give them a break, be friendly to them and I guarantee they will treat you right.We all had a wonderful time, nobody from our group got sick from the food, (maybe the people who do get sick, get sick because they drink too much)!!In closing, I wish you and your families a great stay at this resort, and please do not hesitate to e-mail me with any questions. Back to work tomorrow!!!! I miss the beach already!!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>mtejeda
<Content>fabulous I stayed at his facility along with my wife, sister, and brother in law, all of us have lived and traveled throughout the US, South America and Europe. I am a native Dominican born US citizen who has lived in the US for over 40 yrs and I couldn't praise this resort enough. The staff was attentive, corteous and always ready to please us. I received better service in this resort than the service I've received in Las Vegas, where I frequently travel. Kudos to the management and the staff.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>CindyTennessee
<Content>Trip From Hell Our first thoughts were what have we gotten ourselves into. Our trip from the airport was in a van with no airconditioning and smelled very badly. We finally arrived at the resort and after standing at the front desk for probably 15 minutes we were finally told that they had brought us to the wrong place. We were taken by golf cart to the other end of the resort and then waited there another 10 minutes. We had three rooms with ajoining doors, and we were actually suppose to only have two. One room the lights didn't work, they finally got them working and the air conditioning never did work right. We couldn't get in to the specialty restuarants and the buffett wasn't very good overall. We were often thirsty and hungry. Our rooms were dirty, they close all the pools at 7:00pm, the show at night is not in English and its pretty boaring at night if you want to do anything. Most of the employees are rude, with a few exceptions. When you get there your not given any information, if your lucky enough to find some American guests they will be more helpful than anyone. We had to ride a shuttle back and fourth from our room to the beach and restuarants all the time. I was trying to buy something at the gift shop on day and the cashier got a phone call, turned her back on me and pretended that I wasn't there. After waiting about 5 minutes I finally walked out leaving my stuff on the counter. The only nice thing of the whole trip was the beaches, and maybe the pools that is when they were open. This was the worst trip I have ever been on one lady at the pool found out that I was going home a day sooner than she and she wanted to swap with me. We wasted alot of money on this trip and will never return!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>PaFluffy
<Content>Great vacation for the price We have just returned from an 8 day vacation at Grand Paradise. We all had a really nice time, in spite of all the horror stories previously posted. The resort itself is really nice. It is clean and they really work hard to make you comfortable. The food isn't bad and not outstanding either. There is a variety, so if you go hungry it is your own fault. Make your reservations for the restaurants as soon as you arrive. The seafood restaurant fills up fast, so you may not get in. There is a bit of a language barrier, but you are in a foreign country, so you should expect it. Brush up on some Spanish words and you should be just fine.The beach, it was awesome. The water so blue and sand so white. The waves were calm during the first few days we were there, then by weeks end they were stronger. We loved it. It was very hot there, so we spent our days at the beach enjoying the water. There was entertainment every night in the theater. The shows were different each night. Some better than others, but it was very entertaining. The staff worked hard both here at the theater and in the restaurants. Bring dollars for tipping, they deserve it. Don't forget about the maids either, they did a good job with our room, so we tipped them as well.If I had a chance to return to Punta Cana, I would probably stay in another resort, only because we like to stay in different places. There wasn't anything wrong with this place. For what you pay, it was really worth it.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Sheena70
<Content>Vacation Nightmare Mar. 3/07 - Mar.17/07 This vacation was a disaster from the moment we arrived  until we left. We encountered having our personal belongings stolen to my husband being flipped out of a lounge at the pool by an irate guest and suffered two cracked ribs. Staff - not very friendly especially the gift shop. No personal on the resort that could speak English. Pool area washrooms flooded most days. No hot water between the hours of 5:00 p.m. until 7:00 p.m. as they said 'they had to purge the lines'. Too many people on the resort and very limited staff. We had a nice room overlooking the beach and ocean but it was in dire need of maintenance - main door off it's hinges, toilet handle broken, shower didn't work and when it rained we had a inch of water in our bathroom. Food was not very appetising and usually always cold. This resort is not a 4+ V.I.P. as the brochure states. The only 4+ about this resort is the beautiful white sandy beach.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	5	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>amberchimi
<Content>Good for the price I would recommend this resort as the price was very good and the beach was fantastic. The kids club was very good , we went as a family of 5 with 3 boys 2, 6,and 7. Not speaking spanish was never a problem but I witnessed many English speakers having issues ...I put that down to many people having issues ....this being my only real problem ..the other holidaymakers 75% (any nationality) were self absorbed and rude e.g. queueing skills 0/10 etc...you need patience . Top tips. Take plenty of suncream, your own snorkel gear, inflatables, enough of any chemist stuff / baby products. Not that I smoke ..the duty free on the leaving were selling at 2$ a packet.Meal times were normally good if sometimes a little too DIY with getting service, but the staff were friendly and worked hard.I would go again , for the price.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>SANNh
<Content>If you travel look for a 4 star From a 1-10 I would rate this a 3. I have traveled to the Domic, Puerto Plata, and really enjoyed my stay. Here I was unhappy with the staff. A majority of staff was unfriendly and not many had been helpful. If you are from the US and do not speak Spanish they take advantage of that. They will take anyone who speaks Spanish before they will deal with you. I had to deal with Prieto Tours which was a NIGHTMARE. No other travel agency will work with you. Prieto Tours is sponsored by, Liberty Travel, GOGO , and American Airlines. When I had issues with Prieto Tours I went to Hotel Guest Services and asked for their help and they refused to help with the situation. Victor from Prieto Tours gave me money back some in US and some in Pesos. The Pesos he gave me was not correct he still owed me more money. I went to guest servoces and they called him he said it was a mistake. When I went back upstairs because the man from guest service would not help me, Victor took alll my money and was bnot going to give me any money back because I reported him to the hotel. BE very careful. The day we left there was a woman crying and crying, she spoke Spanish. I meet a friend there who spoke Spanish and I asked him what was wrong. He said the women's son went out the night before partying and never came back, she had not heard from him. DO NOT LEAVE COMPOUND BY YOURSELF.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luvmyskipper
<Content>I wish we would have stayed home! OMG!!!!! I wish I would have brushed up on my spanish before I left b/c none of the staff could understand me and I surely couldn't understand them! My fiance and I took money out of our wedding fund to go to our friends destination wedding @ GPB and I wish we wouldn't have. We were 2 of 19 people there for the wedding. At check in everyone in our group was put on one side of the resort facing the garden (which was really just a little bit of plants between us another building) and we were, originally, put in a room on the other side of the resort facing the kid's club. After about a half our af arguing with the reception staff and explaining to them, over and over, that we wanted to be with the group that we came with we were finally put into a room in the same building. The room, ah yes , the room...well, the phone didn't work b/c the receiver was glued down and it took us 3 days to get a new one, there was water leaking out of the light bulb in the bathroom, it was cleaned 1 out of the 6 days that we were there, we had to fight with the cleaning staff to get towels, there was constantly sand on the floors (even the one day after the room was cleaned), the TV was out for 2 days and the entire resort lost WATER for a day!!!!!!!!! And the best part of it all THEY FUMIGATED OUR ROOM WHILE WE STILL HAD 3 DAYS LEFT! The staff, wow what a horrendous unfriendly group of people they were. Not only could they BARELY understand a word that we said but they got very upset with us b/c we asked them to repeat themselves in attempt to understand them. We brought our own iron and in the first room there was an ironing board but the second room there was not so we asked for one...for THREE DAYS. We called and asked and I went to the front desk, personally, and asked them to just bring one to the lobby and I would take it up myself. They would not bring it to me then but said that it would be in my room before I got back to it. Well, I waited in my room for an HOUR and still did not get one so I went to one of our groups rooms and begged to borrow their steamer. The next day the maid brought us an iron, not the board an iron, and wanted us to sign some sort of paper saying that we had it and would return it to the front desk. When we refused to take it and showed her that we had one and tried to explain that we just needed the board she called us Gringos got extremely mad and slammed the door mumbling down the hall in spanish. The trip was all inclusive and we were supposed to receive meal vouchers upon arrival. We finally got them the day before we were leaving and had to stand in line for 3 hours to make a reservation for dinner in a restaurant that had only 5 other patrons in it. Making the reservation, if you don't know the room # of the other guest you are eating dinner with, don't bother b/c they WONT let you make them. The food was alright, definately caterred to a more European crowd but ok for the most part. However, if you want a drink, GOOD LUCK!! In the buffets there is staff strictly there to refill drinks, at least that is what we were told. I pretty much played that roll during every dinner and AT THE WEDDING RECEPTION ITSELF. The wedding coordinator.....we saw him twice! At the beginning of the wedding and at the end of the reception. The bride and groom requested a sweetheart table, that I had set up b/c the coordicator forgot, we waited 2 hour for our meal at both the rehersal dinner and the wedding reception. There are time share salesman that hover outside of the breakfast buffet and hound you all the way across the main walkway EVERYDAY and even after you tell them no thank you, not interested.I read someone earlier talk about the gift shop, well...$4 for a gatoraide, $8 for a pack of cigarettes, $21 for any type of lotion...definately make sure that you bring any and everything that you might possibly need and pack extra!We decided to do the horseback riding, dune buggy and cave swimming excursion which overall was alright with the exception of the fact that you ride emmasiated horses through the poorest of neighborhoods where you get chased by chickens and children with their hands out saying por favor over and over. It was very sad and depressing. You were allowed to swim in the cave (which was beautiful) for all of 5 minutes and then you had to sit and wait for 45 minutes in the sun while the other group (that started on the buggys first) came to the cave and to take the horses back. The buggys were alright and they took us to an amazing beach (that was 100X's better than the one on the resort) and we swam there for about a hour before going back.One last thing and I am through. On the excursion we met people from the surrounding resorts who were allowed to hop between resorts and visit all of the restaurants, had great meal/drink service at all meals, 24 hour food, and friendly english speaking staff.I don't think that Punta Cana itself was a poor choose but the resort....DEFINITELY!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>mama6969
<Content>ABSOLUTLY HORRIBLE !!!       Beach  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>1707
<Content>Wonderful Experience!       pool  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Nemo2007
<Content>Great hotel...awesome beach!!!!! July 7th to July 14th 2007       Lobby  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>razman10
<Content>Great Potential, But Overall I'd Say Just OK. OK... Where do I begin?Overall Iéˆ¥æª‡ say the facility is fabulous. I loved the whole Caribbean feel the resort had. The colors, and the ambiance were incredible, but then again who wouldnéˆ¥æª› love staying on a pristine beach surrounded by crystal blue waters?This was our first trek in the All-Inclusive world, and I will say that we WILL do All-Inclusive again. While we MAY visit Punta Cana again, we WILL NOT return to this resort. Why, you ask? Because of employee theft. I had made a conscious effort to be aware of what was going on around me thanks to some reviews that I read prior to leaving. However, during check-in (we rented 2 rooms) I was with the receptionist (which was very nice and accommodating, by the way) while my mother-in-law was watching the bags and my 4 year old son, who was sitting on a couch in the lobby playing his Game-Boy. My mother-in-law was summoned up to the desk to sign for her room so I turned from facing the receptionist and faced the bags and my son (but still stood at the desk). Soon afterward, my son got up from the couch and ran over to us and I turned away from the bags, glancing back at them every few seconds. 1 or 2 minutes later my son returned to the couch with my mother-in-law and immediately asked for his Game-Boy which he had inadvertently left on the couch. It was gone; never to be seen again. The funny thing is that there was nobody in the lobby other than us, the bell-boys, and the reception staff. He cried and screamed for his game-boy and nobody did or said one single thing. Now I know that I cannot prove that it was an employee that stole it, however I know it was because there was nobody else around.If I, as an adult, left something like that unattended, shame on me; I probably deserve to have it taken. But this is a 4 year old boy, who does not know the difference. He just cried, and cried. I felt so bad but could do nothing about it. This put a damper on the whole vacation, and we werenéˆ¥æª› even there 10 minutes.When we complained to guest services, they said that they would investigate, but we never heard from them again. At checkout, I spoke to the hotel manager and asked him it they had a game-boy in lost and found, to which he replied no so I proceeded to tell him the story. He was visibly upset and stormed over toward guest services (I never seen him again either).PROs:éˆ¥î”¯ncredible beach éˆ¥?say no moreéˆ¥?This alone is worth the every penny of the tripéˆ¥î”²arge pools éˆ¥?with activities (volleyball, water polo, basketball, aerobics, etcéˆ¥?éˆ¥î”©lean rooms (I did not see any bugs in either of the 2 rooms we rented)éˆ¥î”­rounds were well manicuredéˆ¥î”³ost of the workeréˆ¥æªš attitudes éˆ¥?Dominicans, I found, are really nice people.éˆ¥î”¹hows éˆ¥?a good varietyéˆ¥î”±ids Club éˆ¥?they watch the kids and have fun with them at no additional charge!éˆ¥î”¶lenty of food and alcohol (though all local stuff)éˆ¥î”¶rofessional photographers on staff éˆ¥?Phenomenal photo sessions, very reasonably priced photos.CONs:éˆ¥î”¹ome of the workeréˆ¥æªš attitudes (Especially in the WAAAAAY overpriced gift-shop éˆ¥?VERY, VERY RUDE)éˆ¥î”½AAAAAY overpriced gift-shop éˆ¥?Do not forget anything at home or youéˆ¥æª’l pay through the nose. It cost me $21 US dollars for an 8 ounce bottle of Aloe Gel (for sunburns)éˆ¥î”¬ood - It was not great, but not bad either. (I donéˆ¥æª› know if the food really qualifies as a éˆ¥æ·ONéˆ¥? but since it does not fall into the éˆ¥æ·§ROéˆ¥?category, I put it here.)éˆ¥î”µrange juice was not juice, but a TANG like orange drink. (If you want fresh orange juice, itéˆ¥æª’l cost you $3 a glass)éˆ¥î”ºhe television was down for 2 days; they said the satellite was broken. This wasnéˆ¥æª› a big problem; however my wife and I like to have the TV on while we fall asleep at night (which we could not do).As I said before, we will do All-Inclusive again, however next time we will pay a little more and ensure that we stay at a more reputable resort.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>luv2travel1968
<Content>Don't Believe The Negative Reviews!!!!!!!!! Okay,The first thing I need to say is DO NOT base your decision to stay here on all of the negative reviews!!. I traveled to the D.R. with my family for Spring Break. My Mother-In-Law booked our vacation with her travel agent in Naples, Florida. We were initially going to stay at another hotel but decided on this one because it is RIGHT ON THE BEACH!!! There were 6 of us traveling to Punta Cana My husband , myself, my mother-in-law and my three kids ages: 18, 10, and 5. I was initially excited until I read the negative reviews on this site. Based on these reviews my 10 year old who is extremely cautious we were worried about the cleanliness, bugs, bad food, water, hard beds,dirty sheets, lack of extracarricular activities, etc. etc. etc. !!!! People this is a THIRD WORLD COUNTRY!!!! The locals live in poverty!!. The hotels are really the only way out for the majority of the local Dominicans! If you want the RITZ this is not the place for you!! O.K. enough of my ranting about the negative reviews posted by others. I will give you my review..The people working at the hotel are great except for the girls at the gift shop. They were really rude and had bad attitudes(per previous reviews) The other staff members are willing to help you with anything especially if you tip them a couple of dollars they will wait on you hand and foot. Speaking of tipping, you should bring at least $100 for tipping if you are staying a while. It also helps if you speak a little Spanish or French. The beds were o.k. not like home but you need to remember this is a THIRD WORLD COUNTRY !! The beds at this hotel were not as bad as we expected. If you want better accomodations stay at a more expensive hotel. The food was different.. catered to Europeans mostly but if you eat what you can identify you will be o.k. There were 6 of us and we ate several times a day and drank drinks with ice and we did not get sick. We had two ocean view rooms on the third floor and the views were incredible. The beach and the ocean are incredible.. Get to the beach before 6:00 in the morning and put towels or magazines out to reserve your spot on the beach. Also as soon as you check in get your coupon books for the restaurants and make your dinner reservations and reserve your time for the included activities that need reservations. We took the Bavaro Runners tour. It was worth the money!!!! ask for MiMi he was the best. He realy kept us entertained!. If you go on a tour you should bring candies coloring books, crayons etc. for the kids that you will meet when you go into the towns for the tour. They will love you for it. All in all the vacation was great. I could go on and on about this vacation. We enjoyed Punta Cana soo much that we are thinking about buying investment property there. Go with an open mind you will have a great time.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Brown_Sugar2
<Content>Good Stay!!!!!! :) Returned from Gran Paradise Bavaro in Punta Cana. Had a good 7 days. Food was good. A different theme every night. Drinks were good. Wish the hotel had more activites but the beach was wonderful. We weren't fighting for chairs. The pool was good. The staff were friendly but not very many of them spoke English very well. Entertainment was good. This resort is more quiet than the other ones. Shopping is nearby. (Just around the corner). I would stay here again.Edmonton, Alberta  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>johnson139
<Content>Not so bad!!       snorkeling offered by resort  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>VPSR
<Content>Great Hotel!! Paradise Beach! My family and I just returned from Grand Paradise Bavaro. Do not believe all the critics about this hotel. People are just very picky! The food, the room, the drinks, the shows and especially the beach were wonderful! It is the most amazing beach i've ever seen. I still can't get over it! You can walk on the beach for miles. The prices of the store at the hotel are very very expensive. You can go near the hotel to the market - it's much cheaper but you have to bargain. There is also one that is much further along the beach if you like walking. We took a taxi with people that we met there. They put up the prices quite high and you have to bargain with them a lot. It's very tiring but at the end it's worth it. The Dominicains are very laid back people. The service at the hotel can sometimes be very very slow if you ask for something. Overall we cannot complain. My family and I really enjoyed it. We mostly enjoyed the beach. After all that's what we came for. I don't understand people that stay all day at the pool. What a waste of time and money. The shows at night were really good and the dancers are fantastic. We also went to the disco a few times. All in all nothing bad to say about this place and I would certainly go back.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Snoweeangel
<Content>No expectations and you will enjoy yourself       view from room  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MaSal
<Content>stay away!! my husband and I decided to go to punta cana to celebrate our one year wedding anniversary. we arrived at the airport ... not airconditioned. you ahve to pay a $10 fee per person (just incase you are not aware of it). the natives start to hound you at the airport for luggage and everything else. the van driver insulted my husband when he did not get a large tip (we speak spanish, but the driver did not know that. at the hotel check in was fine as soon as we got into out room i wanted to leave... the room SMELLED like musty mold because the ac was not on. it took 2 days for the air to clear out... needless to say the bedding and towels smelled like that most of the week. the food is not the best... not much of a variety, drink are below standard... not much variety either.be prepared to serve yourself , especially if you want a glass of water or a warm drink (ice was scarce, cups did not seem very clean... not too sanitary. the service was below standard. a couple of waiters ans waitresses were friendly and nice, we tried to sit in their area during breakfast and dinner. the staff just did not seem to care. BEWARE of the timeshare HOUNDS... everyday after breakfast... just say you already went upstairs and they will leave you alone.Now the positives... the beach is like a postcard... BEAUTIFUL in all aspects, pool was ok, do a few excursions the caribe festival snorkling trip was fantastic, the all terrain vehicle tour was super, speed boats were fun. BEWARE after every excursion they try to sell sell sell you crap... pictures and what not. NOTE: if you buy mamajiuana (a dominican rum drink with herbs) you need to have a bottle of rum. they told us they would not allow the mamajiuana in the airport with rum so we did have the rum in it and at the airport they said we needed it... so we had to leave it. do not buy the palm leaf hats because they take them away from you at the airport if you are traveling to the united states. if you do not care about the hotel room and food this hotel is fine, otherwise try another one. we still made the best of it and ended up having a great time.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>averybojangles
<Content>Horrible experience I have to say that I agree with much of the reviews below.The great stuff:~the beach~the ocean~the palms~the weatherThe bad:~the front desk staff are rude and very unhelpful~the room was never clean~the airconditioner did not work for two days~the phone did not work from the room...we always had to dial 0 for the hotel operator so that it would cost $2 to connect each time...even though we had a calling card.~no bottled water....you have to buy it in the gift shop.~no one spoke English unless you were being conviced of a time share or vacation club. The manager in the Vacation Club actually used these words, the only people who choose not to participate either have no money, make poor decisions, or are stupid. I replied, maybe they just think that this hotel is awful like we do. JUST SAY NO!!!!!You know, at this resort they treated us really badly...the other Americans that we spoke to agreed....(we met about 5 couples or familes while there.) The funny thing was...most of the music was American, the snacks in the gift shop were american, and the movies on TV were American movies. They sure like everything about American...except for it's people.I hope that service at this hotel improve for future American travelers sake. We will never return.If you are Latin or French you have this one in the bag. They love you!Good luck.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	5	1	1	1	2	

<Author>cftspn
<Content>not safe for your money!!!!! I came back to this hotel two years after my first visit and I brought some friends and family with me because my first visit was great. This time it was terrible, the service is good,people are friendly,food is great but your money is not safe.One day I left all day for a tour with my family and when I came back I found that I was missing $ 700.00 from a bag that I had in a drawer . I went to security to filed a report and they started an ' investigation that got no answers and I never got my money or sactisfaction.My father also lost some personal items.The Manager was very rude and he did not care about me or my family, I felt violated , disrespected and abused.this hotel is not safe for your money and the management is the worst. Hopefully you'll read this and book a differnt hotel.i heard from other people that this had happened before,is not the first time.STAY OUT OF GRAND PARADISE BAVARO!!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>warrychink63
<Content>Bring Imodium Ad Our ten-day stay at Grand Paradise was ok. Will we stay there again? No. This was our sixth family vacation in the Dominican Republic and we all agree this resort is on the bottom or our list. We were plagued with mild to server digestion problems (if you know what I mean). Imodium AD along with Emetrol (a must) temporarily resolved some of digestive problems. Comparing this stay to our other DR experiences. Pluses:The beach = bestClose proximity of enmitiesThe Italian restaurant was the bestThe pictures from our photo shoot with the girl working onsite were greatMulti-country outlets Minuses:Slipping hazards (if the ground is wet, you will see plenty of new cast on guest)No water bottlesDirty drink glasses (my wife observed an employee search through several glasses before selecting a clean one in the main dining room)Dirty drink cups (I observed an employee washing a cup in a sink without soapsuds, rinse with tap water and hand the cup to a guest at the beach restaurant)Many roaches in and around the rooméˆ¥æªš.A large group of high school kids from Santa Domingo came in on a weekend stay and partied until 4:00 am. We were very glad we brought earplugs to sleep with at night. The house cleaner knocked on the door every night at 10:30 to drop off beachtowels. Double beds (sunk in the middle)Leaking air conditioner in bathroomSeventy percent of the waiters were slow on filling and refilling drinksMy wifeéˆ¥æªš sunglasses were stolen within 3 minutes at the poolMy wife observed a man report a stolen bag near the pool area (the staff was not too concerned)Annoying solicitoréˆ¥æªš onsiteRecommendations for future guest:Bring Imodium AD and EmetrolBring earplugsRent the safe lock ($20 a week)Watch your valuablesSchedule a photo session with the girl at the resortBuilding 6 is near the beach and the pool (even numbered rooms face the pool and sunrise)Bring snorkeling gear and a good cameraBring drink cups for the beach  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>madysamy
<Content>Catered for the French If your not French dont go to this resort. They have special treatment for the French. They have there own activities, entertainment team, activity planner, specific place on the resorts are only reserved for them and signs around the resorts are in French. They should just make this resort as exclusive for French only.Most of the staff only speaks Spanish or French. FOOD - Same everyday some our recycled.ENTERTAINMENT- Lame ....Stayed at the Allegro last year the entertainment was amazing much much better than the Grand.ROOMS- Just the average.Some problems like the shower heads keep falling down.The toilet handle does not go up. The faucet leaks water all over the sink. STAFF- Most of the staff are not friendly at all but there are a few that were.BEACH - Thumbs up on this one. No seaweeds at all.SWIMMING POOL - Average Advice if you really have to go.Do not bother tipping the maid 1 dollar a day. It did not make any difference with us. If you start leaving a dollar and stop in giving in the middle of your stay they give you attitude.Time share people will attack outside the buffet. When you finish having lunch or breakfast they are all outside the restaurant waiting.Here is a good advice how to avoid them. I have my Spanish friend write a few small note on a little paper in spanish that says you are not interested in timeshare. I wrote a few and kept it in my pocket and gave it to them everytime they approach me and they leave us alone everytime they read the note.Overall I would rate this hotel average and would give Allegro better rating than this resort.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	2	1	1	

<Author>NightmareNParadise
<Content>Danger, danger weary traveler!!!! Please, I'll be brief. My sister and I booked a 2-bedroom suite w/ an ocean veiw for the week of June 11th through the June 15th. Upon our arrival I specifcally confirmed with the front desk girl exactly that, she responed yes.We were taken to rooms #2227  #2228 which were 2 seperate 1-bedrooms, not a suite, with a veiw of the backside of a hut. Needless to say we were not pleased. When I returned to the front desk the girl there conveniently forgot how to speak english. But, she was eloquent enough to inform me all the suite were off-line until December because they were under construction.I was then handed to an assistant manager who showed me a series of unacceptable rooms. Rooms which weren't clean, mattresses which were warped and/or beds which had no dust ruffles.I then spent the next three hours at the front desk arguing with Management. After a three telephone calls to my travel agent, we made accomadtions at another facilty. By the third call the front desk wanted to charge me for the call because they gave my agent the wrong fax number to send the documentation to release our room voucher.After being misled (actually lied to) frustrated and exhausted we took a cab next door, (which they refused to pay for) and our vacation was saved.If you have money to waste, by all means, otherwise stay very, very far away!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>CubanaenOttawa
<Content>If you haven't booked it, DON'T, if you have then, do what we did...       The night show, so good! Kudos to the entertainment staff  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	4	1	2	4	2	

<Author>oneof8
<Content>I can see how the reviews are very different for this hotel. Well the annual girls only vacation seemed to have missed a bit this year. I am the trip planner and picked this hotel...my travel agent said that is was really nice. The 8 of us had 4 rooms. Two of the rooms had no complaints but the other two were different stories.We were all in building 6. Three of us were on the 1st floor and one on the 3rd floor. The room on the third floor had a terrific view but the air conditioner didn't work, there was no hot water and the sliding door seemed to be unlocked almost daily. My room on the 1st floor had one good bed the other bed had a sag in the middle...if we would have stayed any longer it would not have been good. Our room had cockroaches (it was the only one out of the 4) and when I went to the desk at 10pm to tell them about it, they did respond quickly. About 1/2 hour later ( we were almost asleep) I heard a spraying noise outside the door then a knock at the door. A Spanish speaking man appeared and proceeded to spray our entire room then he left. We could barely breathe.....three days later we saw one cockroach. The sink sprays toward you when you turn the water on high and when you turn it on low it leaks onto the floor. The toilet seats were on crooked and the shower sprayer got the floor soaked if you were not careful.The safe was a extra 20.00 but worth it. We did get a new key and left one in the slot to keep the air conditioning and the lights working. The hall lights are on timers and is quite dark before they go on.The food was so so. My sister could not find much to eat..they do have hamburgers and fries at lunch (the fries were excellent).The entertainment was about the same every night (same dancers, different costumes and music but about the same dances). The dancers are good but I could have done without going to the shows every night.....once is about enough.The staff was nice...I wish I spoke more Spanish as it was hard to find someone that could speak more than a little English...but they are a Spanish speaking country and do try their best to accommodate.The bar by the seafood restaurant was the best. The drinks were very slushy where the other bars had to put ice into the drinks.OVERALL.......It was great just to get away and relax at the pool and beach - both of which were very nice and very close to our rooms.....the whirlpool (not even close to hot) had jets in the seating part ( interesting design) .....the service was good......our hotel maid Rosa was exceptional.....The entire hotel was very clean and they were always working on the grounds.....food was average...........4 of us would have rated this an excellent bargain and would definitely go back......it was a cheap vacation after all......however the other 4 of us would have definitely paid the couple of hundred dollars to stay at the hotel next door which was extremely nice....Majestic almost :)Interesting tidbits of info:We left the maid some sample size hair products but she couldn't take them without a signed note - the note had to have our name and room number and what products that we gave her. She REALLY appreciated them (I wish I had more to leave her).One of the restaurant staff told us that the average salary was $180.00 a month (confirmed by another...but they do get tips and the hotel gives them bonuses when it does well) . Also the tips at the restaurant are shared by all the staff so if you have a exceptional person...put the tip into their hand discreetly and they will be able to keep it for themselves.We did venture next store for the shopping....we were not prepared for how very aggressive they were!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>keitysja
<Content>staff attitudes pros:- the beach-the food (quality+quantity)-the room +beds-the tours (Marinarium is simply the best)cons:- front desk attitudes was terrible. when we went to bed, the air conditioner in the room upstairs was broken and was making very lound noises like a tapping of a fist on the table. I went to front desk at 9pm to ask them to change a room. the very rude guy heard me , instead of resolving a rpoblem he started chatting to random spanish friends passing by , very slowly like he had nothing else to do, while I was still waiting, then he would serve everyone else but me, and after 30 min, of waiting he would say: I can change it for you tomorrow morning, next morning we come they look down at us, like we are the ones who broke the stupid air conditioner- entertainments staff give you attitute too, if by any chance they dislike you, especially the girls-everybody expects to be tipped, at the airport pror to deprature the airport porters would run very quickly to your bags, take them and start running, when you desperately run after them yelling 'wait, it;s too late because you already reached the check in counter. then they just stand and stare at you, without saying anyting, expect you to give them money for haveing the priveledge to carry them for 2 minutes-night security on the beach will follow you and ask you to marry them and won't leave you alone, when you clerly tell them to '[---] off-annoying friday's vendors  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>4	2	5	5	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>bigb01
<Content>Overall, better than expected from other reviews. Remember, you get what you pay for. This place was a good value for the price. If I were to go back to Punta Cana, I would pay a little more, and stay somewhere else, and hopefully have better food. My wife and I stayed here for 10 days May 18 - 28, 2007, We were a bit apprehensive because the Trip Advisor reviews were all over the place. We now feel it rates somewhere in the middle. We found the rooms very clean, spacious (though somewhat sparce). King bed turned out to be more comfortable than expected. Service and attandants were very courteous and friendly. Front desk staff very helpful. We were glad for the information we had recieved from Trip Advisor members. We asked for two room keycards. The air conditioner card was already in the room and it was very cool and comfortable the entire time. We kept all valuables in the safe but never felt insecure or nervous. The grounds are well kept, beautiful flowers etc. We were given help with our luggage to and from our room coming and going, (all 6 bags) no problem. I gave the bellman $5.00 each way and he seemed to appreciate it. We left the maid $2.00 each day and thats the only tipping we did the entire time. Never felt any obligations to tip at any time. Temp was 87 to 90 degrees the entire time with very high humidity. We stayed in building #6 room #6226. Perfect location overlooking the pools, and ocean view as well as central to everything else. Thanks to another Advisor members advise we had asked for Building #6. Thanks. The beach was beautiful!! Water perfectly clear and gorgeous. Rained three times at night only. Now our only complaint, but it's a BIG ONE. THE FOOD. We only liked the Steakhouse Restaurant. The Chinese and Italian restaurants were our other choices and didn't like either one.We prefered The Laguna Buffet Restaurant to the ala carte restaurants because you had a larger selection. Sometimes we were hard pressed to find anyrthing we liked. Every night there was a theme, German, French, Dominican etc. I ate buttered roasted potatoes several nights. It's hard to describe but everything had a weird taste. They had a hugh variety and the presentation was always appealing. But hardly anything tasted good. I never saw hotdogs used so many ways. Also used luncheon meats extensively. Very creative. Chopped up in mixed salads, ground up into paste and piped onto vegitables, fried like bacon, etc. Seemed like leftovers were used to create new concotions. Overall we had a wonderful time.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lanceromc
<Content>Worst Experience for Afro American Hi Travel date 5/21/07 to 5/26/07I want to start out when arriveing at airport everybody wants a tipyou sit on bus until they fill it up Before you depart to hotel didn't have the transportation includeded in Trip.I would have been better off catching a cab i was the last hotel to get Drop off on the bus.When got to Room My girlfriend unpacked her suitcase and two hours later the air stopped working call for repairman never showed up went to front desk to get new room 6616 which was better leave room card in so you can have cool room when you leave the room get the safe key because your passport is like gold there they would steal it and to protect your jewlery.If you don't speak spanish you will have a difficult time there either you spanish or french I'm African American it seems we didn't get treated the same way as Spanish or the french people.I was happy every time i found a english speaking tourist because it wasn't that many at resort.The store Employees Was very Rude talked on the phone while i waited for service kept telling me to wait a minute prices is 200% mark up down forget toletries are you would pay a lot at hotel store.INsideThe buffet was Extremely hot i was sweating every day.The Resort is far from everything cab cost you about 35.00 to anything close by if you need batteries or medicine go to town to supermarket or pharmacy.Was my worst nightmare would never go back .Talk to somebody there caught the maid going into their safe because it was unlocked.i would rate this hotel at 2.0 find abetter hotel if you canPros: Speed boat Snokling Tour Safes in RoomCons: Buggy Tour/You will get eating by Bugs Shower head is removeable mouted to high not enoughs bars none in lobby /No Pool Bar roaches in room  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MillerCorona
<Content>Stayed at WAY better hotels before... My boyfriend and I just came back from this hotel for our one week vacation. (May 19th to the 26th). This hotel was the worst I have stayed at. I have been on 6 all inclusives (and 4 in the Dominican Republic). I was very worried from the negative reviews posted as sometimes people can freak out over small things and not make the best of it - but after being there this week I do understand what the people with negative reviews were trying to say. It wasn't a horrible resort - I'm sure we could have stayed at far worse hotel but it is for sure NOT a 4 star hotel (3.5 as per Expedia) - I would say it is a 2 to 2.5 star hotel, at most. If you have booked your trip - don't worry too much - its too late now and just make the best of it - however if you are considering this hotel, there are MUCH better ones in the same. Below I've put some points below of what my boyfriend and I thought:Pro's*the BEACH - definitely the best beach - even compared to the gran bahia and rui palace (which seemed like much nicer hotels) - there was no seaweed and the water was crystal clear - other hotel beaches have seaweed and the sand is not as nice -so one thing I do give it is the beautiful beach*The Staff- the people are very nice and try to accommodate your needs - I never had a problem with anyone (although I do speak Spanish). But if you smile and have some patience they will do the best for you. Con's *Bring earplugs if you are a light sleeper - you can hear everything from people closing their doors (banging actually) to your neighbors, people above you, etc, etc *The hotel overall is very very old -and it has not been maintained properly - I'm surprised to see it was only built in 2001 but it feels at least 10 yrs old - don't get me wrong, the hotel itself wasn't very dirty but toilets had seats missing, things were cracking, we didn't have hot water on some occasions, air conditioning didn't work - it was just a fan,etc.*The food - was mediocre - the resort really lacked variety - the same foods were basically served each day - I was bored with the food within 2 days - and even my boyfriend who is the least picky eater i know - he eats anything and everything - agreed that the food was mediocre at best.Note: we actually went to all the restaurants as by accident we were given 6 vouchers for the restaurant instead of the 3 you get per week - so we went to the Italian (it was OK), Dominican (also just OK), Grill (the best of the 5 ), Asian ( not bad) and Sea Food (just OK). This made eating a bit better b/c I could not face the dinner buffet much longer - email me if you want to know how we got the 6 vouchers - by accident.I could go on forever on other things - if you want to know more then email me. Overall, I would never return to this hotel or recommend it to anyone. The staff were nice and they were trying their best but it really was not a 4 star hotel. I would recommend the Melia Tropical or the Marien Coral (in Puerto Plata) - these ones were much much better.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>MANDYSMOMMI
<Content>Won't be returning Just returned from Grand Paradise from May 19th to the 23rd. Let me first start by saying that I am far from a picky person when I am away on vacation. This trip was an all girls getaway that I was so looking forward to.Upon arrival our check in went fairly quickly. My sister and I we sharing a room while my Aunt had booked her own room. We requested our rooms be close to each other and that is what we got. My sister and I were given room 1305 and my Aunt was room 1311. We left one of our keys in the slot to keep our airconditioning running while we went to check out the beach. When we returned 3 hours later our room was less humid but by no means cool. We went down to the front desk and within 10 minutes somebody was there to fix the problem. The air conditioning was blowing cool air but not nearly enough to make the room comfortable. The repair man told us it was in fact working so we knew we were going to have to complain again. We went back to the front desk and requested a new room. We were give a new room right away room 1105. ( same building except the 1st floor instead f the 3rd). Room 1105 was so musty smelling when we first walked in, Even the pillows had that musty smell. We put the key card in and started up the AC... which worked really well.THE ROOM: The musty smell the room was really bad. Luckily my sister does a lot of traveling for work and had scented candles and linen spray in her luggage. The pillows were lumpy(like when you put something with fiberfill in the washer and dryer) The last night we were there we got brand new unlumpy pillows . We were in heaven.. The beds were not comfortable/ supportive at all. Everyday the maid left flowers in the sink area which I think may have been the source of a gnat problem. The toilet bowl flushed but you had to push the handle back up to stop the water from continuing to run. The 2nd or 3rd night there I saw a cockaroach in the bathroom- just the 1.LA CANA STEAK HOUSE: If you like filet mignone cooked to hockey puck texture you are in luck. Oh and the baked potato was cold.DOMINICANt: This was ok, ITALIAN: this is one of the 3 airconditioned eating establishments. and by saying airconditiond I mean less humid not so much on the cool side. The food was ok- probably the best .BUFFET: There was always a big selection, food was ok- I survived mostly on pineapple and cantalupe. The pancakes for breakfast were never hot and the bread was alway stale. Lunch was better- there was always salad but they always had the lettuce floating in water so it was hard to get dressing to stick to it. A decent variety but nothing spectacular. They need to learn what fly paper is. You were always swatting away flies during your meal. There are no opened windows for ventilation so it was always very warm inside. At one lunch there was some kind of water or something dripping right onto our table. I let one of the hostesses know about the dripping and she said she knew!!!! So why the heck are you seating people there!!!! Who knows I t could've been a leaking bathroom pipe for all we knew.THE BEACH: Beautiful white sandy beach and turquoise water. This resort is located on a curve and we found there was really no breeze at all. We took a walk to the next resort and found it much breezier. From that point on we walked the extra distance to the edge of the property near the hobie cats and banana boats and found it much more bearable. There were more than enogh palapas and beach chairs to go around. THE POOL: I did not swim in the pool but I did feel the water- it was very warm and not refreshing at all.SHOPPING: We took about a 15 minute walk to the front enterence to the resort and right next door is a shopping plaza. These people will hound you to death!!! You can get the items for 1/3 of thier asking price.THE STAFF: We did not find them rude at all. Tips were always appreciated.TIPS-  Bring plenty of singles for tipping-When we returned to the airport the porters will grab your bags- roll the 15-20 feet and then wait for a tip. Bring a large insulated cup for drinks- I read this on some other reviews and never would have thought of it myself.Cingular and Verizon Cell phones both worked well. You just need to call your carrier and add on international calling to your plan . you can cancel it when you get home.OVERALL- There is no way this is a 3 star hotel. On the way to the beach in the morning you would still see dirty plates and cups around the pool- the pathways were falling apart, For a hotel that is only a couple of years old it sure does show some neglect. I doubt highly that I would go back to Dominican Republic and If I did it would not be this resort.*** I do want to add that the second day we arrived we were scheduled to meet with Saul from Prieto Tours to hand in some return flight information. we had to sit through an orientation about the resort and safety and tours- about 20 minutes- . Saul told us something interesting which I thought I would pass along. He told us that COCONUT IS A LAXATIVE. So If you are having 3-4 pina coladas- most likely you will get diahhrea. Most people do not know this and blame it on the water or food poisoning. WHO KNEW!!!  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>CapeBretonCaper
<Content>awesome       SOS cafe' - the best waiter  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>angelesque1
<Content>It's better. . .than nothing We stayed at the grand paradise bavaro from 05/14/07-05/21/07. The hotel itself is nice. The service was ok. Everything about the hotel was mediocre at best. The food was hit or miss, but mostly good. The bar puts 151 rum in most of the drinks. That coupled with the heat made everyone seem a little bit on edge. The advertisements about this hotel are misleading. Babysitting service is advertised, but it is only for children 4-12. The beach was absolutlely AWESOME. I also recommend the Saona island excursion. We met this really nice couple from Canada. Hangiing with them was terrific, because before we met them the hotel was a drag. They cater mostly to the French. No problem, I speak french, but the club section of the hotel is closed. Apparently that is where all the partying was done. Since the club was closed they partied by the pool bar, which was bad because they made noise in the hall all hours of the night. That part sucked. All in all, only go to this hotel if you ABSOUTELY can't afford to go anywhere else.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	5	2	-1	

<Author>Alisha_M
<Content>Overall great place, but don't leave anything behind!! Overall, this was a great place to stay. Most of the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The food.....AMAZING!! I dont think I've eaten so much in one week my whole life! Personally, I stuck to the buffet restaurant, the a la carte dinners were pretty crappy, in my opinion. The nightly entertainment was lacking, the shows were pretty talentless, but I would blame that on the dancers they hired from france...TERRIBLE!!! The disco played pretty good music, if your into reggaeton, salsa, merengue and bachata....but for those of you who dont know what that music is, your in trouble! Negative: The Language barrier! Most of the staff hardly speak any english, and the most rude staff was the front desk, they have no clue what customer service is. It took us 4 hours to check in, and one night I waited 17 min just to ask the front desk a question, simply because he was flirting with one of the waitresses. Good luck trying to make a phone call home, that was quite the ordeal, it took us 3 days before we were able to call Canada!On, the last day, we packed and headed for the airport, unfortunately my boyfriend remembered he had left is IPOD charging in our room, so the second we got to the airport we called the hotel, big mistake, we shouldnt have wasted the time or the money. They said they would check the room and call us back in 15 minutes, 45 minutes later, we called them back, and they said they hadn't checked the room yet, 30 min later, we called again, and the original man we were dealing with had left. We called again when got back to Toronto and another employee said that they checked and found nothing, but tried to blame the people that checked in after us. We said, the maid would of had to clean before they got there, but he cut us off saying she would never do anything like that. Clearly it was taken by one of the employees, b/c i doubt IPOD's have a new feature that entails growing legs and running away! So we left with a bad taste in our mouth about the hotel.But, in the end, we still had a great time....Just be careful with your valuables! And learn some SPANISH!!!  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	1	4	4	

<Author>JJJJoekid
<Content>extremely disappointed This is my first review of a resort, and while I have been to many, this is the first time I felt like saying something.This resort has the potential to be fabulous. It isn't. The attitude, lack of courtesy and over resort approach taken by the hotel actually diminsihes the beauty of the beach, which is not easy to do!Our check in involved not getting our reserved rooms, our reserved view, our connecting rooms, our cots, or anything else that we had requested in advance. What we did get was nasty attitudes, blatently ignored, rooms all over the building (we were travelling with lots of children), a leak in the bathroom (we were told it was only condensation from the air conditioning - it was about 1/2 of water) and other general nastiness. After they let us stand around for about 2+ hours checking in, we were then told that we had to eat at the buffet as WE missed the time to make a reservation for one of the restaurants. So we spent the first day trying to fix our rooms, to no avail. Even after they would say they were coming to help...they don't show up...amazing.Our food was average. On the bright side, all but one of us got sick. We all only used bottled water for drinking and brushing, so you figure it our...it's got to be the food... oh, and the staff has no manners.The towel boy had a MAJOR attitude. You would think that he was giving away gold.The beach was amazing. Even the staffs attitudes and old tourists in thongs couldn't ruin its beauty.Our cleaning lady was nice, but our rooms were never REALLY clean, if you know what I mean.The gift shop is horrible. High prices, nasty attitudes. Overall, I can't rate this resort low enough. Stay away. Spend a few extra dollars and stay at a better resort.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>lynnamsw
<Content>Grand Paradise Bravaro was grand My husband and I were married 4/28/07 and this is where we spent our honeymoon. We stayed 5 days and 4 nights. Eventhough previous reviewers did not recommend this resort for honeymooners, we enjoyed ourselves. We stayed in building 5. The room was very welcoming. Each room at the hotel had either a balcony or terrace. You must specify your view, either ocean, pool or garden. It was beautiful watching the sunrise and set. Our terrace was a extremely romantic spot. As a honeymooning couple we were presented with a bottle of rum and a large basket of fresh fruit, consisting of pineapples, papaya, apples, bananas, watermelon and grapes. The maid had the towels made in different animal shapes each day. We did encounter one problem. We requested a stopper by phone for our jacuzzi. It took them an entire day to deliver it after my husband went to the desk and complained about the service.  The sports bar was open 24 hours. Another problem was accessing the internet @ the sports bar. There were only two working computers. The hotel should look into getting more computers and get an additional area for internet access. In order to use the internet you must purchase a card. We bought a card for $8.00 granting us access for 1 hour. However a couple of times the system was down. At check out we still had 38 minutes on our card and they refunded us in full. Guests were also able to use their own laptops but they want you to pay them about $3.00 for 15 minutes.  The food wasn't as bad as mentioned in other reviews. It was just odd sitting down in Italian, Asian and International restaurants and all the chefs are Dominican.  Many items at the gift shop on grounds at the hotel were overpriced. The staff at the store were unprofessional and showed no character and very little class. The best shopping was done right outside of the hotel at a little mall. We gave our business to store #5. The more items purchased the better the discount. They love U.S. dollars.  Having a room in the Club building made it difficult at breakfast, lunch and dinner time. All of the dining was done at the main building and you had to catch a trolley/train between buildings. The train luckily did run every five minutes. The advantage of having a room in the Club building was the acces to the pools which had swim up bars. Drinking takes places from morning until night. Some of the more famous drinks were Coco Loco with rum, Lemonade with Vodka, Banana Mama with rum and Mamajuana(a mans drink).  I would definitely consider revisiting this resort.Mr.  Mrs. Bullock  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DenP
<Content>Not all that Being a seasoned traveler I consider myself pretty openminded when it comes to foreign travel. I've done all kinds of accomdations from backpacking to all-inclusives. My preference is for the simple mom and pop lodging lodging where you're more likely to get interaction with the local people and their culture. But I was only going to be in Punta Cana for 4 days, so I would suck it up and do an all-inclusive. Grand Paradise Bavaro is OK, if OK is what you want. Below are the pros and cons:Pros:- A beautiful beach. You can literally see your feet in the water. It's was warm and relaxing at the same. - The staff is very warm. When considering the number of guests they deal with, they're doing the best they can. - Check-in/Check-out was relatively quick.- The drinks were strong. But I prefer them that way. - The hotel entertainment was incredibly cheesy, yet it was entertaining. Cons:- Timeshare salesmen. Hotels in other countrires keep these people out. Punta Cana hotels have made a deal where these guys can work inside the hotels. It's true a simple 'no thank you' will suffice and they leave you alone. And yes, this is a develeping country and these people are earning an honest living and probably not getting much in return. Yet, constantly getting accosted becomes annoying after a while. - The buffet was in a sauna of a building with hardly any windows. It's no fun to be drenched in sweat while eating. - How hotel information is communicated is extremely unorganized. We were not given any information on where all the activities were and had to figure it out on our own. - There are plenty of day excursions available. But there really is not an opportunity to walkaround a downtown area on your own and experience the local culture. Most people hop around from one resort to another. If I wanted to hang around other Americans/Canadians, I wold have stayed at home. Overrall, my experience in this hotel was positive. If all-inclusive is what you prefer, go to Mexico, Jamaica, or the Bahamas.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	5	4	3	

<Author>jessicav76
<Content>My worst vacation. The food was awful I truly believe that I was served horse meat from Argentina and not beef. The service was bad. The store in the hotel was ridicoulosley pricey and the staff in there was nasty. One lady thought I did not know spanish and she told me to [--] off in spanish. My room was fixed not cleaned. The activity staff there at night offer themselves to the men who are vacationing there. There is sooo much more. I would never in a million years go there again. Oh and the key chain suveniers are like 8 dollars a piece and they are the same they sell in Cancun, mexico for like one dollar.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	1	1	2	

<Author>Rebecca_171
<Content>Awesome experience!!!          the beautiful beach!  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>molissa
<Content>Sketchy Resort But Awsome Vacation!!! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Grand Paradise Bavaro on April 24th through to the 1st of May. (Stay in either building 6 or 3)It was a wonderful vacation, however I do not reccommend staying at this resort if you have high standards. I have stayed in Punta Cana once before at the Bavaro Princess and had high expectations because of that.The beach was amazing and we could always find a good place to sit under a cabana or in the shade, so feel free to wake up at any time and there will still be enough room to find a nice place by the ocean. The pool seating however, is much harder to find a place. Food was not terrible, but not great. The heat made it difficult to eat so it didn't bother us too much anyway. We didn't make it to all of the a la carte restaraunts, but the Asian one is amazing!Rooms were clean, however lacked character. Definatly keep a room card in the air conditioner at all times! It was a life saver. If need be, you are able to change your rooms at the front desk easily.If you can, take the trolly to the Club section of the resort. There they have a swim up bar and a nice pool. We spent a couple of days there. It is definatly more quiet and you can always find room under an umbrella or at the pool bar.The other reviews were right about a couple things;- gift shop over priced and girls very rude. (go next door to the Barcelo resort their gift shop much cheaper)- service is not so great- drinks are VERY strong (especially their rum drinks I reccommend the Dupresa Dominica or the Sex on the Beach) Some tips: * Bring a travel mug for drinks (the cups are TINY and they get warm very quickly).* If you get an injury, even a scrape go to the medical centre (I didn't do this for blisters on my feet, then they got seriously infected and was put on IV for 5 days when i got home). not fun.* Tips Help a lot ($1 or $2 US for bartenders and maids)* NEVER take the first offer the market gives to you. I bought a ring down there for $20 CAD when they wanted $75 US. My boyfriend bought 25 Cigars for $70 US when they wanted $250. Enjoy! I miss it already!  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	1	

<Author>Lauren21
<Content>Two weeks in paradise!! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Grand Paradise Bavaro from April 14th to the 28th and absolutely loved it!! We booked through a travel agent and then through Air Canada vacations and everything was pretty much organised amazingly. We were on the ground floor in building number 6, after being moved from a room that had two double beds (we requested a king), which looked out onto the pool and was about a 3 minute walk to the beach. The ground floor can get a bit noisy though especially when people start to go to bed after the disco but we got used to it!! There were basically no major complaints, but as we had read some trip advisor reviews prior to leaving we knew what to expect. The dominicans are very friendly and helpful but do work on their own time and nothing will make them rush!! So just be open minded to the fact that even if there is a lineup at the bar they will still stop and clean the counters and floors and you will have to wait. There are alot of european people at the resort so they try to cater to everybody by saying everything in French, Spanish and then English-sometimes German as well, the food was the same there was a bit of everything for everybody. Lots of variety in the buffet as well-we actually preferred the buffet to the a la carte restaurants as there was so much available. We were at this resort for two weeks and didn't get sick of the food. We did really like the Seascape seafood restaurant the best out of the a la carte restaurants, but you need to book your a la carte restaurants as soon as you can as they book up. You will get 3 restaurant coupons per week when you check in. The variety of drinks are good as well and my boyfriend who is a beer drinker thought that the house beer was just fine. The rum fruity drinks are great as well!! For entertainment every night there is a show at 9.30pm and they were all good-the dancers are really energetic and they are always trying to get everyone involved in the fun. The animation team are in charge of the daily activities as well and try to get everyone involved in the daily events. There is lots to do. We also went on an excursion to Saona Island which was voted one of the top ten beaches in the world-our representative didn't mention that the bus ride to get to where the catamarans leave was about an hour and forty five minutes ride. Our guide for the tour was excellent and made it fun for everyone. The katamaran trip was about an hour and a half but was fun-the dominicans take total offense if you say no when they offer you rum!! The island was beautiful and a lunch and drinks are included and then they take you by speedboat to a natural pool where the caribbean and the atlantic ocean meet. This was the best part of the trip, the water was warm and crystal clear and so fabulous. I recommend this excursion to future travellers!!The beach at the resort was the reason we went and was awesome, the water was warm but still refreshing with white powdery sand. There was a few days when there was alot of seaweed in the water after a tropical storm but the water was mainly crystal clear and so nice to relax and swim in. You have to get up really early to get a good hut to sit under and you definitely need one as the sun gets pretty hot after about 10.30am. Everyone gets up early to reserve one which is wrong but you have to do it. I would definitely recommend this resort to other travellers-there were obviously some people that had negative things to say but when we went on our day trip the other travellers from the other resorts had worst things to say about theirs. Overall we had a fantastic time and would definitely go back again.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>leah123Atlantic
<Content>Great Vacation Like others we were nervous about staying here after reading the negative reviews but we were pleasantly surprised! The resort is small with rooms found in 6 brighlty colored buildings. The rooms were simple but spacious and very clean. The beds were comfortable and the noise level was low. Everything (bar, beach, pools, buffet, theatre) was within a 5 minute walk of our rooms and it didn't matter where we were on the resort, the staff was friendly...especially Orni who works in the Sports Bar. The beach was awesome, the pools were great and never over-crowded, the buffet was good...a little tiring by the end of the week, but still good...and the entertainment was fun! We would highly recommend the Tropical Storm excursion...the crew was awesome and the water slide wasn't bad either :) The guys in our group took the 4-wheeler excursion and wouldn't do that one again...live and learn! The restaurants were great, in order of preference we liked The Grill, Asian, and Italian. We had a 6 year old in our group and she spent 2 hours every day at the kids club...the staff were excellent with the kids. Would I go to Grand Paradise Bavaro again...absolutely!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Lanahome
<Content>Pretty good for a 3.5 star hotel!!       Beach  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	2	5	4	-1	

<Author>joanne007
<Content>best ever fantastic well just returned from grand paradise bavaro ,what a fantastic holiday best holiday we have ever had, people friendly ,food good beach out of this world will definatly go back . all i can say is book it and see for yourself the food was fantastic different theme every night alcarte lovely ,entertainment excellent and they dont hassle you if you dont want to join in. i wish i was still there. definatly reccomended. returned tuesday 24 april 2007.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pixnjon
<Content>warning do not stay this was the worst hotel we have ever booked, first off they did not give us the room we booked and said they had 4 months earlier. when we got to the hotel they did not let us in till after 500 and check in was 300. the toliet was spraying everywhere the mattress only 2 inches thick overall it was horrible. the drinks were warm. no swim up bar like promised  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>TheYaccharis
<Content>Don't stay here! Don't Stay Here!  We had been to Punta Cana in 2002 and had a wonderful time. We stayed at the Iberostar Punta Cana and were treated like royalty. The beach was always clean, staff was very friendly, and food was delicious. If we ever go back (which I seriously doubt we will) it will not be to the Grand Paradise Bavaro. Our first night there was a couple in the room next to us that kept us up all night fighting. I finally went to the front desk at 5:30 a.m. and the guy there could have cared less. The next night I called and asked if someone could please send security to our building (3).Again, nothing. Our rooms were never ready before 4PM. We were left no washclothes on the third night, so I called and asked for 1 washcloth. We were left 2 pillows! Still no washcloth.After another call, we were sent a full set of towels, minus a washcloth, so if you are going to be staying there, I strongly recommend taking your own washcloth. The food at the buffet was okay, but nothing great and very monotonus. The last morning we were there we saw roaches crawling up the wall in the buffet. If you plan on going to Punta Cana, it can be beautiful, but not at this place!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	1	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>RhumbaWinnipeg
<Content>Beautiful!!! Horrible reviews scared us but we were pleased upon arrival.Check in: ask for a remote for your tv. Ask for a safe: it's $20 US per week.Rooms:We wanted to be close to the beach and pool so prior to arriving I e-mailed the hotel asking for a beach or pool view. They said they would do what they could and we ended up getting an awesome room (6132). They aren't fabulous rooms but ours was clean and we had no complaints. Think about the Country you are in and pay attention during the drive to the hotel to get a better perspective and understanding of the rooms.The beach: BEAUTIFUL ; if white sand and gorgeous, clear blue/green water is what you're looking for!! You can walk for miles on the beach each day. The food: We loved the buffet. There was some of the same foods everyday but there was enough variety we never got bored. Snack bar wasn't fabulous.When you arrive you are given slips of paper which enable you to make 3 separate reservations for A La Carte restaurants during your stay. We only tried the seafood and were'nt impressed.Staff: Well, they're either happy or they're not. Definately not the friendliest bunch regardless of tips. I thought if we were nice they would be too but that didn't seem to matter. Put it in perspective though; they work their butts off and don't seem to get a whole lot in return.What to bring from home: a cup for each person who wants a drink. Tim Horton's mugs worked for us, bring extra batteries for your camera (upsetting if you don't), bring a clock or watch there's none in the rooms....I know, you're on holiday but if you plan to go on any tours you need to get up, bring at least 2-3 bottles of sunscreen (15 won't cut it...45 maybe), if you run out there it's almost $20 US for a small bottle, snorkle set if you have one.Tours: we went on the marinarium tour, the catarmarand (sp?)and the Outback Safari. Each cost around $90-$100 per person (canadian) and were worth every penny. Next time I would try the dolphin swim and the sunset tour. You find out about these from your travel advisor from your travel agency.Tips for you: Read the paper they give you when you check in regarding the hotel. In there you will find out there is a swim up bar!!! We found the swim up bar on the last day it is located in the other section of the hotel closest to the front gates. Also, if you like to snorkle there's a reef close to the swimming area where we found all kinds of colorful fish waiting for visitors.We ran into 6 people who were'nt impressed with the hotel but the only thing that would have made it better for us was knowing more about what the hotel offered before the last day. Friendlier staff would have been great! The store staff are horrificly (if that's a word) unpleasant. We had a great time here at the Grand paradise but would stay at a different hotel next time to keep it new and exciting.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	3	3	

<Author>Bella50Montreal
<Content>Can't wait to go back !!!! Like many we were a bit nervous after reading some of the reviews about this resort, But we found nothing negative about it. We arrived on the late night flight on April 8th 1:15am.Once through customs our air conditioned bus was waiting and we were on our way. AT check in of course there was a line up but we went through efficently, safe lock and remote in hand with luggage right behind us. We were in building 1. We were a group of 5, 3 in room 1114, our son and daughter-in-law in 1127 just down the hall. Our room faced the beautiful gardens, we were near the lobby and the buffet, ideal location not a long walk to anything. The beautiful beach and pools was just a little ways in the opposite direction. We were able to get drinks and something to eat at the Sports Bar at 3:00 am, Orni made great Lattes.Walked to the beach for a quick peek, did not prepare you for the spectacular sight in the morning !!! The rooms are older but clean, and the maid service great, always clean towels, soft drinks and water replaced daily.We always left a little something for the maid it may have helped but Wanda was always very nice, we asked for Diet Coke and we got it. Our toilet got blocked, we called just once and it was fixed within an hour. T.V. worked perfect, not alot of stations but not there for the T.V.The breakfast buffet was amazing, food good, coffee served promplty, and many choices- omlettes made to you liking, fruit, and bread plentiful.FAvourite Al la Carte, The Grill and Italian-Angela at the Italian was a real sweetheart.Went on 2 excursions Saona and swim with the Sharks and Stingrays- so well organized and alot of fun. The Natural Pool where you swim in the Caribean while being served Rhum FANTASTIC!!! All in all everyone had the best time ever and we are planning to return a group of 10 at the same time next year...already counting the weeks- The weather, the food, the people and the resort- all 5 Star plus.....Tipping may help, but also a little respect for the people who work such long hours and are always happy ,goes a long way. They are always smiling, singing and dancing- there are lots of activities as well, you can participate or decline no problem- the shows at night too are a must see, the entertainment staff-Superb. Bring your Thermos Mug for the beach. Flea market, you have to bargain but worth the trip, just outside the Club side of the resort. We also had our pictures done by Chris from the photo center in the Hotel Lobby, he is the best he made 2 hours of picture taking a blast and the photos are very professional - Memories to last, do it if you have the chance. And lastly the BEACH, nothing like it absolutley The Best Anywhere. I could continue but it getting a little long, I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a place to relax and enjoy family and friends.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>GwendaAlberta
<Content>Loved It!!!       Hangin out at the Piano bar!!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Christy1468
<Content>Paradise in Punta Cana       View of pool  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>EmanuelToronto
<Content>Great time - highly recommend       Beach  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>morenita_chocolatosa
<Content>My best vacation by far!!! well, i just wanna say my stay at Grand paradise was amazing.Service was excellent, people were great, my room was always clean and the beach to die for !!!! i will recommend this place to anyone that's looking for a relaxing time and let me tell you i've been to 5 different hotels in punta cana 3 of them 5 stars and this one which is supposed to be a 4 has been the best stay.Thank you so much everyone at Grand paradise, you guys ruled. !!!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Antoni80
<Content>STAY AWAY from this place All in all, Me and my fiancèŒ… had a great time in the Dominican. The people are nice, the beaches are beautiful, and there are many beautiful places and hotels in the Dominican Except for this hotel. The Grand Paradise Bavaro is run by very rude and untrained locals that just cant run a hotel. The hotel has many amenities listed but all of them were difficult to obtain and very disappointing. Everything you do in this place is difficult from, broken key cards, no TV, Tub doesnéˆ¥æª› work, Leaks in ceiling, No pool towels, Hot tub never on but when it is its never hot, (LOL) and im sure theres more I cant remember right now. Not to mention the horrible untrained staff that are just RUDE and Careless about Everything. My fiancèŒ… got hit on 3 times by the staff. These people are out of control and do not deserve any more customers in this hotel. My advise to people searching for hotels in the Dominican is to stay away from this hotel and all the other ones that are affiliated with it (I think there are 6 or 7 all owned by the same company)Try the Hotel Majestic (next door from Grand Paradise) that place is nice, We purchased day passes there and spent a lot of time in that hotel. Very nice place!I hope I helped.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>LeeLinda
<Content>For us 40 year olds, it was perfect! March 31 - April 7, 2007. Halifax, Canada. I was very worried about booking this hotel as I booked it 2 days before we left and I felt I didn't have any time to research it. It turned out to be our best vacation yet. Now, if you're 20 something and looking to party, this is not the resort. It is very family orientated and although our kids are grown, we enjoyed it very much. There were no first time drunk guys if you know what I mean. It was very laid back and they didn't have any loud music, speakers or aerobics at the beach so it was wonderful. You could just lay back and relax. We have been to Bavaro Beach before, to the Bahai Principe. Although the Bahai is much newer, you had to take a shuttle to the beach because the resort was so long and narrow. Also, there were activities constantly at the beach with microphones blarring and people yelling. At the Grand Paradise Bavaro we found it to be a small resort and just perfect. You didn't have to walk all day if you forgot something in your room, or a change from the pool to the beach was no big deal. They do need more beach chairs at both I think though. The restaurant reservation booking system was horrible. You had to stand in a long line in the lobby to book at any restaurant. We decided not to go to the restaurants as we didn't want to wait in line and once you've been to these resorts, you realize the same food is at the buffet anyway! Food in the Dominican is different than here in Canada, however, there is so much to choose from that you can always find something. Their wine leaves alot to be desired if you're a wine snob. We would usually have a couple of glasses at dinner and that was enough (oh, with our lunch too). We would drink vodka, soda and lime from noon on and it didn't get you silly in the sun - it's such a pure drink. We also loaded up on water all of the time. We brought our own waterbottles and you can fill them up yourself at anytime at the end of the bar from the water dispensers. It was beautiful every day. Windy when we first got there and every day it got less. On the last day we decided we couldn't take the sun anymore (now that must have been alot of sun)!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DPKNewYorkCity
<Content>Very Disappointing Experience Beautiful Weather April 8 - 14, pretty beach, but way too small for the amount of people staying at the hotel and unless you were at the beach by 6AM to get your towel on a lounge chair, you'd be forced to lie in the sun with no protection. Miles of beach on which to walk which was quite beautiful. Many misleading inclusives such as restaurants ( you are given tickets only 3 for a 6 day stay to the a la carte restaurant and the other 3 evenings you are at the mercy of the buffet. Drinks are only inlcusive of local brands which are limited. Food was poor overall. Staffing at restaurants, althouh polite, was minimal.Room was clean, AC worked well.Booked an Ocean View with Balncony received a pool view requested a change but the front desk person was too busy to make any attempt to acommodate our original reservation.An hour later a wonderful assistant, Domingo, was able to give us the room we booked. Aside from this incident the staff were friendly which is the plus to this hotel. Not well organized overall and way understaffed. Unfortunately, a person would have to go to a few staff members to get an actual answer to simple questions or simple requests. Knowledge of the launguage would be a plus as well. Many of the guests at the hotel were unfriendly as well as aggressive and insulting toother guests and in particular, to the staff of the hotel which I found very unecessary, offensive and negative. I would not recommend this hotel as a place to stay in the Dominican Republic. Many website reviews give this hotel a 3 1/2 or 4 star - I would rate it a 2. A very noisy environment as well. What was an overall expreince here was the very misleading information and inaccurate advertsing of what is being offered for the price of your inclusive vacation.The plus side - A pretty beach,nice weather, friendly staff.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>Countrygirl40
<Content>We'll be back ! !               More photos  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>OlaOntario
<Content>Wonderful Holiday ! We traveled to The Grand Paradise Bavaro from March 21-28. This was a Wednesday to Wednesday stay, and everything went smoothly. The airports are not as busy midweek, and check-in at the resort took no time at all.The resort is beautiful, and very clean. We travelled with another couple and requested rooms close by, not a problem. The room (Bldg 1) was very clean, and had a nice balcony. We did not request ocean view, but if you cranked your head over the balcony, there was the ocean! Bonus. Ask for 2 room keys. You need a key to run the electricity (air conditioner etc). We left one key in the slot all the time and our room was always cool. There was always purified water and soft drinks in the fridge. We tipped the maid daily with little gifts (earrings,nail polish, and several US dollars), leave on the pillow. I would suggest you take a small digital clock radio especially if you want to know the time in the middle of the night.There are plenty of lounge chairs both on the beach and around the pools. However if you want a specific location, get up early and place towels on the chairs. We spent several days under the cabanas at the beach as well as days around the quiet pool...and it was quiet. The other pool and kids pool were more active if that's your style. We packed a couple of pool noodles and they sure came in handy if you want to float around the pool. They sold inflatable rafts in the gift shop, or you could bring your own if you wish.There are plenty of bars, and they are busy all the time,but service is fast. Take a couple of Keg type thermos. They are happy to fill them with beer or whatever. It stays cold longer, and you can drink it from the keg or pour into a glass. If you enjoy wine, it is available all day long. It is light and quite pallitable.Every night we went to the Piano Bar for drinks before dinner. You can get the regular all inclusive drinks here, and for an extra cost they also have international drinks such as Johnny Walker Scotches etc.No complaints about the food. The buffet restaurant always had lots of choices, and each night had a different theme. We booked 3 a la carte restaurants, Italian,Steak House, and the best was our dinner at The Club....a short trolly ride to the sister resort. All the a la carte meals were gourmet, and the service was excellent. A suggestion would be to book your a la cartes as soon as you arrive and get your room number, even if your room is not ready, ask for the number. The reservations girl is at the top of the grand staircase in the lobby. We also enjoyed the no smoking rules in most of the restaurants!We also took insulated coffee mugs, filled them at the buffet and enjoyed our coffee on the beach or around the pool. If you like peanut butter on your toast...bring your own from home.Spend at least one afternoon at The Club. You can take the trolley or walk. They have a wonderful swim-up bar there.We have no complaints about Grand Paradise Resort. The service was great, and the staff were very friendly. Just remember, this is a 24 hour all inclusive resort, and some people party well into the night. If you are not one of them, take ear plugs!PS Hats off to Nolitours, they did a great job and the rep was very helpful...especially when our flight time was changed for the trip home. Good communications!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>abielle
<Content>Paradise Well where do i start, like most people i read the reviews before i left and was really worried, but i need not it was the best holiday i have ever been on me and my family have had the time of our lives. The people are soo friendly and the entertainment staff are fab, they put so much effort into their dancing. My kids loved the kids club Luz and Ana are the best they have the patience of a saint. Nothing is too much. We met so my different nationalities and got on with everyone we met, it didn't matter if you had kids, were in couples or on your own, everyone was so friendly.The food is nice it doesn't matter how picky you are there is something for everyone. We ate in every restaurant the Italian is slow service but other than that it was a lovely meal, worth waiting for. If you're in a rush the Caribeen is not the place to go.The pools were spotless and the rooms were cleaned daily with fresh towels if you wanted, our room was basic but you don't go on holiday to sit in your room,and it needed more storage space especially if you are a family of 4 like we are but we coped it was no hardship. All in all I would definately go back to this hotel, if just to see the entertainment staff, Luz  Ana. There are nicer hotels further down but the staff at this hotel make it the best.All in all well worth the money and we will be back next year.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Electra1743
<Content>Loved the beach and pool, but that's about it... People write reviews on here so you are able to make better decisions on where to stay...well, read these reviews and don't make the same mistake we did!I read several reviews about this place and became a little scared, but gave it the benefit of the doubt...1) Reception--went smoothly, but not overly friendly as others have stated and there was no welcome drink.2) Food--HORRIBLE!! The food at the buffets were always at or below room temperature. However, the Chinese and Italian restaurants were very good--Italian could've had some more items on the menu though.3) Drinks--ok--there was no consistency--sometimes they were good, other times they were horrible--and WARM!! Don't they know they're supposed to serve white wine chilled?!?4) Staff--aside from Nelson in the sports bar and the cocktail waitresses in the piano bar--the staff was not as friendly as others have stated. Sometimes it would take forever to get a drink and the bartenders would just skip over you and go to the person behind you--especially if you didn't speak French! The place was filled with Europeans!!!It was not a horrible stay, but it was definitely not what I had expected--we ran into many problems in our room--toilet broken, everything in the bathroom leaking--and the front desk was not very accomodating. The beach was beautiful and the pool was nice (although cold). If you're looking for a lot to do, I would go to a different resort--this is definitely not a place for singles trying to meet people--esp if you're American.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>LizziePoo
<Content>Truely is Paradise       Sunrise  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>very-relaxed
<Content>The most relaxing vacation we ever had!       swimming pool  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>MaryS.Montreal
<Content>Grand Paradise Bavaro Was a Paradise..... I stayed at The Grand Paradise Bavaro from March 18th - 25th. We arrived at the hotel and I was in awe.....beautiful hotel, big, spacious  clean. The check in was quick. We ended up in building # 5 with a side view of the beach which was nice to see in the early morning. Yes, you do have to wake up early to get your little hut and beach chairs or else you are stuck in the hot, hot sun all day. The rooms were clean I did not see any bugs anywhere. The food was really good. Being a picky eater I actually did not starve. My hats off to the waiters and waitresses....they served you hand and foot at all times. The pool or should I say pools are nice and big. The beach, what can I say about the nice white sand, warm water  lots of HOT DOMINICAN MEN!!! WOW !!!! The shows at night were great. The animators go out of their way to do a great performance. They really know how to dance let me tell you.....WOW!!! The animators are really friendly and they try to get everyone involved with the games. A big hello the italian animators Matteo, Paco  Massimo.....they are hotties!!!! A big hello to Antonio (one of the animators) he's really funny...... All in all, my week vacation at the Grand Paradise Bavaro was unforgettable. I would go back in a heartbeat. Thanks to my travel agent who suggested this hotel. I have nothing but good things to say about this place.....Try it.....you'll like it!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Ponytailpaul
<Content>It really is pretty good Can I start by saying that by the time we were leaving the UK for this holiday we were really worried by many of the reviews on tripadvisor about this hotel. Do not worry ! Whether you like this hotel will depend a bit on what you usually book and expect. It is obvious that this is a large hotel operating on an all-inclusive basis so it will obviously not normally appeal to those who like a small intimate, quiet hotel/spa. For our holiday this hotel was booked by friends who had been before as they wanted to celebrate an anniversary and go with a group of friends and children for a week and we decided to go a week earlier and have two. Our friends said that they had been very happy with the hotel and it was a lot better than some other hotels they had stayed on on other caribbean islands,so it came recommended. While we were there there were people from Canada, France, Spain, Mexico and all over though I would say predominantly North American. In our first week we were the only English, but that was ok.We ourselves don`t honestly normally go to such big hotels so it was a bit of a shock on arrival when all things are strange. Well, we didn`t see a cockroach in two weeks, the room was spacious and clean, we found nearly all the staff pleasant and helpful, some very cheerful and very helpful, the food was good, the pools and gardens lovely, the beach and sea beautiful and we had a great time. The main restaurant is big ( it has to be ) but the food is varied and good and they have themed nights. When you book in ( assuming this applies to everybody ) you are given vouchers to use three times a week in the a`la carte restaurants. You have to book these in advance and it is best to try and decide as soon as possible for availability. There is a Chinese (we didn`t use so can`t comment), Italian ( good ), Grill ( good ) and Fish ( very nice ). There are four main bars, the Piano bar above reception, the poshest and nice in the evening with the best cocktails, the sports bar (computers, pool table, etc) and two beachside bars, one where all the action is ( aerobics/volleyball) and a quieter one by the grill and fish restaurants. The latter was our favourite for general use but the beach bars are very busy during the day and the staff can get a bit pressurised on occassion and you don`t always get a big smile. At the same time I noticed that most holidaymakers didn`t use please or thank you very much so that may be why. The cocktails in these bars don`t have fruit in and on a couple they use ready made mixes but you can have as much as you like, and most do. Big tip, take a thermos mug with you, you can get more in it and keep your drinks cool longer. Of course there is plenty of rum ! It also comes in handy in the morning to get some coffee to your room ( no facilities to make in room, so take a travel kettle if you want to ) or take a drink back at the end of the afternoon ( only soft drinks in fridge ).There is food and drink available twenty four hours in one form or another.This is very much a beach resort ( there is very little locally) with plenty of watersports and there are quite a few organised trips you can do. Like most hotels they say you cannot reserve sun loungers ( there are plenty ) but everybody does as usual especially if you want a sun shade. This review is getting longer and longer so I would just like to thank the concierge Juan  who was great and organised a lovely last evening party for us with the excellent fish restaurant staff.The only real negative, and this will not spoil your holiday but they should do something about it and many reviews say this  the staff in the shop don`t give a damn, but you are only buying a packet of pringles or something so it doesn`t matter that much in the great scheme of things. Just about all the staff were very friendly and helpfull, cleaners, gardeners and all. Finally, if this is the right kind of hotel for you then don`t worry, you will have a good time. This is a positive review  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Mart/Wal
<Content>Wonderful place in the Sun! Stayed at this resort from March 17-24th. Upon arrival check in was easy and quick. The room (6110) was in a perfect location facing the pool and the ocean. We didn't pay for this upgrade so we were pleasantly surprised. We only ate at the buffet and found it to be more than adequate. The only complaint that I could make is in order to close your room door, you must slam it. That became annoying as I am a very light sleeper and awoke everytime someone came in or out. This could be resolved with earplugs which I recommend that everyone have. The highlight of our trip was meeting some terrific people that we will plan on staying in touch with.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	3	2	

<Author>Traveller90
<Content>Perfect Vacation!!![-] Everything about our vacation at the Grand Paradise resort was perfect ! Hotel....staff.....food.....beach..........weather......................The friendly and professional service began right on the Sunwing bus to the resort. At the hotel we were greeted with a smile and a drink. Our rooms were ready eventhough it was only 11:30 am. We had a very large and clean ocean view room steps away from the beach. My children had a great time jumping the huge waves. The personal and friendly staff were always trying to engage the guests in the numerouls activities that were happening around the pool and bar area. Athough they let us know what was going on they never pushed us to participate.The buffet restaurant had an enormous selection of food and was well prepared. The beach front grill gave us the opportunity to have lunch without changing out of our bathing suits. For a change, we went to 3 a la carte restaurants and particularily enjoyed the international restaurant. I had no problem making reservations and actually had one for the Italian restaurant the same day.The nighly shows were a great distraction and the performers put their heart and souls into every note and step.Our trip ended as it began, on the Sunwing bus to the airport through a very short Sunwing exclusive checkin line and onto a comfortable and friendly Sunwing flight.We would go back in a heartbeat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LuluOttawa
<Content>Excellent resort! We just returned from our Go Travel Direct vacation to Punta Cana, from March 11th -18th. After booking, and reading some of the reviews, we were a little concerned - but on the advise of another review - we went with it................This is a fabulous resort for singles, families and couples. The accomodations are spacious and clean. Very well air-conditioned. We were with our 2 kids, 6 and 9, and were given an extra double bed - and with 3 double beds in the room, there was still plenty of room. A large balcony, great bathroom - no need to bring any toiletaries or hair dryer - they worked fabulously!!We were originally booked at The Club. This is a new part of the hotel. It is extremely nice, gorgeous pool, a couple of restaurants....but you do need to take a 2 minute train ride to the main resort and beach. It was only an issue with us, having kids with us, we didn't want to have to go back and forth to the room, if we forgot something etc.......so we met with the agent Diana, who immediately, without hesitation, moved us to the main resort. She and the guest service manager, couldn't have been nicer and more accomodating. The pool is huge. Yes, you do need to get up and reserve yourself a lounger, if you want an umbrella to shade yourself - but with our kids awake early, my husband just put a couple of towels over the chairs, walked to the beach and did the same there. We would spend the mornings at the beach and then afternoons at the pool. The breakfast buffet at Laguna, was excellent. Every single item of food you could ever imagine - pancakes, crepes, waffles, omelettes, toast (the bread selection was incredible!) sausages, bacon, cereal, fruit, yogourts. Great coffee, tea, fruit juice. The waiters were buzzing around you continually serving you. It really was excellent. At lunch, you could either go back to Laguna or the Cana Grill on the beach. Both, once again, were excellent. Hot meals, salads, deli meats and cheeses, desserts. For the evening meals, you had a choice of a la carte restaurants - we booked the Asian and the Italian. They were great. The Italian was really good. An abundance of food, beautifully prepared...............kids loved it all. For the nights we were at the Laguna buffet, plenty of choice - steaks, potatoes, rice, salad, pasta made to your choice, desserts and fruit. You really had a full choice and we made total pigs of ourselves, eating 2 or 3 plates per meal - ridiculous, but couldn't resist!!There are plenty of poolside activities going on for everyone. The beach was wonderful. White sand that went on forever. There were a couple of topless woman, but they pretty much stayed on their loungers, and definately were not making spectacles of themselves. They were very discreet and no body noticed. You could do several water activities. The beach grill and bar, provided great cool drinks, snacks etc throughout the day.There is a very good kids club. Available from 9-5pm. The women running it, are up-beat, enthusiastic, they LOVE your children. Plenty to do. They take them out swimming, they even take them out for breakfast or lunch, so you can get a bit of time alone. Excellent, safe and worry free babysitting.In the evening, their are market stalls selling various stuff. There is a good sports bar, nightclub, pool music at the bar, shows playing at the amphitheatre. And to top it all, the weather was fantastic................This is a great resort. It has everything you could want or need. And if you treat the employee's with respect and kindness, they will bend over backwards for you. I would deifinately return here again. Try it. It was excellent.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>K.K._aka_Cozy
<Content>Had a Great time !!       you can always find a great game of volleyball  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>Juls&Chris
<Content>Sensational Beach        3 min walk to the left of Grand Paradise  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>sadiesmom1959
<Content>The Grand Paradise is Wonderful!       More of the gorgeous beach!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Whats4dnnr
<Content>Had a great time Above and beyond everything, the beach was gorgeous; the water was perfectéˆ¥æ”ot too hot or too cool. I loved the waves. Between 11 AM and about 4 PM the color of the water was breath-taking. The constant breeze was delightful and mitigated the heat completely. We came for the ocean and relaxation and we were not disappointed.We were at the Grand Paradise from 03/06/07 to 03/10;/07. I give it a B- compared to the other 2 Caribbean places we have been. We were at a B+ hotel in Cancun in 1986 and a C- hotel in Montego Bay in 1989. This was our first all-inclusive. We had no bugs in our room, the room was big, clean, sparsely furnished, first floor, convenient. Could be loud in the wee hours, but I wear earplugs and didnéˆ¥æª› hear a thing. TV worked fine, never lost electricity, cleaning help was friendly, room cleaned either early or by 5 PM. The only thing was that most days we had no hot water between 5 and 7 PM, but we didnéˆ¥æª› mind the cool shower.Here are some things we would advise to make your stay better. Try and reserve a space at the restaurants (my faves were La Cana and the Italian one) before you arrive if possible. We only had 4 nights there and could only get 2 reservations. We had to beg to get into the Italian one. The buffet is OK, not bad, but not great. Bring a thermal mug to keep your drinks, either non-alcoholic or alcoholic, cooler longer. The alcohol they use must be very low proof, because I only drink once a year, and I didnéˆ¥æª› feel a thing with their drinks and I should have. Go out at 6 AM to put a towel on a shaded beach chair at the pool or at the beach. By 7:30 they are all taken. It seems as if at least half the guests smoke, so be warned and donéˆ¥æª› go if that drives you crazy. Donéˆ¥æª› buy anything in the store; prices are ridiculous (peanuts--$12.00) and the staff is hostile. Bring your own blow up floats, noodles or snorkels. You never need to change American dollars if you just stick to the hotel and airport. We never went on a trip or outside the hotel grounds. We were there for the beach. Found it impossible to buy a pencil or pen. Hotel staff was friendly. People trying to sell trips were annoying.All in all, we had a great time because we got what we wanted--warm weather, great beach. First vacation without kids in 21 years.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>harrythek
<Content>Vacation from Hell Poor food, terrible room with jacuzzi and shower that didn't work. Domican staff very nice but lacked training and supervision. Resort aims at French and French Canadians and all shows and activities are in French. Activity staff very rude to non French speakers. When you complain about a problem all you get is a shrug of the shoulders. Americans, stay away from this terrible place. Room was clean but bed terrible and it was a chore to get towels, tissues and toilet paper.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ellaman
<Content>great place for the money - don't listen to the naysayers My wife and I just stayed here for 4 nights and had a wonderful time. We have vacationed in three different spots in the Carribean and the beach here was a standout -- saphire blue water, beautifully groomed beach, waves kept under control by a barrier reef, just north of all the hectic trafffic in the main Bavaro area. The food was fine; no gold stars but all passable. No one got sick. The drinks were great -- if you want a little more bounce to the ounce just ask the bartender to add 151 or extra rum. Would have liked a swim up bar but it was never a problem to get a drink. Our room was very large, was clean and had a great view of the ocean. Given the great deal we got on the room, my expectations were pretty low before arriving especially after reading some reviews here. Yes, you have to wait a while to get your room -- so get a couple of drinks, enjoy the view and chill. Yes, hot water in the room was iffy, there was no pool bar, the booze was generic and the food won't win any michelin stars. You aren't paying to stay at Bellagio on the beach and you are in the DR. Adjust your expectations, relax and enjoy this beautiful place. We'll go here again.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>laurenhill77
<Content>Great vacation bad hotel               
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vermont-7
<Content>had a great time This was our family's first all inclusive vacation. Everything was more than we expected. The food was great, activities plenty, and plenty of sunshine. The only minor complaint was the length of time it took to book our a la carte meals. We would certainly recommend this to anyone. vermont  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ottawapaul
<Content>Great Beach - Service a bit lacking!       How can you not like this view?  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	4	2	4	3	1	3	

<Author>glennandcheryl
<Content>Excellent Value - Awesome Beach! I use Trip Advisor every time BEFORE I book a vacation but I have never written a review myself éˆ¥?figured I owed the otheréˆ¥æªš who contribute their experiences!This was our thrird year to visit the Dominican Republic (the lst two years were at the Santana Beach Resort and Casino in La Romana). Santana Beach was cheap but the beach was disappointing (surprising considering its name) and the food was okay. Avoid the Casino!The Grand Paradise was a wonderful surprise (Feb 18 éˆ¥?25)! We were close to the beach on the first floor (originally on the third floor but moved to the first floor to avoid the stairs for my elderly parents). The only problem with the first floor is the noise from the late night travelers who appeared to enjoy banging on doors and making excessive noises as they passed through the buildings (the second floor would avoid this).The rooms were clean but often were cleaned late in the afternoon (an issue if you showered in the morning, hit the beach until mid afternoon and wanted to shower again afterwards). We declined one day to have the room cleaned and got fresh towels instead. They put two cokes (not diet) and two sprite bottles in the fridge and a one gallon jug of water. No beer!We had a minor issue with ants (discovered they liked peanuts on the floor but did not like MMs). We heard one traveler complain of roaches but we did not see any in our building. Remember that this is a tropical climate.The Beach was awesome and went for miles! Great for long strolls along the beach. We played a ton of Volleyball and there was lots of other activities that you could do. Check their website.The food was better than expected (previous experiences in Cuba and the Dominican). No issues with the restaurents or the buffet (tons of selection and the quality was reasonable). Minor issue with the service after we elected to order the house win rather than buying bottles of the more expensive imports. They were reasonably priced $15 USD or so and higher but we only wanted a glass and often did not feel like nor could justify the cost.Interesting comments on the Club from other reviews. I believe it is a newer addition to the resort and does require a two minute commute to the main resort via the trolly. The pool at the Club is MUCH nicer with excellent padded deck chairs and an awesome swim up bar! We were told that the rooms were excellent and had whirlpool bathtubs in them. If you are the type of traveler who spends the day on the beach the commute should not be an issue.The internet was pretty slow and someone hacked my mail account and sent some nasty messages. Cost was reasonable at $8US for one hour of time (you could disconnect and reconnect later and it maintained the balance). I suspect they will eventually get a wireless service so that I could bring my laptop and connect via VPN to my mail server éˆ¥?wait éˆ¥?scratch that ... I am on holidays!We took the Mountain View Surfari (good day trip) and hired a cab to go to Higuey on one of the rainy days. It took an hour or so to get there and we spent a couple of hours there (picked up a translator there who took us to a local grocery store and a painting factory). Great deals on paintings and Vanella / coffee. The cab costs $70 USD for the trip (not bad for the four of us).Iéˆ¥æª‡ recommend this resort to others and give it a 7.5 out of 10 based on the cost and its rating.There éˆ¥?I have made my first contribution!glennandcheryl@symapatico.ca  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	3	2	

<Author>Cuddlecakes
<Content>For our first trip...it was better than we ever imagined...!       The buffet for the breakfast, lunch and dinner  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>buster12345
<Content>I didn't like it very much, can't say it was my favorite trip I didn't like the stay very much. Most of the people weren't very nice and the service was poor. It is a two complex resort and you need to take a train-thing from one to the other. The restaurants were all slow except for the Asian restaurant, which gave us no problem. The food from the other restaurants, including the buffet, wasn't good.The waves which were supposed to be small were large for most of the days, and it rained a lot. The pillows were lumpy and the bigger rooms were farther away from the beach. The pools were nice, but the hot-tubs were cold. Oh, and there were women walking around toppless!! A lot of the visiting tourists were not American. There were no shells on the beach, however there was pink sand. The shops were extremely expensive to try to shop at. The only thing that I really liked about the trip was that there were animals such as monkeys, lizards and parrots walking around for you to take pictures with. There was no room service!  Oh, and never ever leave the resort!!!!!... or drink the water!!!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AshleyGnys
<Content>Nice resort, worth returning to, beach to die for Resort éˆ¥?Grand Paradise BavaroDate éˆ¥?Jan. 7 to 27, 2007By éˆ¥?Ashley R. Gnys Beach éˆ¥?in a word éˆ¥?incredible. Stretches for miles in either direction. There are 48 resorts scattered along its length and there remains major stretches with no development. We walked to the left and right of our resort in about 3 miles in either direction. The stretch to the right includes the Grand Bahai Principe and the 5 resorts of Riu. . The beach is wonderful to walk along, which is an activity my wife and look to do when we go to an Oceanside resort. The beach is protected by a coral reef æˆ® to a mile off shore. The wind blew constantly while during our two week stay éˆ¥?often excessively. What a wind turbine project this would make in supplying electricity to the island! The water was often unpleasantly wavy for purposes of swimming and the undertow can be strong and threatening if you are not a strong swimmer, hence why swimming areas are roped off. There is nothing nasty to step on like rocks or sea urchins which is comforting if you are an ocean swimmerService éˆ¥?Generally we found it to be good if not a bit slow in the a la carte restaurants which you are allowed to experience 3xéˆ¥æªš weekly. The buffet cafeteria tended to get very busy, particularly since the resort was 100% occupied both weeks we were there éˆ¥?unusual in our experience traveling in January. You will do great if you speak Spanish, but it is can be frustrating if you are anilingual English. There are a lot of Spanish speaking tourists and French, but very few English during our stay. Overall, we tend to get along regardless of what language is spoken so it was not a big issue. The front desk was well supplied with English speaking clerks. The odd thing we found is that no one automatically took our bags to our room, nor did anyone offer to, but I am sure would have been available if we asked. We found it strange also that our bags were not automatically picked up at the end of our stay by merely being left outside our door. Again, we had to carry them which for us was not a large issue, as I prefer the exercise and most bags have wheels on them these days. S, while the service was not at éˆ¥?0éˆ¥? it was not an issue for us. We did not feel pressured to tip and often found it difficult to tip in the buffet restaurant as those serving the tables kept changing and it was difficult to establish a relationship with any server in particular. Most of the money we came tip with, returned home with us.The rooms - There are no elevators in the 3 floor walk-up buildings. So, if you are handicapped in any sense, you will need to ask for a porter. Our room was clean and everything worked. We had issues with a door that would not slide and a toilet that would not stop running, but voiced our complaints and eventually it was fixed. You cannot expect such problems to be worked out within 24 hours however. If that is what you expect, stay away from most resorts in the Dominican Republic where they operate to their own speed of life. Our room overlooked the massive pool area and had a small glimpse of the ocean but few do. It was large enough and modern enough to please most. The balcony was nice to have and quite private. It was difficult to read on the balcony at night due to insufficient lighting. The pillows are hopeless and next time will think twice about bringing my own. The mattress killed my back éˆ¥?too hard. But we survived with sore necks and backs.WARNING- There are two areas éˆ¥?the Club and the Gardenview area of the resort. They often put tourists from France over in the Club area which is a several minute shuttle ride away. That part of the resort should have a 3 star rating, as it is not on or near the ocean. Due to a posting on Trip Advisor, we knew to request a room that was NOT in the Club even though our booking agent knew nothing of this distinction. Ironically, due to our request, that likely lead to us being allotted one of the nicest locations on the resort, closest to the ocean. We would have been major ticked had we been put in the Club area éˆ¥?you would too.FOOD éˆ¥?There are not many places we have gone in the Caribbean where the food was exceptional and Grand Paradise Bavaro is no exception. However, that did not prevent me from gaining 5 pounds anyway, so it must not have been that bad. The major disappointment was the lack of grilled fish. The fish was usually boiled and swimming in a cream sauce. The omelets were great but the lineup was entirely too long. Too bad they did not have two stations making them. The deserts were much better than usual éˆ¥?likely the reason for those 5 pounds I mentioned.WATER SPORTS, VOLLEYBALL, ACTIVITIES éˆ¥?Essentially none éˆ¥?the wind was just too strong and constant coming from the water. During the entire two weeks, we saw nary a windsurfer or sail boat.Having said that, if there is a better resort for nonstop beach volleyball, we would like to see it. It was so bad/good that when the losing team would leave the court and the strong team would face its next victim, it would take 3 more games before you had an opportunity to re-enter the courts. The sand never really got hot which is so important if you are going to play volleyball during the height of the sun. The volleyball court near the beach is not much used as the ground is stony but the one nearest the activity center is great. We played our little volleyball hearts out!CLEANLINESS éˆ¥?The resort did a great job. The pools are very well cared for as were the rooms. Absolutely no complaints.GARDENS éˆ¥?I guess I got spoiled by the fabulous gardening at the Riu resorts in Puerto Plata. Grand Paradise was OK but in my opinion they should have planted more trees and flowers. Nice but somewhat sparse.ENTERTAINMENT éˆ¥?I am not a good one to ask. Most evenings we watched a movie on HBO in our room. In my opinion the entertainment is hopeless unless you speak Spanish which I do not. They try, but letéˆ¥æªš face it, how many resorts in the Caribbean have decent entertainment. This one is no exception.BUGS, SICKNESS éˆ¥?Few mosquitoes but a few nasty bites, but nothing really and I am a mosquito magnet. Leave your Immodium at home. You will not need it. I met no one who got sick during our two weeks. OVERALL RATING éˆ¥?7.5 our of 10. I would return to Grand Paradise Bavaro.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>weekender2
<Content>Paridise Indeed       our group  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xskipahk150x
<Content>Nothing too special Ok so...Myself and my boyfriend went here about a year ago during spring break in March. Overall it was not TOO bad but somethings need some touching up. 1st when we had arrived we attempted to check and informed them that we had requested a King size bed and they had told us it was not a problem. We also had read other She spoke very little english and we wrote spanish notes to her everyday thanking her for cleaning the room. (HINT: Most people that work for the hotel are poor and appreciate any gratuity you give me. We brought gifts just little things from the dollar stores back home for ex.: Crayons, coloring books, hair accessories. Also we left $2.00 a day.) They are so appreciative, since we take so much for granted and most of them have nothing. Besides the room being a mess when we came we couldnt have asked to be any closer to the beach and the pool. You walked down the stairs and there was the beach. Beautiful beach and Pools (2). The drinks there be carefull....they can be deadly LOL. We learned that our 2nd day at the resort. Luiz who is the nicest man at the hotel works in the sports bar with the mini casino (just a few slot machines) he works during the day and smiles his whole shift. Such a wonderful man. Everytime we entered the bar he would great us with a great big smile and only spoke a few words of english (my boyfriend speaks a lil spanish). They talked about baseball since we are from Boston. On our 2nd day around1pm we decided to give him a lil visit and have a few drinks. We were drunk by 3pm and passed out by 4pm in our rooms. We didnt wake up til the next day with huuuuge hangovers what a mess. Anyway he knows most drinks and most of the bartenders there dont know any drinks except a few. Luiz knew many more. But all I can say is go see him he's an amazing man! =)The food ehhh.....wasnt too appealing. The buffet im not sure if im just not open minded to new things but I couldnt tell what half the stuff was. So just be cautious. Be careful in the morning during the omelete line. The line gets so long that they rush making the omeletes and a few times our omelete was not fully cooked and oozed raw egg. During the day we went to the snack bar right at the beach and got pizza and fries and if we didnt have that to eat we would have starved. We ate that everyday (not very healthy). 2 nights we were to the grill my boyfriend had Filet mignon and I had grilled chicken. It wasnt too bad. The filet was a little fatty but not too bad. I hate when I read that people bash resorts and im not trying to scare anyone away. If you are open minded to new things and not concerned on what you are eating them maybe it can work for you! All in all it wasnt too bad of a resort I would not go again tho only because we want to try Jamaica or Cancun this year. p.s. you can never leave the hotel unless you are going on an excursion. You will realize when you are on your way to the hotel and you see people with guns guarding apartment complexes.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	4	2	

<Author>winter_escapee07
<Content>Great choice for a family vacation From the perspective of a family with 2 elementary school-age children, I rate this resort as excellent. It is clean, well-laid out with a great variety of options for activities and places to eat. The beach was gorgeous with boogie boards readily available. Our children enjoyed the pools, which also had activities such as polo and basketball. The kids club provided a nice break for them and was a good place to go on those rainy or windy days. The staff there was wonderful.Overall we had very good service from the staff, who were multi-lingual and very friendly. There was plenty of food available around the clock, and with a little creativity we could enjoy a different meal every time.There were no mosquitoes during our stay. We always had hot water for our showers. The power went out briefly on 2 occasions, once was while we were out to dinner, but the staff were quick to light some candles and the power returned shortly.If you are travelling with children, I recommend this resort. I am sure we would have enjoyed it as much without the children ... maybe seen more shows and eaten fewer hotdogs!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Redhead45
<Content>Hola from The Club at Grand Paradise Bavaro       View from our patio  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>CandyAppleBum
<Content>Absolutely pick this hotel!!       From our room of one of the pools  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>pogado
<Content>Most relaxing vacation in years! Jan 22 - 29/07 - We were both in dire need of a relaxing vacation. We needed to veg out. That's exactly what we did at this resort. We layed on the beautiful beach for six days - moving only to eat, drink and sleep. The rooms are very large, clean and comfortable. The variety of foods at the buffet was astonishing and we enjoyed our meals there. The ala carte meals were excellent. The resort is colourful and the gardens are beautiful. We intend to return next January for sure. The one thing I would like to see improvement in is the friendliness of the staff. Very often, staff members would pass you and not make eye contact, not smile, and not speak. The grounds workers always looked up and spoke, but alot of the restaurant workers, reception staff, etc did not exhibit a friendly face by smiling. However, they were very polite. A smile would have gone a long way.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>calgarycrazy4cuba
<Content>Wasn't what we expected We usually travel to Cuba but decided to try the Dominican for some sunshine, rest and relaxation. We stayed at the Grande Paradise from Jan. 23 to Feb 6, 2007. We got the sun, rest and relaxation as expected. We also got diarrhea on day 2, poor service and experienced the annoyance of the VIP employees as did the guy from Waterloo. As I have been to Cuba many times (and my husband is Cuban) we expected that things would be quite similar to Cuba. Not! We are not picky eaters but did have trouble on many occassions trying to find something really tasty at the Buffet. (I can say though that the fried chicken at the La Cana restaurant everyday at lunch is excellent!) We both love fish and expected that there would be more fish available. Warning - If you see the glazed ham - stay away from it - the time we tried it I am sure that it had gone bad.We met some nice people while we were there and did enjoy meeting SOME friendly staff but for the most part I can say that there were not a lot of smiles from staff and this was very disappointing. As I say, we are used to going to Cuba and I always bring lots of things to give away. We had trouble finding deserving people to give it to though. Cudos to Jose and Nelson (both bartenders) and to Samuel at the beach massage booth.One of the highlights (besides the sunshine) was the Monster Truck Tour ($85 US each). Terrific. Picked up at 7 a.m. and dropped off at 5 p.m.. Stopped at a farm, school house, popular river (swimming) and several stops where we could give stuff to villagers who are much in need. We had taken 2 carry ons with stuff to give away (paper, pencils, crayons, kitchen stuff, baseball glove, balls, shampoo, deodorant, clothes, etc.) and wished that we had brough 2 suitcases full instead. There are so many people (including Haitians) that need help. The tour also included lunch and a drink on the truck every 15 minutes. If you drink enough rum I understand that it takes away the pain of seeing so many in need (I had 5 but needed more!)The VIP guys are really annoying and it took my husband 4 days to finally get them to stop bothering us. One even asked to borrow money which he would pay back. The answer was No.You have to be very careful when shopping. We were told to barter with people but you have no idea. In Cuba we don't because they don't ask for much and don't try to get your every peso. We bought one necklace for $20 US from a vendor outside the Buffet, the next day in the hotel we found the same thing for $10 at the jewellery store and later found the exact same for $5 at the Punta Cana market. We were also told that you can take Cdn or US money but Cdn doesn't really work as most places take US or pesos only. The hotel itself - whenever we left our room (6134) which was right on the beach we had to slam our door to get it shut. The tables in the La Cana restaurant are in need of fixing as some are only attached at one end. When paying our phone bill we were short changed and had to ask for the remainder of our money. Hold on to your tables at the main buffet - if you leave them for a moment they will take all the food away and you will have to start again or go away hungry and frustrated. We complained to Guest Services about several things and were told that a report would be made up and compensation sent to our room. Never arrived (not that we were really expecting it). Remote for your t.v. - not that you are there to watch tv - but we found out on the last day that you have to ask reception for the remote.The beach - beautiful! You need to get up at 7 to put your towel on a lounger if you want a good spot though. The waves are very high and the undertow very strong.Annimation - whatever. Some shows are quite good but others not so much. (They are really lucky as their costumes are a lot nicer than Cuba's - due to being able to trade I guess). A lot of drinking done by people who are paid to entertain (especially at the disco) and I could go on but I won't.There really isn't much to do outside the resort unless you are going to pay to go on a tour. You can take a bus to the next City but otherwise you are really stranded at the resort. I am not used to that but had been pre-warned.Got charged $75 overweight coming back (in the end only paid $60) and can't understand as we gave so much stuff away and really didn't buy anything except necklaces. Wasn't charged for being overweigh leaving Canada.Overall, very satisfied with the sunshine (only rained one evening) but disappointed with most everything else. Maybe other hotels are different but we weren't at another hotel and that doesn't change the response we got from the people there. We will be going back to Cuba next time. Sorry Punta Cana. Oh yes, on my return I spent the next day in Emergency and for only $71 Cdn you can get 6 very good antibiotics to cure your stomache!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HottieRN
<Content>Beautiful Beach......however...... We went to this resort from Feb 3 - Feb 10 and just arrived home, home sweet home.I checked this website faithfully and tried to be prepared for the worse but hoped for the best. I will do my best to be unbiased with my review.- We had paid for VIP which was suppose to include fresh beachtowels everyday, a larger room and some alcohol in the bar fridge but did not receive any of this unfortunately.- The food is usually covered in sauces so if you have a food allergy it's hard to tell what they cook with.- The rooms are fumigated every friday before flights arrive because the bugs usually start appearing on the wed or thurs.- The beach was absolutely beautiful and the sand was cool to walk on, not hot like Cuba or Mexico.- The beach towel lady is very mean. A little advice... Keep your towels overnight. In the morning send a friend alone or spouse alone with the towels to pick up cards from this lady. Then when your spouse returns wait 10 min and bring the cards back to this lady for fresh towels. They will not exchange towels for towels. Be sure to be alone throughout this process cause they will recognize you.- If your first room has a toilet that does not flush properly, complain and they will move you to a better room with a good functioning toilet and shower.- Be sure to hang the Please make up the room sign on the door and throw the dirty towels in the tub or else they will not give you fresh ones.- Don't expect fresh sheets daily unless you are stripping the bed yourself and throwing them on the floor. Gladys de Jesus seems to use the excuse of not being able to open your room door to make up the room, alot.- Bring chewable immodium and be sure to drink a minimum of 2L a day of water if you have loose stools. Many people got dehydrated from not hydrating enough. Many people were advised to go to the hospital for parental treatment.- The cappuccino at the beach is amazing! Try it!- Get up around 6/ 7 am to save chairs at the pool or beach (if you want shade)- Juan in La Laguna is awesome. If you give him a couple bucks he will take good care of your liquid needs! lol- Most of the staff is very good with customer service. They really try and make you happy.- The gift shop ladies are mean, beware. We walked past some magnets and they happen to fall off the door and fell on the floor. These lady's are not afraid to yell at you and make you feel like an ass. They run on a understandable You break you buy policy- The ocean is amazing. The water is beautiful and nice and warm. Spend some time in the waves.- Bring some OFF sprizer spray with at least 20-30% DEET. Spray the floor drain in the bathroom and the bottom of the door to keep visitors away. (Not so many bugs in on the 2nd + floors.All in all it was very nice to get away from the hustle and bustle of our lifestyle. If you have had the luxury of travelling to 4 + resorts expect a little less from this resort. The beach, rest and relaxation really saved the day for us. I wish you a great trip! And remember to speak up for what you want, for the most part they try to accomodate your needs. Have fun!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>3	1	2	4	2	4	2	2	

<Author>Jesuisenvacances
<Content>We had a very good time We were there from January 24th till January 28th.I was a little worried after reading the reviews, because my friends wanted to go to the Tropical Princess and my agent recommended Grand Paradise. We were 3 couples and we had a fantastic vacation. Nothing went wrong from the minute I left home till I came back and I think this is the difference beetween a good review and a bad review.In 2000 we went to Iberostar Dominicana in Punta Cana and in 2001 and 2004 I went to Cuba. I have nothing to complain about this resort.The big difference I see beetween Iberostar and Grand Paradise it is the buffet. At Iberostar we had more choices but the wine was not good. For the rest, it was almost the same. Oh at the Iberostar we had an elevator.Airport : No problem there. It took around 30 to 45 minutes to get the suitcases and an other 40 minutes to get to the hotel.When we arrived at the hotel, we asked to be together and Jose check and gave us what we asked for. So we were in building 6. We were closed but not beside each other and it was OK with everybody.The rooms were very clean, I had towells, faceclothes, water, coke and I asked the made to have one extra pillow and diet coke. She got me 3 extra pillows and a 2l of diet coke the same day I asked. The hair dryer was not working, finally I told her on wednesday and the same afternoon it was working.Everything we asked, we got it. We had hot water and pressure everyday at every hour.Yes the room are old and so what, we are there to sleep.We did not see any bugs or otherthing in the room. On thursday they fumigate the rooms for the bug. you can accept or refuse the service.The buffet was good and enough choices for everybody. We ate salad, meat, dessert etc...My husband was sick one day, but it was because of the heat and may be to much cerveza :) He didn't drink enough water. He drank Sprite for one day and was ok.The wheater, the beach, the pool, the scenery, everything was perfect. Sorry if I made mistakes in my english, but I'm French Canadian One of the review said that they were a lot of French Canadian, yes it is true, but there was also a lot of English, German, French from France. My first language is french but also speak english . If someone is annoying you, find an other place or have an open mind. After all you are there to relax.What I think is, no matter where you go, you can have the best or worst week of vacation. If you read the reviews of the 5 stars hotels, you will also have very bad comments.Have a nice week and don't worry be happy :).  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Danjerq
<Content>Just ok. We made do Returned Feb/02/07..Ill make this as brief and to the point as I can .I agonized over my decision to stay at this resort even after I booked it. There were too many bad reviews as well as good ones that made me wonder if its just the people in this world that aren't happy with anything or that they have travelled many times and are comparing it to other destinations and hotels and expected too much here. I have cruised (Royal Carribean) and stayed in private villas in Cofiesi (northen D.R.) and there is no other vacation like that.Tremendous to say the least. So here it is regarding Grand Paridise. The Beach, the ocean and the pools are fantastic. The beach is the same all the way down the coast so it doesnt matter where you stay. The rooms are nothing better then your run of the mill motel. We did however have a fantastic view of the ocean (5324) Our toilet ran on all week. I didn't go on vacation to watch T.V..however it is nice to doze off to after a long day in the sun, It had 15 channels (none of which you could make out) No shower curtain..It was an open concept bathing area but you couldnt help getting water all over the room..oh well we just needed more towells to dry it up..but never really got any. We had to phone the front desk on two occasions after 4pm to find out why our room hadn't been made up. The made didnt have us on her list???. We left the room for a while, came back and found it made up (but with no towells) Had to call front desk again. Our excursion bus was an hour late as was our shuttle to the airport on departure day, and the front desk is again clueless to the situation..Sorry said I'd be brief. Well to rap it up. I'd have to say the the staff here are nice if you talk to or are waited on by every OTHER person and the food is OK..nothing to write home about . Time Share people they allow on the property are in your face constantly..Very annoying!!. So this open minded person is going to remember the fun he had with his wife and daughters and forget about my bad decision to stay here..after being warned by the people who expect more for their money.to maybe choose another..Close your browser live with your decision..Because you know what you want..and what you can live with..Rmemeber the Ocean,beach and pools..AWSOME!.That's mostly why your going..Right?.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>Lisa86
<Content>Fantastic beach - beautiful with white sand, huts for shade, comfy chairs!Pool - very clean, giganticFood - pretty good...not horrible...wide selectionEntertainment - Hilarious, once u get to know the staff...go out of their way to ensure you participate in the action!Staff - fantastic...go out of their way to make sure you are enjoying yourself!Disco - pretty good...again, staff is involved and will be the life of the party at the disco. Also good if you meet people, or go with a big group of friends.other - you'll have a great time just hanging out on the resort, by the pool, or at the other big bar.you'll definately meet some great people and great staff!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sweetsunshine99
<Content>Poor Guest Services I took my 7 yr old son on vacation with me for a much needed break and went to the Grand Paradise. It was my 5th time in the D.R. and my 2nd to Punta Cana. The beach is beautiful but had very high waves. The food was great lots of variety between the a la carte resteraunts and the buffet. The kids club was very enjoyable for my son and the staff at the kids club was very kind to him and did a good job of keeping the kids entertained. The pool was nice, clean and big although the water aerobics was held daily in a spot that I thought was too deep for those that are not great swimmers. The rooms were ok but needed work for sure. Our Showerhead was broken and we complained right away and they never did come to fix it. We had to hold the sprayer to use the shower. During the time we were there my boyfriend was staying with some friends at another resort so he wanted to come and visit. I called the front desk to find out what he had to do to get in and if there was a fee. I was told that he could come and all the had to do was go to the desk and they would call me. He took a taxi (20 min drive) and when he got to the hotel they would not let him in, even though I had called. The front desk denied giving me any details and the next day when I complained no one wanted to assist. They sent me to a concierge who gave me an even harder time. My boyfriend wasted 2 taxi trips and the cost to get there and they all shrugged it off. I tried again the next day to arrange a visit and they gave me this outrageous rate and we finally reached a compromise on the price which they later denied as well. The concierge said he would send champagne and fruit to my room to apologize and that never came either. When he left and I went to settle the bill they wanted to bill me more than we agreed and once again denied the agreement we made for the cost of his visit. I asked to speak to the manager and they would not let me saying he was in a meeting yet they kept going back and forth to speak to someone. Over all the service was horrible and I will never stay there again or recommend this hotel to anyone. The only thing that made our stay great was the weather and the people we met.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sensfan12
<Content>Very Nice Vacation My wife and I just came back from the Grand Paradise Bavaro last night. We had a very good vacation.First, the beach and the weather were incredible! We had 30+ deg C weather without a drop of rain for 7 days. The beach is absolutely amazing - just miles and miles of soft white sand and clear blue water lined with palm trees. The best beaches we've seen compared to Cancun, Puerto Plata, and Barbados. On some days, there were some pretty good waves which was alot of fun to play in. On these days, there was a bit of weeds that washed into certain areas of the beach but nothing major. Note: you have to get out to reserve your beach chairs very early - before 8 am!!!Before reviewing the hotel, the one thing that is important for travellers to understand is that the hotel ratings in the Carribean are different than in North America, i.e. you cannot expect the luxuries of a Canadian 4-star hotel at 4-star in the DR. You need to come to terms with this otherwise you will be disappointed no matter which resort you go to in the DR.The Grand Paradise is a nice, mid-sized resort. The layout is very good with the pool in the middle and the resort buildings arranged in a U around it. The pool is really nice, big and clean. The a-la-carte restaurants were very good - we tried the seafood place, the steak house, and the Dominican restaurant. The buffet place was pretty good - lots of variety. I wouldn't want to eat there for several weeks but it was certainly ok for our stay. There was also a beach side grill where they served pizza, hot dogs, burgers throughout the day. Not exactly gourmet food but good enough for those days where we didn't want to go to the big buffet place.We got very good service at the bars and there was lots of activities throughout the day (aerobics, volleyball, games, etc.). We brought thermos mugs and the bartenders had no problems in making our drinks in them - kept them colder longer and helped reduce number of trips to the bar.For the negatives, there weren't very many: First, the room we had was nothing to write home about - old and worn. But it was clean and adequate for us since we spent little time there except to sleep (see comments about expectations above). On the third day we were there, the whole region had a water shortage for the entire day until 7 pm. This wasn't a big deal until you wanted to shower or go to the bathroom....Note: this was not the resort's fault since the whole region was affected. I wrote about it because it's something that can happen in countries like the DR... Lastly, my wife and I both got a mild case of the tourista despite being careful with what we ate and drank. Make sure to bring immodium no matter what resort you stay at - it's almost par for the course when you're down there no matter where you stay.In summary, we would definitely go back to Punta Cana because of the amazing beaches and weather. The Grand Paradise is a very adequate AI resort that we would recommend with the warning that the rooms are old and that you can't expect the luxuries of a North American 4-star hotel.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>concernedMaryland
<Content>Diarrhea and Roaches The Grand Paradise Bavaro was an experience to remember.My husband and I own a time share and take a trip once a year to celebrate our wedding anniversary. We will never stay at a resort again that is not rated a four star resort or where the reviews are not positive (at least 7 out of 10). Although I never put much faith in reivews before, I have reconsidered my beliefs. Someone once told me, If more than 4 people say the same thing, they can't all be exaggerating or lying.Dates: January 24th-Jan. 30th.Cleaniness: Your playing Russian Roullete. The first and third room we stayed in didn't have the roaches. The second room did. Oh, if your wondering why there were so many rooms, was due to lack of hotel accommodations. My husband is a big guy and we needed a king bed (in which they promised us). So the first 2 nights we slept apart so that we could sleep comfortably. The 3rd night, they moved us to a big kingbed room, but we felt like we were invaded by roaches. The cleaning people came in to eradicate the problem, but the fumes were to much to bare. The fourth night, was nice in our clean, spacious room, but it was our only night where we didn't have to spend any time on the phone or at the front desck with concerns and issues.Hotel gift shop: If you are considering purchasing souvenires for family members, don't go to the gift shop expecting someone to smile at you or be friendly. To say the least, the cashiers were down right rude with perpetual attitudes for no reason.Weather: Wonderful. God truly blessed us with good weather everyday we were there. We enjoyed going to the pool, relaxing, and reading books. We also enjoyed our massage on the beach listening to the waves from the ocean.Cigars: If you are from the states looking for a nice stoggie to smoke, you better bring your own. Do not, I repeat, DO not purchase any cigars from the resort. They were tasteless and well over priced.Last but not Least Food: As I type this review, my stomach is cramping. We were informed not to drink the water and we followed the rules. However, we didn't consider all the food and fruit that was washed and cleaned in their water. Although the food was plentiful, it had no flavor and it was redundant. The same things were on the buffet day after day. My husband had to go the the doctors because he was concerned about dehydration as well as weight loss because of his diarrhea I have diarrhea episodes every 3 to 4 hours with excruciating pains in my stomach. I feel like its labor all over again but I'm not pregnant. We have been home for almost a week and we still have travelers diarrhea as the doctor calls it.Overall: My husband and I are not complainers. We want to have a good time where ever we travel. Although I read the reviews prior to our departure, I didn't put much faith in someone else's opinion. After that trip, I will value other people's reviews.Sincerely,Concerened for other travelors  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>subtil
<Content>$ For A Broken Window My wife and I stayed during one week at the Gran Paradise Resort from January 21 to 28 2007.On Friday morning, upon our return from the tennis court around 10:00 a.m., I noticed that the window of the patio door of the balcony was cracked. Earlier that morning, I had been on the balcony and the window was not cracked. We reported that immediately to the room maiden.When we came back from the beach late in the afternoon, we found a note to report to the front desk. I was then informed by the junior manager that we would have to pay $100 USD for the damage. I told him that we could not be held responsible since we had not hit the window with any object or our body. I insisted to talk to the senior manager. I went to the other reception where I could meet with him around 6:00 p.m. I explained the situation and invited him to investigate to find any evidence of our responsibility in this. He told me he would come back to me the day after.I also reported this to the GO Travel Direct representative who also talked to him. On Saturday, I was informed that the amount was reduced to $50 USD. I could not agree with that decision and made an appointment with the manager. I told him that he had no evidence of our responsibility for the broken window and that the staff (cleaning or fumigating with metal equipment) that has access to our room could also be considered as a potential cause. He refused to change his decision.I told him that this was poor recognition of the value of the clientele and that he should exercise discretionary judgment in this situation. But I was forced to pay because he had the power to prevent me from leaving the country.Back home, I complained to the company managing this resort and claimed full reimbursement.Should I be reimbursed, I will amend this comment accordingly.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KDZTUF
<Content>Well worth it We returned on 1/28 from a week at Grand Paradise and had a very nice week all in all. If you lower your standards a bit and remember this is the Caribbean, and have some good weather, you'll have a good vacation. Here are some comments pro and con.ROOM: Spacious,clean,bare floors,clean,poorly lit for night time reading, good TV selection, fridge stocked with Cokes,Sprite and water at no charge, adequate closet space, inadequate drawer space, enough toweling. TIP: ask for 2 keys. The power is kept on in the room with a key in a slot. Take the key when you leave the room and the room is hot when you return.BEACH: Beautiful,clean,water is rough on occassion since this is the Atlantic, few pesty vendors now located in an area just off the grounds,good water sports, plenty of chairs,lots of shade. Music always playing but we've heard worse. Plent y of towels and chaises. The pool area is pretty with some shade. There is a bar close to the pool and beach. TIP: before breakfast go to the beach or pool,pick out your spot, put books,towels, etc on the chairs then go to breakfast. Do it every morning, so you won't have to hunt around. every day.FOOD: Not gourmet but better than passable. Breakfast is just fine with a very fast egg station. The buffet has some good food at every meal. The pastries were very good. I'm picky and I was more than satisfied. There are five specialty restaurants. Chinese was the best. Italian,disappointing...fair food poor service. The La Cana Grill was good. We didn't go to the Seascape or the Dominican. TIP: The sign up for specialty restaurant reservations is a pain. 10:30 to 3. Do it right away if you check in before three to insure your choices. You are entitled to 3 specialties for each week.Entertainment: Every night but awful depending on your level of experience. We are admittedly spoiled. Some talent but repeticious. There is the usual audience participation stuff before every show. The 9:45PM start in too late for our taste.They have a small room with slot machines,pool tables.hockey and snacks. There is a small casino in the hotel next door with slots,black jack,roulette, and poker. A 6 dollar cab fare which the will reimburse for coming but not returning to your hotel. The day time activities are the usual...volley ball etcStaff: very friendly and helpful. The ladies in the gift shop are a little sour. Too busy talking to one another. TIP: bring some room snacks if you enjoy them. I will not pay $2.00 for a Milky Way.Shopping: There is a small shopping area within walking distance for local arts and crafts. TIP: wait until you get back to the airport for cigarettes ($22) and liquor.Tours: forget it. The roads are terrible. We took the tour to the island beginning with an SA,(I forget the name), it was not worth the $85 p.p. to travel a total of 4 hours for a beach no nicer than the one at the hotel.To sum up, the Paradise is better than ok for what you pay. We would go back but not in a hurry. ENJOY  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>dirtycellar
<Content>First time long haul and wasn't dissapointed       The pool, and my feet!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>BoyertownPa.Mike
<Content>fell in love again       Tina, Val  Lisa going snorkeling  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Mully1110
<Content>Fantastic Vacation My wife son daughter-in-law and beautiful grandaughter returned yesterday from 7 days at the resort.We approached the vacation with trepidation after reading reviews. The 1st day we found we could not get connecting rooms but were promised that this would be remedied the next day.The next day we were transferred as promised. We found the employees with the possible exception of the ladies at the gift shop to be friendly and extremely accomodating to our every need.They were calling our grandaughter by name at the buffet by the 3rd day. The rooms were clean and were exactly as pictured. We found the buffet meals offerred great variety and very tasty.We found Seascapes dinner left something to be desired but The Asian restaurant was fabulous. The beach and pools were great. All of us were well pleased by this resort and would recommend to others. From checkin to checkout ,our every request was handled to our satisfaction. We enjoyed our time very much and missed the friendly employees very much. Thank you for a fun and relaxing vacation.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	4	5	2	

<Author>smcgov
<Content>Good Time Just spent 5 days 1/11 to 1/15 here. I honestly don't know what some of the people who wrote negative reviews were talking about. The location was gorgeous and very laid back. I felt the staff was very accomodating and friendly. The maid put flower pedals all over our room two of the days we were there. The room was nice and clean. The food selection was always vast enough that every one of the people we were with found something to thier liking. The beach is amazing, the pool was also very nice. The Chinese restaurant was very good, the Steak house was OK. I really had a nice time and would stay here again. I thought it was an incedible value for the $$.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>sharalynb
<Content>Paradise @ The Grand Paradise Bavaro Just got back yesterday from Punta Cana. We stayed at the Grand Paradise Bavaro. My husband and I shared a room with our two teenagers (boy 16 and girl 13) We were very satisfied with the resort. We had read many bad reviews prior to going so we were prepared for the worst. We had requested building 6, 2nd or 3rd floor through our travel agency. However when we arrived we were in Building 5 on the first floor. $20 at the front desk got us building 6 - 3rd floor, but not till the next day. We booked with Sunwing so we got to book our ala carte directly with the rep, which was great. We ate at the Chinese, Italian and Steakhouse. We liked them all. Probably the Chinese best. We usually had lunch at the La Cana Grill. Pizza  fries were good, but hamburgers weren't cooked. The buffet restaurant was great. Lots of variety. The nightly shows were good. Daily activities were okay. The beach was beautiful. Pools were kept clean. The bathrooms are another story. A couple of days there was no water at the beachbar restroom and other locations. Water always worked in our room though. The rooms were not dimly lit as stated in some reviews. Maid service was more than adequate. We requested additional towels and received no problem. Also received extra water and sodas without asking. We went banana boating on the beach. This was alot of fun. We also went to the Marinarium. This was a 1/2 day excursion and I would recommend it. Alot of laughs and it was cool to swim with sharks and stingrays (very safe). We also did the sunset horseback ride which we would also recommend. We found the staff at the hotel very friendly. On-site photographers are great. They bring around different animals each day to have a photo taken with. My daughter loved this. My son loved the daily volleyball. All in all we loved the resort and would definitely return. We liked that this was a small resort compared to some of the super large ones. The only thing we would do different is bring our own pillows. The resort pillows are very lumpy. email me if you have any questions (sharalynb@sympatico.ca)  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>LimogesMan
<Content>I would go back Jan 5 - Jan 14 2007. Overall, this is a great vacation spot. Better than La Romana. I stayed at the Club room 6376. Great room. TV has no remote. A/C was great. King size bed, 3 pillows.Beach is one of the best but crowded. We had days with high winds. 10 minute showers everyday, no big deal.Very clean resort.3 Internet stations sharing a 128K VPN link. Cost is $5 for 30 min. Slow surfing if all three are busy.Food is excellent especially at the a la carte restaurants. Food wise, they should be rated a 5 starThe whirlpools were not heated. Good music.Staff is friendly except for the young lady at the main entrance's gift shop. She just can't smile or she's tired of her job. Room service is done anytime of the day and sometimes forgets to replace towels. Hot water was out one afternoon for about two hours.Mostly Canadians, Europeans and Italiens. Very few from the US. Many many smokers. Ok site for kids but be ready for a few topless women at the beachOverall, you should not be dissappointed.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	3	3	

<Author>eamccrt
<Content>Had fun, but this is not a 4 star! I stayed at the Grand Paradise Bavaro from Jan 6-13th. The staff was extremely friendly with the exception of the women in the gift shop (don't even bother going in!).The room had stains on the walls and on the bedding, but was generally clean - ask for more blankets as the room are very cold. We had no running water 2 nights, but called reception and it was fixed within a half hour. We were in building 3 and overlooked the pool and the ocean. Ask for bulding 3 or 6...the others are not as nice. Warning: Bring gravol or sleeping pills to fall asleep as the hallways carry echoes and people closing their doors sound like an explotion (trust me!)I stayed at the Iberostar Bavaro last year so I know what a great hotel is like and this did not live up to it :(The weather - it rained a few times, but not for more than a half hour. Beach is beautiful, but the waves were 6 feet tall at times - lots of fun, but not good for kids - too dangerous!Food was okay - I ate the same thing everyday as there was not much change from day to day. The best restaurant is absolutely La Cana Steakhouse. Also ate at Michelangelo - Intalian and Asian restaurant...don't bother.Single ladies beware that the men are extremely aggresive! Overall had a great time and will be return to Punta Cana, but not the Grand Paradise. I think I will try the Gran Bahia Principe next year...it looked awesome when I walked through!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Canadian_chik
<Content>GRAND PARADISE is what it is!!!! I stayed at this resort from Dec. 16th to the 23rd and let me tell you it was one of best experiences of my life. Individuals who complain about this resort seriously do not get out and enjoy themselves. The activites scheduled on a daily basis were very fun and exciting. Some examples are miss bikini contests, wet towel games, ping pong, beach games, ring toss, dance lessons, pool games, and volleyball. The entertainment is great and encouraged throughout the day and night. make sure you go and watch the juke box. There is nothing at all wrong with the food. There is so much to chose from and the la a carte restaurants are very good. Make sure you go to the italian, the seafood and the steak house. The staff are great, sure they feel they're over worked because they continously work their butts off to try and please us travellers and also earn that $1US a day to help their families out. All the resorts in Punta Cana aren't near any shopping plazas, except the markets are close by. Either you walk down the beach for over an hour or you go outside the club resort, around the cornor and there ya go. The market is called Plaza Punta Blanca. Only offer 40-45% of what the vendors offer. Most of them do not know the value of US money, except local #5....his name is Eddy and he is very honest and respectful to all visitors. His gift shop is called La Caribena. The rest of them consistently bug you and call you lady or sir Some of them say to you that they will give you anything for cheapy, cheapy. This experience is very rewarding because you really can get some better prices than what you will pay in the gift shops at the resort. Make sure you do go to the market because the memories will last forever. The ground keeping of this resort is maintained amazing. They do a great job! Cleaning the pools, removing drink cups, plates, etc., and the general overall appearance is awesome! I would speak very highly of this resort and tell anyone to go there. The younger crowd would love all the activites throughout the day, the children have their own little pool, the beach is beautiful and relaxing for those lazy and quiet days, and the entertainment at night is superb! There's a night club that's open from 11-2am and you can't hear the music at all from outside. It's GREAT! The only complaint I have is that they're really behind with the music and they play the same stuff all the time, ex: ace of base, no doubt etc. The restaurants also played christmas music 24/7 which sucked cuz when you came home you didn't want to hear anymore of it. Other than that I would go back to this resort in a heart beat!!!!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chuly
<Content>Greatest beach but... Okay, so I read all the reviews I could find before I actually left. I was nervous about everything. I was at the Grand Paradise from december 24th to january 7th.First, the actual check-in was a breeze, a nice cocktail was awaiting us. The process actually took less than 10 minutes.The room. I had writen an e-mail requesting building 6 or 3, the ones facing the pools, and I got exactly what I had asked for. I was in room 6210, second floor, huge balcony overlooking the pools and I even had an ocean view. The room is quite big, tv, fridge, chairs, 2 double beds, a dresser, a good size bathroom with bath and shower. The toilet/bath is separated from the vanity area (sink and mirror). The room was ALWAYS cleaned and we never had problems getting towels. You do have a problem with the water pressure during peak hours (5pm-8pm). The fridge got restocked everyday with what we liked (do talk to your maid and tip her and she'll give you the moon). The floor was washed often and not once did I see a bug of any sort in my room. So be reassured about that part.The pools are beautiful. Plenty of chairs but they do get taken very fast. The pool bar is often crowded and you'll get pushed over sometimes. Don't bother tipping unless you visit the bar very often... The jacuzzi is quite icky... don't go in there, the water is always murky...The BEACH, what can I say, it's the best thing going for this resort. The sand is like powder, the ocean is gorgeous not or almost no debris ( compared to the beach in front of the Bahia Principe, disgusting!!!). You do have to get up very early if you want to get a palapa. But for me, a chair in the sun did just fine. No problem getting that! Be very careful, they give you a card that you exchange for a beach towel. If you loose the card or the actual towel, it will cost you 20$! Has I did, I suggest that you bring your own old towel that you don't mind loosing...The animation is ok but I got bored of hearing awa-yim (aquagym) and dee-yay (d-j) very soon!!!! The nightime shows are a bore, a mix of karaoke and lipsync...The staff is ok , they are very accommodating. Beware you single ladies of the locals who are VERY touchy-feely...Now for the bad!!!! THE FOOD IS REALLY BAD. I'm not a fussy eater. I like to eat good, wholesome food. A simple grilled chicken, a little veggie on the side and some fruits. I had trouble finding that!!!! The buffet is always stocked with fish or pork in SAUCE! The veggies are either too cooked or in a SAUCE. The food is not good at all. Even the a la cartes are disappointing. The only good one is the Manglar and it's Chateaubriand. If you like fried foods, pizza, fish and pork , you'll be in heaven! There's always fresh fruit available and the breads are really good (not if you're on Atkins though!!!) If you do go there, bring your own snacks 'cause a bag of chips will cost you 5 $ US in the gift shop!!!Be careful of the agents who tell you they'll arrange for you to go somewhere to buy stuff. They will charge you more than if you bought your souvenirs at the airport!!!! The vendors come in every friday night and you can make excellent deals but be firm and stand your ground. Be aware that some of the vendors will try to sell you fake larimar and amber. If they're legit, they'll scratch a mirror with the actual stone or light a lighter to it to prove to you that it's real (plastic melts and does'nt scratch...).So, overall, if you are lookin for a clean hotel, a superb beach and you like fish, pork, sauces and fried foods, you will be pleased. 2 weeks for me was WAY too LONG!!!!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	5	4	1	

<Author>katiepie
<Content>just not worth it I have been to the dominican republic five times, and will continue to go back, but never to this hotel. The people in the DR are incredible and happy, and genuine, it is reallly heaven on earth, but not at the grand paradise. From the moment we turned the key in the door i knew there was trouble. The rooms were not clean, the bedding had inadaquate linens, and it was after much tipping and unsuccessful communication that we were able achive a bit of ease sleeping in the room on the uncomfortable matress without anything but a sheet and the AC blowing smack on your face. The main restaurant is a fast turn over cafeteria, where you have to set the table your self, and chase people for a cup to serve yourself coffee in. The food is another subject completely, far be it from the disgusting manors of other hotel guest who find it appropriate to eat out of the serving trays or use their hands, the food was a repeat each day, with little to no variation. Thank god the tomatoes were sweet, and i could melt some cheese between a silce of bread.My heart goes out the the staff at this resort who are obviously over worked, and become snippy with the guest quite frequently. The hotel and restuarants and not organized or properly managed. The beaches were nice, but not clean, plates, and glasses were collected only as needed by the bar, and we would find the remainders still there in the morning. If you are trying to get reservations at any of what they like to call restaurants dont bother, you will get a song and a dance and argue before they allow you in as they explain that all restaurants are booked and you find at night time that there are empty seats and everyone is shuffled into the buffet cafeteria. In general i think that the managment at this hotel as well as the facilities upkeep need a major overhaul and then perhaps it can boast itself as a 4 star plus. The dominican is such a beautiful country full of wonderful people and this place simply does not do it justice. Punta Cana is a little peice of heaven, but i would not recomend that you rest your head at the grand paradise....perhaps move next door to the majestic or the riu chains and you will have one of the most incredible trips of your life! I hate to say it, but this is more like a 3 star resort. Its a shame really.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>Canada_Ken1977
<Content>SIMPLY AMAZING HEAVEN ON EARTH       beautiful pool  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MnFats
<Content>Paradise It Is!!!!! My wife and I just returned from the Grand Paradise Bavarro, we spent the week of Dec 3rd-Dec 10th. This was the 3rd year we have vacationed at this resort. This year we celebrated our anniversary there. Even though we had wonderful experience's at this resort in the past, this year topped them all!!! Juan, (customer relations manager) once again exceeded all our expectations. Everything was set up for us and he managed to once again, raise the bar, for customer service. He is truly a professional. Julio, the manager of the Sea food restaurant, made our anniversary dinner there, a truly memorable occasion. We had dinner at this restaurant a number of times during our stay, and were never in the least bit disappointed. The staff is friendly and attentive to your needs, throughout this resort. Jose, the assistant manager at the seafood restaurant does an excellent job when Julio is not there. Luis in the sports bar is a great bartender, always smiling and friendly. Even the bell hop, Braulio, went out of his way to make sure all arrangements for our departure, were made ahead of time, and on schedule. We will definitely be returning again in Dec 07!!!! We can't wait to go back! If anyone has any question about this resort, or would like a few tips on how to make the most of your stay, feel free to e-mail me. stefoe@sbcglobal.net  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pfazio
<Content>Returned Dec 29, 2006. Before I start me review, I must say that after reading all the review before my departure I was very worried, if we picked a good location. Most reviews were very bad. But you have to see it to believe it.........SO, here is my review.Lets start with the airport, transportation and check in. All were great, did not wait long at all. Everyone is very friendly and happy to see you. Everytime we needed services at the reception, we had to problems and they helps ASAP.The hotel, it was great, very nice, we stayed at The Club, its the new section of the the bavaro resort. It was beautiful, and we were able to use both resorts. We had a garden view and superior room. Rooms were clean every day, and our maid Aurora was the best, we left gifts for her every day. And we always had fresh towels, flowers, and hot water.The beach was the best ever, I travel a lot and this hotel and beach was the best I have been too. The water was great, and always waves to have fun in. We had sun for the full 7 days of our stay. It rained at night twice, but we didn't see it.The food, I can't believe how good the food was. My daughter is very fussy, and she found something to eat all the time. The sepcialities restaurants were great!! Chinese was our best, the the steak house was good too. Can complain about the food it was great and had good flavor too.........We went on the Mountain View Safari, wow if you do excursions this is a must. This was the greatest part of our trip, it's a must see. Expensive at $80us per/person but worth every dollar. I traveled with the 2 daughters and my niece and we all agreed this was the best. this location is great if you have kids. There were kids everywhere. And since it was Christmas they really went all out of the visitors. The night show were great and on Christmas day they had a Santa riding a horse on the beach. I don't know what else to say, before I left on vacation I read a lot of comments and I was worried, but to be honest, I don't know what some people were talking about. this place was the best. Yes there were some french canadians complaining about everything, but heck your in thier country and its third world what the heck do you expect. Considering that it's a third world country I think the Bavaro was great........... And the people and the village we visited were all great too.......... We would definitely recommend this hotel and we would go back in the future.Phyllis, Kahnawake, Quebec. Canada  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>CHARBY'S
<Content>Great time - from Knowlton, Qc Canada We stayed at the CLUB at Grand Paradise in Punta Cana from December 9th to December 16th. Admittedly, I was very nervous after reading some of the reveiws but I am very happy to say that we had a great time. We travelled with Go Travel Direct from Montreal - Zoom Airlines and we taken very good care of. From check in at the airport, to arriving at the hotel - all when very smoothly. Everyone we had contact with was polite and more than helpful. I had seen several warning about NOT staying at the CLUB --- mostly from those who stayed at the sister resort -- not to worry - the CLUB was great. It is more quiet - swim up bar - plenty of service -- not a problem at all. There is a 2 minute trolly ride to get to the beach - or you can also walk. It is a beautiful relaxing walk through a jungle looking area lined with gorgeous hibicus shrubs. We chose to walk most times. We had several guests at our resort who had switched from Grand Paradise to the CLUB as it is on the quiet, relaxed side. Great for families with little children - no crowd here as everyone is at the beach during the day. The food -- well somedays it is wonderful and others --- well less so. But there is plently to chose from --- you will never starve ! Bad drinks ? --- not for our foursome who were all quite happy - a treat of mamajuana each night too. The beach is, of course, absoultely gorgeous. It is clean, soft, and long. I think it is probably the nicest right in front of our resort - but maybe I am a litte partial. Lots of activities, if you so wish. Some sales people who are not a bother at all. Polite and helpful. BARGAIN to your heart's content. Larimar and Amber are great deals - at about 1/4 the starting price. Our rooms were average rooms, nice bacony and very clean - always made very pretty with freshly picked hibicus flowers on swan and hearts made from the rooms towels. Leave the maid a litte note for anything you need, and she will do her best to help you out. It was fun to come back to the room to see each day's surprise. Everyone is very relaxed, so you may have to ask more than once for your coffee but hey, chill out a little. Slow down and enjoy your meal. The grounds, pools and restaurants are very clean - lots of gardens and ponds with ducks - look for Matilda - cranes and fish to feed. There will be Vendors on the Friday night - with great deals to be had. You have access to both resorts - take advantage of that - tour around and you will enjoy it. We took the Mountain View Jeep Safari - had a wonderful day. Well, worth the cost. We had a great week - don't be afraid of this resort - you will be pleased if you keep in mind where you are. Don't go in with unreasonable expectations and you wil be very pleasantly surprised. Paradise is the key word ! Enjoy ! A thank you to Anne Michelle - our Go Travel Rep - and to Hugo the bartender who made each evening fun.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>georgiaToronto
<Content>Watch the food!! My husband and I went to this resort for 4 nights during Christmas. Overall, we did have a good time. The resort itself is georgous....their is always lot's to do....the beach is spectacular...the staff is helpful, rooms are a little out-dated however we both wished we had been more careful with the food. We ate at the buffets and at all the restaurants. I began to feel a little quizzy about 2 days into our trip. On the fourth day I had severe nausau and I had severe black diarrhea for over 3 days after we returned toCanada. The public washroom located near the reception were always plugged witch gives an indication that we were not the only tourists feeling sick. Our advice if you stay at this resort....eat light and avoid all meats. Stick to fruits and grain products:)  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OrlaWaterloo
<Content>Definitely 2.5 Star I made the mistake of checking tripadvisor AFTER I booked, I won't do that again. The beaches in Punta Cana are the finest everywhere, that's the good news. The hotel is mismanaged and you don't need a degree in Hospitality to figure it out. The staff is great but over-worked and understandably annoyed with beligerent and obnoxious guest most of whom are not from North America. The food is pretty crappy so show up at opening hours or be aware that kids (and adults)have dragged their hands through your food, sneezed on it or placed it back on the tray after falling on the floor. The principle dining area is a very noisy cafeteria complete with a wandering band. The house wines are virtually undrinkable (Chillean swill from a bag-in-box) and they charge you extra for a la carte wines. BTW, they don't have six restaurants, its more like three that get a menu make-over every other day. The premises are generally poorly maintained and the availability of drinks 24/7 means you can look forward to some fine singing echoing in your halls around 3am. The hotel charges 20$ for a safe lock which is non-refundable that seems cheap and insulting to a guest. Why would I pay you to protect my stuff from your staff? The carrier we used was Sunwing which is a small and disappointing upstart. They took several hours to check us in for departure, served 2.5 ounces of free wine with an average meal and charged 5 bucks for the next small glass of average wine. In-flight drinks or snacks were not provided so pack your own. This resort is one noisy party joint that attracts families, young adults and older folks. If you're cheap this is the place for you or for a few hundred more you can find real 4 and 5 star resorts in the same area. I will not be back. Waterloo, Canada  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	3	4	1	

<Author>CrazyForCaribbean
<Content>Beautiful Beach, but Resort Was a Disappointment We stayed at the Grand Paradise Bavaro in late February 2006. We had not done an AI since we were young, and had decided to give the Dominican Republic a try. This report will be long.I read all the reviews after I had booked (booked somewhat last minute on travel agent recommendation), and I became very nervous. We went with an open mind and wanted to enjoy our trip. We are not picky and just wanted to relax. I thought maybe some of the other postings were from people who expected a lot or who were very hard to please. I have to agree with a lot of negative things.On arrival, the resort did not look quite as nice as some of the others we had seen during the ride on the airport transfer. No problem, because I've found that sometimes the inside is beautiful and you don't spend your vacation outside staring at the entrance to the resort. We were pleased with the furnishings and the landscaping of the resort. This is one of the smaller resorts and we didn't expect alot of glitz. We were booked in The Club section but were taken to the main section (beach side) for check-in. Needless to say, we had to be taken back to the Club side to check-in. We had to ask many questions to find out about things - the staff was personable but not forthcoming with information. I only knew to ask about the tram that goes from one section to the other because of this site. Reservations have to be made for the ala-carte restaurants.We stayed on the Club side because the rooms were all Jr. Suites with a jacuzzi tub in the room and this side was much quieter (which is what we wanted). The jacuzzi did not work at all. Our room could not be changed because they were sold out and we were repeatedly told that someone was coming up to fix it. They even told us at one point that it was fixed. It was not. This went on for 3 days. We finally gave up. Now, we had no perk for being in the nicer room because we were further from the beach. Very disappointing.We left a nice tip for the maid each day and we got soda  water stocked in the fridge. We left a note asking for Diet Coke  water only and she provided them the next day. After that we just left the tip, and there was no restocking of the fridge. We had to call the front desk to get soda.We called for an iron one night and it took 3 hours. No apologies, no excuses. Actually, my husband had to wind up going to the front desk for it and then had to sign 3 different forms to borrow it for 15 minutes.Our best dinner was at the Manglar on the Club side. Patrons can dine at restaurants on either side of the resort. The wait staff here was incredible! Very attentive and personable! It was difficult, and sometimes impossible to get coffee in the morning at the buffet. We were both bartenders for over a dozen years and will be more patient than the next person because we can empathize, but service was ridiculously slow, and it was no better no matter how much you tipped. Even at some of the nicer restaurants for dinner. We often waited and waited for coffee to be served to eat with the desserts that had been served 20-30 minutes prior. These restaurants were not packed to the gills and there were plenty of servers available. We are frequent travelers to the Caribbean and recognize that there is such a thing as Island Time - service will definitely be slower. This was unacceptable. A free half-hour of horseback riding comes in the AI price. Each day we went to sign up, we were told that it was booked, even if we said How about 3 days from now. The answer was always no, but for X amount of dollars we could ride for an hour or two. I felt like we were being scammed every time we asked for the perks that were part of the package price ( I believe kayaks were part of that too - same story). we gave up on that as well.Vendors set-up tables on the beach side of the resort early on Friday nights. I got a beautiful set of Larimer jewelry at a bargain price. I was just thinking about my purchase and he just kept lowering the price! I guess he thought I was going to walk away from the deal because I was quiet, but it worked to my advantage. He even let us pay him 3 hours later because our money was in the safe. Very nice vendors!I did suffer some GI upset for several days. I was able to still enjoy the beach each day, but for 2 days I was petrified to eat breakfast or lunch. I had chills the one night and my husband had to dine alone. One of the waiters we met the first night noticed my husband and alone and asked for me. He let him know that I was sick and just wanted some bread to nibble on ,so he gave my husband several clean napkins so he could bring me back rolls from the buffet :)The best part of the vacation was the BEAUTIFUL BEACH! The sand was perfect! The water was incredible and the most lovely shade of blue (and we have been to many islands)! We walked along the beaches in front of some of the other resorts and Grand Paradise definitely had the nicest beach. We met couples staying at other resorts and they too commented that the beach and surf seemed to be the best. All in all, I was in the Caribbean with my husband on a much needed vacation, and we enjoyed our time together. There were only a handful of staff members that were courteous and the only highlights of the trip were the beach, water and dinner at Manglar. I would not feel comfortable recommending this resort.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	2	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>lost-cape-bretoner
<Content>Christmas in the Sun!!!! Just returned back from the resort this week. And after reading the reviews here, I think some people ask for way too much! My family and I went to the Grand Paradise for our first family vacation at Christmas, and can't wait to go back! (My teenage daughter would still be there) We are well travelled people and this trip by far sets the bar for the rest.The room- We checked in and were greeted with a smile and drinks. It was a smooth process, and the staff fell over themselves trying to help us. We were escorted to our room, and it was in Bldg 2 top floor (2307), the door was opened when we got there, and it was not the Hilton, but was very clean, and no bugs. I did a complete inspection and it was certainly clean enough for the family. Pehaps the lights were a bit dim, but we looked at it as if it created a tranquil ambience. Afterall, you don't want to feel as though your in a hospital room with glaring lights on a holiday! To say the least with the amount of time spent in the room there, it was suffice. We only went there to sleep and shower, not much time spent in the room. We left gifts for the maid (nylons, beauty products, etc) and had clean towels and clean room all the time. The maids were happy and I greeted them everytime I saw them, what a great bunch of people. Our luggage arrived promply and the busboy was singing and smiling, we tipped him, and he was gracious. The food- I have no idea the big fuss of the food that is here? Sure don't eat the cheese, but hello people-you are in a country without pasturization! The food was plentiful, the crepes were extraordinary, the omlettes-awesome. I loved the pineapple every meal also....Christmas Eve...WOW! Did they do it up nice. Extraordinary displays of culinary art for Christmas. We had turkey, stuffing, potatoes, gravy...it was superb. I don't think for one minute that I could have done better here in Canada. Nor do I kid myself that dispays of bread donkeys are in my capability.....The food at the restraunts were good, the soup at the Italian was awesome. The steak at the grill was tasty, and the chinese was outstanding! We purchased our own wine there and it topped off a great meal each night.The pool- Awesome. What more can one say? They were clean, well maintained, and enough chairs for all. If you wanted sun or shade the choice was yours, as there were umbreallas all around the pool. We had brought travel mugs with us, and what a great idea. It saves you from 50 trips to the bar for a refill, and the ice stayed much longer in the hot sun. Pack your travel mugs, you won't be sorry. I loved the pool area and our room was not far from anything. My husband and daughter loved the beach, so we alternated each day between the pool and beach. We brought our own towels also, but this was not necessary, as the resort had a huge supply for all. The Beach- Clean, clean, clean. Yes there were some cigarette butts in the sand. I think this is due to inconsiderate people who think they are entitled to be swine when they are on holidays. All inclusive does not mean- All manners out the window! At the beach, there was always something to see. If your a people watcher-go to the beach. Children in the sand, people playing in the waves, or watch parasailing in the sky. Something for everyone. It was superb.The Entertainment- well I must say, what an energetic staff. They were coaxing people to join into water areboics, stretching, pool games, beach volleyball, or shuffleboard. The highlight was the tropical Christmas show. WOW! It was elobrate, and awesome. a great show, and the children from the resort participted actively. It was great. They danced with people in the audience, and you really felt like a part of the show. I couldn't take my eyes off the stage, as the costumes were elobrate, and the talent was awesome! My teenage daughter found the internet, and enjoyed e-mailing her friends pictures and telling tales of her vacation in the tropics. They charged $8 for an hour, which is resonable, as in any city you would be lucky to find it at that price. On Christmas Eve for breakfast they had 3 local men with guitars and morraccos sing at your table for you. This was beautiful, and I wished them a Merry Christmas in thier native tongue. It was great. Some people ignored them like they weren't there, but some people are like that I suppose. My husband and I lapped it up, and felt honoured that we were serenaded at breakfast for Chritmas Eve. Can't get that in Canada. I believe that there is always something there for you to do, whether you choose to participate or not, you are the designer of your own holiday. I didn't sit back and wait for someone to involve me, I made it my own. On Dec 24th we had an itenary slipped under our door with the days events. This was great and allowed us to plan for what we wanted to do and participate in. On Christmas day, Santa arrived on horse back, and all the children followed him to the beach. He gave gifts to all the children, and it was a splendid thing to see. The Staff- From the maid to the busboy, from the gardner to the waitress Bravo! They were outstanding. One of the waitresess was so kind, I told her I liked her earrings, and she gave them to me on xmas day. How nice. They were all glorious with the exception of the gift shop. Rude, ignorant, and not so motivated to say the least. I refuse to be pushy and have a few woman ruin my holiday, so I never went back in there. Problem solved. The photgrapher was great and produced some awesome pictures for souviners. Pictures with the parrott were great. The staff at the check in were very accomdating to us, and allowed for a late check out the day we were flying. It cost $20 but what a convienience to us. The room safe was the same price, and gave us the piece of mind for our money and cameras. Although the staff was honest as I left money on the table, and it was not touched when I got back. That stands for something in my books. Greet them with a smile and manners, and you will get back the same from everyone there. Parasailing- My husband and I went up on xmas eve, and what an awesome experience. We loved it. Went out to the ocean by boat to experience it, and saw a school of 8 dolphins below us. The island was magnificant to see from the sky. We asked to be dipped into the water, and it was allot of fun. They took pictures of us, and we had to have them. It was awesome and I would have paid double for that experience again. Le Torpedo- was a great insight off the resort. We were told of this by our Air Canada rep- we participated and were not sorry. It costs you nothing to go, and we had the opportunity to see hand made cigars. They had rum, jewellery and cigars there...something for all. Try it out- what do you have to lose? The prices were reasonable- much cheaper than the resort and no haggling.My advice- bring travel mugs, immodium, snacks (in case you can't find anything at the buffett) granola bars, chips and gum were a god send. When our snack cravings hit, we had them in our room. And the gum was great for the salty water at the beach. I did learn that thier bananas are equal to 3 here in Canada. So if you get ill and need to stop running to the bathroom- eat bananas. 3=9 CDN. It WILL stop you. And if you are at the other end of the spectrum and can't go to the washroom, coconut is a natural laxitive. IT WORKS! All in all- we would go back tomorrow. You would be hard pressed to find anything better than this resort!!!!!!!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>Blithespirit3
<Content>Heavenly Getaway We just got back yesterday from an incredible week in the hot Dominican sunshine at the Grand Paradise. The resort was amazing (granted this is our first all-inclusive getaway so our comparators are few, but we do travel alot) - we had a superior room with a garden view (highly recommend this for better cable and quiet sleeps - pool view is a bit noisier it seems) and we loved it.The staff was incredibly happy, helpful and plentiful. The rooms were clean (granted, a few minor decorative repairs were needed but they were minimal eg. a piece of broken quarter round on the dresser, a little tear in the patio door blind), spacious, tastefully decorated and a/c'd! The food was delicious, plentiful and there was incredible choice. Our favourite of the specialty restaurants was the Dominica grill Taino. We heard some complaints from people we met there who had trouble with wait service at the Italian restaurant but we didn't have a bad experience. We found that a $1 or $2 US tip was remembered by the staff and they were even MORE helpful to us after that small token of thanks. The vegetables were a big hit at the La Laguna Buffet as was the breakfast there, others reviews are right, the omelette station is the best!We were in building six so only a few steps from the beach, pool and restaurants. Honestly, we couldn't have been more pleased. We never had trouble finding chairs, no matter the time of day we went out. The ocean and beach were wonderful, and they had staff cleaning up any garbage the guests were leaving about throughout the day. We took the snorkelling trip and had a blast. Our captain even took us on a side trip to see sharks and stingrays (they were in a pen but we swam around it) or a few extra US $ - was a great day.Lots of Europeans so many foreign languages to hear and the resort is small enough that you can meet new friends and get a sense of who is on holiday 'with you'.The activation team work SO hard it blew my mind away. There was something to do, if you wanted, all the time, but if you just wanted to chill out and tan, that was possible too. The shows at night were great fun - not much in the way of sets, but the main stage appeared to be under renovations, so the shows were up at the Paradise Club (I think it's called) about a 4 minute shuttle ride away.The only small spot of complaint would be that I agree with other reviewers that the staff at the gift shop is a bit hard to engage or get help from...but really, there's not much need to be in there for more than five minutes, so in a week, that's not much to complain about.We visited the market beside the front gates to the resort - the shopkeepers are aggressive and you'll definitely want to bargain/haggle the price down to at least half of what they start at.We spent our nights having an end-of-evening drink by the beach bar - hearing the surf and the laughter and singing of the staff was great - we knew we were on holiday and were well cared for. We highly recommend this resort (for all ages!).  
<Date>Dec 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>deeray5
<Content>GO GET AWAY this was our first visit to Punta Cana and we were very pleased. The food was very good with variety. the only food we didn't enjoy was the steak, the rest was very delicious., especially the Italian food.Our room was acceptable, clean, etc., I don't know where you would stay and have a room without some small problems. this is not a new resort so if you want new that is where you should book your plans. there was plenty of activities at the resort and outside the resort. if you book an all inclusive you have a huge variety of outside adventures. we went on a snorkeling party boat which was great!! we swam with the dolphins and took a 40 minute helicopter ride. the staff for the most part was very helpful . we ran into a problem with the gift shop staff, they will run off most of the business if the Paradise keeps them, they were rude and tried to jip our friend out of $8.00. very unpleasant experience, they acted as if you weren't there when you went to check out but the whole time you were shopping they watched you like a hawk and kept looking at the tags on your items. we stayed in the junior suites so we had to take the train, we never found this to be a problem. we went to the sports bar a couple of nights, we did a little gambling but mostly did our activities through the day and didn't care to do a lot of evening partying. the pools were good some debris but not bad. the beach was wonderful, the water at the time was a bit rough . don't drink the water unless it is sealed bottled water. Overall I would go back again for sure............thanks to the staffRay and Dee\Atlanta Ga  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>sassy17
<Content>Thank God for Great Weather For my mothers 70th birthday we chose to stay at the Grand Paradise Bavaro which was rated 4.5. It should have been rated a 2. What a disappointing experience. The resort and the Grounds were stunning however the service and the staff were horrible. To get a cup of coffee you had to eventually get up and look for a waiter or grab the pot yourself and pour. Waiting for 20 minutes or 30 minutes for a cup of coffee is outrageous. Why are people in the hospitality business if they don't want to be there!!! They did not smile , they were completely rude when you asked a question. For example my sister and I were reviewing the drink menu at the bar and the bartender asked what we would like , we told him we don't know yet and if he had any suggestions and his response was come on come on hurry up!!! , and then proceeded to serve someone else. You felt as though you were bothering them. The staff and the front desk were completly disrespectful. For example we asked for towels which were not in our rooms when we arrived. We asked at 9am in the morning and did not receive them until 7pm. We could not shower for dinner until we received the towels. We were so angry and we told the manager if we did not get our towels we would expect him to serve dinner in our room. Wow did that light a match under them. We received our towels. I felt horrible for my mom (it was her 70th birthday)she has been to mexico and cuba and the staff were fantastic. The staff in this hotel was miserable and incredibly rude. The only thing that saved this trip was the wonderful weather.The food was also poor. I was ill majority of the trip. I was told to eat only the rice and bread. I paid for a all inclusive trip and could not enjoy. Meats and cheeses were left out all day in the heat. Yuk!!!I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. The service lacked and the staff was definitely not hospitable. The only people who constantly smiled and were helpful were the bellboys. Overall , I will never go pack to the Dominican Republic.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Stoufville
<Content>Thank God for Mother Nature. Thank god for mother nature. The weather and scenary were beautiful. I have been to the Dominican on many occassions, twice in Punta Cana. This last trip was an extreme disappointment due to the staff and service provided at the Grande Paradise Bavaro. I never had such bad service in my life. Starting with the reception right down to the gift shop, the only people that similed were the bell boys (maybe because we were leaving at that point). I believe people in the hospitality business should make their guests feel welcomed. A simple acknowledgement or smile would go a long way. We definitely did not get that warm and fuzzy feeling at the Grande Paradise Bavaro. The service was another matter, this place definitely tested your patience in all respects (waiters that never came back with your drinks, waiting 30 minutes to 45 minutes for a cup of coffee was not unheard of - you were lucky if you got one), no coffee machines or clock radio in the room for that matter. Sitting in the lobby one day I witnessed three blow outs at the reception concerning the service. Like I said Thank God for Mother Nature it was the only thing that made this trip bearable. I will never recommend or stay at the Grande Paradise Bavaro again.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	1	1	

<Author>marygillis
<Content>Upgrade now I went to the Grand Paradise over Thanksgiving for a week. It was our first time in Punta Cana. The beach was the most beautiful I have ever seen. Like a postcard. The water was perfect. Big waves were fun. The pool area was great. Very clean but my husband was bugged by the little ants. Don't leave your drink down. The outside was lovely. My problems began with the room. First put into room 3121. Dingy, poorly lit and stunk of must. Stuffed up the nostrils type of musty smell. Had to wait until next day to move to 3114 which overlooked the pool. Much better and didn't smell anywhere near as bad. Still worn out and dingy but better. Maid service was awful. Would get room made up and clean towels just in time to dress for dinner. Make sure you hang up your towels so you can use them again in the morning. I left a good tip everyday but that didn't seem to matter. The food was awful. Thank goodness they had bread and butter. After 3 days stomach went south. I ate the frozen pizza and fries for lunch because I figured that was more safe than the buffet. Tried a few resturants. Service almost funny and food tasted all the same. I have since talked to my TNT rep who more or less told me that this is one of their most popular resorts and they have had no complaints. I told them to read the reviews on Trip Advisor!!! They made me feel as if I was just a pain. I have been to Mexico, Aruba and Bermuda a few times. People so much nicer and places so much better. I would go to Punta Cana again---in a few years-- and pay more money to go to a more upscale place like the Riu. I don't like to go on vacation to get sick and have cock roaches. All booze is low end so if you want a good drink make it yourself. Also don't stay in THE Club. You have to take a 5 minute tram ride. No views what so ever. Upgrade to garden view NOW. Try and have fun but bring your meds.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	4	1	2	

<Author>Norris_The_Monkey
<Content>Read reviews and listen to advice  Where to beginéˆ¥?br/>The reviews were correct in saying this place has a beautiful beach. The waves were very high for most of the stay but really warm waters and clean beach. I had a great time in the waves. Let me also say I am not a complainer. I make the best of anything and did the same with this trip but after traveling down the beach and seeing what others offered I would hate to see someone waste their money like I did or have it stolen by the maid like I did. (which by the way the hotel did not even acknowledge and anyone I tried to talk to about this pretended they couldnéˆ¥æª› speak English all of a sudden even though they were just talking to me in English) I had no way of getting any American money and was thankful I had someone who had some extra.Other then the beach this place does not have much to offer. It is tired beyond its years and not many things have been updated or repaired in a neat or timely fashion. Our room had a king sized bed that sagged in the middle and had wires sticking out. Much of the furniture had pieces missing off of it and the shower head fell off the wall and hit my fiancèŒ… on the head.Food was okéˆ¥î›”othing special, very bland. I knew this going in but many didnéˆ¥æª›éˆ¥îšªO NOT DRINK OR BRUSH TEETH with bathroom water. Tour operator made reference to seek medical attention immediately if you did.Disco was dead every night more workers in the place then guests so if you are looking for that this is not the place for you. The entertainment in my opinion was not great. It was ok but rather amateur. I expected to see a more professional show. Water activities cancelled everyday even though other resorts safely operated them. Pool was nice and clean though.The trolley that transported guests around the property was a health hazard. The fumes were bad better off to walk.BATHROOMSéˆ¥î›”o soap in a lot of the public washrooms. Many many times no toilet paper or paper towels and often the toilets didnéˆ¥æª› flush. I am sure you can imagine what that was like. The resort was not close to full either so imagine what it would be like if there were more people.There were a few really great staff members who smiled and worked very hard. Really alls it takes is a smile and an attempt to understand each other but I found either they didnéˆ¥æª› try or when you needed something they couldnéˆ¥æª› speak to you even though they talked to you in very good English a few moments before. I didnéˆ¥æª› ask for much and I tipped well.Ask anyone who was there and they will tell you the girls in the gift shop were beyond rude. They would ignore you for as long as 10-15 min and huff about what you asked them or in one case push you out of their way. I was shocked really at how they are.I would go on but I would like to say despite everything I did have a good time but that was due to the great people we met while we were there. Being able to make the best of a situation is key. I had more things happen while I was there but too much to write. I am sure anyone reading this will say I am just one of those people who picks on anything and everything and I canéˆ¥æª› stress enough that I am far from that. I spent 5 days with NO money and still had fun. I believe that the only way to make things better in the future is to be honest about is wrong so they have the chance to fix it. I think though that after the many bad reviews this resort has chosen to ignore the reviews.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	3	1	1	

<Author>kerry_c10
<Content>Go anywhere else!!! If I had to sum up this trip in one word I would say- horrible!!! Don't go. If you made reservations, try to change them. My family and I went to the Grand Paradise Bavaro from November 18th to the 25th and we could not wait to get back home. This trip was a giant waste of money and weeks vacation. I am not a picky person and wasn't expecting too much however what I got was just awful. I'll start with the food- gross. The buffett was disgusting, I'm definately not a picky eater, and I could find very little in the buffett that was passable as edible. Also I noticed many people using their hands to get food which also disgusted me. The restaurant's level of food was slightly higher but still wasn't good. I basically ate bread the whole time. (I'd suggest packing snacks that can travel-or meal suppliment bars) Next was the drinks- The only good drinks I had the whole week was from the alcohol I brought down myself. Several times I saw the bartenders not even put alcohol in the drinks! The beer Presidente which isn't that bad but thats it, no corona, bud or anything else. ( a tip- pack alcohol, and mixers). The rooms weren't that great. In my room the lightning was bad and then a bulb blew. Called down to the front desk for new bulb- still waiting for it. No remote (ask for one when you check in) and also gotta buy a lock for the safe ($20). My room you could run the a.c. all the time however, other rooms you need a key for it. There were also cockroaches in the room. Let me tell you nothing is more fun then unpacking cockroaches at home. The maid service was also terrible. No towels and most days she didn't get to our room until after 5, by that time we would be getting ready for the evening and didn't want to be interrupted. When she did do the rooms she never made the beds only left water and soda. Be careful of the gallon water. Make sure you break the seal on the jug. I didn't one day and guess what? Got so sick I had to be taken to the clinic. Two days of my trip ruined because I was so ill. Service was a joke- waited forever for waitress' at dinner, bartenders were rude and towel people were also nasty to you. I tipped everyone everyday until about the 5th day because I realized my service woiuld still suck. (I'm a waitress I know how to tip properly, so it wasn't as if I was stiffing the people.) For activities- there were some, but the nightlife was definately lacking.( the all nite bar was a rec room and the casino was a few slot machines). The pools were ok- sometimes you'd find cigarette butts and straws in it, but over all not that bad. And the ocean was great. The water was amazing!! But overall this trip was terrible and I couldn't wait to get back home. Many people want to say that it is a thrid world country so you can't expect much, but my responce to that is I didn't pay thrird world country prices for this trip, I should have recieved better.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	2	

<Author>Envy75
<Content>So-so experience... We went to the Grand Paradise from Nov.27th to Dec.4th. That was our second trip to Punta Cana. We were 2 couples. Before we left, we asked to have our room near one of each other so we wouldn't have to run everywhere to meet each others with king bed. When we arrived, we were (15:00) we were told that our room wouldn't be ready before at least another hour so we could go to the restaurant and eat a bit before getting our room which we did. A bit later we've received the keys to our room. To our surprised, we had 2 room (same floor) but with no king bed. Instead, two double beds. My friends also got two double beds. We went to the front desk, after a couple minutes asking for rooms with king bed they finally found one. My friends had to wait the next day to get it. Bad thing is we had to be on different floors but we wouldn't mind that. Those problems behind us, we were ready for the beach, sadly rain was also ready for it... 2 days later we were able to go to the beach and take some sun. We were hoping that all our bad luck was behind us. Which of course, wasn't the case... That 3rd night my girlftiend called me in the bathroom asking which kind of bug was on the floor. Thanks to some TV shows that show the worst of thing, I recognized a cockroach. We closed our bags, check everywhere to make sure that it was lost and just looking for his way back out of our room and it didn't left any friends or anything in our room. Next day, our friends on second floor had a visitor. Another cockroach... We then knew it would not be the end of those happy encounter In fact there were another one for me and two for my friends... Still ready to pass some great time we decide to go foward and get some good time. We wanted to go to Saona Island. After a brief talk with our travel agent rep. she had us convince to talk the Catalina excursion instead... Bad Idea! We were told that we were going on a catamaran, stay on the island for 2+ hours and back on the boat but nothing of that happend. Instead it was like a pontoon, stayed on the beach for an hour and head back in a bus (not from marina but 1hours further the marina) which gave us a 5hours bus ride, 1hours boat ride, 1 hours beach and 30 mins horseback riding with no instruction how to ride a horse (not made for people scared of riding a horse). Should have stayed with Saona....Finally, we had some sunny days, alot of wind, which prevent us to do anything in the sea because of the red flag all week. Might be because of the rain but most of the staff was grimpy. Not much games or activities. The food was good the a la carte was good. We went to the Asian, Italian, Grill and International restaurants. All were good but the Grill was definitly the best one. The buffet was also good. Didn't had to go too often but everytime we had a good meal. In conclusion, we had a good time because we really need vacations. People looking for a flawless vacation should pass on this place. Knowing what Punta Cana had to offer after my previous stay at the Riu. I must admit, I was disappointed. We were hoping for a better time but we tried to get pass all those problems and enjoy our stay. Which we did but would not return nor recommend it.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	3	1	

<Author>VacationLover58
<Content>Beautiful Beach, not much else.       Punta Cana's beach  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	4	2	

<Author>misspolly
<Content>Amazing Beach My fince and I spent 7 days on this glorious beach. We are both well travelled and thoroughly enjoyed our stay at this property. Room:Our room was simple. No frills or such but it was clean and located in the centre of the property. There was never a lack of hot water, fresh towels or clean linens. Food: The food was quite tasty. There was a large selection of food. If you can find something you like... stay home and cook your own food. There are three stations in addition to the large buffet for lunch and dinner. One for fresh fish, another is a carvery station for roasted pork, chicken, turkey, beef etc. and the other a fresh pasta station. In the morning there is an omelet station... your choice of ingredients. The buffet is always stocked with fresh fruit as well. Food is served on this resort from 7:00am to 2:00am as there are several restaurants.... if you can't find something to eat......please!!!!A La Carte Restaurants: We chose, Chines, French (International), and Italian. Surprisingly... we found the Chinese restaurant to have the best ambience, service and food. But all were tasty. The Chinese and Italian restaurant have a romantic feel... the French restaurant does not... the lights are very bright. Drinks: The wine served with lunch and dinner is lacking. If you're a wine lover.... order a bottle at the A La Carte restaurants, they have a large selection and the prices are comparable to home. We enjoyed the large variety of frozen drinks offered.. as well as the simple rum and coke, vodka and orange juice etc. The resort also has a large supply of non-alcoholic drinks during meals and at the bar. For breakfast there is fresh fruit juice, coffee and a variety of tea (Twinings), green, lemon, peppermint, english breakfast, etc. There is soda (major brands coke, sprite, etc) available during lunch, dinner and snacks. Activities: To the people who found nothing to do.... stay home on your sofa and continue to be a couch potato. Vacation is what you make of it. There is always a volleyball game happening, beach games organized by the animation team, kayaking, catamaran, pool games, tennis, ping pong, badminton, daily areobic and stretching classes - all our located outside so you don't have to be indoors. There is also a games room, and a sports bar... what more do you want. Parasailing and tubing is also available but you have to pay for those particular activities. Animation Shows: We only went to one show... and weren't very impressed. We were bored to tears with the lack of imagination and talent... so we left at the end of the show and we didn't return.Disco: Was filled with staff and visitors. The focus is mainly on Latin music but is was fun. We let loose and got into the groove. Staff: The majority of the staff were very helpful, friendly and professional. I did have one negative experience with the ladies in the gift shop but I refused to let two miserable girls who obviously hate their jobs ruin my vacation. I just didn't go back into their shop... their loss!! Airline: We booked our vacation with Sunwing. This was a first time experience for us. We would definitley book with them in the future. The food on the plane was actually edible and the service was great. Our on-site Sunwing Rep Jennifer was so helpful. She even brought me sun tan lotion from home when I was running low... what service. LIke I said, vacation is what you make it. If you want to have a good time you will find a way to enjoy yourself. If not... why spend the money? Stay home and be miserable.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>luna15
<Content>Disappointed I returned last month from a trip to this resort and was very disappointed with my stay. The beaches in the Dominican Republic are beautiful and so were the beaches on the property at Paradise Bavarro. The accomodations were another matter. The room and all of the linens smelled of mildew. The beds and the linens were old and stained. The refrigerator was stocked with beverages but it was difficult to get simple things for the room. We had to go through a very long process to obtain an ironing board and iron. Once it was brought to our room, we were limited to a two hour use. The food at the hotel was terrible. I am not a picky eater, I generally find something I like to eat in every place that I travel to. This place was the exception. Most of the food was overcooked, oily, and salty. The meats were often very fatty or tough. The sausages and cold cuts tasted like they came out of a can. The food I did eat made me sick four of the five days that I was there. There wasn't much available to drink outside of the frozen mixed drinks. They didn't have normal mixers for the alcohol. They didn't have any cranberry juice or grapefruit juice available. It rained two days during our stay and there was not much to do at the property during inclimate weather. The activities staff was inexperienced and unimaginative. Most of the entertainment consisted of karoke performances. Most of the excursions outside the hotel were $75 and up and the majority of those involved water sports. I had a much better time in Jamaica and Mexico.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	4	2	5	2	2	

<Author>Jillybeans417
<Content>Beautiful place Our Family of eleven stayed from Nov. 11 to 16, 2006. The room was very nice and our maid service excellent. The Pools are beautiful but we liked the beach best. It is heavenly on the beach and the water is magnificent. We were not thrilled with the food but we did get excellent service at the buffet. Many selections. Breakfast was the best. We also had two nites at the restaurants that needed reservations. They are not prepared as well as the buffet and it was very comical in both of the restaurants. Service was not very good. The buffet was really the best bet for service and availablility. The staff was very kind to us. I would like to return. We did have one problem with ants in the room and we are still waiting for someone to come and take care of that problem. We made numerous calls to the front desk to no avail. The answer was always the same, we will send someone to the room. Other than that all was very nice.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>2	4	3	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Tannedtyme
<Content>great resort This was our first time in the Dominican Republic. We were a little apprehensive at first after reading the reviews, but went anyway. We were very happy with our choice. The resort is a four star for me mostly because of the service. Very friendly staff with the exception of the girls working the ONLY gift shop. They were very rude and made us feel as those they were doing us a favor waiting on us. They should be glad they have a job. If it we not for the poverty in that country, I would have spoken to the manager for they, and only they ,put a damper on our experience. The food is constant and very good considering the Island. The staff was very friendly, and the service was better than average. The rooms could be better, but they were acceptable. Over all, a trip is what you make it and this resort helped make it a fabulous time.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	4	3	3	4	1	

<Author>carribeanprincess
<Content>Paradise Indeed! My husband and I stayed at the Grand Paradise Oct 19-Nov2. The first couple of days it rained hard, but for the rest of our vacation the weather was perfect. Our stay at this resort was a wonderful experience. The staff were friendly, our rooms were kept clean and the food was fantastic! (Lots of variety). There was alot to do on the resort which was great, as some resorts it can get boring. We played foozeball, pool, beach volleyball, ping pong etc. There was also a discoteque and casino which we enjoy everyday. The staff are very energetic and get everyone involved and make you feel very comfortable. The beach was clean and the sand felt warm and soft. The pools are huge and were kept clean. In some reviews people said that the staff don't speak English. We had no problem with this, as most of them knew enough to understand and have conversation with us. Overall, we had no complaints about this resort and recommend it to all. At the end of our vacation, we made friends with the bartenders who would always great us with big smiles and gave exceptional service. Grand Paradise was like being in Paradise indeed!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>WorldTraveller
<Content>Unforgettable Vacation January 8-22, 2005We stayed for two weeks at the Grand Paradise Bavaro in 2005éˆ¥?I knowJ) It took me only almost two years to write the review but weéˆ¥æª™e always so much out of time. Some of the recent reviews though made me sit down and tell you about our experience. You have to have both sides. Our vacation was great; it was one of the best. Iéˆ¥æªe been to a lot of countries and stayed at 2,3,4,5 and 5++ hotels. Depending on the country I always know what to expect. Weéˆ¥æª™e normal people and we value the good service and we always make the best of any stop or vacation.Airport Punta CanaGreat service and the officers were very quick and polite. The band behind them was great. The bus was easy to find and the road and time to the hotel was not bad at all. Check-InWe arrived around 1 pm and there were about 40-60 people waiting. 10 min. later everyone was satisfied. They gave us room close to the reception with no ocean view whatsoever. I talked to the manager on duty and we got the best room on the second floor in the South building. RoomIt was very nice and clean room with cute yellow blankets. The fridge was stocked with pop and water. Washroom and bathtub were very clean and well organized with towels and soap. We used ours but anywayéˆ¥?The safe éˆ¥?no complains thereThe TV éˆ¥?I donéˆ¥æª› care much about it when Iéˆ¥æª“ in Paradise but it was ok. Enough channelsThe balcony was nice especially at night when you sit out and listen to the oceanWeatherWeather was great for two weeks. Just a nice afternoon rain for 2 to 10 min. in 3-4 days.Other than that the water was warm and the sun was hitting us hard.Resort The resort itself is very compact. Everythingéˆ¥æªš close by. Iéˆ¥æªe been to the Gran Bahia Principe which back then was the next resort to the right (Now thereéˆ¥æªš Majestic in between) but the Bahia is too spread out. Too far from everythingéˆ¥îš§nywayBack at Grand Paradiseéˆ¥î›šhe grounds were always clean. The pool was nice and not too crowded although a lot of games during the day were executed there. The games were on the side of the water polo net and the rest of the pool was good for swim or just lazy éˆ¥æ¸¨ith beer in your handéˆ¥?walk. RestaurantsPlenty of food the buffet was a nice stop through the whole day. The other restaurants were also good. No problem with reservations or waiting in line. There was one bar or restaurant that they were working on right on the beach. I donéˆ¥æª› know what happened there. It wasnéˆ¥æª› ready when we left. The sports bar was ok with not too much choice of food but crackers and popcorn. Overall the food was ok with no complains. Iéˆ¥æªe had better food inéˆ¥?letéˆ¥æªš say RIU in Jamaica but the choices in GPB were good for what we paid. Amsha Resorts are not so bad after all.The Fitness center was ok. I didnéˆ¥æª› spend too much there. Volleyball was better.BarsThe beach bars and the nightclub were so so. The beach bar by the pool I think is a bit small. It was always full of people. The other one by the restaurant on the South side was less crowded and we had a server bringing a full tray of drinks every 40 min J))) Just tip someone and wave the empty tray from the beach. Thatéˆ¥æªš the thing that this resort is missing éˆ¥?Swim-up pool bar. I hope theyéˆ¥æª’l do it in the future.Beach You canéˆ¥æª› go wrong there. The beach was amazing. A lot of shade, white sand and clear warm water. Overall the beach gets a full 10 with the cleanliness and the beach volleyball. Staff and EntertainmentYou start from the maid, through Kikoéˆ¥æªš entertainment crew and to the managementéˆ¥?everything was perfect!! They donéˆ¥æª› speak English very well but who cares? Itéˆ¥æªš a Spanish talking country. We speak a bit of Spanish, German, Italian and a lot of Russian and Bulgarian so we didnéˆ¥æª› have any problems. We found a lot and became friends with people from Canada, Hungary, Italy, US and England. For those who complain about the language éˆ¥?learn another language besides English. Youéˆ¥æª’l be surprised how many friends youéˆ¥æª’l make.The shows were good and we danced with some of the crew at the nightclub afterwards.If you participate in a lot of games you win a lot of rumJ))There were the 3 Italian guys from the entertainment crew. They were the best, funny and dedicated to the guestéˆ¥æªš comfort guys. OverallWe got a lot of friends, a lot of memories and a very good time. The vacation is what you make out of it. Iéˆ¥æª’l be back at this resort in a heartbeat. The only reason I will not be back in the near future is because we like to explore.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>breezygirl23
<Content>Pros        paradise  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>cmc1017
<Content>Loved It!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Felt Like Royalty.... My sister and I just returned from a week stay at the Grand Paradise, we were there to celebrate my 40th birthday. My god what can i say, We have no complaints regarding the hotel, the staff or the food everything was simply magnificent. We traveled to Puerto Plata a couple of years ago and the treatment we got here was simply wonderful. We felt like VIP. The staff was so friendly they really went out of their way to make us feel special. The day of my birthday we ate at the Cana grill it was lobster night WOW!!!!!!!!!!!!! delicious and they even brought out a chocalate cake (my favorite) and sang to me. It was unforgetable. I don't know why those other reviewers were complaining about the food, the food was delicious!!!!!!!!!! We did the Bavaro Expedition Tour let me tell you the tour guide was very nice but we thought they charged tooooo much money for what we actually got, which was not much we were on the road most of the time, so most of the day was spent traveling. So avoid this tour please. I would definately go back, in October of course it's less crowded.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>gabbey
<Content>Don't Forget to buy your travel insurance!!!!! This resort was recommended highly by co-workers and a family member. My husband and I so looked forward to our trip. It was the first holiday without our children in 15 years. Time to regroup and decompress. The only positive we found was the breathtaking beach. The staff were not warm and welcoming in the least! and Yes we tipped alot.! The food was gruesome. As another traveller so eloquently stated recycled. But it gets even better. Just let me say we never went anywhere outside of the resort and faithfully drank bottled water. Now it's up to you to join the dots. My husband became so violently ill he was hospitalized. I travelled home alone to care for our children while he remained in Punta Cana recouperating for a week. If it had not been for our extensive medical insurance this could have been a financial disaster as well. The stress we experienced was overwhelming. I discourage anyone from booking with this resort. If you do I strongly urge you to buy exstensive travel insurance.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>tyo
<Content>Don't Go!       The bed cover  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	3	1	

<Author>Pmamp
<Content>it was okay       another view from the room  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Stefeno
<Content>I reccommend you see the review and listen keenly       Princess Bavaro pics  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tieshamg
<Content>Would not go back... My husband and I went for our honeymoon. I have to say that i wasn't impressed at all. In fact I was sad that I was stuck there. First of all, they gave us a room with double beds after I repeatedly told them we were on our homeymoon. Also, all of the activities were done in Spanish and French which by the way, it seems that 90% of the tourist there are from Europe. We didn't have a good time at all. We made the best of it because there was really nothing we could do. If you're looking for a romantic vacation, this is not the place to go! The food was just ok. You get tired of it after a few days. This is the first placce that I've ever gone to that I wouldn't ever go back. Don't waste your time or money!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>leo-miami
<Content>We loved Gran paradise and we will return next year.               
<Date>Sep 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>italynchick
<Content>A vacation to forget! TWENTYFIVE YEARS we waited for this vacation!When my husband and I celebrated our Silver Anniversary we decided to book our 2nd honeymoon with another party going down to the Dominican Republic (Punta Cana, Grande Paradise Bavaro) to get married (my business partner ) with 27 of her guests....what a mistake.From the moment we arrived we were treated with disrespect, having to lug our own lugguge up the stairs to the reception area. At reception were were told our room was not ready and that we were to be in a room with twin beds. When booking this trip we stressed that it was our 25th Anniversary and that we wanted a king size bed, after much coercion he said that he would see what he could do...2 hours later they said our room was ready, our bellhop walked us to our room heping us with only one of our lugguage pieces, we carried the rest. When we got to the room the maid was still cleaning and mopping the soom, so we waited in the hall. Once inside the room my husband and looked around and noticed that the fridge was leaking on the loor and not cooling properly - the maid proceeded to madly (she was pissed!) take the fridge out and exchanged it with another fridge from a room down the hall.Everything seemed OK until we went to the Buffet to get something to eat - that was the beginning of a very close relationship with our toilet...During our stay...The food is disgusting and totally recycled! It's the same food every day and not many choices, the cheese is left out sweating all day, put away and put out again the next day (we didn't eat it even though we love cheese), the meat is tough, there was cream on everything to mask tastes, the deserts were all made out of mousse, we were told to say away from any dairy products before we got there because their milk is not pasteurized so there was not much we COULD EAT. We couldn't drink either, the glasses were only rinsed out between customers' uses with tap water and reused still wet, there was blue paint on the glasses that came from blue painted countertop and when we complained the bartender (by the way there was only one bartender at the pool to hundreds of guests) got mad and started rambling in Spanish and basically gave us the impression that it was our tough luck and if we wanted to drink we would have to accept it....The staff, Oh My God! - i've been around for a long time and I've never experienced such BAD customer service,-If you want anything don't bother tipping because even when you do it really doesn't get you any better service.-There is no service at the pool, if you are thirsty - get up and get it yourself.- There is no courtesy, you are asically treated like cattle, and there is nothering you can do about it if you don'[t speak their language,- When you go into their gift shop - if you're not a man you'll be ignored and they walk around as if their stoned and don't know what to do.- Towels are few and you are lucky if at the end of the day you have one for your shower.- The beds are not too bad but the sheets stink of cheese!- Nothing is explained to you so if you have never gone to a resort you will have no idea of what to do or where to go for activities.- The so called 24 hour food is a sports bar with popcorn and nachos.- We brought gifts such as toothpaste, soap, shampoo, body lotions, deodorants, toys etc. to leave on the bed for the maid as a thank you even though we never really saw her and we had to call to get towels and wait until the early evening to back to a clean room.Most of our vacation was spend in the lobby with our party complaining and or yelling about the horrendous service and lack of respect and hospitality. You'd think that living in such poverty and given the chance to work and get paid to work in such a nice environment they would at least give us (the paying customer who work for years to be able to go on a holiday such as this) the courtesy we deserve.It would have been nice to at least have the basics to sustain life - food and water...We wanted this trip to be special and memorable - IT WASN'T!!!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>aiacono
<Content>Great Holiday We had an enjoyable stay at the Gran Paradise Bavaro from August 5 -12. This was my first experience at any resort. After having read negative reviews on this site, I was terrified to go and packed all sorts of medications with me expecting the worst. Why do people write such negative reviews? Itéˆ¥æªš great to experience other parts of the world. Airport: Once you got through customs and got your suitcase, we looked for our tour facilitator, Nolitours. They were ready for us and had a bus waiting. Some people didnéˆ¥æª› know about the bus, so they probably took a cab, not necessary. The bus ride was about 40 min from the Punta Cana Airport. Airport is really interesting with hut roofs.Check-In: This took about 5 minutes and went very quickly and smoothly. Rafael checked us in. He speaks very well English, Italian, French, Spanish. The lobby was also quite impressive. There were no problems with luggage or going to our room. The bell boy takes your luggage to your room.Room: Very large, beautiful, and spacious. On your left is the bathroom with a closet and full length mirrors. Your safe is in the closet as well. Good idea to lock up your valuables and passports. The toilet and bathtub with shower are separate from the sink which makes it easier to use while the other is using mirror and hair dryer. Our room had two double beds with a sliding door to the balcony. The balcony had 2 chairs and a table, but we hardly used it except to hang up our towels. Our room was backing onto the Majestic Resort. Our TV had satellite with several English stations and we were actually kept informed with CNN so we didnéˆ¥æª› feel so remote from news. The maid made our rooms and replaced our towels and tidied up. It felt great to come back to a clean room every day. They always left flowers in the bathrooms. When we got there we had to ask for face towels, but then the maid knew to bring them. We tipped every day. They work very hard. A few dollars for us is a lot for them. If you donéˆ¥æª› speak Spanish, good idea to look up the basics you need to know to get the service you want. Theyéˆ¥æª™e was always bottled water and soft drinks in the fridge. Any time we called for something, they were always there to fix the problem. Food: The food is not horrible but excellent. There is definitely plenty to eat. Breakfast was great. Meet Pedro at the Omelet Station. He makes great omeletéˆ¥æªš. We had our lunches at the beach restaurant. There was always something quick to eat there. At dinner we had choice of 3 a la carte restaurants and buffets other night. The restaurants were very good, and the service was unbelievable. Everyone is very clean, well dressed, and very quick to get you what you want. Even though they say itéˆ¥æªš safe to eat salads and their fruits, I would recommend that you avoid the salads and have fruits you can peel.Drinks: We never drank the tap water. Only bottled water except to brush our teeth. I never had so many different drinks, Pina Colada, Strawberry Daquiri, banana mama, paradise surprise and many others. Resort: The resort is beautiful and very well kept. At first I thought that bigger is better, but then I was glad that we only had to take the shuttle to the show at night. The resort does have an extension on this side, but one had to take the shuttle every day to the beach. I was glad I was on the beach side. I met a few people who were not pleased with their rooms at the Club. The men and women are constantly working and cleaning around the clock. Everything is done with a machete which is interesting to watch when in Canada we see all yard work done with actual tools. . Pool/ Beach: We loved both. There is entertainment everyday at the beach, i.e. aerobics, volleyball, aqua-gym, table tennis and of course the various water sports some were included and some were extra. Both the pool and beach were very clean, and the water is very warm. We went to both everyday. We would get a lounge chair at either the beach or pool leave our stuff and switch back and forth between swimming at both. Theyéˆ¥æª™e were plenty of chairs, but we would reserve the umbrellas by the pool or huts on the beach. We were always there before 9:00 a.m. Weather: Very warm and party cloudy everyday. When it rained it was towards the end of the day and the sun was out again. I used between 45 and 30 sunscreen. Shows: Theyéˆ¥æª™e was a show every night. At night we went to the show, which was great, the Amhsa Marina Dance team does a great job and they try really hard. The dancers were awesome. Iéˆ¥æªe been on a cruise and I found that the talent was far better without all the glamour.Animation Team: Fantastic and so friendly. The beach animation group worked so hard in getting people involved in the games. There was a great group from Italy. Sa Sa (short for Salvatore) from Napoli was just so nice along with the rest, Andrea, Nancy and Maria Suore. If you see them tell them their names were on the reviews. Fantastic group. And then there was Miguel, Liso and Polito. They were great with teenagers.Language: Good idea to bring along your dictionaries. WIthout any spanish at all you may have a slight problem nothing major. We met lots of Europeans and I enjoyed meeting people from different parts of the world. For the most part I found other travelers to be friendly. Since I speak Italian and French, it was nice to speak with them.I would definitely return, but I would be more careful with the water next time (pool, salads, showers). There is bacteria in their water that we are not used to. Theyéˆ¥æª™e were a few sick people on our resort, but then at the airport met others from other resorts (also 5 star resorts) who had similar mishaps. So go and have fun.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>momsthequeen
<Content>Great Value! Thoroughly enjoyed our experience!       sunrise  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>thirdgradeteacher
<Content>Not what I expected!! What can I say. This is the third year that my family and I have stayed at this hotel. We were at the Grand Paradise Bavaro from August 15th- 24th. To make a very long story brief, the hospitality at this hotel has changed. Upon arriving their was a problem with our room. They sent us down to their club . We had booked a garden view room at the main building. After arriving their at 1:30pm, we were not settled in our room until 5pm that evening. We were not happy at all! As we got settled in our room, the lights were extremely dim. When I checked the bulb wattage it was only 15 watts! When I called the front desk about that, they said all of the rooms are like that.  So I decided to take a nap. When I turned the bedspread over , it was completely covered in MOLD! I called the front desk and complained. They never sent anyone to replace the bedspread. So I slept with only the flat sheet. The maids were extremely rude. Whenever you asked them for towels, shampoo etc...they would reply very rudely, MAS TARDE! We were there for 10 days and we had diarrahea for 2 straight days. If we didnt have immodium with us, we probably would have had to go to the hospital. We brought our own water down from New York.(packed in our luggage) so we were able to stay hydrated. They are supposed to leave soft drinks in your refrigerator. Each day we had to ask them to replenish what was used. The hospitality as I said was totally not the same. In my own personal opinion, it looks like the hotel is going through a transformation like it is going to be bought out by another hotel. You never know.  There is a kids club. The workers would bring the children to the kiddy pool daily but that didnt mean that they were keeping a watchful eye on them. While the children were in the pool, they were mingling with the guests. They are supposed to be watching the children in the water. I was not satisfied with my stay this year. After being there fro 5 days, I was ready to come home! I would not stay at this hotel again, nor will any of my family members. If you have booked this hotel and or thinking about booking this hotel, book it with caution. When you spend thousands of dollars on a a vacation, it should be comfortable and satisfying from the beginning to the end!!Not happy from the Bronx  
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>siscodeb
<Content>Vacation from Hell I have just returned home from vacation in Punta Cana. We stayed at the Grand Paradise Bavaro Resort. Check-in seemed well controlled, quick and efficient. We were on our to the room and advised to go to lunch first and our bags would be delivered.Things were going along smoothly. We went swimming at the pool, snacked and enjoyed a few drinks and music. We went to the room and as promised, our luggage was there. Excited, we cleaned up and set out to explore and enjoyed our first few hours.At the end of the night, we returned to the room tired so we went to bed. During the middle of the night my daughter got up to go to the bathroom and found cockroaches roaming freely about the room. Management informed us that this happens on occasion and their plan was to fumigate immediately. They kept their promise and fumigated several times over the next few days. I suppose one might think this great, fumigate and problem solved, however, many vacationers refused and so, the bugs continued to present themselves in the rooms and later, in the restaurants. They were probably already there anyway, however, it is pretty gross to watch them crawl near the food you plan to ingest, never mind your children and grandchildren. My daughter and granddaughter are both ASTHMATIC. Shortly thereafter, each of us became sick with vomiting and diarrhea. These symptons did not belong to us alone, many other vacationers were sick and complaining about the resort. With someone sick and in bed every other day, we discovered that there was no way to turn on the TV and there was no remote. Management told us it was our responsibility to request it. We eventually got a remote.Housekeeping did not provide faceclothes daily and when we did get them, it was not enough for the four of us. I discovered quickly however, if I paid the housekeeper on the side, we could get an adequate supply regularly without asking. The resort provided entertainment but that info as to it's whereabouts remained unknown to us for 6 out of the 8 days. Waiters told us to get our own water. The food was plentiful but poorly prepared. The quality and standards were very limited and unfortunately distasteful. I went here with my family using my timeshare through what I thought was reliable in their listings-their recommendation, in fact, never again. This is definitely not an apprporiate resort for families feeding children or families with concerns for the safety of their children. Cockroaches carry disease and germs. Also note, they have a Kids Club that offers parents a little respite several times throughout the day. Avoid it at all cost. There were 8-10 children assigned to one person and they brought them to the 2 ft pool, which is right next to the 5ft lagoon pool for swimmers, this in and of itself is not an issue if your child can swim and does not require constant supervision and is not 6 years old or younger. The counselor sat with her girlfriends, often with her back to the children, talking much of the time and did not engage the children in any activities. They may as well been alone. This is a complete turn off for someone considering using the Kids Club, NO LIFEGUARDS,. Eventually, I observed a young child hit his head in the pool and gain a big knot on his head. Scary business. The one and only thing I can say about this trip is that the BEACH is beautiful and requires no intervention on the part of Management.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lisa22656
<Content>Loved It This was a wonderful place for a honeymoon!! We had soooo much fun! The rooms were nice they kept our fridge stocke *DONT DRINK THE SINK WATER*!!!! they give you gallons of water to brush your teeth and drink. I wouldnt trade that trip for anything in the world!! I love the GPB.Lisa from VA  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Claudia69
<Content>Great value for money It's hard to find a better value in the Bavaro area.Keep in mind this is a 4 star hotel, so don't expects the services and amenities of 5 star hotels. Having said so, the place is great:beach is huge , you can walk for hours on both the left and right sides from the resort. On the left side, after a short walk and a couple of more resorts, the beach becomes unspoiled (apart from the palms). The hotel lagoon pools are very large and pleasant too, and well-kept. Though we were there at peak season, we never had problems finding sun beds on the beach or near the pool. There's a number of bars and restaurants, and large quantities of food of good quality. Food and drinks are available at any time of the day and night. Very importanlty, none of us had any stomach problem during the stay at the hotel (which we heard happens quite often at hotels in the Bavaro Area). I really do not understand why people give bad reviews to the food of this hotel. I don't think any 4 star hotel that caters for some thousands of people can provide a better service. Critical aspects: most of the restaurants of the hotel are overbooked, and we could not get a reservation at the Italian and Fish restaurant. Rooms are placed on both sides of long corridors, that amplify noises, especially door shuts.Most relevant criticality: the hotel has an Appendix, called The Club which is 1/2 mile from the sea, and connected to the main complex by a bus. Not a long ride, still it might be very uncomfortable and unpleasant to take a bus to go to your room , especially at night, when waiting time is longer.Ask for a written confirmation that you are staying at the Grand Paradise and not at The Club.If you make it to the Grand Paradise (and not to The Club) this is gonna be a great vacation.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	2	2	

<Author>Frankyboy
<Content>Its REALLY the paradise hotel       Clear water in punta cana  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Yo2
<Content>Needs standardisation Food is poor, especially the meat and fish. There is no constant quality, One cannot discover a pattern in the service, I believe due to a lack of stardardisation within the hotel or even the hotel group. Some of the personel is trying, some are not. Sometimes service is really poor, sometimes it is suddenly OK. Efficiency is really bad. The management should hire a RIU manager to bring solid and uniform standards to this hotel (group). The physical environment is perfect however. Would not go here again, although the price was fine. A couple with 2 kids from Holland.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	2	2	2	

<Author>Palm_Tree_Pam
<Content>Run while you still can! I am a very relaxed traveler and have slept on many an airport, boat and hostel floor. The only difference was that in those cases I knew what I was getting in to. This resort is in no way a 4 star resort. A 2 star or 2.5 star rating would be much more accurate, but with no governing body to oversee these ratings, they can get away with it. When we looked in to switching resorts, one of the staff members even admitted that this was one of the worst resorts on the strip, but said it was too far in to our stay to switch.I am 29 years old and took this trip with a 29 year old female friend. Some reasons we do not recommend this resort:- bed bugs- toilet problems- finding cutlery at each meal was a challenge- finding coffee cups was a challenge- couldn't find a seat in the shade - either at the pool or the beach - because they were all reserved before 9 a.m.- cockroaches in the dining room- not a single blender was used to make blended drinks- the male staff were far too touchy-feelyPeople say that Cuban resorts are bad, but I spent most of the week dreaming of my last trip to Cuba and wishing I were there.The only thing that saved us was the beautiful water and a fun, like-minded group of people we met.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>2	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>momofwildboy
<Content>Horrible Communication between staff and guests First of all, all should know that there is an annex to this hotel, called the Club. In order to get to the beach when staying at the Club, one must take the Tram Car! It's only about 3 minutes, but we would have preferred the main hotel. Trying to switch was impossible due to language barriers. When staying at the Club, be aware that you are staying with a majority of French, with French DJ's who have absolutely no respect for any other country visiting. Their selection of the few American songs they played had vulgur language not acceptable for children. When I approached them, they suggested that I bring it up to the Front Desk, since the French didn't seem to mind!!!Hotel problems right from the start. Locked out of our room. Leaving us outside waiting for help...and in Punta Cana time, that was for quite awhile! Our toilet tank blew a gasket also....If it wasnt for my husband who shut the water off, that room would have been flooded. On a good note there, they gave us 2 more coupons for dinner and some rum and fruit in our room. They tried!!The staff really should try to learn better English. They look right at you and seem to understand, but really don't!! We were getting the feeling that they didn't care also!! Believe me, there were a few exceptions, though. I really don't think that I should have to tip staff the first time I ask for water! Bring it to me correctly and believe me, you will be gratified!! Despite the lizard/snake that fell out of the tree on the tram at night and landed on me, it wasn't too bad.BUT, my family will go back to Punta Cana, BUT not Grand Paradise.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>JaneDoe2
<Content>Pro's and Con's Pro's: InexpensiveExcellent food, especially in the Asian RestaurantFriendly workers who try to please (but not enough to meet the demands of the crowds)Beautiful, clean beaches and ocean- better than CancunClean rooms and public restroomsCon's:Very, very hotLong shuttle ride between hotel and airport;Shower not working (although they did get the part and fixed within 1/2 hour);Long wait for clean towels;Too crowded at buffets, few empty tables, and no help to find place to sit;Too crowded at pool, difficult to get get lounge chair or umbrella;Too loud and noisy during the evening: vacationers yelling, doors slamming;Long lines to make reservations for special restaurants (be prepared to spend 1-2 hours waiting);Evening shows presented in French and late (10:00PM);Limited variety of alcoholic beverages; frequently ran out of diet coke;Poor advertisement of off-resort trips and excursions (ask at the desk- they offered some good deals, but we became aware of them as we were going home);Travel agency representative gave selected information benefitting his offers; misinformation about time of departure (waited two hours in lobby for taxi to airport)I would definitely go back to Punta Cana, but I would select a smaller resort, and not go in the summertime.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Yenis
<Content>Horrible Experience, Terrible Service Our experience was the worst. As soon as we got to the hotel, they took us to the wrong place. We were supposed to stay at Grand Paradise and instead they took us to The Club because apparently they didnéˆ¥æª› have any rooms available for us and our group (69 people total), eventhough we had made the reservation 6 months in advance. The Club was about 7 minutes (walking) or 3 minutes (taking the little train) from Grand Paradise, which was the main hotel and where most activities and restaurants were located. At The Club, all the activities were for the French and there was only one restaurant.The rooms at The Club were a disaster. Bad smell, leaky toilet, poor lighting, no decorations in the room, no AC, not enough towels, etc. We had to change rooms because some of these conditions were not appropriate for our nine months old baby. The second room we got did not smell as bad as the first one, but the AC did not work. Even though my husband and I complained again about our room, no other room was given to us. Bad service at this hotel is taken to another level. It is TERRIBLE!!!! They didnéˆ¥æª› even take into consideration the fact that we had a baby.The restaurants were just as bad and so was the service. We got sick the very first day. There was no bottled water and many of the food you order a la carte they didnéˆ¥æª› have. So what was the point of making reservations if you went to the restaurants and they didnéˆ¥æª› have what you wanted to eat? Service at the buffet was bad. The first time we went to eat there, we didnéˆ¥æª› even have forks in our table. Even after we asked for them, we still didnéˆ¥æª› get them. The same thing happened when we asked for the drinks. Itéˆ¥æªš not the language because I speak Spanish fluently, Spanish is my first language, and itéˆ¥æªš not the tipping part either because we tipped. BAD SERVICE, thatéˆ¥æªš what itéˆ¥æªš called.Neither my husband nor I, nor anyone from our group would recommend this hotel to anybody.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>katarinares
<Content>Most Amazing Vacation Ever!       horseback riding,a must!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Cristina87
<Content>Absolutely Amazing!!!!       us by the pool  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JerseyGirlNo9
<Content>Great Resort for the Money       La Cana  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kittensoft1390
<Content>holy prissy people writting negative reviews!!! I cannot believe the ignorance of some people visiting third world countries...first of all, music in the disco will be the music being played in that country at that time...so they might not have the latest hit from Justin Timberlake or Riyanna and yes, the music most like be to a latin beat...you are in the carribean...!!Second, the food at the buffet is exactly that...buffet. Meaning made in big portions. Think you could do better? then AI trips are not for you!! Some people expect top of the line roast beefs and filet mignons...come on!!! Those that say the food was horrible have obviously been born with a gold spoon in their mouth...and a personal chef! The point here is that you are not cooking, no cleaning dishes, so stop complaining!Third, service is fine. Do you know how many people ask them for things? Those poor maids that get bombarded daily with hundreds and hundreds of people saying can i have more of this? and can i have more of that? ...and not always in a friendly tone! They put up with a lot, and sometimes they don't understand English 'cause...they're not english! If you want canadian/american/british tasting food, with english personnel, and english music...then I cannot understand why you even take the time to travel so far. If they come to Canada or the States or Europe, do you think they'll go home and write bad reviews 'cause they weren't served in Spanish and 'cause the food was too different?? Come on people, open mind and open heart...they work hard, at minimal pay, and deserve our respect...  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>j_d_wald45
<Content>Great Vacation Just got back from a wonderful time at Grand Paradise, I was almost dreading my vacation after reading all the bad reviews. I have learned now not to pay any attention to the reviews. The resort was wonderful, the room was very clean, staff was friendly in their on way, what I mean is they tried very hard to help you in anyway they could even if they didn't understand everything you was saying. The food was great at the buffet, I ate there three times a day but I do agree with the person that was talking about it being very hot though. The beaches and pools were wonderful, I would go back to Grand Paradise anytime. I had a wonderful time.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>debifl
<Content>Mixed feelings I read all the reviews before we went on our vacation. So I was prepared and brought all of the pepto, wash cloths ect. Arriving at the airport the porters come at you from all directions, you have to be prepared to pay $10. Us dollars each to get in and walk 25 feet whata racket and then they take your photo. We got to the transportation desk and went to the hotel, uneventful. Upon checking that wasnéˆ¥æª› so bad, pay the $20 for a room safe, and they gave us tickets for the restaurants, I wasnéˆ¥æª› sure what to do with them:0 We got to our room in the 6000 building; itéˆ¥æªš your basic room with a bathroom and a bed. Do you really need more on a vacation? I mean this is a 3 star hotel, not the Ritz by any means. However at night itéˆ¥æªš so loud from doors being shut!!We changed and went to find something to eat, that didnéˆ¥æª› happen at 3pm. I have been to several All-inclusive should mean food at anytime; they have an open air snack area which serves pizza, hamburgers and chicken. You have to wait about 20 minutes for the pizza to come out and itéˆ¥æªš very small, so thought you could take the whole thing OOPS! If youéˆ¥æª™e hungry itéˆ¥æªš food. The chicken is not bad as long as you wait again for fresh chicken. It sits out all day, YUK! We decided to go to the pool and get towels. Do NOT turn in your towel at the end of the day! Hang it outside to dry, because they donéˆ¥æª› open until 9am in the morning. Then the chances of getting one are slim on some days. Another traveler said you have to get up early to get a spot at the beach or the pool, she wasnéˆ¥æª› kidding! You can get one but you have to hunt around for 2 chairs together. We found that the chairs are not in the best shape, oh well.The beach was beautiful; I have seen better but it was nice. Some women go topless, and yes you have guys taking photos. Itéˆ¥æªš kind of funny to know youéˆ¥æª™e going to be in their vacation photosJ I would say less than 10% went topless and I only saw one woman at the pool. If youéˆ¥æª™e a scuba diver, which I am, another guest just coming back from diving said donéˆ¥æª› bother, so I didnéˆ¥æª›. Tip: get up early before breakfast and mark your spot at the beach or the pool and go topless! Have fun you canéˆ¥æª› do that in the US.The tickets for dinner: You have to wait on line early in the morning to make your reservations for the entire stay. The line was about 45 minutes to get up to the table and find out that they only have the Chinese available! I think, she humored me and gave us reservations for le mendure at the other property, of course I didnéˆ¥æª› realize she gave it to me on a night past our vacation, when we showed up, the guy was rude! Finally I said to him HOW MUCH $$$ 5.00 got us in for semi descent food. The Chinese food donéˆ¥æª› bother we walked out after eating such little food, a Childs portion!The Buffet: The bread is great and chicken and rice of course. Other than that dinner and lunch was awful. Iéˆ¥æª“ a picky eater but my boyfriend is not and he said it was bland. Other guest we met started teasing me about the food until one night it was down right awful and some how they started seeing things my way lolBREAKFAST is the best, so eat big. Be prepared to wait for drinks at all times. The staff could care less if you needed something.Room: The maid was very nice I tipped her $3. A day and went to the dollar store before we left to get little things for her kids. It went a long way and we had cold a/c stocked fridge ect. Showers are luke warm. Yes itéˆ¥æªš dim but do you really care? Tip: On our last day we saw a guest going back to his room with a water jug filled with beer! Great idea!! Drinks: You only have one beer selection big deal, get over it. The pool bar is great, and the fruity drinks are fine. Tip well they work hard and I brought an insulted bottle and they filled it with the drink of my choice. Whisky Sours are great and the other frozen drinks as well.Excursions: We went on the 3-hour horse back riding trip. It was great!!! Be prepared for several things: Ladies, bring towels to put between you the saddle, thatéˆ¥æªš what I learned after riding in shorts in Belize. The other women on the trip where in pain, I felt so bad. The children come out from the huts begging for money, donéˆ¥æª› do it! They take you to the beach, for about 20 minutes itéˆ¥æªš nice and kids sell beer. Well worth it! The club at the hotel can be good or bad. Ask about the club thatéˆ¥æªš about 20 minutes away, theyéˆ¥æª’l get you a taxi and itéˆ¥æªš a regular nightclub and fun!! The shows are cute but sitting plastic outdoor chairs get uncomfortable. They do have lots of activates for the kids and adults during the day. Which is nice.Guest: Everyone is so friendly; I mean youéˆ¥æª™e on vacation, right? Lots of Spanish guest will translate for you. My Spanish is enough to get by, but it really was really nice for my boyfriend. We spoke with so many guests that said they go sick; I was getting nervous, I mean we didnéˆ¥æª› get sick so far. Until my boyfriend got sick and spent the last 2 days in bed! So much for the romance! They have some kind of solution that they will make for you at the bar, to drink and your suppose to feel better. It works for some of the guest, not him. Then I got sick on the way home, it was a long strange trip!Why we will never return! Once you leave your building they come at you from everywhere trying to get you to buy into the vacation time-share. I had to get down right rude and tell them to leave me alone! Then they worked on my boyfriend till he finally said he would never ever come back to this dump again. Tip: Tell them you bought one last year and they will leave you alone. Thatéˆ¥æªš what another guest told us to do.We went with $200. in cash and spent it on tipping everyone! I would go back to Cancun in a heartbeat. I never got sick there and didnéˆ¥æª› have to tip everyone under the sun; you donéˆ¥æª› have to make reservations to eat at any of the hotel restaurants. Itéˆ¥æªš also about the same price. However, if your looking for a cheap get away take your chances. Some guest had a blast and didnéˆ¥æª› get sick and others did.We did have fun, donéˆ¥æª› get me wrong but be prepared for these things, and make the best of it. For Americans who are expecting a lot donéˆ¥æª› stay here, I mean itéˆ¥æªš 3 stars maybe, not 4 at all. I have been traveling all my life so I know the difference.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>cattag
<Content>Was not impressed Not usually one to leave negative reviews, but this was the worst vacation ever. I call this one an experience instead of a vacation. Stayed at the Club which not anywhere near the ocean. You have to take a shuttle to the main resort. Overall, the staff was rude and did not know much about customer service. We have a family of four and were with another family of four. Everyone ended up getting sick from the food. We all lost weight on this trip...the hard way! Food is bad, bad, bad. I would have paid $50 for a jar of peanut butter to feed my children. I did pay $12 for a bottle of Pepto. $4 for a can of pringles. Bag of chips is $5. Sunscreen is $15-$20. Stay as far away from this one as possible!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>1	2	3	1	3	2	1	3	

<Author>sjd1
<Content>"Paridise" Well we've just got back from 2 weeks at the grand paridie and we loved it.I read alot of reveiws about this hotel before i went and to be honest we were abit worried about it but we thought we would make our own decision about it, im so glad we did.Me, my boyfriend and our 2 children had an absoloutly fantastic 2 weeks at the grand paridise. The people are some of the nicest people we have ever met, the rooms were very clean and accomadating and there was plenty of delisious food. I dont know what some of the other people who have been here was complaining about.We would defently go back here it is beautiful!!!!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>billman
<Content>Ignore the bad comments! Everone who says this resort sucks are a bunch of high rolers that think a 3rd world country will offer them the same as north america. First of all if ur going away for the food either ur obese or dumb 2 think that the food will taste the same as home. U GO AWAY FOR THE BEACHES AND THE CULTURE-and yes the staff may not speek english but ur in dominican-if they came to visit Canada would u know how to serve them in spanish? Im a 25 year old male that has travled a bit and found this to be a grate resort- trust me when I say its a Grate resort.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>beach2bmine
<Content>Fabulous Trip We recently traveled to the Grande Paradise. I was skeptical after reading so many negative reviews. I really hated to think of what I might be getting myself into. But I decided to go with an open mind as I believe that anywhere I travel is going to be a beautiful experience if I give it a chance and any place away from home and work can't be all that bad. We were not disappointed. Negatives reviews must be written by people who expect way more than what they are paying for. How could this beach be described as anything but magical. The review that said there were rocks everywhere must not have been in the water at Grand Paradise. There are so few rocks, you actually have to look for them and absolutely no shells. Plenty of chairs and cabanas for shade. The water is so clear it is unbelievable. The breeze blows all the time so it was very comfortable. Alot of topless women, but hey, try it because you can, and enjoy how liberating it feels!The staff are all pretty friendly. I agree that if you speak Spanish they are more friendly and usually serve them first at the bars. Lots of Europeans, but they all speak English, can you speak French or Italian or Spanish? Very friendly and alot of fun to talk with. Not much selection on drinks or alcohol. Rum is good if you like sweet fruity drinks, beer is good but only one selection.No much in the way of activities in the evening. Never went to a show as they all started at 9:30 and after a day of fun in the sun and drinking, was pretty worn out and didn't really want to sit in an uncomfortable chair to watch a show. Lights are very, very dim. What can you do. After a day of very bright light and heat, dim is not so bad on the eyes when relaxing in the room. Can't read in there but do that on the beach. At least the light over the sink was the brightest. Food at the buffet was good. I loved the European flair of meats, cheeses, pates and breads! Fruit at every meal. There was always something to eat that I liked. Only complaint is that there was NO A/C in the buffet dining room for the first 2 or 3 days. At least that is what it felt like. It was so hot that you either didn't feel like eating or ate very fast to get out of there. Went to 3 of the al a carte resturants, Sea Scape, La Cana and Italian. Don't waste your money on the Lobster night. The lobster is grilled, very little of it and it was dried out and burnt. The only one that I would recommend is the Italian. The most amazing Italian food ever. I agree that there is not food 24 hours a day and wanting anything to eat besides popcorn and nachos outside of dining hours is not going to happen. But you can always take food from the buffet back to your room and put it in the frig. Walking on the beach in either direction is so amazing. I just couldn't get enough of the views. So take your trip, if you like to relax, look at the most amazing beach, water and surroundings, remembing what it cost and know that if you are expecting more than what is offered at this resort that you will have to pay for it. If you are an uptight high maintenance person maybe another resort would better suit you.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>halljosephjr
<Content>Not so bad... I went with the expectations of a horrible experience because of the reviews, but it wasn't so bad... The facilities were nice but the areas of concern are the lighting in the rooms and restaurants...too dark, the service at the hotel was put off-ish, passing the buck. For a better time, take stomach medicine and your own towels. I would return....  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jerryoc
<Content>If your considering Punta Cana, I suggest Mexico The beaches and the Ocean Water in the Republic of Dominican are wonderful, everything else -----. When you get off the plane, be prepared to spend $10.00 American for a Government Tourest Card, after you survive the shuttle ride to your Hotel, you will need a drink, better make it BEER, if you have a drink with the ice, you will be sending hersey squirts on the porcelain phone. Four Star hotels there will rival the finest interstate flea bags in the US, if you want a great relaxing beach stay, with beautiful weather and water, bring your own booze and ice machine with bottled water, and you will have a great stay. If you stay at this Hotel, the only restruants worth the long line to make a reservation are the Italian and the French, otherwise the buffet or a can a spam. OK let me be fair, there more then the beach and the ocean water, the cigars and the beer are pretty good also, but thats it, but all adventures are good, you will not go here twice.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>packthebags
<Content>Was a so - so vacation I was really expecting a fantastic trip, however, came back disappointed after just a so so trip. We stayed for a week (Tuesday through Tuesday) Our room was great, king bed, ocean view. Only problem was you need to ask if you want wash cloths. Always had pop and gallon jug of water in room for us. Was very upset about making reservations for restaurants. Found out that you need to make them immediately when you get there in order to get to eat in speciality restaurants. We thought like another resort we stayed at that you could just call that morning and get reservations for that night. They only book one setting for each table ( and restraunts are not that big)every night which does not take long to fill a night and service very slow. We were upset because we could not get any night reservations for the week we were there until the night before we left. I really felt sorry for people who came just for weekend. We went to guest relations and the gentleman there was very nice and was able to get us into the steak house that night. Yes, there is definately a language barrarier. MOST people will try to communicate with you except for the people in the gift shop. They will not budge or give you any change for your money after a purchase. The Club side was much quieter and more laid back with pool bar (even had better liquor on Club side) and padded lounge chairs, however, caters to the french. Also they will not let you eat in the restrurant on the Club side unless you are staying there. (which is mostly French). They have a nice breakfast and lunch menu if you are lucky enough to use it. One couple with a child was seated and then were asked to leave because they had the wrong colored wrist bands on, but if you stay on that side you can eat anywhere. Was tired of buffet by end of week, especially breakfast. They ran out of many of the favorite cereals and a few other items. Pizza was supposed to be available for lunch at cafe, but they would only bring out 4 small ones at a time and took forever to wait in line to get some. (I'm talkling about a half hour). There is not food available all the time unless you like popcorn and nachos because that is all they have 24 hours. From 3:00 until about 6:30 is was difficult to find anything to eat. The shows were good but again, on beach side show was in spanish and english and on club side show was in french. Two different kids programs, one for beach side and a French one for Club side. As I said French were catered to alot. If you want beach towels be sure to get there at 9:00 when they open because by 11:00 they are out and usually don't get anymore until maybe 3:00 (if then). Also they had people trying to sell vacation clubs that hounded you whenever you were in center section between 9 and 5. Just tell them you bought one 2 years ago. Saw several people that had gotten cut by stepping on glass so wear shoes on beach too. They use glass glasses at bars which seems silly. Had a wedding one night and they closed 3 speciality restraunts to host wedding, made for a major run buffet. It seemed like the earlier you went to buffets the better chance you had to get a better selection of food. Pools closed at 7:00 which seemed kind of early. Lighting very poor, my husband had to take menu in the restroom one night to get enough light to read it. Suggest you bring a small flashlight with you. Oh yes, also bring a clock there are none to be seen anywhere. When we did have diffficulty with room they did come repair it same day. We had trouble with air conditioning, room would never cool down. (You need to leave room key in box to get it to stay on. ) We got an extra key and left it in box at all times and then room got cool. Met many people from the US that were staying there and most had same feelings that we had. Can say been there done that but glad to be home. I would have liked to enjoyed it more for the money we paid.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>abacaxi
<Content>not-so-Grand-but-still-Paradise-Bavaro.....had a great time. Okay.....just returned from the Grand Paradise Bavaro. First things first...I am relaxed, tan and completely diarrhea free (and was for the entire trip). I had a great time. I think some of these negative reviews are by unreasonable tourists that either don't know how to have a good time, or were not realistic in what a three star hotel should look like. Please note that I am also American (important if you've been scared off by some of the THIS PLACE IS NOT FOR AMERICANS/AMERICANS DON'T GO posts). This place IS heavily populated by Europeans, so if you have a problem with that or are expecting American norms to apply, you should go ahead and book your trip to Kansas, lounge at the pool at the Howard Johnson and let that be the extent of your exotic travels.Prior to going on this trip (July 13-18th) I had gotten really freaked by some of the reviews, and was busily shopping for water purification tablets, mosquito netting, prophylactic antibiotics and wondering how I was going to pack my own sheets, towels and light bulbs as well as food and water for five days. In fact, for a few days prior to the trip, I was actually dreading my vacation (so many horror stories and reviews). Finally, I realized all my worrying was just dumb; my friend and I made up our minds that we were going to have a great time. I ended up just loading up on pepto (go to the CDC website for info on using pepto just-in-case to prevent travellers diarrhea)...it gave me great peace of mind. So...on to the good news. This place is a nice place to have a great trip, provided you are not expecting a 4 or 5 star experience.The rooms are clean; we had hot water, towels and fantabulous airconditioning. Our fridge was stocked with Coke, Sprite and a big jug of bottled water. The rooms are basic, and if tiny holes in the curtains or dust ruffles are going to --- you off.....try another hotel. Otherwise, bring your own lightbulbs or flashlights....the rooms ARE really dark....once the sun sets, the room is pretty dim, even with every lamp on. We did leave two dollars for the maid each day....why not? The hotel is clean....so I think you could go either way with tipping housekeeping. No theft, but we did pay for the room safe and had small locks on our suitcases....better safe than sorry...and that doesn't just apply in the Dominican Republic, right? The beach.....wonderful. Plenty of huts for shade, lots of chairs (although you will want to browse around....some of the chairs look like there is a 300 lb person in them even while empty). We did put our towels down before breakfast...but I am pretty manaical about my spot on the beach; people around us were coming and going, and there didn't seem to be a shortage of huts or chairs. Waves are gentle, water clear and unlike some of the other hotels on the strip, you don't have a hike to get to the water. From the hotel's beach, you can pass other hotel beaches, and I noticed that our water had less sea debris in it.....which was nice. Note....if you turn your towel in in the afternoon, you might not be able to get another, they run out sometimes. The staff.....okay. Honestly, if you speak spanish, you will fare better (but please note...you are a guest in a spanish speaking country). People are friendly enough, but if you are expecting someone to fawn over you and smile non stop, you might not be happy. Otherwise, no problems....people do try to accomodate you, and the front desk people do speak english.....less likely in the restaurants.The food. I don't want to say disgusting/horrible....because I didn't ever go hungry, but, there is a fair amount of bizarre and revolting looking dishes served. The food, in my opinion, is the least appealing aspect of this hotel. Breakfast is your best bet...fill up then, and you'll be okay with hunting around for the rest of the meals. Again, I didn't starve, but there were a few meals (dinner mostly) that were mostly fruit and bread based. My friend had better luck than I did....but neither one of us are really picky eaters (so if you are....all inclusive might not really be your best bet, because honestly, most really don' t ever have fabulous food). We didn't go to the specialty restaurants....the idea of eating asian influenced food when the basics looked sorta gross didn't seem like a smart move. The service in the restaurants ranges from fast hey...where'd my plate go to slow why are all the waiters sitting down taking a break. Getting a drink is probably the hardest thing. No, sorry. Getting a drink refill is the hardest thing. What usually happens is that your empty glass is whisked away by one of the singing waiters and never replaced.....so, don't guzzle, thinking that you will get instant refill. We didn't really tip at dinner, mostly because at the buffet at least, your service is not personalized, but consists of various people sweeping your empty plates off the table. Note....leave something small on the table so other guests can see that it is occupied. Too often people would get up for a fresh plate/second round and find that their table had been reseated with new guests. In final....would I go back? I'd rather try one of the other hotels....just because there are so many other experiences to be had. Nothing about the hotel made me want to make it my only destination in Punta Cana. Maybe after trying other hotels I'd grow to love this place enough to return season after season, but I like variety. This place is truly nothing special, but if you aren't picky, born to complain and know that a good time isn't always predicated on one thing....you'll do fine. I love being by the water, and didn't require much in terms of the hotel. The beach is wonderful, what I was hoping for, so I had a great time. I wouldn't steer anyone away from this hotel, but would recommend that you be sure of what you can and can't tolerate in terms of your accomodations. Do not go here if you are expecting to be treated like royalty, or have hopes of paying low budget prices for a surprise five star gem. The Grand Paradise Bavaro is a standard three star hotel with basic amenities, average staff and a lovely beach. Go...and don't be afraid.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Its What You Make Of It ! Starting off with when we came here, the bag boy was prettty rude, and didnt speak any English at all, and was muttering something in French. Then we asked him to take the bags down the stairs, but he just turned away, and went to someone who gave him a tip! The room is okay, nothing luxurious, but it was always clean and the maid cleaned it very thouroughly every day. We gave the maid just one tip, and she did a great job. We didn't have any pproblems with towels. *We didn't have hot water for about 3 days at the beginning, but then we got the hot water, and there were no problems .*The food in the buffet is really good. There are different themes each night, like Spanish, German, Dominican etc., and it was tasty. The first night, the service was really bad, no one wanted to give us water, or drinks, so we had to go and get them ourselves, and the staff was pretty rude and ignorant of our needs. But surprisingly, the service got better during our stay, our maybe I just got used to their way of things. As for the restaurants, we went to the Asia ( very good, the food was great, and the staff was very nice too). The seafood restaurant (called Sea Scape) SUCKED! The food was not good, the waiter forgot to bring me my appetizer, and the other waiters were hitting on me and the people I travelled with! They were asking all these questions, and at the end we just walked out. As well, when we came there, they didnt have a table ready, so the woman at the desk let us come in, only for us to stand there 15 minutes, while the guy prepared the table. We went to the international restaurant, which was pretty good. The food was OK, and the service was pretty good, although I felt that they were trying to be too professional, just because we're Canadian. The one thing that pissed us off, was that the first night we could not find ANY BOTTLED WATER! We searched the buffet, the bars, and they all just pointed a finger and told us to go somewhere else. Finally, we went to the reception, and the maid brought us a HUGE JUG of water. Every other hotel we've been to, has had bottled water...this was just insane. The resort is filled with Europeans, which didn't really bother me, since we are European. There were alot of Italians, and Spanish guests. One thing I noticed, was that if you were Spanish or spoke Spanish, the staff was so nice to you, and would give you anything. But if you didn't speak Spanish, they could sometimes be mean. I don't want to scare you...the staff isn't THAT bad, but there are a few here and there that were rude. The bar men, were all really nice and so was the maid. The beach and pool area is amazing ! The beach is beautiful, and has beautiful crystal clear waters.... and doesn't have sea weed or rocks at all. There were 3 pools...all very nice, with a volleyball net and all. The Animation Team (during the day) was amazing ! They were all friendly and the programme was very good. We loved it ! In the morning there was stretching, pool aerobics, step aerobics, volleyball games, waterpolo games, salsa lessons. And the best thing is that the people actually participate (unlike other hotels that I've been to).Just give this hotel a chance, the first night we were even thinking of switching to another hotel, because the travel agent ripped us off. Its really really fun during the day, the music, foods great, the guests are great as well, the beach is beautiful...what more would you want ?? Its not a 4 star hotel in terms of luxury, but it is in terms of the fun you'll have here !!I would maybe return....but you should go to this hotel ! Don't change your hotel !!P.S. The grounds are beautiful, and the entertainment at night is above average...they really try hard =).  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Cinzia1983
<Content>We Had A Blast The Grand Paradise was my second vacation to the south and my first without my parents. I have to say that I had an amazing time and that I am glad we chose this hotel. The animators were very friendly and helped us out whenever we needed something from the evil front desk workers. Hehehe. This is definatly a place to PARTY and have fun.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was okay but THE BAG BOY WOULDNT LEAVE MY ROOMhers wat hapend this guy brought our bags to our room for us even though we told him not to , and then wen we tried to give him a 2 dollar tip (canadian dollar) he wouldnt take it , he just leaned against the wall (inside the room) and kept saying canadian no good , no good, so we gave him 2 american dollars i wudnt go bak if i were u , even the beach wasnt that good, i dont know why people call dominican an upgrade compared to CUBA , the sand was better but the water was horrible , there were rocks everywhere in the water , it was ALWAYS with big waves , u got in the water at one point and by the time u got out u were at the other end of the beachlisten guys, the food was pretty good , the buffet was GREAT it had a great veriaty , The fruits were even better but the problem was the SERVICE it was HORRIBLE first none of those people could soeak proper english , we went to the market next door were random people selling thing , and they spoke better english than the dum-asses at the hotel, the weighters were slow , rude, and dumthe food was good and the room was dark , i lost 2 pairs of soks as a matter of factmy fridge was broken and the water temperature in the bathtub was never the same as the dial  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't go to Punta Cana This was the worst vacation my family and I have ever taken. Punta Cana is an absolute jewel...beautiful beach and water. The Dominican people really need to be educated about tourism and hospitality....especially to Americans. They catered to Hispanic guests and treated the non-Hispanic Americans like crap. There were so many rules and restrictions that you could not possibly relax and enjoy staying here. The same slop was offered in the buffet day after day. You need to get up at 5AM to run out and reserve a seat at the pool or beach it you want to sit in shade, because they don't have enough umbrellas. Service in the restaurants is terrible. Make sure all males take long pants or you can't eat in the nice restaurants...no exceptions (you may expect that in an exclusive place, which this IS NOT). There are lots of nice places to go without putting up with ignorant people.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Double check your room reservations before leaving! Let me first say that I didn't expect a 4 or 5 star resort and am very easygoing when on vacation. I'm not a chronic complainer and don't need much to keep me happy. We stayed at the Grand Paradise Bavaro from June 15-22, there were 17 in our group, ranging in ages from 7-60. After reading all the reviews about this resort I made sure our travel agent requested our group be placed in Building 6--on the beach at the main resort. Our tour operator was GoGo. The one thing we were adamant about is that we didn't want to be placed in The Club--we didn't want to have to take the tram to the main area everyday with 9 kids.When we arrived after the hotel (after a very long wait for our transfer) we were told to take the tram to the other side of the hotel. We tried to argue with the desk operators telling them we requested the main hotel area. We were informed that our reservations were at the Club. However, for $50 per person, per night, we could move to the main hotel. When we didn't take them up on their offer then we were told they could reduce it to $25 per person per night. $25 x 17 people. The men at the front desk are con artists. I heard this same story over and over again from other guests. We decided we would check out the Club. Basically, there is nothing at this end of the hotel. If you are there without children and don't care about not having the beach a few steps away--you might enjoy this quieter part of the resort. One pool, one a la carte restaurant and 2 bars, as far as I could tell.After 2 days of arguing with the staff at the front desk, my mother contacted guest services. They moved us all to the main resort immediately. I am a very easy going traveler and I don't sweat the small stuff but I have to say that the first two days of this vacation were complete and utter hell.Rooms: We were in Building 3. Not as good a location as Building 6 but it was close to the pool and the main lobby. The rooms were dark, which we antipated. The bathroom flooded a couple of times and we were without hot water or towels one day--not a very big deal. Rooms were a little run down, fridge not very cold. The AC seemed to work fine. The biggest problem we encountered with the room was the late night noise. The concrete hallway acted like an echo chamber and the other guests were really inconsiderate. Earplugs are a necessity--even for the heavy sleeper. The maids were very kind and accomodating--I left ours a tip and a little gift each day and never had to ask for something twice.Pools: The pools were nice, slightly scummy some days. The biggest problem I had with the pools were that although there were notices prohibiting topless bathing at the pool, dozens of women ignored this. I expected it at the beach but not around and IN the pool. I'm sure my 15 and 17 yo sons didn't care but to me it was just another example of foreign guests ignoring the rules and generally being rude. They smoked in no smoking areas, barged in front of people in line at the restaurants and bars. I found the French very obnoxious (and I hate stereotyping). I also thought the staff could have done more to entertain the kids. The activities revolved around the adults, meringue lessons, water aerobics etc. Our kids were mostly too old for the kids club but I think that when they should make an effort to include the teenagers in some activities.Food: I didn't have a problem with the food. No one in our group got sick. The breakfast got a little boring by the end of the week but there was always fresh fruit and cereal. Lunches were fine. We ate at both the Cana Grill and the buffet. We went to make dinner reservations at the ala carte restaurants and were told they couldn't accomodate a group of 17. We pointed out that they took the $ for a group of 17--then we were given reservations. I wasn't impressed with the ala carte restaurants at all. Italian was mediocre and Cana Grill horrible, orders were incorrect and the wait was awful. The Manglar (French) was very good.I thought the drinks were very watered down and they could use more staff at the bars.Hotel: The hotel buidings and grounds are very attractive. The Sports Bar could use a little updating and better AC, as could the gym. The lobby was beautiful, but on the last day we had torrential rains and the main lobby flooded very badly (imagine 6 men with giant sqeegees). I also agree with the person who said it was everyone out for themselves. There was no orientation (unless you want to sit through a timeshare spiel). You basically had to find out everything for yourself. A good brochure/map would have been a very handy thing.Punta Cana: The beaches are beautiful, as is the turquoise water. We took advantage of the water sports there, kayaking, tubing, banana boats etc. We also took the 2hr. horseback ride and bought gifts and clothing for the local children. That in itself made the trip worthwhile. If you go, don't forget the Dominican children. We went on an ATV trip as well (also lots of fun). The market outside the hotel gates is great but the vendors can be very pushy. If you are looking for braids, walk down the beach to the right. There is a really sweet woman on the beach and she is much cheaper than the hotel salon. Natasha (henna artist) is great at her craft and very interesting to chat with.We had a great family vacation in spite of our problems with the hotel. But I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>murtal
<Content>What is wrong with this tleverls? Guys , why so many bad reviews??? did u stay at Grand Paradise Bavaro???thats the best , well not the best because u r not paying 300.00 a night , but one of the best hotel at Grand Paradise Bavaro. what do u expet , to be trated as a princess of course no , u r cheap going to this hotel , sooo,, dont expect the best all rightthe food is great, service great , before going to Grand Paradise Bavaro i read every single review and i did my homework . I knwe how to get the most from Grand Paradise Bavaro just from reading the review ohh but if u went without reading anything , i feel sorry 4 u this is not middle school where the professor , show u the bed , the seat , the bathroom , c ;mom . Wal , find out by ur self the hotel ,,,,,I know that u may like this hotel because it is cheap , but guyyyy TIPP TIIPPP , it will solve any problem. anuways , im going back to Grand Paradise Bavaro next year , last but not least , did u every learned any name of the employee at Grand Paradise Bavaro?if no , 2 bad , u didnt get great service I hope you undertand it ,,,,see ya  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	-1	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Time!! Beautiful Resort! I am reading all these reviews talkling about how bad it is. Don't listen to them, at least I had a great time. loved every second of it. I will def. go back!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not impressed at all What a trip!!! I can't believe that I am even able to write this review, as we got home yesterday and have been sick all day long!!! There is some major scam going on at this hotel, when we first attempted to check in, we were told go see the other receptionist. Next thing we know our bags are being placed on a golf cart and we are whisked away through the jungle to The Club. No one indicated that this was where we would be staying- we asked and PAYED for an ocean view room. We were told that they were over booked, and no rooms would be available at the main area for 4 days. Once those rooms did become available- we would be paying an extra $10/ per person per night. In the meantime they up graded us to a junior suite. This did not serve the purpose of 3 friends going away, when there was only one double bed, and a small cot- no bathroom doors and glass shower doors. FINALLY, and MIRACOUSLY after 4 hours of lingering around, a room became available with an ocean view. Poor quality of rooms, poor maid service- always a crap shoot in regards to how many towles you would get. Everyone one of us was sick for the entire vacation- FOOD WAS AWFUL!!!! Even the a la carte restraunts were not good- although the Italian was tolerable. Great beach- but too few chairs........would not recommend.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>ksadeckas
<Content>CAN'T WAIT TO GET BACK       Beach and pools  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible Experience! We have gone on many vacations and this is by far the worst experience. The staff was completely rude and very unhelpful. The food was horrible. We did not have hot water in our room for 3 days and the staff did nothing to correct the problem. There is nothing Grand about the Grand Paradise Bavaro.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't go Grand Bavaro is not th eplace for american tourist. The staff is very rude, they are very very slow. The food is terrible, the drinks are terrible as well. No frozen drinks- really- no frozen drinks at all. The water is beautiful but that is about it. Won't go back there ever again!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The only review youll need  Most positive reviews you may read about this resort are most likely by those who are very easy to please. But you'll notice that the majority of reviews of this resort are sub-par, and for good reason.First off, I would not reccomend vacationing in the Dominican Republic in the first place. This is a very poor country, and ALL of the surrounding areas are very run down, and a great eye sore. Not the type of scenery that sweeps you away on the way to your resort. Infact, all the resorts are basically forts in a sea of poverty. You'll travel one minute on a gravel ridden road, and turn into your resort the next.It took us about an hour to check in when we arrived. They didn't seem organized. Our rooms were not entirely comfortable. We had a flooding problem in our bathroom. Anytime you took a shower, you'd have a pool of water on the floor, despite having adequite curtains to prevent the water escaping. There was some sort of leak, and all the floors were especially slippery when wet, so we almost fell a few times in the bathroom.One of thee worst factors in this was the food. It was absolutely atrocious. And the service was very poor as well. You would ask for a drink when dining, and never see your server again. There was also the issue of their 'VIP' people walking about. They were constanting in your face trying to sell you time-shares someplace. They didn't take no for an answer, so thank heavens for the language barrier. Their 'Sports Bar' was so second rate, that most watering holes at home would put it to complete shame. Their 'casino' was nothing more than a room with slot machines. On our last night there, outside vendors were able to pedal their wares in the resort. The one we did business with swindeled us for 75.00 dollars in his 'pesos conversion scam.' The goods were second rate, but my girlfriend wanted them as souveniers. Also, these guys were touchy feely and started dancing with my girlfriend which made me quite heated. The giftstore there was lousy. They had this little dominican watchdog girl in your face to make sure you weren't shoplifting. Their loss prevention system stank since she was a nasty little louse, and when you put things in your basket, they wouldn't even say excuse me, but pluck your merchandies from your basket and mark down what you brought. The nicer parts included their spa which my girlfriend said was nice, and fairly reasonable, the beach was ok, but many of the lounge chairs were broken. Oh, and in the middle of our trip, the electricity kept going out all night long. I could go on, but I think this is enough to convince you. Again, there are many reviews of this place here, and many negative. Please heed those warnings. If you do infact go, you may recall this review and shake your head in your own disgust. Good luck.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If your American, don't go! Pool was wonderful. Beach was wonderful. Food was good. Otherwise, the room was lousy, dark, furntiure bad and on my goodness the BEDS were horrible. They were so hard you hurt in the morning. The pillows are bad too. Maid was sweet but gave us 1 towel for two women and no rags. When we got those it was 3 hours later. The lighting in the room is so dark you can't see good to put on make up or read. You will long for the daytime. They are very rude to us AMERICANS. Whenever, we saw others from the states they were also treated the same way. Did not know there was another place we could swim until way later. Did not know about an elevator until after walking all those steps. Very unfriendly to us and rude. Would not wait on us in the buffet at all. Do not order steak because it is so tough, you can't eat. I will not go back there ever again. I am not sure about the other resorts and how they treat us, but I am sure of one thing, I will never go to this resort as long as I live. No help at all to us. When your a stranger to a foreign land, you appreciate any help. None given here. And the one thing I heard from others was we were treated bad and we're the ones that tip! The French, Germans do not tip. They were also rude too.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again The only thing I can say is that I will never return to Punta Cana because of this experience. Letéˆ¥æªš start with check in, there were very few English speaking employees, not friendly and definitely not informative. When we got to our room there was no electricity. There was a box on the wall that looked like you used your room card to do something with. My husband and I tried and miraculously we had electric, however whenever we removed the card the electricity when off again. This was a problem for us since they only gave us one room key and we wanted a cool room. When we went to the front desk to get another key they were not too willing to give us an addition key, we demanded and they finally consented. The pillows were horrible and the food was at best tolerable. I am usually a mild person who enjoys any vacations and donéˆ¥æª› let too many thing upset me. But this experience was totally different. The bartenders were rude and disrespectful; did I mention that they had only one type of beer and it was always warm and in very small glasses, no frozen drinks and not one waiters. The only thing I can say is if youéˆ¥æª™e American éˆ¥æ·’onéˆ¥æª› GOéˆ¥?they do not appear to like Americans. Every other American guest I spoke to had the same experience as we did. Go to Mexico, the people are nicer, the merchandise is cheaper and accommodation much betteréˆ¥?  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Deni_roc
<Content>A Great Vacation in a Amazing Place       Dominican Republic  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>beautifullybroken
<Content>More than we expected. We travelled out to Grand Paradise on the 7th June for a week. The hotel was well above what I expected it to be and value for money was amazing. Food we found there was a great choice from in buffet restaurant, however we did not get a reservation once in an a la carte which was dissapointing and a staff member was quite ignorant when I asked her for a table for our last night there. The beach was AMAZING... white, white sands and very blue seas.This hotel is very european and there isnt very many British people there at all, to try and comunicate with the staff is a really hassle aswell because alot can't speak any english , we took a spanish phrase book with us , which i must say did help!The hotel was always very well kept and rooms were cleaned thoroughly everyday. There are two big pools at this hotel a kids pool and a jacuzzi, however the jacuzzi wasnt turned on during our stay.Try the cocktails if you dare the caribeno and grand paradise are a must ... but be warned the rum is made up of 70 % alc.There are always activities going on at the pool, salsa lessons , aqua aerobics the lot... which you should try and take part in because it is a good laugh!The secret to receiving good service at this hotel is to TIP TIP TIP but make sure they understand you expect good service for your money and they will look after you during your stay ...All in all this hotel was well above my expectations and I would travel again!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>terrible time Worse vacation ever. People are very rude. Food is not good. We are all sick. Beach beautiful. Not a frozen drink in th place.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>every man for themselves its like the army... the wilderness, you have to fend for yourself... noonne tells you what to do or where to go...the front desk doesnt speak english, but wave a ten dollar bill in front of his face and he knows you, and how can i help you... from there on tip tip tip... they WILL notice, trust me, they noticed us...... NELSON is the beach bartender he is THE BEST EVa.... he took care of us.....the big glasses...DONT BE SHY..... ladies if you are traveling wout a man, keep your ears and eyes open..... watch your money and personal belongings, ignore the insults form the vendors trying to sell you things when you say no thanks... and dont even bother going into the giftshop if you are female you will not get service, sorry no change, credit card sorry 10 dollar minimum..they laugh at you but send your man in, and they will rub his face and say que lindo... u like? pointing to one of there young girls...they are running their own business if you are offended by the topless everywhere even ordering a drink by the pool, then that is the least of your worries, they dont even pay any mind to you, they are european and they dont see it as wrong... its the prostitutes in the giftshop that yu have to woorry about.....  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>nigsy412002
<Content>an all right time at grand paradise my mom and i went to grand paradise june the 3rd to the 10th. check in was quick but the receptionist gave us the wrong room. thank goodness that the maid that was up there knew what room we were staying in. it really helps knowing spanish. you get better service. we noticed that at each dinner we ordered drinks after a few people and received ours long before they did. remember, your entering there country. its kind of hard for all of them to speak perfect english to cominicate with you. the hotel was exceptionally clean. there was always someone there to clean up after those who would leave there trash every where. they have something there for everybody. at night around 8 they had a game show for those who spoke in french. and they also have kareoki and you can pick songs in any language. the host also spoke 6 different languages and translated everything he said so everyone would understand. the food was average. i didnt expect it to taste the same as american food, because afterall, dominicans are the ones cooking. they tried to cook something from every country for all of the meals to have variety. it was fun to try all of the wierd stuff i wouldnt usually eat. you need to have an open mind and dont be scared to try something new. also dont get dissapointed if it doesnt taste the way it would if you were making it.we met a girl that worked in the main buffet. her name is kayla and is the sweetest person i met there. she even took us to higuay, a city an hour away where she lives to take us shoping. we even went to her house. lets just say, im very glad i live in the united states. she lives a hard life as do all of the other people that work there so tip them well, they deserve it. there is a nice little plaza outside of the hotel to go shopping. you will see after visiting a few of those little stores they all sell the same thing. you will just have to find the better deal. it gets tiring after a while from the people that work there. they will follow you around and beg you to buy stuff. we had a little basket we put our souvenirs in and the guys would add more stuff to it without your permission hoping you wont put it back.all in all it was a pretty good stay, things could have been better. the only thing that made me uncomfortable were the men that worked at the hotel. if you notice they are mostly male. they will hit on the women. they dont care if your with your husband, boyfriend, or family members, they will hit on you. they will whitle, blow kisses and say things to you in spanish. i know the english only speakers wont understand, but since im bilingual, i understood everything and descusted me sometimes. it got wierd sometimes. i would be getting a new towel by the pool and there would be a group of the male workers surrounding me, staring and saying things. when i was shopping, i was crouched down looking at something and a man came up behind me and put his hands on my shoulders close to my neck and was massaging me asking me if i needed some help. i dont know about you, but thats disrespectful and unprofessional. i also went on the outback safari tour, which was great, and one of the tour guides from the other car did the same thing. flirting once is cute, but the whole seven days was just annoying and drove me nuts. i could have done without that. my mom wants to go again, but i probably wont. it was tough seeing little children on the side of the road begging you for money and following you everywhere. i know you could probably see that in every country, but it seemed to be everywhere there.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>3	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DRman
<Content>Bad vacation at the Grand Paradise Bavaro Let me start by telling about the transfer from airport to the resort the driver got lost took him about 2 hours to get to the resort,he stated he was not from this area just transferred.1- Check-in, they started to tell us are rooms where on the club side not beach side(never told by travel agent about a club side all my papers said Grand Paradise Bavaro)so I had to bribe the front desk to get beach side.Forgot to tell you that we e-mail the hotel twice because we want roooms together ,not possible 10 rooms apart same building and floor.2-Rooms,large,dark very plain the fridge in room only water and sodas.First night no warm waterand coachroachs out of drain in the bathroom.Beds and pillows verysoft. Maid service good but have to ask for eveything and tip.The AC broke second night they sent someone to fix it 1am. unable to fix wanted to change us in the middle of night.3-Food, not good never got sick the service at the a la carta rest. terrible.Lobster night is tuesday you pay 35 dollars and you get 4lbs lobster more like 6 oz.One night wanted room service will to pay for it,does not exist.Beach and pool ,beautiful but not enough chairs or umbrelas.We travel a family of five during mid April 2006 have travel to DR. every year and had a great time,next year will try Mexico.By the way tried to change Hotels when there but my travel agent not helpful(vacmart)well let me stop because I could go for ever. Please dont say you where not warned.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>BEAUTIFUL BUT DANGEROUS We just returned from our vacation and sad to say we're both quite ill. It must have been the coconut drinks we had or the Dominican Food. The resort is beautiful and immaculate. The beach is one of the best I have seen.I was very unhappy to hear that one of our fellow travelers was robbed in the lobby while making reservations for day trips. THey were left pennyless and the Manager was no help. He told them that they needed to call home and have money wired to a Western Union in town. They didn't even have the means of getting into town. I think Management could have arranged transportation at least. We went on several excursions arranged through this hotel and they were quite enjoyable. The all day sail, snorkel and speed boat ride was well worth it. We also went on a fishing trip that allowed us to enjoy the full spectrum of changing color in the water and this also is not to be missed. The two hour snorkel trip right off the beach at this hotel is well worth the money.While I enjoyed the beauty of the surroundings, the fear I felt for the lack of security provided in this hotel, destroyed the serenity I should have felt for being in this beautiful atmosphere. If this area wants to prosper,they must do something to provide safety for guests. I would not return here again.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Vacation Ever I travelled to Punta Cana with two of my friends aged 21 and 20 in May 2006. After reading the reviews we were a little worried about what the resort would be like...turns out any of the negative reviews were wrong.First of all the beach was amazing...we walked down the beach for an hour and we all agreed that Grand Paradise has the nicest beach. The sand is soft and white and the water is clear blue. Also, very clean and there was nothing in the water to step on.Food- I am a picky eater and there was always something that I could eat at each meal. If I didnt like the theme of the night there was always pasta which was really good. Also, we took Pepto Bismo twice a day (just in case) and we did not get sick the entire week and I have a sensitive stomach. We went to the Italian whihc was really good and went to the Dominican which was good, but not really to our usual taste.Drinks---We drank beer mostly the entire week which is Presidente and awesome. We also tried the special each day and had some pina colada's. Be aware drinks are measured by eye and we got some that were 3/4 alcohol and 1/4 mix. But no complaints on that at all!Rooms- Our room was on the bottom floor which we were a little sketchy about, but we were really happy with it. It was always clean and we felt safe the entire time. It was a little noisy because they do not have insulation like us, but nothing to keep you from sleeping. We were also close to the pools and didnt get woken up in the morning wiht people at the pool. Trips- We went on the snorkeling trip which was fun. It cost 30$ and was really neat to see...Mostly the same couloured fish but we enjoyed the trip regardless. If you have never done it I would recommend it. We also went to Maniti park and swam with the dolphins which was amazing. I would reccomend this, just be aware that some of the animals walk around the park looose!!!!!Finally, I will save the service for last as I can't understand how anyone could complain abou this. Dominican is a third world country and we recieved 1st class service the entire week. All of the workers were incredibly friendly and polite and tried to make our trip even better than it was. We always thanked them very much and we noticed some people being very rude to the workers and they did not receive the same service as us.All in all, I have NO complaints about this resort. Instead of worrying about the little things, enjoy yourself while on vacation. We went down there with certain expectation and they were met and surpassed during our stay.....WE WILL BE RETURNING TO THIS RESORT!!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Without Rats _ It Could Rate As A 2* Hotel... We just came back home from the worst vacation ever....Yes, as mentioned in the subject line - we discovered during the second night of our stay a rat below the sink.... My husband literally had to chase it out (with his shoe !!) of our room at 4 a.m. !!! Of course, we were given another room, only to discover that my make-up bag was stolen (by the maid) as well as the tooth brush of our 4-year old son...To continue....take a lot of Immodium with you if you still plan to stay at this hotel - the food is a CRIME AGAINST HUMANITY. We all had stomach cramps, diarrhea and felt sick whenever and whatever we ate (and there is not a big choice between greasy and undercooked meat -e.g. pork legs and tails in a greasy soup, tasteless vegetables and old and greasy short bread cookies)....Besides, the different restaurants (especially the main buffet restaurant - Laguna and the beach restaurant - La Cana) are being sprayed for cockroaches on a weekly basis so when you come close to the counters to take the food, the smell of the insect spray is stronger than theh food itself....The service is disgusting, the staff is ignorant, does not speak English and to make it short - stay away from this resort and spend the money on a better hotel or you could end up experiencing the same night mare as we did in the past 2 weeks......  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great vacation great hotel, beautiful beaches, but went on the catamaran tour, loved it....but paid $40.00 for dvd and still have not received it....hotel employee took $20.00 for the balance and $3.00 to mail it and said trust me...been over a month  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Grand Paradise??? Ha!!! This place is the worst! First off, the main cafeteria should be called the Mess Hall. The food is bland, sloppy, and just plain nasty. You should hope to get reservations at one of their themed restaurants for every night, if possible. Secondly, the receptionist gave us the wrong room initially, so we go from getting this nice grand room, to ending up in some dump facing an iron gate that separated Grand Paradise (?) and another resort. Thirdly, I had to learn Spanish overnight to communicate with the staff, who either flirted with us to the point of stalking or ignored me to the point of straight disrespect. Fourth, the club sucks. The djay plays outdated music unless it's Reggaeton, Merengue or Bachata, and when you put in a request, don't expect him to play it because he is too busy on the dancefloor hugging up with some random girl. Fifth, here's the kicker!! In the Mess Hall, my friend asked one of the waiters to get her a glass of water, and he had the audacity to point in the direction of the bar and told her (in his broken English), to go there and get it. So we both sat there with our mouths wide open in shock.Don't get me wrong, the beach is beautiful, and even the set up of the resort is beautiful, but the staff all need to go through series of trainings on how to deal with consumers and learn English.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dancing, rum, relaxing, in Paradise My husband and I had a wonderful vacation at this resort. Everyday there was a theme night at the main buffett resturant, Spanish, Mexican, Italian. German, and Britian. The meals were delicious and there was a great variety to choose from The deserts were amazing and there was fresh fruit every day. The staff were very attentive and polite. We took 2 day trips, one to Saona Island which is breath takingly beautiful, we traveled by bus and then sailed over to the island dancing , and drinking all tthe way. the other trip was called the county tour, we visited a small ranch, tasted fresh sugar cane, coffee and hot chocolate, swam in a beautiful river and enjoyed a nice lunch, with lots of rum. While on the bus we threw out candy, T-shirts, Beanie Babies, small toys, to the children who waved at us. They appreciate everything. One very generious girl threw out panties and colourful braws to the women, and even a dress. We visited a dominican family, I really wish I had thought to bring shoes or sandles for the little children. We should be grateful for the wonderful life we have and appreciiate the fact that we can enjoy such a luxurious holiiday especially when you see such happy people with so little.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>BAILANDO-O We stayed at this resort from May 06,2006 to May 13,2006. I came here with a friend and we just had the best time! The beach was AMAZING, the food was great, the service was unbeliveble. Before going to this resort I was also reading all the reviews that some people were leaving and now I want to write my own so that I can make it clear for everyone else who wants to go. Please do not take every opinion to heart and go with an open mind, I did and I had the best time. There was nothing wrong with this resort, all the people were so friendly and helpful. The food, there was so much choice I don't even know were to start. It was all good, fresh and very tasty!!!!Now, the entertainment....... Nobody really talks about it in their reviews so I thought I would tell u. We were partying from the start of the day to the end. The disco was amazing!!!! The music was always blasting during the day. There is always dancing on the beach or at the bar by the pool. People playing games and dancing salsa, drinking and having fun. We were meeting people from all over the world. Everyone was friendly and nice and always wanted to talk, have fun and enjoy their time there. I would definately go back and would recomend this resort to anyone who wants to relax and have a good time.  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Time       I'm with Michael and Jose Miguel (dancers)  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a fantastic vacation       I'm anticipating the wave behind as I catch my breath from the previous one!  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My First  I checked all the reviews before we booked this trip, some sounded ok and some sounded horrible but you always try out things for yourself well that we did. My boyfriend and I decided to take a nice long vacation to Punta Cana figuring all inclusive sounded good and hearing it was a beautifiul place. Well beautiful beaches and pools thats about it, the flight went well arriving at the airport it was like being attacked I know they are trying to make a dollar but we just got off the plane and they are all over you. The cabs were all waiting but it took almost and hour to actually drive off to the resort. The taxi ride alone was an excurision they drive like maniacs, I am scared of flying, flying was nothing compared to the taxi ride over OH BOY!!! Finally arriving at the resort we get to the main lobby and its not where we are suppose to be but I guess they do that to everyone, so we waited about 10 minutes for the golf cart to drive us over to the other lobby over at the club we was disappointed from the time I got over to that side because my travel agent said we were going to be off the beach and thats first and we weren't we told the man at the desk we were suppose to be at the beach and he told us $20 a night to stay over on that side we wanted what we paid for but didnt go as planned. Now the room they had for us wasnt ready yet thats fine so we went to the bar for a drink and we stopped by the cusine resturant next to the mangaler bar it was horrible food we ordered a burger that looked like it was on steroids it was disgusting (We was sick the whole night). Now we decided to go back to the main lobby to see if our room was ready well it was so the bell boys walked us up to our room. Now getting settled in first off we were suppose to get 1 King size bed we winded up with 2 full size then we go to put the air conditioner on and it didnt work we called the main desk to tell them about the AC 20 minutes later someone comes up to fix it in 10 minutes he said now it works. I go to take a shower and the shower head dont stay on so you literaly had to hold it fine we were dealing with it we go on about our day. Now time to go to sleep and the AC is still not working called again to the main lobby and they sounded like they were getting annoyed because we called again well it almost 90 degrees I cant sleep in the heat its almost 100AM and no one came we called them back and said we will take care of this in the morning so we dealt with it we left the balcony door open all night and slept separate because it was so dam hot if you dont have to keep that balcony door open dont tooo many bugs out there. Next day called again they sent someone up to fix it again nothing worked we stayed at the pool all day and tried out the buffet that night it was good up until you got back to your room between no AC, mixed drinks and DR food OH BOY sick all night. Finally we had it getting ready to go complain to the manager and the door wouldnt lock we waited almost 1 hour before somebody decided to show up the door locks battery died so while we had him there we told him to try the AC again but still nothing finally after the door and AC incident we went over to the main lobby and wasted almost a whole day for trying to switch rooms they were trying to give us a suite for extra 160 dollars alls we wanted was a king size bed and air conditioning so he kept on giving us keys to check out some rooms which still all had two full size beds and a view of the gardens thats not what we paid for it was like a hassle for them to help us finally after 3 days of torture and being sick we get a new room with a king size bed air conditioning and a shower head that worked Finally now the frig dont work and bugs everywhere........ I have to say if it wasnt for the service, food and drinks it would of been a good vacation the beaches were so beautiful nice blue water the pools were nice to but were taking over by the french people who were very rude they left there towels overnight so they all would have chairs which was not fare by 800AM there was nothing left. Also they have shows and other night things which was all in french they accomodated them because it was a group of 150 so all the shows were in french we heard more french then spanish speaking it would of been nice to hear shows in english or spanish now we really couldnt wait to go home at this point basically we were trying to rush the days away but they were going way to slow. To make a reservation was a hassle only at this time at this place everyone with different answers so went to the buffet everynight because every other place was a pain in the butt and everynight sick as dogs horrible be careful on what you choose to eat stick with bread its safe the drinks were ok you had to drink 20 of them just to get a slight buzz but after those things you were sick as dogs. Some people are nice some were very nasty including staff they yesed you to death and laughed at you. I do advise this for 20's and even 30's relaxing for like 3 or 4 days fine more then that no way it gets way to boring out there we will never go back Bring lots of sunscreen we didnt realize how strong the sun was until we were fried and almost sun poisoned if you smoke bring your own theres taste nasty and way over priced well everything was over priced bring snacks with you this trip was worth the money but we are going to stick with the higher class islands basically everything was a hassle to them MAKE SURE YOU HAVE PLENTY OF DOLLARS THATS THE ONLY WAY THEY WILL TAKE CARE OF YOU IF NOT YOU NEVER GET ANYTHING GOOD LUCK TO WHOM EVER GOES THERE  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>DMEMOMOF3
<Content>AWFUL Save your $$! The rooms, service, and food are all terrible! Rooms were dirty (holes in the blankets and bed skirts, bathroom vent hanging by 2 screws, bathtub was disgusting). No coffee maker, iron, or kleenex in the room! Forget frozen drinks (I guess their idea of frozen is to throw 3 ice cubes in it). Food was absolutely disgusting (yep, found a dead fly in the scrambled eggs)! Always make sure you are close to a bathroom. Service was awful (only 2 waiters serving coffee to 100 or so guests). Communication was extremely difficult as most of the employees don't speak or understand english. The only good things about this trip were the weather, beach, and pool. Would not recommend this trip at all and will never go back.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>prieto tours joke theres no way you could rate this hotel above average . first and most important is they will tell you if you dont have it in writing forget it we did not make your plans for you . the staff is terrible. no one and i mean no one will help you no one waits on you . the ocean is beatiful the sand is great the service isby far the worst i have ever seen . the food realy looks great but it will fool you all of the beef is so tuff you cant cut it or chew it . i went for 7 days just got home . i will never ever go back. the snorkeling was very bad there reefs are dying. we went to a island that was suppose to be their best well we stopped for a swim at one part of the island while they were getting our food ready . if you want to see styrofoam or plastic bottles catalina island is the place. pleease read the reviews before you go they are true . the bad that is .the best part of this trip was the shows they had a sax player that was great . they have nightly shows that are great also . if your going to drink well the big drinks are rum and presidenta beer no america unless you want to pay 149.00 for a bottle of jack daniels its a beatiful place if they would clean it up and get people who care . oh yes if you have children take your own pampers because 7 of them in their hotel store was 27.00 yes 27.00dollars american. go to cancun or ixstapa. some where where the appreicate you this place is a joke oh yes i forgot to mention people sleeping in the halls not vistors  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>SO MUCH FUN, I MISS IT! My husband and i got back from grand paradise on april 19th . We where there for a little over a week. I have no complaints in reference to the service we got from the hotel; it was excellent! They gave me a great room in the main building. Advice: If you want a good room, dont request the club. Pay aliitle more and stay right at the main building where the main resort is. The maid was great and did a good job. The night club , restaurant and drinks were excellent. You get what you pay for, thats all. don't expect 5 star service, because it is not. But is reasonable enough for the price ....I think. The beach was beatiful and water sports were cheap. AND BEFORE I FORGET...the night entertaiment was very good!I WOULD GO BACK..IT WAS A FUN EXPERIENCE!  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Beach We just returned from a week at Grand Paradise. After reading all the mixed reviews I was a little scared going but trust me there is nothing to worry about. It was amazing. The rooms were very clean and exactly what you need. The food was good but I do agree that after about 5 days everything starts to taste the same. There is a mixed variety of different foods to try and remember you have to be opened to try new things. It is a different country after all. You will find something that you like. The la carte restraurants were excellent. We only waited in line for about 10 minutes to book them. A little advise don't book them for days all together. Spread them out. It is good to have change from the buffet. The weather was hot. We spent most of our time at the pools. They are very clean and beautiful. If you get a chance go outside the resort to the market. You can find lots of things to buy and remember don't take what they offer. Cut the price in half at least or maybe even more. We went on the Sarafi...it was out of this world. We had a ball. You get to see so much and have fun at the same time. WE also went swimming with the sharks. We didn't enjoy this at all. It was very short and not worth the money. All in all if you are going to go to complain you will not like it, if you are going to have fun...you will. The shows are very entertaining and you will always find something to do.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hola Paradise!!!! My boyfriend and I just came back from Gran Paradise. We staid there from April 15-29th. Check in when very well, friendly people at the desk. Make sure you ask for the remote control cause there none in the room. Get a safe too, you never know. The room was clean and pretty big. We where in building 6 with a nice view on the beach. The maid did a good job, make sure you leave them a tip, they work hard. If ever we needed extra towels, we just called the front desk and they would come to bring it fast.The beach is amazing...white sand clear water, the paradise. Lots of water activities too.We did the Parasailing. It was amazing. It's not very long but so nice. You can't bring your camera up there exept a water camera but I'm telling you don't. They take pictures of you from the boat. You can get a cd of 40 pictures of you during parasailling and the view from up there for 14 $ and they have amazing shots. Now the food. It's was very good for the fisrt 10 days but after that you get sick of it. I'm a very fussy person and I liked it. There's a big variety. Breakfast was good, we went for dinner at the cana grill on the beach were they have pizza, fries, hamburgers, roasted chicken, grilled cheese. It was good. I didn't get sick, but had hearthburn for a few days. Just make sure you bring some Imodium advanced and Tums and you'll be fine. My boyfriend got very sick one day, food poissonning I think. Watch the steak !!! The a la carte was good; we went to the Italien, very good. The Asian was good. It's nothing amazing but it's nice to eat something different than the buffet. The service was good at every restaurant. The Grill was good too. We heard that the International was the best one but we had a very bad experience there. The service was horrible, my beef tenderlines looked like 2 hockey poc and was has hard !!! The pools are huge and well kept. The animation is great there always something to do, salsa leasons, spanish leasons, aerobic... It's pretty busy around the pool so if you want something quiet, stay at the beach or go to the pool at the Club. It's very quiet there. The drink are ok, but if you want a good and slushy Pina colada go at The Club at the Manglar bar outside, There Amazing there. There a little train that brings you at the club. It's fun. And there's one every 5 min.The night show are fun. We went every night. They try very hard to get people into it. Very nice costume, always smilling. The bartender there is very nice too.We did 2 excursions. The dune boogies or atv is amazing it's about 3 hours. We took the dune boggies and it looked a lot more fun than the 4 wheellers. You get really dirty thou so bring some clothe for it. But it's soo much fun. We did the marinarium too. You go on a mini cruises boat that brings you snorkelling ang swim with rays and nurse sharks. Very fun ! We went shopping at the market Punta Blanca just next to the hotel. Make sure you get everything at at least a third of the price they started with. they always start really high.It's a very nice resort, friendly people. I never had a problem with language. They all speak english. It's soo much fun there i didn't went to leave, exept that I was getting tired of the food but after 2 weeks it's normal.Make sure you bring a lot of 1$ bill to tip cause it's very hard to get change there. Well you don't have to tip but you're gonna have a better service if you do. I don't understand people that have bad comment on that hotel. It's AMAZING... sun, nice beach, nice staff, nice rooms, good food ( for DR ), 24hours drinks...That all I need. It's PARADISE. I would recommand that resort to everybody.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you want respect and courtesy, You Won't Find It Here! I've just returned from the Gran Paradise Bavaro in Punta Cana and have a review of the hotel for your webpage viewers...First, don't think that even the Hotel Operations Manager, Antonio Cardenas, will help you with anything. He is a liar and won't do anything to rectify any wrongs that occur during your vacation.I was travelling with my 7 year old daughter and 21 year old niece. We booked a room at the Club but upon arrival, we were dropped at the main hotel and all of our luggage was unloaded there. I told the bellman that we were booked at the Club and he told me to go into the main hotel to check in. Of course, when I finally got to speak with the receptionist, we had to go over to the Club to check in (no surprise there) but I did not tip the man for taking our bags off of the first shuttle and on to the golf cart as he gave me incorrect information. I think he was just looking for a tip. So, over to the Club we goéˆ¥î›”o one tells you anything about the resort. Nothing. How to make reservations, where to get the train to the main hotel, nothing about the kids clubéˆ¥î›‡gain, no surprise but we weren't greeted with open arms either. We booked a room which was supposed to have a separate living area with a pull out sofa bed and beverages in the refrigerator. We walk in and there is one king bed and two sodas and a jug of water in the fridge. With an all-inclusive, we were expecting a little more than that in the fridge, maybe some fruit juice, beer or wineéˆ¥?.but, no, nothing else was in there. You can buy what you want to put in there but they're not about to provide it for you. I called the front desk and was told that I didn't pay for a separate living area to which I vehemently told her that was not correct and I called my travel agent. He had to call the hotel to get us what we paid for. The receptionist called back to say someone was coming to open a connector room. No one came. I called again because the safe was not working, the shower had no hot water and the bathtub did not work. I was told someone would come 'right away' to take care of all of this. 5 hours later when we went down to go eat at the buffett (DONT EAT THERE- more on that later) I had to go the desk and re-state the problems. The manager, Marlem, said she would have everything fixed right at that moment---ok great, now we all have to wait to eat until this is resolved (we hadn't eaten since breakfast and it's now going on 6 pm). 1/2 hour later, all is well. Everything is fixed.  The next day, we finally found the train pick up and went over to the beach at the main hotel. Around 10:45 my daughter was hungry so we went to the closest restaurant which was the buffett. They were serving breakfast until 11 am. We entered and asked if we could be seated and we were promptly told that the buffett is closed. Wait, isn't open until 11?? Apparently, we could have a couple of rolls and some coffee (COFFEE FOR A 7 YEAR OLD)éˆ¥?other than that, I was told that we could not get anything to eat anywhere at this time and that my child would have to go hungry until something opened for lunch. OH BOY was I hot. Disrespectful, rude and ignorant was this guy at the buffett. I promptly called my travel agent about this treatment we were receiving and he called the Manager of Hotel Operations, Antonio Cardenas---don't forget that name because if you need anything, this guy will definitely not care about you and your problems. My travel agent talked to Mr. Cardenas personally and Mr. Cardenas said he was going to come out to the pool to talk to me. Never did. I went to reception and asked for him and the man behind the desk laughed at me. I asked why he thought that was funny and got no answer.  I called and talked to Marlem again and told her of both incidents. My travel agent called her about all of this while I was on the line and demanded that these people give me and my family the respect that we deserve or he will not send any more clients to the resort and call Go-Go tours and suggest that they do the same. Well, Marlem calls and offers champagne and fruit (again, CHAMPAGNE FOR A 7YR OLD) and entrance to Manati park. I told her we already had reservations to do the Dolphin Swim and the park entrance was included in that so what else could she do. Maybe give us another excursion on the house? Of course not, they have no affiliation with those companies (but you let them represent themselves in your hoteléˆ¥î›šhat seems like a sort of affiliation to me). Anyway, I said look, give us a fourth reservation at the Manglar restaurant because we will not eat at the buffett again. She said yes, and we will serve you Lobster. I said that the kids do not eat Lobster and I don't like warm water Lobster so it's not necessary. She said ok come down and let me know what time you want to eat and on what day. I went down, wrote it out on paper, Thursday April 20, at 6:30éˆ¥?I get a confirmation under my door with reservations for Wednesday April 19th at 6:30. Had to go down to fix that too. When we went to dinner that Thursday night, the staff fell over themselves to be kind to us and it looked like it was a big effort on their part to be that kind, very hard for them to do, it was all very fake. I told the waiter I didnéˆ¥æª›' want the Lobster, that I would just have something off the menu so we ordered. After we ate and the dessert cart was brought aroundéˆ¥ï¸¹â‚¬ï¸¹â‚¬î›Žere come two Lobsters! They were put on our table, the dessert cart was taken away and they watched until I started to eat some. It was not good, which I already knew, and I gave it away to another table.  Antonio Cardenas had called me to say that he wanted to meet with me to discuss all that we had encountered at his hotel. Well, Surprise, the man never came to meet me. AND he told my travel agent that he personally came to my room with me to fix everything that had been wrong. The man blatantly lied and obviously does not give two hoots about his hotel guests so here I am warning all of you about this resort. DO NOT GO. The guests are primarily Frenchéˆ¥ï¸¹â‚¬?and the rudest lot of humans I've ever encountered. Any American guests at the resort went on excursions to get away from the French as they do not go out of the resort. There is a hotel policy stating lounge chairs cannot be saved or reserved but it's not enforced. The French go down at 6 am to put their towels on the chairs and even leave them overnite so we never got a chair at the pool over at the Clubéˆ¥î›šhere were people laying on the grass for crying out loud! We could do that at home so my suggestion is to have as many chairs as you do guests at the Club.  The buffett is disgusting, you wait 20 minutes for a drink and the French pick food right off of the buffett and eat it with their hands! Truly a disgusting people they are. Dominicans at this resort do not smile back at you, they act like you are bothering them when you ask for something and I don't care if it's 'slower' in the islands, when I have only 5 days for a vacation, I donéˆ¥æª› want to spend it chasing hotel staff to fix things that shouldn't be broken.  Oh, and by the way, our toilet broke and flooded the night before we left. Then Prieto tours didn't pick us us on timeéˆ¥?an hour late and we made our flight 2 minutes before it was supposed to take off. I will never, never go back to Punta Cana. This one resort soured me on the whole island so I'll stick to the more upscale islands. I gave it a try and wound up on the worst vacation ever.BEWARE.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>liteskinned1076
<Content>Traveler's Beware!!!! My friend and I visited the Grand Paradise Bavaro from April 24th-April 28th and I will start by saying it was the worst vacation we have ever took. Let's start with the airport.. hmm where should we start.. you get off the plane and are directed to your terminal (which by the way is a thatched roof building), you are then told you need to purchase a tourist card for $10.00 U.S., after the purchasing of the card you must wait on another line to go through immigration (word to the wise, if you are traveling with more than one person have one person purchase the card and the others stand on the immigration line which can take very long). After passing through immigration you are then told to give back your tourist card (it's another money making scheme and it should just be added onto your package to make the hassle easier). Coming back home is worse because you will stand on line for a long time just to get your tickets, then stand on another one to go through immigration and then another one for security. We arrived at the airport at 12:40 p.m. and did not get to our gate until 2:15 p.m. and our flight was scheduled to leave at 2:20 p.m. Thank goodness it was delayed. Now I know the airport has no bearance on the hotel which I am now going to cover with you. We arrived to the Grand Paradise Bavaro, waited on line for check in for about 20 minutes, to only be told that we were booked on the Club side of the resort. Buyers beware, if your travel documents say Saver then you are on the Club side of the resort. We were then taken in a golf cart or what appeared to be a golf cart to the other side of the resort. Upon check in we were told our room was not ready, however we could have lunch and walk around and the room should be ready by the time we came back. Fine with us, we did just that and came back and room was not ready for another hour. After the room key was given to us, I asked for another one for my friend and they told me to come back. I asked for a safe key twice and was told to come back. I was not happy with that at all because I was traveling with several pieces of expensive electronics and cash and a little jewelry and I did not want to leave it out. The bell man came and escorted us to our room and boy was I surprised when I opened up the door. The room literally was no bigger than a closet, had two adjoining doors on each side of the room and one double bed and one sofa bed. This was not the room I requested. I asked for a room with two double beds. Who wants to travel all that way to sleep on a sofa. I could do that home. My friend and I immediately went downstairs and spoke to a young woman and told her the dilemna, Ezekial who checked us in overheard us on his way out, had the nerve to have an attitude and tell us that it was one of the better rooms on the resort. Our response to him, then show us your worst. Ernesto Infante (and the only reason I use both his names, is because I will be writing a letter to the corporate office about him) then told Ezekial to leave and he would handle it. I did not like his attitude immediately, so I asked to speak to a manager. Marlen Mena (she will be receiving a complimentary letter) came out and asked us the problem. I told her about the room and how it should have been disclosed to us at check-in that the room had a sofa bed and a double. She agreed and Ernesto stood next to her and said that we were told that... What??? My friend and I immediately jumped all over him (not literally) and told Marlen we were not and if we were complaining now about it wouldn't we have complained upon the initial check-in? Ernesto said we were liars and it was said. At that point my friend and I had it and voices started to get raised. I asked Ernesto for his name and he rudely told me he did not have to give me that. I said yes you do. Marlen agreed with me and tried to hush him througout this transaction but it did not work. Marlen then told us we would have to spend the night in this room but she would move us tomorrow. Nope not acceptable, move me to the other side of the resort then. Twenty minutes later with some strings pulled, we had finally been told we would be at the main resort. Marlen gave me her business card and Ernesto's name and apologized for the service we received. Now back to the other side of the resort, after check-in again (where I was given a safe key immediately) we were given a larger room with two double beds and view of the ocean and the pool. We tried to be positive, however our first night at the buffet was absolutely horrible. The food was horrible and so was the service. I understand that you are in a different country and the food would be different but some of it did not look like you could consume it. I stuck with rice and chicken the whole week because we could only get a reservation to one restaurant which was the Chinese. When you eat at the buffet the linen remains on the table that previous diners used. Stains and all which is a little gross, service there is horrible and it could take forever to get a drink. This went for all meals ate at the buffet. The bars are horrible!!! I am a drinker and only consumed three drinks the whole five days I was there. A pina colada tastes like a Long Island Iced Tea, LIIT tastes like a rum and coke and so on. All the drinks taste the same. One night we went to the piano bar and my friend asked for coconut rum with orange juice. He gave her a glass of O.J. She then told him she wanted it with coconut rum, he proceeded to pour her a class of rum with coconut juice. Once again she told him what she wanted and he walked away disgusted...The language barrier was horrible. I received sun poisoning while I was down here (no fault of the hotel, just my stupidity) and went to medical services. The nurse does not speak English and could only communicate to me in spanish (thank goodness for elementary spanish lessons), however it was very difficult to understand everything. Oh, before I forget we did see a roach crawling on the counter by the pool bar. Clean towels are given sparsely and wash cloths do not exist (pack your own). Also pack a light bulb that is 75-100 watts because you will not see anything. Bring plenty of singles, fives and ten dollar bills because it seemed impossible to break a twenty. Our last day there, my friend and I were doing a dance of happiness to return back to home. Now by no means do I write this review because I expect the world. I travel to a lot of all inclusives and this by far was the worst one I have been to. I don't expect five star elegance or filet mignon, however I expect courtesy, good service and decent food. Grand Paradise Bavaro had none of these qualities.. Traveler's beware, paradise will not be found here.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Beach, Food was terrible I just returned from this resort on Monday 4/24/06. Everything went smooth includidng our transfers to the hotel. I tipped the desk $10 so I could check in earlier then I was supposed to and to get a oceanview room. The room is very large and had a great view. The pool area and pool bar had a lot of activities going on like dance lessons and colleyball. The staff was friendly and accomodationg. They spoke very little English but it wasn't that big of a deal. The buffet at breakfast was good, try the omlettes. I drank bananna mamas the whole time with dark rum. They were good but watered down. I got a massage on the beach which was nice. The buffet for dinner was terrible. I ate at the a la carte resaurant called the mangular which was at the CLUB, it was terrible. As soon as you get there make your reservations at the a la carte right away they get booked fast. I never got to eat at the Italian but I heard it was alright. Each lunch at the Grill, they serve hot dogs and burgers, not bad. The best restaurant to eat was the La Cana Grill, I had a wonderful meal so did my friend. Gift shop is overpriced so bring snacks with you(potato chips, candy) The sports bar had terrible food also. I'm from Philadelphia where the food is excellent so I wasn't that suprised, we were in a 3rd world country. We made phone calls home using our credit card at first, then we realized you can just call the desk and tehy will put you through and it only cost 1.50 a minute. I just check my account and the calls I made using my credit card were $40 each call!!!!!!! i am pissed. When I checked out it only cost us $6 for the calls that we made form the room. Don't make the same mistake we did. Don't forget to bring insulated mugs it'll save you trips back and forth. A lot of topless on the beach but not at the pool. People get up very early and save there spots at the beach so we did the same thing. Very boring at night, not a lot to do. I went their to just relax which I did. I wouldn't go back to this resort but I didn't have a bad time.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beach great, downhill from there My wife and I are both 30 years old and live in Jacksonville, FL. We've been to one other AI Resort, in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico and several cruises. We were looking for a fairly economical trip and Grand Paradise seemed like a good choice. The resort is marketed as a 4 star resort and is situated on a great beach. So we decided to take a shot after reading many of the mixed reviews on this website and others. There are definitely some positives so I'll start with them.- First, most of the staff are able to communicate fairly well in English. We didn't experience any significant language barriers. -As many others have stated, the beach is great. There is so much coast making long walks enjoyable. Tons of palm trees , the water is clear and sand is fine.We visited many of the other resorts and went to some of the shops. By far, the best beach I've ever seen-The Manglar restaurant at The Club has exceptional service and the food is great. We would recommend others booking all 3 of your a la carte meals here, if possible.-The Club has a great swim up bar and is quiet-very nice.-The piano bar features a sax and piano player. This really adds a touch of class.-There are plenty of water sports to enjoy, some at Grand Paradise, some in front of other resorts.-The omelettes are really good.Now, some of the problems we ran into. Though we knew we would have to make adjustments, there just seemed to be so many.- Those who give the food a rating of average are being generous. The quality of the food is really below average. From the french toast to orange juice to desserts to chicken at the buffets- it just wasn't a good quality. We found a few items we could tolerate but it gets old after 6 days. -The Chinese restaurant was terrible. It makes American Fast food Chinese look like 5 star gourmet. I definitely needed the Immodium after eating at The Chinese restaurant.-You have to check out the remote for the TV. As if someone prefers to get up every time to change the channel.-No can or bottle beer. The drinks come out of a slushee machine and are too sweet.-They play loud rave music from 10:30am-5pm at the pool making it hard to relax.-One night they had a band playing right outside of our room until midnight. Most resorts have designated areas for this-away from the rooms.I'll stop here but I could go on. In short, I'll say the beach is great, staff are friendly. But spend the extra money and go somewhere else. I've told many of my friends to go to Punta Cana but stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Vacation (could have been better) My family and I recently stayed at the Grand Paradise Resort in Punta Cana. When we arrived, we were surprised to find out that we would be staying on the side of the resort with hardly any activities and only one restaurant. Our travel agent never told us that the resort had two sides. We were staying at The Club and had to take a trolley to Grand Paradise to go to the beach, make restaurant reservations, and book any tours. The pool bar was awesome and the bartenders are very nice. An on-site grill or restaurant by the pool would have been great. There is always a tendency to snack at night. Unfortunately, the only choice was to pay $5 for Pringles in the Gift Store. You also have to ask the housekeeper to replenish towels and toilet paper. Oh, and here's a tip, make sure you have plenty of singles for tipping as singles seem to be scare on the island. Tipping is not required, but, it will sure make your experience a more pleasant one. Overall, it was a good vacation, but, it had the potential to be great. We are going again next year and trying a different resort.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Most Horrific Experience Ever - No Exaggeration!       Our 1 hour on the beach.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>1	3	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great value and the best beach My partner and I just returned from a great week at the Grand Paradise. We went to celebrate our 10th anniversary together and had a great time after we made a room switch to a quiet room where we could not hear the music from the piano bar. We chose the Grand Paradise because we were looking for a safe resort with a variety of guests, a quiet room, a great beach, OK food and coffee, and lesbian friendly staff. We got excellent value for our money. In comparison to recent visits to Mexico, Cuba and various places in southeast Asia, I found the service great. Thank you to Leo at the watersports centre; Nicholas, Felix and the rest of the front desk staff; our very helpful maids in building 5; the hardworking and attentive buffet servers with coffee, silverware and water; and the young guy at the beach towel exchange counter. And especially to the manager who was so professional and effective in relocating us when we needed a room change. The staff does a good job responding to all kinds of requests. The key is to remain calm, polite and persistant about moving up the chain of authority. Assume that everyone is doing her/his best because they are. The beach is superb. The food is varied. The bread, ice cream, and grilled meats were very good. The drinking water provided is safe and plentiful. We recommend the Grand Paradise.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ruined Vacation We just came from our vacation on Saturday, April 15, 2006. My husband and I purchased this package following our travel agent's advice and the rating of the hotel. Four stars... and we were so naive that we truly belived that we woud get the service and all facilities in accordance with the rate and the description provided. Alas! When we arrivied in the hotel we were told that WE DID NOT HAVE A RESERVATION!!! Meaning was that we did not have a room at all! We were not alone- four families had the same problem. A manager Mr. Osaris( I am not sure that I sell the name right, sorry) and his assistant Nicolas suggested all of us to spend the night in the Club( almost half a mile from the hotel and from the beach) and come the next day at three o'clock for the room we actually paid for. You can imagine our reaction. Good start. The room in the Club, where we spent that night had only one twin bed and we could not sleep at all. I got up with terrible neck pain and headache, as well as my husband.Instead of relaxing and enjoing on the beach we spent the next day doing check out from the Club and check in the Grand Paradise. We actually lost one day from the seven. Therefore, if you choose the hotel, please expect some delays and interraptions in the services. The hotel itself is not bad, but overcrowded and noisy.Food is greasy and disgusting, if you have liver's problem do not even consider going to this place. Soft drinks such as orange and pineapple juice are prepared from the cheapest concentrates, be careful, try to avoid them. They do not use disposable caps and don't wash the dishes properly, so be careful as well. The staff. Almost nobody speaks English, so that it may be a problem to explain them what you need. I have never seen before so much staff in the hotel doing absolutely nothing, just drinking bear and hunging around for their own pleasure. The staff had all meals at the same time and at the same place we did, which is also amazing. On the way to the airport our bus got broken and we were told that the another bus would come soon to pick up us. We had to load our luggage to the another bus directly on the road, which was quite fun. We liked the beach and the ocean, swimming was good, we had a lot of fun, but this is all positive we can tell about the resort.NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Punta lovers
<Content>Great snow getaway! Our first time away and this hotel-city-country was more than what we even dreamed of! The staff was very helpful, the beach was one of the cleanest around. The food ( buffet or a la carte) was always hot, well cooked and plentiful. Always many choices of everything at the buffet. The Monster Truck tour and Saona Island swim with sharks tour were unforgettable!Bring school supplies, hats, t-shirts, toothbrushes and paste etc.. for theses tours....NO CANDY since they cannot afford to see a dentist! We learned this a little late.Bring your own snacks since they are a little expensive in the gift shops and there are none at the restaurants. Great for kids too!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise??? My wife and I just came back from Garand ParadiseBavaro 2 days ago.The place was nice and clean butthe service was terrible. The pool bar was greatespecially bartenders Nelson, Hector and Teofillo.But the service at the beach bar was terrible,especially at night. Food was OK, but be carefull what you eat. Would I recommend this place?Probably not, unless they improve service.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed and Grossed out We'll i definetly enjoyed my vacation just got back on Sunday. Had a great time! However i was really dissappointed with the Resort. I don't think the room were really clean enough. I came home with tons of bed bugs which really gross me out. This is the first time i got this thing and my girlfriend got the same thing. The maid made our bed but people don't realize that they don't change sheets and pillow sheets which are discusting. The food was alright they should offer more vegi option for those who are vegetarian. So Overall i would say it was okay but disappointed with the fact that it was rated with 4 stars which actually feels more like a 3 stars instead.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Floppies on the beach Wife and I just returned Saturday April 8/2006 from Grand Paradise, had an awesome time. We made friends with an awesome couple from Sprinfield Mass and partied all week (How's your bug?). Was a little apprehensive after reading some bad reviews but there really is nothing to complain about. Building 6 poolside/oceanview is best spot to be, 50 steps to beach, tipped maid $2-5 dollars each day and left crayons, lipstick, kids puzzles, etc and room was first one done on our floor everyday with extra hot towels delivered each day @ 5pm after beach. A little goes along way here. Same deal with poolbar staff, Hector Hey Buuddy took good care of all our rum needs with a $5 tip now and then. Take a good size cooly mug with you and time is better spent @ the A+++++ beach with floppies. Get there early in the morning and put towels on the beach chairs under the tiki huts, you will be glad you did. Food was acceptable, B+, I'm a picky eater and there was something @ the buffet for everyone each night, roast leg of lamb was awesome. Most food was kind of bland, Dominicans need to be let in on the secret of spices. Breakfast was best buffet, get there early for hotter food. Lunch @ La Cana beachgrill was very good, roasted chicken gives Swiss Chalet a run for its money. Dinner there was not so good, over cooked filet mignon, under cooked potatoe. Didn't realize I had so many family members my brother working @ the flee market just outside resort gates, special price today for Canadians, cut there price in half, subtract $5 and stand firm, they will take your price. Kontiki party boat and snorkling tour was a blast, great underwater pictures, tons of fish and way too much rum. Pre-arranged half day fishing charter, with reputable charter company went off without a hitch. Buy all accounts this is one of the smaller resorts in the area, which makes it even better, everything is very close, and the resort is very well laid out. My only knock against the resort is that making change for large $US bills is a pain in the butt, but thats my fault for taking them. All in all, I would say this resort is a great bang for your buck, you will meet people from all over the world, drink tons of rum and have way way too much fun.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Only fond memories...            
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Truly paradise - Can't wait to return...Yearly!! Great vacation! My husband and I just returned from Punta Cana April 4th...can't wait to return. I was so confused by all the negative reviews that I wondered why I chose to go to the Dominican Republic and not my usual Aruba vacation. BEACH is fabulous, plenty of topless sites, although my husband wasn't looking... FOOD, you won't starve, but the Italian and French restaurants were the best. Lots to eat on the buffet, but just ok. Make reservations at the specialty restaurants for good food.Pool - best one was located at the sister resort--The Club--a shuttle takes you there - a beautiful swim up bar....great Coco Loco's and, of course, topless women. Try the French Restaurant for a good lunch, instead of the buffet.Let me tell you something...having gone to Aruba the past 11 years (20 ++ visits almost twice a year), I didn't think anyplace could compare. This resort will be an annual vacation, in addition to Aruba, of course!Only two negative comments: the lighting in the room was horrible, if possible, I would recommend bringing light bulbs, however, my husband informs me it is 220 current. Secondly, we were in Building #2, which seemed to be a thoroughfare, and was extremely noisy. I mean if you tried to sleep anywhere between 2:00 am and 5:00 am, forgot it. I know you're on vacation and not there to sleep, and I'm not an old person, but some vacationers are overly party animals!!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Trip to Grand Paradise My boyfriend and I stayed at the Grand Paradise on March 23-30th. We had a very nice time, although there were a couple bad points. The Beach was beautiful, sky blue water and pure white sandy beaches! We loved the little bamboo huts that kept you in the shade. The pool was also nice and big and clean!The hotel was cute. The yellow, lime green and blue buildings really had alot of character and made you feel as though you were in paradise! We stayed in a regular room with a king bed. The room was clean and the AC worked well. We tipped the maid 2 dollars a day and she was very sweet and stocked our fridge with soda and water daily. The staff was friendly too.Out biggest complaint was the food. We really weren't happy with it. It's not as though it was horrible, but it was different than american food. The food was in weird sauces and was very bland. The La Cana Grill for lunch only had a few items and sat out all afternoon so was cold. We did though like the beer (el presidente) and the fresh fruit. We unfortunaly got sick our last day from the brocoli we ate the night before. It was also a little hard to get something because of the language barrier, but the staff did try hard to accommodate us as best as possible.All in All we had a nice relaxing vacation. It was inexpensive and other than teh food we had a great trip!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just what I needed My husband and I were at the resort from March 28-April 3. We went for fun and relaxation and were very pleased with our choice. The beach was great and there were always chairs available. The pool was great too. The pool at the club (travel their by trolley) has a swim-up bar. However, the main pool is likely to be more lively. Although there are rules prohibiting nudity at the pool, not everyone abides. My husband did not care, but some parents with children might have an issue with this. We especially enjoyed the pool bartenders: Nelson, Hector and Juan. TIP: bring a big cup for your drinks. We brought coke mugs (bought at Walmart). Many people in the resort recognized us by our jugs. And at the end of the stay, we sold them for $10 each! The bartenders filed them without hesitation. We tipped $5 the first day. They treated us like their best freinds the rest of the week. TIP: I recommend you buy the mama juana (Dominican Republic Viagra in a bottle) but make sure you have the rum in it (not just the roots) or you may have problems in customs.Food: we read the reviews and were cautiously optomistic. The buffet was fine. The omlettes in the morning are great. Try the chocolate milk, it has extra spices. Michaleangelos was excellent! Others said the steaks at Cana Grill were good. The seafod at seascape was decent and we sat at a table oceanside with a great view and a nice breeze. We heard that Asian restaurant was not so great. The french restaurant at the club had good food too. Note: we were seated outside. There were several French visitors and their host set up a gameshow right next to the restaurant. It was distracting and we felt like the waiters forgot about us. I would eat there again but I would eat inside!$$$: bring enough US dolars as the resort will not change pesos to $$$. Everyone seems to prefer US $$$. However, be prepared to pay $3 a day for the safe in your room. We each paid $10 to get into the country. We were told we would each have to pay $20 US to get out, but that did not happen. There is an ATM in the resort but it only gives pesos.Rooms: The DR has serious electricity shortages. All the lights in the room are the energy saver lights and therefore, it is quite dim. Our bathroom light was out, but they fixed it. The resort has enough towles for each room but not enought to restock: they take the towels and deliver them around 4PM. TIP: shower early and expect to be without towels during the day. You can get new beach towels everyday. We tipped the maid $5 the first day and she took good care of us.Front desk: it only took minutes to get checked in and the staff was very friendly. They sell internet cards: $5 for 30 minutes and $10 for an hour. TIP: Ask for a TV remote: it does not automatically come with the room. Booking agent: each person is assigned a greeter. There is a meeting up on the second floor of the main buildingthe day after you arrive. Fernando was our assistant. He gave excellent advice and booked our excursion. We went on the Jeep Outback Safari. It was great. We got to see how the DR people live, a cocoa plantation, went to a ranch, and used a boogie board in the ocean. $80pp. Fernando got us extra dinner reservation tickets.CAUTION: after your first meal at the buffet there will be others who approach you with VIP or Vacation shirts on. Thery are soliciting for time shares.Social Activites: the shows at the resort are hit and miss. There are usually dance lessons or games by the pool bar. The disco is fun but the men we met indicated there was not much chance of meeting anyone. Some of the firends we met went to Mangos: the disco in town. Be prepared to pay $12 each way for cab, $507 cover and $5 per drink. They danced there until 6AM. Several people went more than once so it must be fun! Have fun!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sunrise Punta Cana, D.R. I had read many of the reviews of the Grand Paradise before leaving with my wife, two daughters and son-in-law and frankly was concerned. We arrived in Punta Cana with no luggage. None for the five of us. They had overbooked the rooms and sent us to their second hotel/time-share area called The Club. It seemed things were going downhill fast. Our ground transportation was provided by Turinter and their representative, Noel, did everything possible to locate the luggage. With his assistance, the luggage arrived the following day on the next flight. The Club was a blessing in disguise. The rooms were very large with a jacuzzi. Our balcony faced east, so the items set out were dry by 9 AM. The pool at The Club had a swim up bar and the best bar was at the Mangler restaraunt area where they actually made mixed drinks. The other great bar was at the main hotel, upstairs. I believe I attended six bars in all. A train ran frequently to shuttle between the two resort locations. Not a big deal.Our standard breakfast was at the International where they served a continental style breakfast and you could also order off the menu. Excellent omelets. At the main resort a full buffet was available, we just did not feel like eating that much. We had supper twice at the International, once the Italian and once Chinese. Each exceeded my expectations, not gourmet, but very tasty. Service was great, not always fast, but always with a willing spirit. Fresh fruit at every meal. Take a pair or two of long pants for the evening sit down restaurants, no shorts allowed.The staff genuinely liked to be helpful. Most of the waiting and service people spoke English and French. They work long hours each day and 26 days a month. Tips of any size were appreciated though not expected. We took two dollar bills which got attention, they said it was good luck. Maybe it was good luck to get two dollars rather than one.The resort has a real european flair. Many French. We also met people from Canada, Lichtenstein, Germmany, Spain and Russia. Toplessness was practiced on the beach area, only seldom around the pools. Even at that, you had to look to find a topless bather. Frankly the beach and sea was so spectacular you did not notice.We drank the water provided with the meals and a fresh gallon of water was provided to our room each day. We re-filled our small bottles a few times. Dad used the imodium the last day, the others were fine.It is a great place to come if you are a couple or large family. They can accommodate either easily. Seating was never a problem.For those people who expect world class accommodations, with world class service and immediate attention to their every concern, don't come here. For that matter don't go anywhere I might be vacationing with my family. We went with the idea that this was going to be a great experience and relaxing vacation and it was. Thanks, Grand Paradise!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it The Grand Paradise Bavaro was great. Check in took less than 10 minutes. They brought our bags right up to the room. The workers were very polite and they worked really hard. I went with my mom and step dad . i was always hanging with the workers . They loved me down there. the food was excellant at all the restaurants  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>cant believe negative reviews about this great resort I cant believe the reviews this resort is getting especially when I see people complaining about no elevator or coffee machine in the rooms. If you want this go stay at a 5 star. We arrived 23 March check in smooth. We were given two keys at reception without asking as were my mother and sister in law. We brought 60 watt bulbs which made the lighting more than adequate. The rooms were large and very clean, we were in building 5 and had great views of the ocean. The maid did a great job making up the room and gave us diet coke for the fridge when we asked. We left 2 dollars tip every day and received great treatment ( flowers around the sink everyday plus a swan made of towels ) plus extra towels. Now the infamous booking of restaurants No problem. Went at one o clock ,only two people ahead of us. we did this on our second day therefore did not have to line up. We booked the International, the Dominican and the Sea Scape. The food at the international (at the club) was excellent. Both my daughter and I had salmon for our appetizer followed by chateaubriand all the others in our party had equally excellent food. Tha food at the Dominican was a little disapointing but the food at the Sea scape was very good (lobster cutlets and filet streak).The reason the restaurants are not full is to make sure the patrons get great service and the service we received was second to none.Ther were 5 in our party and all agreed that the staff from the workers cleaninp constanly to the managers at the restaurants were polite, hard, working and efficient. The drinks at the bars were great. I tipped a dollar everytime I ordered a round of drinks. I received the royal treatment every time.The food in the Laguna (buffet) was excellent huge variety including eggs to your liking prepared in front of you to crepes etc. lots of fruit, meats cheeses. I went down every morning and got our five mugs filled with coffee and brought them back to our rooms no problem. The swimming pools were great, clean and just the right temperature. My mother and sister and law spent most of the time there. My wife, daughter and myself preferred the beach which was incredible.Note if you dont want to lay in the shade there are ALWAYS sun loungers available.One last thing security is excellent. My daughter who is 22 partied a couple of nights and came back to the room about 5 o clock in the morning. At no time did she feel worried as security was all around and she was actually escorted to our building.We're already planning our trip to Paradise next yearWHAT ARE YOU WAITING BEST VALUE FOR YOUR MONEY  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You Get What You pay For!! My 3 friends and I just returned from Grand Paradise Bavaro on Saturday, March 25, 2006. Prior to going to Punta Cana, we read the hotel reviews and had some reservations in staying at this hotel. However, I must say, that the hotel itself is beautiful. For the most part, our vacation was very relaxing and we all agree that we enjoyed the beautiful weather and the staff. Check in went smoothly with no problems. The desk clerk Junior was very professional and friendly. He checked us in within 20 minutes. Although our rooms were not ready when we arrived (we arrived early 2:00pm) by the time we ate lunch and returned to the front desk our room was ready and we received our key (ask for 2 keys, you will need one to control the air and electricity when you leave the room). Rooms - the room was adequate and clean. Nothing spectacular. There is a fridge stocked with a gallon of water and variety of soda. Rooms were cleaned and beds made with clean linen by 11:30am. We received 2 towels however we had to request two wash clothes everyday. Evidently they don't use Downy the wash clothes and towels were kind of rough but clean. I would suggest getting a key for the safe that is in your room ($20). Our room was in Bldg.6 which is basically in the middle of everything, the beach and the pool area. Great spot.! Pool and Beach - Beach is gorgeous w/a constant breeze. Beach towels were scarce. We had been told to return our towels each day and receive fresh ones however, that was not the case. We had to use the same towels for 3 days and had to complain before receiving clean ones. Pools were great and spacious. Activities were available poolside everyday including exercise classes, salsa lessons and other corny games. Evening entertainment consisted of a watered down version of Las Vegas shows and other silly little games and guest participation. The disco opened at 11pm. Never made the disco - by 11 I was sleep. There is also a game room available with pool, table hockey, ping pong, and a small area with approx.15 slot machines. A bar is also available as well. Was not impressed at all with the entertainment available. Let's talk about the food. Not impressive at all. You won't starve, but if you enjoy eating good food, this is not the place. The buffet was open seating for breakfast lunch and dinner but most times we had to wait for a table. If you want to eat at one of the International resturants, Italian, Asian, Seafood and Dominican resturants, I would suggest making reservations when you first arrive. They fill up fast!! Unfortunately, the food in these resturants were not that great either. I actually enjoyed the Asian food the best. La Grille which is located on the beach for lunch has great roasted chicken and french fries!! We filled up on chicken everyday. I found the bar drinks to be extremely sweet and watered down. However, the younger guest did not seem to mind it and had a great time just drinking!!! The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. They work very hard and I am quite sure for very little pay. I agree with the traveler from Framingham, MA., the guest were the rudest people I have ever come in contact with. Obvious a lot of them never learned the word Excuse me. A woman almost knocked me over and never uttered a word of apology. Although this is all inclusive, we left $2 a day to the housekeeper and $4 to the waiter (it was 4 of us)and they were so appreciative and surprised. Guests do not tip.. but are very demanding when requesting more coffee, etc.This is a great place for family vacation w/children as well as young adults who are on a limited budget or traveling with a group of people. Personally, I would not return anytime soon. I felt confined and reluctant to leave the premises. Also there is a language barrier which makes it difficult to communicate. All in all, the trip was relaxing, the weather was fantastic!!! The accommodations were adequate and for the price--we got what we paid for....  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>grand entertainment, sun ,fun ,flops and alcohol paradise       Pool Bar  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Redcode76
<Content>We had a wonderful trip!       View from our room (#6319)  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it, Loved it, Loved it,!!!!! My husband and I went to Dominican Republic for the very first time, At first like most of you I was very scared and nervous. Once we arrived at the airport the experience there was great the warm weather just hit me, especially coming from New Jersey it was snowing that week and about 38degrees, so some warm weather was welcomed. Then we arrived at Grand Paradise I couldn't believe my eyes it was so bueatiful it looked like a paradise. We were checked in immediatly. Our room was hotel #6 the room was very simple but clean. There was flowers in our sinks and beds to welcome our visit, which I thought was nice. They have a fridge with a gallon of water and soft drinks. The pool area was clean and warm not freezing like others hotels I have gone to. The beach is drop dead gorgous. The people are extremely nice. There were people of different culture that even I started to learn a few words in Italian and German. My husband and I took a boat trip we had so much fun we danced and snorkled and swam with sharks, how cool is that!!!!!!!!!! In the hotel resort they have 6 International resturants 1 buffet. Even though I chose 2 of the 6 International resturants We always ended up at the buffet the food there is alsome. Would I go again in a heart beat!!!!!!!!!!!When you go to any vacation always have an open mind. Since its not what you are normally use to, culture will be different, language, race. This will make us appreciate others and what we have. Lots of luck and Love..............  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>FloridaAng3
<Content>Spend more money My husband and I just returned from Grand Paradise Bavaro last evening. I read all of the positive and negative reviews before we went and I guess I fall somewhere in the middle. On the whole we had a nice vacation but there are a few things which we didn't like.Transfers: Very friendly people. The ride is about 45 minutes but air conditioned. You see A LOT coming to the resort and it makes you very grateful to be living in the U.S.Check in: Went very smoothly. We were given a packet which was helpful. One key which you need to not only get in the room but also to work electricity and air. When you leave the room the air and the lights go with you. Our baggage was delivered promptly. Our check in was 4:30 so the room was ready.Room was not fancy but clean. Clean sheets every day and a fridge with large bottled water and soft drinks. Shampoo and soap and conditioner was provided and there is a hair dryer and ironing board and iron. We had a first floor garden view with a terrace and 2 chairs and a table. My husband and I enjoyed sitting outside every morning and evening. Ashtray provided if you smoke. My advice would be not to spend extra money on an ocean view room as you can stil see the ocean from just about every room. Our room was supposed to be in building 2 but we asked to be switched at check in to be near our friends and that was no problem. We ended up in building six which is close to everything.Food: Buffet breakfast has everything you could want. The coffee is delicious, warm milk i8s a nice touch. Scrambld eggs were watery but you could have an omelet made fresh or fried eggs made fresh. French bread was wonderful and fresh fruit every meal. The drawbacks here would be finding a table with everything you need on it. No fresh orange juice or mimosas here. But everything hot or cold you can think of for breakfast and maybe some things you didn't think of. Lunch was either buffet or out at the pool. They had OK pizza and fries, hamburgers and hot dogs, roasted chicken, fish, pasta, and ribs or pork daily outside which was good. Also fruit and salad. Buffet was hot and cold items and desserts and ice cream which I loved. Coffee flavor was the best. Not gourmet food but average. Dinner was a theme buffet so you should check to see what the theme is before you decide on restaurant or buffet. We could only at at 3 restaurants for the week. We chose Dominican which was very good and friendly workers. French International where they were not friendly. I tried to order a salad, a soup and escargots and the waiter made a scene because he said I could only have 2. Huh???? All inclusvie remember? Anyway I was not happy and the food wasn't very good. I didn't feel well all the next day and I just wonder what they did to my dinner. Third choice was seafood. I ordered Lobster. The menu said, grilled, garlic or termidor. He said they only had termidor. My husband ordered fillet and garlic lobster and he got his. So why only termidor? Again not the greatest. We were happy to go back to the buffet because even though some of the food wasn't to our liking, we could always find something to eat. In a nutshell, food is just average.Bar: Not good at all. Very little ice in the drinks. Domestic alcohol only and it isn't good. Pina Colada's are watery as are the other drinks. No frozen margarita's here. No frozen anything here. No blender here. House wine was from a box and no bottled beer. I'm not much of a drinker at all but I would have liked to have had one good frozen something. Bar is in need of a lot of work.Entertainment and activities: Dance lessons daily and aerobics. Nightly shows are boring. I really didn't want to see a guy from Switzerland in his underwear.Beach and Pool: Gorgeous. Both were wonderful. We never had problems getting towels. Topless beach but they were at the pool too. Not a problem for us but be prepared if you don't like that. Many vacationers are European so topless it is but not for me.Problems: No hot water for 2 days but it got fixed. Towels for the room. One hand towel which they reuse, 2 bath towels which they take but you have to wait for new ones, bath mat not changed daily and a wash cloth is not heard of. I left money for the maid daily and when I asked her for 4 bath towels she replied in Spanish 3. So no more tip. French restaurant was rude service. Bar servers also were rude at times. Very noisy at night. The halls just bellow when someone talks, argues in Spanish or is drunk at 4:00 A.M. Would I go back? No. I wouls spend more money and enjoy a finer resort. For what we paid I'd say we got our money's worth but I would rather spend more and get a little more.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pastywhite
<Content>Got back yesterday, still feeling the motion of the waves My husband and two children, age 9 and 11 just arrived yesterday from Grand Paradise Bavaro. It was our first time ever to the D.R. so we were a little apprehensive. First off we left from Ottawa, Ontario and flew into La Ramonana airport(found out later not enough people from Ottawa to make it worth while to fly to Punta Cana) so we had a two hour bus ride to the resort. After a very long day, (had two hour delay at airport due to freezing rain) this bus ride did not help....While waiting in line for checking in, we were greeted with a fruit drink(made sure there was no rum in it as they were offering to our kids too)....We paid a few dollars for someone to take our luggage to our room. We then went to the buffet(by then it was 9pm ).....I must admit the first time we saw that buffet, we said UH OH....but don't be scared by second day, you do get used to it and there are tons of choices....it is to be expected that in another country the food will be a little different. There are 5 a la carte restaurents that are all great. We went to two of them, the Cana Grill, we went twice, have the fillet mignon, it's to die for. and we went to the French cuisine restaurent, gorgeous atmosphere, great service and awsome food. I do agree to keep tipping, they work such long hours and they are soooooo nice most of them anyhow. The Beach: WOW....I swam in it for hours. we were nervous before leaving on how rough it would be for our kids, it was fine for our 9 and 11 year old. Keep an eye on the colour of the flag(where the boats are) the first day was red (go in at your own risk) and we were told to be very careful and we did not think it was that bad....we stayed at waste level during that time....then when it got to orange or green take a kayak out it's fun. My husband took both kids for a catamaran ride he had a blast. Please be aware, THERE IS FISH TO BE FOUND. TONS of them.....go to where the end of the swimming line is straight out from the beach...bring your own snorkels and masks and you will see TONS of fish, bring bread out and they will swarm around you.....beautiful blue , yellow and silver fish(did not see baracuda's but some did, smaller ones).....Another fun thing to do in the water is boogie boarding, we brought our own(inflatable) or you can borrow one from the resort. the kids had a blast with that. For those travelling with kids, Ana and Luz at the kids club are awsome. The nicest young women to look after your kids....Our kids only went a couple times during the day, my son wanted to play tennis. The kids show at night is pretty cute for them too at 8:30pm....my daughter was the oldest but she loved it. they danced and played games on stage,. one night at a disco  and another night at the beach. we met tons of great people from all over.We too brought an insulated jug that was a big tip that we picked up from others, the bubba keg(found at Walmart or CAnadian tire for $10.00) sometimes we had beer, most of the time water we even brought Gatorade crystals for a refreshing change and it really keeps the drinks cold out there in the heat. you do drink tons.....especially swimming in the salt water you will swallow that stuff.A tip on reserving the a la carte restaurents. We ended up having to do the line twice because we goofed the first time, did not have my papers that they give you upon check in. So when we went the second time we showed up 15 minutes early and sat with a drink and were one of the first to reserve(it starts at 10:30am)Everyone will have a different outlook of this place, go with an openend mind. We had a very good experience with Grand Paradise Bavaro, We WOULD go back. I hope this helps some....  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best So Far!!! I just got back last night and i NEVER wanted to leave!!! It was paradise on earth. I went on my grad trip with one other friend and we have gone on trips in the past to varadero, cuba and dominican, but this resort was by far the best! The resort was huge and with about seven restraunts and lots of actives to see and do. The rooms were clean and large, the night shows were great with amazing costums and backgrounds. We went on the jurassic safari, because we only heard the best about it, it turned out to be a great experiance with lots of wildlife and we saw how the poeple lived and worked.The food at the resort was average, it was just like anyone we have been to befor. Chances are your not going to get anything batter, but then again everyones different, we are very picky eaters.The pools were amazing there were two huge ones and a kiddy one and a hot tub. The atmosphere was beautiful, with more plams trees then i have ever seen befor. The beach was definitely a five star, with white sand and aqua water!!! No really bad experiances and a great vacation! P.s we went on march break so there were many younger people, very family and student friendly. But dont let this turn you away bacuse we are not very big party people, we went for the beach and sun. We Liked to get our sleep and the noice was very limited. We also met many older couples there who seemed to be having a great time and they were not bothered by the younger people.If you are interested in pictures feel free to e-mail me, im in the prossess of downloading them on the the computer.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Dreamer2007
<Content>Breath taking!!! I just came back from Grand paradise yesterday and I loved it!!!! I am 12 yrs. old and I get bored easily but at the resort there was plenty to do without going on an exursion. At the kids club Anna and Luz are amazing! My parents tried to tip them and they refused it!!! The beach is white, white, white and the ocean is blue,blue,blue!!! We met a lot of people who wore in building 6 and it was so NOISY!!! They all changed to are place which was building 5 and slept way more easily!!! The food was hard to get used to because it was not what we eat everyday and was always the same!!! If you are picky eaters I recommend La Cana grill because it has french fries, burgers, hot dogs ect. The room is not your typical 5* room but who needs to care about that when you are outside all day!!! The night shows are fun to watch and at 8:30 every night there is a kids mini disco that you dance to songs and at the end there is a kids game, even I had fun(was the oldest)!! The pool is fantastic and all the hotel workers work VERY hard without a lot of money so I suggest you tip some of them(my family did) Overall I reccomend this resort to the young and the old!!! If I loved it, you'll love it!! Hope you have fun on your trip!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't wait to go back!!!! Just got back from the Dominican Republic last night and I can't wait to share my stories and photos with my friends. Like most people I came to this website first to get the lowdown on Grand Paradise Bavaro and I was concerned about all the negative reviews I saw. However by the time I read all of them my reservations were already made and as a lot of people pointed out the vacation is what you make it. I've never been a real fussy person so I found the accomodations to be quite satisfactory. I had a junior suite in The Club and the room was always well-kept. I found the staff to be very friendly and hospitable and I enjoyed every minute that I was there. While there I took a couple of tours (the jeep safari, and the catalina island tour) and both were fun as well as culturally educational. I thought the food was great, the nightly shows were very entertaining and the beach was awesome! I would definetly return. Feel free to e-mail me for more info.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Reason88
<Content>A Great Value for Spring Breakers I went here with my girlfriend for Spring Break 06'. We were simply hoping to relax on the beach, have a few drinks, and enjoy ourselves. I think both of us easily accomplished this and I have only a few minor complaints. For one, the beach was beautiful, water was clear as day, almost green at times and warm. The beach is well kept, we had workers coming over to clean cups and debris all the time. My only complaint is the limited amount of swimming area given to guests, the swimming limit line is real close to shore, when low tide comes in you can literally stand at the end, which is dissapointing, there needs to be more leeway here, but this isn't that big of a deal. Food was fine, buffet was nothing special but this is to be expected. A la carte restaurants were all fantastic in my opinion, I tried a lot of new foods and it was all great. One gripe is that they only give you three a la carte reservation tickets per week, which ----- since the restaurants are NEVER full. I don't what is up with this, HOWEVER, it is easily remedied. Go to the help services desk near the check-in counter and ask for another booklet, tip the guy 5 bucks and you have yourself three more great meals. Nothing to it, oh, the wait to reserve can be long but please people, it's near the bar, grab a drink and be patient. Drinks were good, for me, I'm simple cause I like beer, Presidente was fine for this and I kept it in endless supply. My girl preferred the mixed drinks and while there was nothing too spectacular the bartenders for the most part made ok drinks. Rum and cokes, pina coladas, stuff like that did her fine. One thing, TIP! if you tip they will serve you much faster, and who the hell blames them? Smartest advice you will get.Rooms were fine, yes a little dark but who cares they were fine. Maids did a great job cleaning, I have no complaints. The staff was great, if you speak even a little Spanish you'll have it easier but most of them spoke a little English, so no problems.For the price, this place is great, I had an awesome spring break and would recommend it for college kids and couples especailly, can be a little loud probably for families. For those looking for more Ritz-Carlton type luxery, look elsewhere, pay more money, and stop complaining.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was a great vacation, but probably wouldn't go back 8 of my friends and myself went to the Grand Paradise Bavaro for our Spring Break trip. I have never been out of the country, so I didn't know what to expect.AIRPORT: Pretty cute, straw roofs. Confusing when you first get in. They tell you you have to buy a $10 (US) Tourist Card to get through, then you hand it over 2 seconds later. I think it was just a scam for the country to make money, but I don't know. Not much security. TRANSPORTATION: Everyone is willing to help you, for a tip. We had reservations with Preito Tours, all in all it was fine. We tipped $2 per person and they seemed happy with that.As for the resort...FOOD: The food got a little...redundant. The buffet was weird the first night, they had goat! But we found stuff we liked, the pasta bar was a good thing to have so we could fall back on it. I loved the fresh fruit daily! The La Cana Grille is open for everyone for lunch, but they only had roasted chicken, white rice, french fries, pizza, and some salad. By the 4th day I couldn't stand the smell of it. We liked the buffet for breakfast, the omlettes were good! And I usually had toast and water (all the water at all of the restaurants and bars is bottled so you CAN drink it, as well as all the ice). We had a reservation for the Chinese restaurant and the Italian one as well. I was sick for the Chinese one but my friends said it was excellent. The Italian one was just OK. BARS: I didn't drink as much as I thought I would. All the soda was too sweet when it came out of the fountain so rum and cokes were way too sweet. The Banana Mama's were good, but I asked for less rum because they put a ton in it. The beer's actually pretty good. There were 3 bars, one in the buffet, one in the Sportsbar, one on the beach. Hey Buddy at the beach is the best! I never found any other drink I liked too much so I stuck with water most of the trip.POOL: The pool was awesome. There were actually 2 pools, right next to each other, and a couple jacuzzi's. I loved the pools. It was kind of hard to get 9 chairs all together but we managed. People aren't supposed to reserve the chairs, but everyone does anyways.BEACH: I know this sounds stupid but the sand got really annoying. It was EVERYWHERE, and it seemed to be really sticky. I'm sure I'll find sand on me for weeks to come! But the beach was gorgeous. Kind of small, but I think you're allowed to go on to other resorts beaches. The water is beautiful. So blue! And warm!! The undertoe is very strong so be careful. The water sports window has snorkling gear, boogie boards, kyaks, and other stuff they lend out. We always found chairs, just maybe not under one of the shady things.ROOMS: Our room was great. Besides being brought to the wrong room at first, the toilet getting clogged, our shower not working, and the AC not being very cold, it was fine. (HAHA, that sounds horrible). But they fixed the shower right away, and they gave us another key card to keep in the room to keep the AC on at all times. (You only get one key card, and if you want electricity when you're in the room you have to put it in the wall to turn it on...kind of weird). And they fixed the toilet right away too. The maid was great, we tipped her $2 a day and $5 at the end. Our room was always clean by 11 or so with plenty of towels and toilet paper. It was great! Kind of loud at night but, what can you expect? We also had good TV stations which not everyone in our group had. If you want a remote, it's a $20 deposit (we never got one) and a key to the safe is also $20 (we didn't get that either). There's a mini bar which had bottles of Coke, Sprite, Diet Coke, and a gallon of water. We brought our own waters (which I would suggest because I drank about 15 that week). We brought the small Poland Springs bottles and they fit great in the fridge.EXCURSIONS: We booked 2 excursions through Prieto Tours, upstairs in the main building of the resort. They had a list of them to choose from. We did the speed boats and snorkling (all in one type deal) and the ATVs and it came to $120 per couple. It was kind of expensive but there's really not much to do there so we figured it was worth it. Both were great. We loved snorkling. One of the pros was named Hector and he took my water camera and took some great pictures (I would suggest buying a couple water camera's at Walmart for $8 each instead of one at the resort for $28). That was a lot of fun. We tipped Hector $5 and bought the picture they took of us. I could have done without the speedboats but whatever. I loved the ATV one too. They took us to a sort of ranch and showed us Cocoa, Coffee, Grapefruits, and other stuff. It was great. We bought a small container of coffee from the owner for $4. He was thrilled. The grapefruit was excellent, and the coffee was very good too!! We went to the beach, too, and then through the mud so bring some crappy pants and shoes!! And try and not bring a bag, mine's kind of ruined now. But it was alot of fun!! We tipped the leader person $5 because we liked it so much.We then went horseback riding and I didn't like it too much. I've never ridden a horse and my sneakers were soaked from the ATVs so I wore flip flops and my ankles killed!! And my butt and thighs. My horse ran alot, I didn't like that. And when we got to the beach to go swimming it was too cold. I could have done without the horseback riding but it was a good experience. The guys were helpful too and stayed with me because I didn't like to go fast!!The airport home was insane. When we got off of the bus these people RAN to our bags to take them to where we had to go and then expected a tip and we were out of money so we couldn't tip them. They didn't seem to happy. We waited in line to check in for like 25 minutes, and then they picked one of the people in our group to go through her bag. Then they printed 2 tickets for one person and no tickets for another. Luckily we got into the U.S. ok. There were lines everywhere and we didn't really know where we were going. At that point I just wanted to go home!I had a LOT of fun on our vacation, but I don't think I would go back. The resorts were very secluded because there's nothing to do outside the resorts. The shows at the resort were good. I wouldn't recommend getting traveler's checks because they're a pain in the --- to deal with. There's a few shops right off the resort called Punta Blanca, artists and coffee and jewelry. We went 3 times, haggling is pretty good. My friend got the guy down from $60 to $20 for a painting. You can use American money there so don't bother exchanging it.It was a great trip but I'm glad to be home!!! Feel free to email with any questions.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>3	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Straight Scoop on Grand Paradise Just returned yesterday (3-09-06) from Grand Paradise. Like many others, after reading negative reviews, my wife and I were a little worried about our stay. Our worries were totally unfounded. Here's our opionion: We are just your average middle-class travelers. First time to D.R., so we have no other experiance to compare, but we had a wonderful stay at Grand Paradise.Everything from flights to transfers to accomodations went smoothly.Punta Canta Airport- Most people we dealt with spoke enough english to understand quite well. They directed the crowd toward the proper areas. You must buy a $10.00 visitor permit on your way through. It was easy to find our shuttle to the hotel, they tracked us down. Hold on if you're expecting a smooth ride to the hotel. It definitly is not the U.S.  Quite an eye opener. The Hotel- We were greeted and registered in less than 10 minutes, and our luggage was delivered to our room. Room was nice, clean and large, with an ocean view. We were in building 5, just steps to the beach and the pool bar.The staff- Hard working and friendly. Please tip these people well. They work long, hard days. Always pleasant. We tipped the maid $3.00 a day. My wife brought along some simple gifts for her, and left them each day. We had terrific service. We tipped a couple dollars everywhere we went. Bartenders were like family by the end of the week. The best advice we got before we left was to take along a couple of insulated travel mugs. We used them everywhere. Coffee in the morning, and all day long for drinks on the beach. Keeps the drinks cold for a long time in the hot sun.The Food - We loved it. We never did eat in the a la carte restaurants. We chose the buffet every night. There was something new to try every night. It's true that it was a little repetative after a couple of nights, but if you used common sense, and didn't stuff yourself every night with everything you possible could eat, it is a great experiance. The staff greats you with song and dance when the doors open at 6:30, and it is sincere. Your can see the pride in thier faces. We ate at the beach grill every day for lunch. Again we found something new to try every day. No complaints. As for the water, every negative review I have read is incorrect. We were told by our tour guide that all the water served in the restaurants, at the bar, and used in ice cubes is filtered water. The tap water is what you need to avoid. It is not suitable to drink anywhere in the D.R. We drank water with every meal and had no issues at all. The maids always made sure we had a good supply of bottled water in our room.The Beach - World class beautiful. The water is clear and blue. Tried snorkeling at our hotel beach. A little rough and not much to see. I'm sure there are much better places to snorkel if you go on an excursion. If topless women bother you, don't go to the beach. My wife loved the freedom of walking around topless, and we are from the northeast where it's a definite no no. It's a great novelty for the men as well, to see so many bare breasts, but it wears off after a couple days, your don't really think about it. Even saw at least one totally nude woman sunbather, so beware if it bothers you.Excursions - We spent a day on the Jeep Safari. If you want to see the real world of the D.R., I would recommend it. You drive all over the island, and see how the native people really live and work. Make sure you can drive a standard transmission if you book the trip. It was an all day trip. Actually, it could have been a couple hours shorter, toward the end, we were tired of dodging potholes and other drivers. It really, really gives you a sense of how fortunate we are in the U.S. Many of the people are extremly poor. We took a whole bag of wrapped gifts to hand out to the children in the towns as we drove through. We would have brought much more with us if we had known how much the kids loved getting things. Passing through the small villages, children would run out to the side of the road and shout Adio as we passed by, and had smiles on thier faces. Quite an experiance.If you want more information about this hotel, please email me, I would be more than happy to respond.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Tomji
<Content>Mediocre, at Best I don't have much to add because I WHOLLY and ENTIRELY agree with a number of the previous reviews. Refer to March 4, 2006 (Not Bad, but not the Best in Punta Cana), February 26, 2006 (Dont go - substandard resort)and February 21, 2006 (Just O.K.). Yes, the price to go there is cheaper than the rest of the resorts in Punta Cana but there is a reason why! I agree that this resort may be the biggest bang for your buck, but that depends on what you're interested in. This may be a good option for young families or budget minded travellers. I would never go to this place for a romantic get away with my fiance.Anyways, if any of the below bother you and are dealbreakers(as they were for me) - shell out the extra bucks and have yourself a fabulous vacation without second guessing yourself as to why you ever chose to go to the Grand Palace. I have my eye on the Secrets Excellence next time around!Things that Bothered Me:- You will not go hungry at the buffet. The food isn't good but it's not bad either. One thing that bothered me was that there were a number of buffet items that were clearly popular with the masses because the tray would empty quickly. What was frustrating is that at times, there were multiple empty trays at the buffet because the buffet dishes were not being restocked on a timely basis. I'm not talking about a few minutes, but significantly longer. And if you waited too long, the fruit trays were picked over and were left empty! Seriously, all the fruit was gone! I found this to be inadequate.- The wait staff were poorly organized: one employee was in charge of filling glasses with water, one employee was charged with setting tables, one employee was in charge of fetching coffee. They wandered randomly about carrying out their duties and it wasn't unusual to be overlooked and sitting at an empty table for 5-10 minutes without utensils or without a glass of water.- The tableware was dirty. Glasses routinely had stuff on them.- There were tableware shortages throughout the week. One morning, there were no coffee cups or glasses to be found. These shortages extended to the rest of the hotel as well. For example, one day the Towel Place asked me to return after 1PM because the ran out of towels. Furthermore, the housekeeping staff would take the towels when they cleaned the room only to return them in the late afternoon. They needed to do this because they didn't have enough towels at the time they cleaned the rooms.- Even though we tipped the housekeeping staff, they weren't very good at cleaning the room on a timely basis. For the majority of the week, our room was cleaned at about 4PM (and they still took the towels!) even though we asked Reception to speed up the process (very nicely, with please's and thank you's). The two times that the room was cleaned in the morning - we were so surprised, my mother and I's jaws dropped.- The rooms are conducive to carrying noise. It's true that as soon as someone is doing something as innocuous as walking down the hall, you will hear it. The problem is amplified the moment that people are making conversational noise or coming home smashed from the disco. Granted, I know this is a resort and people are supposed to have fun - but I've been to other resorts and this is honestly the worst it's been.- The lighting throughout the whole hotel is dark. I can get past this, as 85% of the locals don't even have electricity. The lighting is very dim in the rooms and in the restaurant, and I didn't enjoy it - but took it with a grain of salt. However, this may be disconcerting for others!Anyways, Caveat Emptor!PS - I never got sick. I think drinking the water at the resort is fine, as long as you don't drink the tap water.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad .... but not the best in Punta Cana Spent the week of Feb. 23 to March 2nd at the Grand Paradise Hotel. There were eighteen of us travelling. All and all we did have a good time. This was my 7th visit to Punta Cana. I had previously stayed at Riu Melao, Grand Bahia Principe, Princess Punta Cana, Bavaro Princess, Flamingo and the Beach Barcelo Bavaro. Of those 7 hotels, there are only two I would not go back to and the Grand Paradise is one of them, the other being the Flamingo where the service was horrible.Hereafter are the things I enjoyed at the Grand Paradise:- Entertainment/atmosphere: lots of entertainment planned in the evenings and things to do during the day.- Restaurants: (once you got past the wait - which is the worst I have experienced down south - nice variety of restaurants and the food was good.- Breakfast buffet: good selection.- Hotel size: somewhat small for Punta Cana making everything close by, which was nice for a change.- Beach: the beach in Punta Cana is hard to beat. Nice white sand and blue water. It was not a problem to get beach chairs. We had to get up early to reserve a palapa for shaded areas - but his is common to all hotels. This hotels does have a good number of palapas.- Costs: this was one of the lowest prices I have paid for a trip in Punta Cana.Now on to the things I did not enjoy so much:- room lighting: so low it is very difficult to see or pack at night.- cleanliness: the room was cleaned very quickly and not thoroughly, dishes were not very clean- dishes: other than the fact that it was not thoroughly washed, the hotel often ran out of clean dishes, especially cereal bowls in the morning where we often had to wait 30-45 minutes to get a bowl...- dinner buffet: food was just OK and given that the lighthing in the buffet area was very low, you often had to guess what was in the food.- hotel location: this hotel is located in a more secluded area of the beach than some of the other hotels I stayed at and I prefer a more central location.- drinks: this is the only hotel in Punta Cana that offered a limited selection of drinks. I could not even get a Caipirina... which was quite a disappointment for me.This pretty much covers it. So all in all, we had a good time but I will choose another hotel next time.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't go-substandard resort! First off, let me say that the comments made by previous vacationers who are saying that this resort is fantastic, and the best vacation they ever had must not take too many vacations. I do not consider myself a complainer, hard to please, and uptight. When you spend tens of thousands of dollars on a vacation, you have certain expectations. There were 10 of us in total, celebrating my parents 50th anniversary. There were 7 adults and 3 children. Let me say that this is definitely not a place for small children. my children saw topless women at the pool walking around,evern though there is a sign forbidding this, it is not enforced and a couple having ---- in the community hot tub at one in the afternoon. We were so upset at this that when we mentioned to the couple to go upstairs as there were little children around, they laughed and continued. The staff could care less also. The food was absolutely terrible except for Manglars. Here is the one thing I want to get across-if you can change your reservation, go somewhere else. If not, Absolutely do not drink any water, unless bottled. This goes for any bar drink with ice cubes. All 10 of us were violently ill for 4-5 days. Some people around us needed IV's for dehydration. On our last day we asked a worker what the return rate is here for vacationers and his answer was 0 PERCENT! It is also extremely noisy at all hours. If you need sleep you are out of luck. I could go on and on about this resort. People keep saying in their reviews that it is a good value. If that's all you care about, this is the resort for you. If you care about more than just getting the biggest bang for your buck, do not go here-you will be severly disappointed.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just O.K We took our two children to the Grand Paradise it was our first family vacation the travel agent told us it was a 4 star well we had a good time the food however was very bad we all had some issues with the staff even when we gave gift bags every day and tips our room was cleaned everyday but overall we were very disappointed . We have gone south the past tw0 years on cruises and have been spoiled the food is second to none the staff is wonderful and the best part is you wake up in a new place every morning . Our kids are 10 and 16 they enjoyed the cruise 10 times to the experence at the grand paradise .  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Beach A group of eight we are that visited the Grand Paradise, the week of Feb.11 - 18th It was uneventful to the hotel. Check in took us 45 mins for 4 couples. There was no welcoming drink or porter to take our luggage to our rooms. The rooms were clean. The refirgerator had bottle water and pop in it. It was $20.US for the safe key. WE had hot water at all times. The maids cleaned the rooms daily but no extras even when we left them gifts.?? There was along line up to reserve the resturants 1.5 hours. The food was fine but serve was slow and some of them could notunderstand. Meals were mixedup and even for gotten if you asked for wine. Buffet was good but it got busy at times and you would have to stand outside to wait to go in. Entertainment sucked except for 2 nights when we had dancers and skits and not just audience participation. Staff would say in5 minutes which meant maybe 30 or 45. In our building we had a lot of young adults late teens who pulled the fire alarm and were playing with the hoses. They got a lot complaints so if you want to sleep be prepared for noise. I life fun but at 4am it was a bit much. It wasnot only one night. We had fun because we went with great friends but would I go back there. Answer NO!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel at an awesome price My girlfriend and I returned yesterday (Feb. 15, 2006) from the Grand Paradise Bavaro. We had gone with pretty low expectations given the amount of people complaining on this site. We were really wrong. This resort is a great value. Yes, you're in a different country so the Chinese food won't be like China Town in NYC. But if you can get over that you're in for a real treat. The workers are the nicest I've met and they work very hard. If you speak even a little Spanish to them they really appreciate it. And yes, tipping in a place like this is KEY. While other were waiting in lines for food, drinks, etc. my girlfriend and I had no waiting at all. We tipped and eventually people were bringing us drinks. The food is good and you get plenty of it. The beach is world class and HUGE. You could walk for hours if you really wanted to (but the beer is at the resort so......). Also, the grounds are kept VERY clean. You'll see employees constantly picking up empty cups, etc. from the pool areas as well as the beach. People need to keep in mind if you're looking for the Ritz Carlton you need to go there. But if you're looking for a great vacation value this is the place. If you have any other questions please feel free to email me.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ksnavalon
<Content>Go with an Open Mind and Have Fun.......Great Value Vacation! I have to tell you, after reading SO many negative about this resort...I was truly worried. My boyfriend and I are both in our late 30's and have traveled quite extensively (Bermuda, Bahamas, Jamaica, Antiqua, St. Lucia, Puerto Rico, Costa Rica)---you get the idea. We had very low expecations when we left NJ for our vacation.We did not have transportation arranged from the airport to the Grand Paradise...but easily grabbed a taxi ($30 US) and beat the crowd out of the airport. It was approximately a 30 minute ride to the resort and we arrived at the check-in counter and were immediately accomodated. We tried to upgrade our room with a nice tip...but no ocean rooms were available and he refused the tip. No big deal...we only needed our room to shower and sleep! The room was a decent size...yes, it was a bit dark as I've read in reviews but the sink area in the bath area was well lit and all you needed. The room key activates the air conditioning and lights which I found to be a fantastic idea as far as conserving electricity. (I've read complaints about that too and can't figure out what the big deal is.)We tipped our maid a few dollars every day and were lavished with extra towels...extra water...extra diet coke. It was all we needed. My first impression of the pool/pool bar area was not great. Tons of fat guys in bikinis...beautiful girls and a big line at the bar. However, after landing a few drinks (we ordered 4 beers at a time)...we started to relax. The guests were all having a wonderful time...and I stopped judging everyone around me. We were all there for the same reason....to have fun! We tipped the bartender on every round...just $1...and let me tell you....we were treated like ROYALTY. The bartenders knew who we were...and we never waited for anything.The food was MORE than adaquate. Again..had very low expectations and was nicely surprised. I'm not a big buffet person...but for breakfast...I quite enjoyed it. Tons of fruit, fantastic bread, cheese, meats and just about anything you could possible think of. Lunch buffet at La Cana was also enjoyable...I stuck with pizza and french fries...but there were many other choices (ie grilled chicken, fish)...La Cana overlooks the ocean and the palm trees.....You seat yourself and help yourself and waiters are happy to serve you cocktails...the beach bar is just steps away. As far as dinner...we ate twice at the Asian restaurant and once at the Italian. We ordered the same food both times in the Asian place because we liked it...and really enjoyed the appetizers in the Italian restaurant...(fresh bread, procuitto, mozzarella  tomatoes, olives, grilled eggplant)...we ate so much that I actually wished I hadn't ordered dinner. My entree was not great and I was relieved not to eat it as I was stuffed!!! :)Making reservations for dinner is a bit of a pain...I stood in line for about an hour...HOWEVER, the line is formed by the beach bar...so grab yourself a few drinks..talk to people in line..and make the best of it. DO make all of your reservations at once so that you don't have to do it again. It really wasn't a big deal.The beach was the nicest I have EVER seen....(and I live on one!!!!!!) The sand was white and had the consistency of powdered sugar...the water was so many colors of blue..clear and clean...it was simply gorgeous. The workers at the resort rake any seaweed that has accumulated on the sand...and pick up all trash from the guests...It was beautifully kept and stretched on and on...you could walk forever. The beach was five star*****!!!!!! Plenty of chairs and palapas...my only suggestion is that if you need shade...take your towels down in the morning and reserve yourself a few chairs. Reserve in front of the beach bar...as it is quieter AND...the beach bar is unused during the day....no waiting (and remember...if you tip...you won't wait anyways.) We spent the entire day on the beach...and virtually no time at the pool.The beer was great...the vino blanc was ok...the rum and diet cokes were killer...best pina coladas and not so great margaritas...no reason to complain. If you order a drink and don't like it...DON'T complain...and don't drink it. TRY something else. You can make this trip what you want it to be. You are in a third world country and should EXPECT things to be different.You are getting a bargain at this place. Yes, the resort itself is more like a Holiday Inn (you aren't paying for the Ritz Carlton)...it is a value vacation and it is one worth taking. I am planning on taking my children to this resort in the fall. PS...we didn't get sick....and we ate, and drank a lot! Take Immodium just in case and be prepared.PSS....to those of you who LOVE to complain, my advice is, don't go...stay home...and be miserable. PSS....TIP TIP TIP. They don't expect it...and every $1 we handed over was SO VERY appreciated. Not like here in the states where everyone just EXPECTS to be handed money. These people work hard and deserve to be treated well by the visitors to their country. If you have any questions...feel free to email me at ksnavalon@yahoo.com! :) :) :)  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation! I read many reviews before I left, I'm glad I listened to the ones that enjoyed themselves because we had a great time! We got back yesterday.Check in was easy, we requested a room in Bldg 6 (they already had us in rm 6127) nice room first floor, view of ocean, no complaints here. We were close to the beach, pool and bar. They brought our bags to us within 10 minutes and we began to unpack relax.The rooms are nice, average, but are you there to sit in a room or be out on the beach? We left the maid $2 a day and the fridge was stocked with water and soda and all was clean. I brushed my teeth with bottled water; my boyfriend didn't but had no issues. We brought large insulated mugs (about 16oz) they worked well for coffee in the AM and brought them to the bar the rest of the day and drank Delicious Paradise (yum) saved trips to the bar since their glasses are quite small.Buffet was good, after a few days it gets to be the same old thing so make reservations for the restaurants. Make them as much in advance as you can like three days at once, otherwise you waste good beach time. The Asian rest, was ok, no sake or plum wine, serving size avg, food was good.Seafood rest. was good. Dominican rest. was the best.Try some Mama Juana ...:-) I heard the rest. at the club was great, esp the stk sandwich for lunch. We didn't make it over there but people liked it.Beach was awesome, waves made it fun, if you like the Jersey shore you'll love this, it's not rough just enough to play. I put our towels out at 7am, yes people are up reserving spots at that time. We learned that early. Exchange your towels at 1pm so you have them to lay out the next morning. Plenty of loungers but it was a crowded week so we got our spot early.We went to Capt Cooks for dinner, well worth the $100.The most amazing seasoning on the large seafood platter that is for two people (but could feed 4 easily)We had a massage on the beach which was heaven! My boyfriend got a Henna tattoo which was really nice. She does a great job!The Catamaran tour was all day, it was fun, we had all Americans with us so it was nice to be able to speak English and talk to others. Snorkeling tour is good if you go out to the reef there aren't many fish near the hotel.Staff was very helpful overall. Some of them were not too helpful with the Superbowl, but we finally managed to get that playing in the Sports bar. Tip them and they can't do enough for you. The market next door is pretty good. Bargain them down. You can get nice bracelets for $4. Two childrenéˆ¥æªš outfits for $5 ea. We probably could do even better but they need to make a living too.All in all we had a really nice vacation and plan to go back in the future.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First time at an All- Inclusive....... We had an absolutely amzing time! My family and I stayed for 4 days and it was the most relaxing vacation we have ever had! The food was good, beach was great, and the included drinks were even better! Please remember that this is a relaxing resort, don't go if you are still have your 9:00 to 5:00 attitude. We are planning another trip!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jlnhbc
<Content>Caring, Compassionate staff Vacations are important to all of us and when we go away we expect things to be just right. Before we left on our vacation, I read the reviews of this resort and saw a number of negative comments about service, staff, food, towels, silverware, beach chairs, etc. I'll admit it made me a bit uneasy but we went anyway. We were there for less than 12 hours when we received a call from home that a close family member had died suddenly and unexpectedly. We needed to get home as soon as possible. We needed immediate help in making travel plans. The staff could not have been more sympathetic, compassionate and caring. They helped us reschedule our flight. We were unable to get an immediate flight from Punta Cana so they made arrangements for us in Santo Domingo and got us to the airport for our flight home with time to spare. Our unused all inclusive fees were returned without us even having to ask and we were offered assistance in packing so we could leave quickly. When it really mattered, the staff showed us the kind of people they are. We will return to this resort someday and if we have to put up with some minor inconvenieces we will do so. The people made all the difference to us when we needed them and we are grateful.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>angelll
<Content>Grand Paradise is paradise! When we arrived we were warmly greeting with a rum punch. Check-in went very smoothly. Our room was nice..toilet  shower area is a little cramped for space. I was very happy to see there was an ironing board  iron in the room. The staff was very friendly  helpful. When making reservations for the restaurants its best to make it for 3 days at a time..otherwise you waste valuable beach time waiting in the long line. The beach was gorgeous..kept very clean  there were plenty of chairs. The food was o.k...a good variety..you won't starve. The exercise classes on the beach were great..enjoyed them. I never used the fitness room..preferred to stay outside in the nice weather. There was no language problem..most of the staff spoke English very well. I feel this resort is a great value for the money.If you have any questions email me!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!       beautiful beach  
<Date>Jan 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Watch your money! The property was just ok but the beach was beautiful. I do not recommend this resort at all! We were just there 4 days ago and on the first day we were robbed of our money from our room in the evening time when no one should have been in our room! All the hotel manager could say is sorry, you are in a different country, but we will try to investigate. No help what so ever! We got out of there the very next morning and went to a much much nicer resort! Anyone may email me with any questions. Thanks  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>legalegal
<Content>Had a fabulous time!!! We stayed here for 5 days. I was apprehensive after reading all of the terrible reviews, but my husband and I had a wonderful time at GBP. The buffet wasn't bad, the sit down restaurants were great-the Dominican food being the best. The staff was very accomodating. It helps if you speak spanish (my husband is fluent,) but I had no problem communicating. They speak 5 languages and the resort is filled with Italians, French, Germans and S. Americans. Personally, if I wanted everyone to speak English, I wouldn't leave the U.S.! The gift shop is reasonable except for sunscreen, meds and other U.S. imports. We tipped well and bribed the front dest with $20 U.S. instead of the $20 per day the hotel charges for an ocean view room. Don't bother staying at the club. The suites at the Club are more expensive and are new, but everyone comes to GBP to hang out because of the activities and the beach. Oh, the beach - fantastic! The shows were great and the animation staff is in top shape. Dancing lessons and aerobics were fun. I got sick at the end, but you can't drink the water in DR or eat fruit you don't peel yourself. I think the food on an excursion got me sick. One complaint - the time share salesmen were annoying as hell avoid them and be rude- they will get the hint. The room decor is tacky - but we weren't in the room that much. The balcony view was beautiful. You cannot beat the GBP for the price.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Caribbean Paradise...Beautiful!       View from room 6232  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Moderate but nothing special We go away every year and had heard that the beaches in Punta Cana are fantastic. On that there is no dispute, they were the most beautiful we have seen. We stayed at the Grand Paradise and although it is quite true that it is very clean, we found that overall we were quite disappointed. The food, for the most part, bordered on being absolutely terrible, although we did have one fantastic meal in the International al a carte restaurant. The people were warm and wonderful but the service was very basic. Probably because most people don't leave even a minimal tip at the end of their meal, which would certainly discourage me. I would rate this as a 3.5 star hotel, not the 4.5 we thought we were paying for.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>fish3d
<Content>OK for most but not for me My wife and I stayed from Dec 25th till Jan 4th. Before I write about the GPB let me explain a few things. My family goes every year and has for the last 8 years. This was my wife and I first vist.We NEVER go to places where jets can land, have golfcourses or casinos. Typically when we go away it isto small islands where the population is less thana few hundred. I mention the above because I knewit was going to be difficult to adjust to the noise, etc but anyway here is my review.The staff is fantastic. Shame on any of you thathave complained about lack of service. Yes it maybe slow at times but the staff always smiles andmost put in 15 hour days. OUr electricity went outfor an hour one day and it took about 2 hours to getcorrected. Big deal, you are in the islands to relax.The food was ok considering. I am a VERY, VERY pickyeater. If you go to the buffets only eat the foodthat looks appetizing. In other words if yourfavorite dish is one of the meals but it doesn'tlook good dont eat it.TIP..everyday from noon till 5 pm the La Cana grillhas fresh baked chicken. There are fries salad and usually a fish and pork dish. We ate the chicken everyday. Yes everyday. We skipped the buffet.If you want to eat in one of the ala carte restaurantsreservations are required. The reservationist sits next to the LaCana grill starting at 10:30 I believe.Typically there are long lines. You can avoid thishassle by going to  The Club  portion of the resort a short tram ride and and she is there at 8:30am. Skip the Chinese restaurant unless you are from some backwater in the midwest. No offense to midwesterners etc but if you are from the boonies in North Dakota it will probably seem fine. Long pants are required. We never ate at the Italian Restaurant. La Cana Grill and the Seafoodrestaurant were ok, nothing more. Some portions of some meals were very good, others sucked.We stayed in room 3128,our family had that wholeside of the building, lower floor. Our room was the nicest as it was on the end. We left 2 dollars every day for Candida our housekeeper. We asked for an extragallon of bottled water each day and got it, butnot because we tipped. Regarding tipping, come on folks...loosen up. We gave our regular servers 10.00each per week and occaisonally 2 dollars here and there. Many people staying never give anything. THeworkers put in incredibly long days and do so with a smile. A buck here and there won't make or break you.The beach is beautiful, but can be crowded. We are early risers and would lay our towels under the beach palapa each morning at about 7 am just before we had our coffee and fruit and the buffet. If you try and get one after 10 or 10:30 you may have a problem.Unfortuantely a helicoper flys by about every 20 minutes from some sightseeing tour.The roomlights are dim so if you want to read at night bring a book light.There is hi speed computer access for 10.00 per  hour.. The three unitsare located in the game room which is quite noisy ifyou need to work.I never went to the night clubs or shows so can't comment. Most of the people I spoke to were quitesatisfied with the hotel and food. Don't forgetto brush your teeth with the bottled water.Cab from the airport is typically 30 bucks, I gavea 5 dollar tip.For fun you may want to take a cab to a restaurantcalled Capitan Cooks in El Cerrito, a 15 minute15 dollar cab ride. Its on the beach and has greatlobster and fresh caught fish. If you want to splurgethey have a platter for 100.00 that includes allyour drinks, dessert etc. The platter includes 3 or4lobsters ( 1 big, 3 small) shrimp, fish, musselsetc. Too much food for two folks! Anyway if youare looking for an inexpensive beach vacation this might be the place for you. Have fun  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worth the Money!! Beautiful!!       Gorgeous Beach!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Vacation Pitt This was our third trip to Punta Cana in 3 years...we have just returned from 9 days of nonsense. The resort is a 3* rating--PLEASE know this before you go.This entire vacation experience leaves much to be desired. We traveled as a couple looking for sun, relaxation, quality food,drink and fun with people you meet. 90% of the guests were French and did not speak Englsih. We were so dissapointed! Our intial check in should have clued us in. We have never been to a resort where the hotel reception was as incompetenet as this including leaving your key in an envelope pn the desk in front of you as check their check in policy. We had to find our own bellman and find our way to our romm at 9:00 pm in the dark by ourselves. Don't worry about tipping on that one. We switched rooms 3 times and were eventually upgraded to the club. A special part of the resort (in a parking lot setting) a tram ride away, but no beach. The only part of this that made it pleasent was that the club was more exclusive. If you haven't heard by now, you must be French to appreciate any of this. The service was horrible on all accounts. Don't waste your $ in the Metaphorsis spa--4 massages later at $65USD for 35 minutes (not the 50 minutes you paid for)Don't bother tipping unless you feel like dumping more $.The food at any part of this resort was dull, repetative, lacking any quality capability. The ONLY a la carte that even came close to a nice meal was The Manglar on the club side--but you are only entitled to 3 a la carte meals in a 7 day stay(we weren't told this before booking, our travel agent wasn't aware of this either). Buffet gets old after 2 days. The drinks were below average. No name brands here. Be prepared to get up early if you want a proper breakfeast. Do not eepect clean napkins or place settings anywhere. Oh yes, don't look for clean bathrooms anywhere throughout the resort. Bring your own beach towels as they run out of them at 10:00 am. Tipping doesn't get you too far here either. The entertainment was below average for the enitre 9 days. Don't look for this resort to get you going anywhere but back home to plan your next trip elsewhere. This is by sure the poorest hotel vacation choice we had ever made. The prior visits to the Allegro and Occidental resorts in Punta Cana were far better. We could write complaints for a good few months. We strongly urge anyone reading this to research and book a different resort.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value, no luxury       Horseback Excursion is a MUST!!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Its what you make of it       parrots on the beach  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>in feb will be my 6th time in two years I hav been many times and these reviews are wrong one woman wrote she paid extra to stay at the grand paradise, when it is actually extra to stay at the club, she got burned and not by the sun . The club is for exclusive the beach is for fun, both are fine romance and class explains the club, while sports beach closer and games are at the grand paradise. When I go with kids, i stay at the grand paradise, but wil my husband, the club, no kids, quiet and classy, although another time i went the for two weeks with my cousin, we couldnt stand anymore noise and spanish music so we swithed to the club, and relaxed either is good this feb will be my 6th time in 2 years, I bought a time share there and consider it my second home, the staff is great and we have remained friends. and yes, tipping is good.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Basic Bliss Review below is very accurate. This is a 4* resort with a 5+ beach. My wife and I travelled with our 13yr old daughter and 9yr old son. They were amazed. The resort meets all basic requirements and was enjoyable. It does not compare to the Mayan or larger resorts. Rooms: are basic and American hotel style or Lack of style. This is an American resort and you can tell. Everything is just enough to meet the need, without spending extra. That being said, it was well worth our discounted fare from exitnow-ca (were Canadian). Tip the maid and you'll have fresh towels and flower displays. We brougth toys from a $1 store and left $1-2. Forgot one morning - no towels or floweres.Food: adequate selection, but no sparkle. The Club cart meal was the best. Take the train or walk.Pool: clean, but small. Scuba lessons were great. Keep your towels over night. They do run out too much.Service: Good and polite. Always smiling. Tip.Beach: Walk up beach and climb the sand dune. What a view. Horse trail provides a different scenary.Bar: Good, but no name brand bozz.Shopping: walk out the gate and turn left. No taxi needed, but you will need to yard-sale bargin. A quick guideRum Anniversary - $14Paintings - $10-30Braclets $4-5Statues $15Take their first price and cut in 1/2. Walk away. Next guy will have the same thing.Town: taxi is $12, return you can negotiate to $8Walk across from where they drop you off. Face left and walk to corner bar. Around corner and up is a pharmacy. Best prices on rum...Snorkel tour: Worth the money. Boat ride is great.Breezes is next door and appears to be a newer resort with trapeze and rock climbing. Same great beach. You decide. I'm returning to next door, but would return to the Grand if price delta was too much.Sickness: NOBODY was sick. Food/Drinks/Water is safe.Enjoy - we did.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Honkindude
<Content>I'd give it a solid 4* I thought I'd throw in a quick review as we always research this site before going away and I thought I should add my 2 cents as well ... We just got back ..Travelled there with two children aged 8  10 December 8 - 15. This was our first trip to the caribbean with our two kids. My wife and I had been to Dominican  Cuba by ourselves before but we were a little nervous bringing the kids this time.These would be my ratings:Resort - 4. Very well kept. A great resort for kids  families as it's on the smaller side compared with other resorts in Punta Cana. Everything is within a short walking distance. There is a sister resort next door called the Club. You take a 5 minute trolley ride to get there. My wife and I went and explored it the one day. It is much quieter. The have a nice pool but no beach. People staying at this section have to come to the main resort for the beach.I think everyone there was french. Even the animation staff were only speaking french. We ate at the their restaurant one evening as it is an alacarte. It was very nice and the food was very good. A nice change from the buffet.The Beach - 5+. The beach is gorgeous. Never had a problem getting a lounger as we have in other resorts. Be careful of the waves as the water can be very rough. there is a strong undertow so I would not let small children venture out too far. My kids had a blast boogie boarding. The room - 3+. The room was comfortable. Nothing fancy but was very clean. We had two double beds that were very comfortable for us and the kids. The bathroom could have used some minor tweaking and the water pressure wasn't the greatest. The maids did a great job of keeping everything tidy. Give the Maid a buck everyday and don't be cheap .. this is nothing for us and they really appreciate it. Mini bar stocked with Coke, Sprite and water but no beer unfortunately. This was not a big deal as the bar was only a minute's walk away.The Food - 3. The food was a little disappointing. Usual Buffet stuff. Nothing fancy. Usual omelette station in the morning. Not a big selection of fresh fruit. We ate lunch at the beach bar every day. The pizza and the roasted chicken was delicious .. better than Swiss Chalet. The kids stuck to the chicken, Pizza and french fries everyday. The food was very repetative however. Try to eat at a few of the alacartes as it breaks up a week of the buffet.The Kids Club 5+. The staff at the kids club were fantastic. Ana, Micky, and Lucy did a great job keeping the kids entertained. There were generally 8-10 kids there everyday. It was great as some of the kids spoke different languages but they all seemed to get along together wonderfully. I must admit we were a little leary leaving the kids by themselves but rest assured all three girls do a wonderful job at supervising the kids. You can leave them there for as long or as little as you want. We generally left them for an hour in the morning and an hour in the afternoon. This was a family vacation so we wanted to spend a lot of time with our kids. I think some families took advantage and left their kids there everyday for the entire day.They had games and contests for the kids to participate in and they had a little mini-disco every evening at the main stage. The kids had a blast. Overall I would rate the entire resort as a 4*. Not a 4+ as sunquest does. Lots of people form all over the world. I would say that we (english speaking) were in the minority at this resort. A lot of European and spanish speaking tourists at this resort. Even people from other parts of the Dominican were here on holiday.A lot of people we spoke with at the airport on our journey home had rave reviews of the Gran Bahia Principe which is just a short walk down the beach from the Grand Paradise. We might try that next. We had a great holiday but would probably not go back to the Grand paradise but would definitely return to a Bavaro Beach resort.Hope this review helps.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jess152
<Content>It really was paradise!       Gorgeous beach!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Glad to get home and back to work! My wife and I just got home last night from the éˆ¥æ·•rand Paradise Bavaroéˆ¥?In Punta Cana area in the Dominican Republic. We were there from the 26th of November to the 3rd of December. Over all the hotel was very nice, the grounds well kept and our room, though, could use a bit of up dating was clean  comfortable. The maid was there every day and moped our room with bleach, so like some places we have stayed in the tropics, our room never smelled of mold. The beach @ the resort was one of the best we have been on. Now the down side of the hotel was the food, I will put it bluntly éˆ¥?IT SUCKED!éˆ¥?The best meal we had was going to and coming back on our plane! We both got the runs off the food, and so did most of the folks that we talked to. We stayed away from the water, drinking only bottled, did not eat the fruit, but still went through a whole box of Imodium and had to buy more @ the store in the resort. If you go to the Dominican any were, I would suggest keeping a box on hand. One gentleman we met had gotten a prescription of Imodium from his doctor and still was having a problem. The best part, talking to other people from other resorts in Dominican Republic, the food to them @ this resort was better then any of the other resorts that they had stayed @!!!When we first got there, there was allotting of French people. We have been to allot of different islands and never been around such a bunch of rude people in our life! The women were the worst, had one grab a spoon from my hand @ the buffet and pushed here way in front of me! Thank god the Frenchies left by Tuesday. After the rude Frenchies left most of the folks that were left were Italians, Germans and the Canadians, with a few Americans. They were for the most part, all very nice people, polite and courteous. The bar drinks were strong but limited on the type of drinks. If you are going to head there with children, let you be warned that one out of 15 women went topless. Not that itéˆ¥æªš a big deal, but if youéˆ¥æª™e prudish, this island may not be for you. We rated this resort a 3, mostly because it was a nice resort, great beach, and the workers were friendly and appreciated even a small tip. Like we had said, the downfall was the food, even @ the restaurants, the food was bad, well prepared but still was bad. My suggestions is save your $$$ and spend a bit more and head to a different island.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>great
<Content>don't believe everything you read               More photos  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pinklaw
<Content>could have been better We stayed at this Hotel in August 2004. The checkin was awful. We had just been on a plane for over 9hours, stuck in the airport on arrival, overheated on the transfer coach and then told at the check in at the hotel that our room wasnt ready but if we waited (fully clothed, hot and bothered) for (as it turned out 2 hours) a short while we would get the key to our room ! This was not in the middle of the night but 3pm in the afternoon.... We were all hungry and could only find some nacho's or popcorn in the pool bar (the games room - not the swimming pool). We were given a map and key and pointed in the right direction for our room (be warned there are no lifts to the floors) we were situated on the 2nd floor near the beach restaurant. We had asked the holiday agent to arrange an extra bed in the room as our party consisted of 2 adults and 2 children 15 and 11. This had not been dealt with but the Hotel did come up trumps and provided a 3rd double bed sized mattress for the floor. The rooms were spacious although sparse and very gloomy at nights. The air conditioning was noisy and we did have a couple of unwanted visitors at night (cockroaches - giant ones to boot) who entered under the large gap under the door. There was no access to the restaurants from the rooms which meant when it rained (and boy does it rain at times) you got soaking wet. We saw quite a few people fall in the wet conditions as the paths could be quite slippery when wet. The restaurants vary from the main buffet area which we ate at most nights to the chinese, italian and mexican near the beach. We were told on our arrival that if we didnt like chinese food we would love the chinese restaurant and we understood them as there was no hint of chinese in fact the same meals appeared in all the themed restaurants under different names ! The bar staff at the pool bar were down right ignorant and the hotel lacks bar facilities. We went on the 3 boats trip to the island of saona. Very expensive and if you dont like boats and insects then dont bother.... We met people who had gone on most of the trips and none of them had a good word to say about them so we left the trips from then on. The beach is absolutely wonderful. We shopped at the hotel next door as their shop was cheaper than the hotel shop. The hotel was quite empty on our second week but you still had to queue every night if you wanted to eat in one of the themed restaurants. If memory serves me right the queue opened at 6,30pm for you to book for that night. There was no restrictions on how many times you ate there but you did have to book the same night. The buffet restaurant was about the best. I had looked forward to our first visit to the Dom Rep but cant say I would return after visiting this particular place.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The under-rated hotel FLIGHT: I was aboard a skyservice aircraft which was quite tight on space, but overall the flight was smooth and relaxing.. i give it a 8/10CHECK IN: Make sure you get in line quickly! Request building 6 as it is by far the best. When you get the response the building is busy, their are no rooms availible in building six i advise you to hand a twenty (US) over to the clerk. This got a me an oceanview room in the heart of the action, corner unit, on the ground floor. Overall service was quick and friendly. 8/10ROOMS: The rooms were quite spacious, clean, and comfortable. Nothing exceptional but good value for the dollar. 7.5/10FOOD: The food was your average all inclusive style. Mostly repitive buffet which is quite good. I strongly advise you to stay away from seafood and the omelettes, as many people got sick. A la carte is an incovenience because you must line up at 7 am to make reservations. 7.5/10POOLS: Their was 2 large clean, cool pools in the main resorts, and a stunning more private one in the club section. 8.5/10 BEACH: SIMPLY UNCOMPARABLE!! white sand, no dirt, crystal clear, calm, warm water. absolutely breathe taking...amazing.... 10/10!!SERVICE: Service was extremely slow, but extremely friendly. Have patience its the carribean! 7/10ENTERTAINMENT: Lots of games during the day for all ages. Great volleyball! The nightly entertainment is short and low budget but excellent! Overall i was never bored! 9/10OTHER: unfortunately in this hotel bribes dont get you extra towels... CONCLUSION: This was a wonderful resort and a great vacation. The resort was amazing value, the best atmosphere, and a fantastic place for people of all ages. Be aware the Americans complain way to much. If little imperfections bother you stay at the Dictatorshop runned Bahia. The atmosphere is unbeatable and the Host Big John makes sure your vacation is great.I visited the Bahia and was not impressed, I strongly recommend this resort. I give it an overall rating of an 8.5/10!!!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful place for our 5 yr Anniversary! We were at the Grand Paradise the week of Oct. 9, 2005. My husband and I went there to celebrate our 5 year annivesary and had a wonderful time!When we arrived, we were able to find our shuttle and arrived at the hotel quickly. We were greeted warmly by Claribel at the front desk and allowed to check in early (11:00am) which was nice. Claribel was very pleasant and also spoke very good English, which helped us out considerably. She gave us a wonderful room in Bldg. 6 on the 3rd floor. We had a view of the beach and the pools - we couldn't have asked for a better spot. I have to admit, we had some reservations about how things were going to go from some of the reviews we had read, but Claribel set the tone for our entire vacation and everything went very well.The room was clean and comfortable. The maid did a good job of keeping it stocked and cleaned. We did have to ask for washcloths and handcloths each day, but always received them promptly. I don't think those are standard for the people in the DR, but it is what we are used to and the accomodated us nicely.We had no problems getting reservations at the restaurants. We were actually able to make all of ours at the same time. It would have been nice to have more than 3 nights for these rest., but we managed with the buffet just fine the rest of the time. We were not a big fan of breakfast, as we are just used to cereal and donuts, but found that the egg station was quite good. Things did start to all taste the same by the end of the week, but we had no problems with the food. We did not get sick, as others had stated they had. We had no problem getting a cabana when we wanted or chairs by the pool. There was always plently of space. This was not their busy time of year, so I'm sure that helped.It did rain a little every day, but it was so humid, that was to be expected. We didn't let it ruin our fun!We took part in the shows and activities that they had at the resort and had a great time. We were called up on stage for almost every show we went to and learned to dance, among other things. We also took an excursion with Bavaro Runners (Mimi was our guide). It was a great way to see the DR countryside and we had lots of fun. You could drink all the Rum you wanted and lunch was included with the price. My husband and I are not big drinkers, but we had a good time on this excursion. We had booked the excursion with Jose, one of the reps at the hotel, and he was also very kind to us. He even took us into downtown one afternoon so we could go shopping and then picked us back up and brought us back to the hotel. He was a riot!!! Overall, we had a wonderful time. We are glad we picked Punta Cana as a place to spend our 5 year anniversary, as we will surely remember it. I believe your experience is only as good as you believe it is going to be. We went with a positive attitude and treated everyone very nicely and they did the same back to us. I would recommed this hotel to other travelers with no problem. If you go, just keep smiling and have fun!!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>my stay I went there with my family for a wk in August. It was the worst vacation ever. The service was horrible, we had to wait 5 hr to checkin cuz the rms werent ready. And we had a leaky shower in one and the tv not workin in the other, things they didnt bother to fix even though we requested it. Then there was a day w/out water, cold water and several hours w/out electricity. the food was horrid, a wk there and i lost 10 pinds, literally.if it werent for the all inclusive bar, all the free drinks and the people who stayd there, this place would be unbearable.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful but no wash cloths! The only major problem is lack of orientation! You need to find things out for yourself. The ride to the resort was an adventure in itself but I would do it again. The beach is awesome and so romantic. The pool is impeccably clean. The Bathrooms outside of your rooms are extremely clean!! But donéˆ¥æª› use the ladies one in the restaurant LA Cana. The sink fell off the wall and missed my foot by inches (it should have been a candid camera moment). No they fixed it within hours.The Service was wonderful but a little slow on the beverage refill. The food in the buffet was average not over the top but average. Everything is sweet and the cookies dry. The a la cart Restaurants were better and service was better there but you need to make reservations a day in advance because it fills fast.The Room cleaning was fair. They donéˆ¥æª› give you ANY wash cloths and the towels were hard and rough (DOWNEY save me). The Lighting is HORRIBLE. Totally not contusive when putting in your contacts. There is a trick to keeping your room cool get an extra key ( say you locked your self out they will issue you a new making the old one un usable to get in but if you keep it in the lock box this will keep the room power on and thus keeping the room cool. But do this after your room is cleaned because the maid cannot access the room if there is a key in the lock box! The Best experience was the Extraéˆ¥æªš Staff. Natasha, the Henna tattoo artist was so conscientious of her craft; that she would not do a service just for the money. She turned many people away for one reason or another (too hairy or sweaty). She is a TRUE MASTER at what she does and she does not want you unhappy. This is a reflection for herself and it shows. The prices were very fair the same that I would pay at home. The help at the water sports was excellent and helpful. The pool towels were large and in a decent supply (except at 5 pm) don't lose your towel it will cost you 20 US dollars when you check out. We took a couple of day trips off sight and they were both wonderful and reasonable. BUY your Souvenirs OFF SIGHT. The ones at the resort are OUTRAGIOUSLY HIGH. $15 dollars for a pair of flip flops. One night they had locals come to sell their wares. One guy wanted to charge $130.00 dollars for a necklace and bracelet. If you offered him half he would say ok. You think you are getting a bargain, but that same necklace and bracelet outside would cost you $15.00 and that is even hag gable. The Nightly shows were fantastic!!! The disco was tons of fun and a great mix of music. Just a tad loud for my ears. Making phone calls out was easy and cheaper if you did it up at the front lobby. Donéˆ¥æª› forget to pack you translator dictionary. There is a large mix of countries there which made the experience Better. But I do wish I had a French, Spanish English translator. Enjoy yourself! Be open minded and when in doubt have a shot of mama jauna (which is cheaper at the airport)  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mweber
<Content>A real disappointment We went on a group travel for spring break of 2005. We were 15 of us, the food was repetative, the entertainment wasn't too bad. Out of all of us, 10 were sick and brought back some bacteria. We had taken the malaria pills as recommended, but still got sick.The check-in was quite the experience, we had a late flight with young kids. At our check-in they assigned a room that we were not able to access, after three visits to the reception, it was identified that someone was already in that room. No sorry, they assigned a new room, which took a long time to do.Note that we are all seasoned travellers and we do expect some inconvenience on check-in such as waiting time, but the service was mediocre at best with the exception of a couple of really good people. Although we are very good tipers, that didn't seem to make a difference. We would not recommend this resort, but next door to the BAHIA, it seemed to be excellent. We will be trying this next year.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OmoSue
<Content>Don't expect any service        the not-so-quiet road  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>club at grand paradise Me and my boyfriend have just returned from staying at the club at grand paradise.Overall we had a great time alough if you stay at the club beware all the activities are in french nothing in english which was a shame so we spent most of are team on the beach or at the pools at the grand paradise.Food was ok Im picky but i could always find something to eat Italian the best,chinese was not!!!I would not recommend using med hotels or hotel beds when we arrived at punta cana airport,they had us down to go to a diffrent resort,then when we arrived at the club we were not even booked in!I would go back to bavaro but mayby try a diffrent resort,.Its true if you dont tip the maids you dont get the best service,and I also agree that the check in staff need to smile! the rest of the staff though are always friendly.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>dominicanfun
<Content>Fantastic animation I was at Grand Paradise Bavaro from 3rd till 12th September.After reading several of the reviews I got a bit scared I had made a bad choice with the resort. Spending my week there changed my mind and made me see I made the perfect decision, also thanks to my travelagent who advised this hotel being a plus for singles with an open mind for all that is to do at this resort.The first day start with a bit of a disappointment, where I had mailed the people of the resort to locate me a room not facing the construction site next door, I found myself located just there. I wasn't there to stay in my room all night but still decided to ask the people at the front desk to give me a room not to close to the construction site, just to prevent being woken up in the morning by the construction workers, let me tell you that the construction works are being completed and the first 2 days I was there it didn't bother me too much since no one was working at that side anyway. After a few days I got changed to a better room with a great ocean view.The rooms were well kept as long as you didn't make a too big of a mess in it. If you tip your cleaning lady in the beginning of the week you will be wanting to live in the room. In the first room I stayed everytime I left a tip they did something special in the room like decorating the washing area with flowers or making other figurines with towels covered with flowers.The food was rather a disappointment. There is more than enough to eat, but you have to take into account it is cooked dominican way. But you can always get fresh baked pancakes or eggs at the cooking stands in the morning and for lunch you can always find something good to eat. If you are hungry in between meals you can get great snacks at the la cana grill where you find some rather good porkchops with french frites or rize. You can do me a favor and tip the girl working at la cana because she was rather nice and very very pretty.The a la carte restaurants had good food on the menu but if you go to the asia restaurant you are in for a supprise if you are expecting typical chinese food, you really have to think of asian food and not specific thai or chinese.Animation, expect the best animation around. I had fun fun fun. You have to go there with an open mind and join in the fun if they come and ask you to play along with a game. The evening shows were setup perfect in the evening. The best shows I have ever seen at any resort I have been to.The disco in the evening you can expect to find them there as well and they will be entertaining the guests there as well so don't forget to show your appreciatition for these people.The service in general was good. Only saw minor issues but those were related to other people giving the people working there a hard time and they don't deserve to be treated bad at all. Just show you can smile as wonderful as they can and you will go a far way with that.The surroundings are fantastic, although I have seen better and the beach is wonderful. The drinks, you have to try everything, you will enjoy it. For the other belgian couple I met there, team cuba libre! you guys know we had the best time there.Would I go back, definitely! The place is great for singles and young couples.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ladybug1955
<Content>Great Spot and would definitley go back!!!               More photos  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>europa0820
<Content>mediocre My boyfriend and I just got back from Punta Cana, Grand Paradise to be more exact.We were there the week of Aug 19th...How should I start? Well upon our arrival, we stood in line to check-in, only to find out the we were booked at the Club (the Sister Resort) , so once again we had to stand in line to check-in..Althought this is not their fault, they did not try to make this transition an easy one.. We had to carry our own suitcases on the trolley over to the other side, and then up to our second floor room... never leave your suitecases unattended...the people working the reception desks were very unfriendly.. I asked for information on the hotel and was given literature in Spanish...Our room was very nice and it was actually pleasant staying at the Club, very quiet...The restaurants were a joke. Reservations had to be made for all gourmet restaurants, they had specific times for that and when we tried to make reservations, we were always told to go back, because it was either too early or too late...The buffets were okay, but the food most of the time was not thoroughly cooked, which caused many gastrointestinal problems for some of the guests that we met... they did offer a wide variety, but it was bland and not very tasty, with the exception of the mango...The grounds were fairly kept; we donéˆ¥æª› think the same of the pools, looked very cloudy...The rooms were cleaned only with the exchange of a tip, sheets were not changed unless I totally stripped the bed and left extra tip... Our bathroom floor was never mopped and the room had a peculiar odor to it.We also had a very unfriendly tour representative, who was always very vague about any information regarding our returning flight, and kept asking us to go back for additional info. We did not want to spend our valuable time in useless meetings...We tried not to let this ruin our so wanted vacation. We donéˆ¥æª› expect to be catered to, but to be treated with kindness and politeness when we had any questions that needed to be answered. The resort is beautiful and the beach is excellent. But it needs a great deal of improvement when it comes to treating their guests with common courtesy and professionalism... it seems that the only people theyéˆ¥æª™e trying to please is their own personell..I had a specific request at the disco for a song, which was never complied with.All in all it was a positive experience, we are not difficult people, but would never recommend this resort to anyone.This is not our 1st time traveling to all inclusives in the Caribbean, so we knew what to expect, in this case we didnéˆ¥æª› know... anyone traveling or thinking about staying at the Grand Paradise may feel free to e-mail for additional info..  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Fjr1300Rider
<Content>Fantastic Week at the Grand Paradise Bavaro My family and I vacationed at the GPB from August 21st to the 28th and everyone had a wonderful time. We have a 12 year old boy and a 9 year old girl. We stayed at the Club section of the resort, which is about a 10 minute walk, or 5 minute tram ride to the main resort and enjoyed its peacefulness after a busy day at the main resort. We had a first floor room (3171) which overlooked the pool and was quiet at night. The room was kept very clean, although being in the subtropics there were some bugs - mostly ants and millipedes. I reported the ants to the front desk and they sent someone to spay them. A word of caution though - the last morning as I was getting ready to shower there was a scorpion in the tub! I'm not sure how it got there, but make sure you keep your suitcases closed and shake out towels, check shoes, etc. prior to using and leaving!The grounds of the resort were immaculately kept. There were always staff cleaning and grooming. The pools were very nice, generally clean with a few insects floating. In my opinion the pools could have been skimmed more regularly, but that's a minor issue. The resort itself is very colorful. The buildings are painted different vibrant colors which add to the beauty of the place.The beach is absolutely stunning! The waves break right at the beach, so be careful if you have small children. Past the waves you can swim and snorkel. There are plenty of covered beach chairs, if you arrive at the right time. By midmorning they are generally all taken, but if you arrive early, or in the late afternoon you shouldn't have a problem finding a shaded spot.We ate most meals at the La Laguna buffet, mostly for its convenience and variety of foods. All of us enjoyed the food for all the meals and no one had any bad experiences with any of the foods. For use flies were a non-issue. Yes there were a few since the front door was constantly being opened, but nothing like some of the reviews made it sound. The food itself was plentiful, varied and generally very good - not 5 star - but tasty enough to enjoy. Each night was a different theme. We loved the abundance of fresh fruit to choose from - the mangos were absolutely delicious!We also ate dinner at the Manglar, which is at the club, and the Asia restaurants. The Manglar was very good and the Asia was acceptable.We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful the entire stay. We tipped the maid $2 every day and tipped $1 or $2 at some dinners if one particular person stood out service wise.Entertainment and activities are run by the animation team. If you like to stay active then there is plenty to do throughout the day. Activities are geared toward the younger adults, but anyone can join in. The nightly entertainment is terrific! I'm amazed at how much energy the animation team has. Shows start at 9:45pm and before the shows they have different preshows to entertain as well.We did three different trips while staying. First we did the 2 hour snorkeling trip from the marina. This was a lot of fun. The boat ride gave a great view of the coast and resorts, but hold on it's a bumpy ride! We also went to Manati Park. This is a small park with shows. It was a fun way to spend an afternoon. The day before we left we did the Jurassic Safari. This is an all day trip and was a lot of fun. Part of the day involved driving in the mountains, which I especially enjoyed since the scenery was spectacular. We were also going to do the Catalina Island trip but it was cancelled due to weather related to Hurricane Katrina.The weather all week was beautiful. We only experienced a couple of very brief showers - the rest of the time it was sunny with scattered clouds.You will receive bottled water in your room - be sure to use it for brushing, etc. I made the mistake of rinsing my mouth out with sink water on the third day and paid for it with a bout of diarrhea that evening. Thankfully the Imodium I brought did the trick and I was fine the rest of the week.Also the resort lost its cold water on Tuesday and hot water on Wednesday. We received apology letters under our door offering a lobster dinner for the inconvenience. For us this was just a minor inconvenience. The staff was very good in bringing us extra water for flushing the toilet.To wrap things up, we had a great time and would definitely return to the GPB for a future trip.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Babosa33
<Content>A Nightmare If it weren't for the beach the word Paradise could have been eliminated from the resort's name. The only thing great about this resort is the beach. But who can stay in this beach over 4 hours or more with the temperture in DR. This entire vacation, if you can call it that, was a nightmare. The worst I have ever had.FOOD-The only food that was cooked well enough to consume was that of the buffet. Good Morning Coffee. Anything outside the buffet was horrible. We made reservation for 2 resturants (of course it wasn't easy getting the reservation). You are expected to make dinner reservation for your entire stay on the first day you arrive. And if you arrive after 5pm, o well because the window period to make the reservation is now closed, eventhough the resturant is empty. I found that funny. We never finished our meals at either place, ended up going to the buffet to get some food. They have about 10 waiters attending each section of the buffet but still it was impossible to get silverware  a knapkin on the table. If you get up for repeat, take the silverware with you, otherwise it's taken with you dirty plate and it will be another 5 minutes before it will be replaced. If you want to tip a waiter, please give him/her the money directly and not leave it on the table because they are like ants. DO NOT eat at the snack bar. Dirty, filty, bugs and who knows what else is in the back kitchen.RECEPTION-Yes the employees are charming but if you don't tip them, you are screwed like we were. It took 3 days before we were able to get a remote for our second room. We asked to be roomed next to each other but because we didn't remember to first give him a tip, we are place in two seperate building. One of the room was still occupied when we opened the door. The floors were full of sand, the towels were limited, the toilets backed up  the a/c was out for over 4 hours. I would think that one of the resort's main concern would be their guest safety especially when you have paid for an ALL INCLUSIVE vacation. Well, I heard several people say that their safe deoposit box didn't have a lock. I had to informed them that they would need to go back to reception and pay $20 US dollars for a lock which you will have to return upon check out w/o a refund. Note that on their paper it states that the cost for the lock is $19 US dollars. So not only are they charging a dollar extra then that that is posted on your form but you also end up paying for something you will never keep.If you choose to stay at this resort, please have a good pair of walking shoes because you will have to walk to reception about hundred times before you start your vacation.The water in the pool was hot.No one bother to ask if any one in our group was a senior or disable, which we had one of both, before they gave us a room on the 3rd floor where there is no elevators and no air. The disco place, a joke. Now why would you go to a place where the music is all salsa, merengue and bachata but most of the guest have no clue how to dance to this music. Employee of this and only this resort are NOT allow to go to disco joint. They would know how to dance to the music. I know how to dance to all this music but I wasn't about to become a dancing instructor on my vacation.So much for all inclusive. We paid for a tour of the Soama Island which by the way was the ONLY things that we enjoyed. Specially the Natural Pool in the middle of the Carribean Ocean. That was awesome. I'm pretty sure you can get on this tour from other resorts.To make a call you must use a calling card (which you must purchase at their part 2 of the resort by taking the trolley) or credit card. In addition to placing the hefty charge on your card, you will be charged $2.00 US dollars for every call you make over 3 minutes. This charge will be collected from you at check out time. If you don't they will not give you this form that you will need to leave the hotel. Go figure.DO NOT AND I REPEAT DO NOT, exchange all your monies into Pesos at the resort because they will NOT exchange it back to US dollars. Pay as much as you can with US dollars to get your change back in dollars. Last but not least, out of the 6 in our group 5 came back sick. I was sick enough to have to go to the doctor here in US and now have to take 500mg of Cipro to get my stomach cramps and runs under control. The 6th person didn't get sick because she was called on our 3rd day and came home early due to a family emergency (death).You must tip every employee for a continuous smile while on your stay otherwise, forget the hospitality.Don't attempt to take any food to your room, it is not allowed. That maybe the reason why there is no room service.Outside of the resort, it looks very poor but if the residence would clean and pick up all the garbage on the street and around their homes it wouldn't look as poor and disgusting. There is no reason for the litter except to use it as a way to get the tourist to feel so sorry for them and give them money which of there are many beggers.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Ralphie1098
<Content>Cool place,we will go back after a year or so.. This was our first trip outside the USA, we really enjoyed it. Being that my girl and myself are hispanic made easier to get around. The staff for the most part answeared all of our questions and concerns. Even when I stupidly drank water from the bathroom faucett ( bad habbit in the mornings), the bellhop gave my girl medication to help my upset stomach free of charge. They also guided us to rent a cab for 3hrs @ $55.00 (US), which made the stay much more plesant and exciting. The only thing that made this trip nasty, was the rain. Every day we where there ( month of May it really rains ) it rained. Outside of that her are some helpful hints:A- Allinclusive does not get you go liquor, so bring your own that will last you the stay at the resort.B- The small market outside the ressort and the town nearby is crawling with annoying people that will charge you 10 times the price you pay for any item, including the liquor. Best to explain to the cab driver to take you to a market place not involved with the ressort. Also on Friday nights employess from the resort town will try to make you buy there over priced items while you are walking around the resort.C- Don't be a dummy and drink the tap water like I did. Also remenber that there ice might also be made with there tap water also. Visit your exploration or hiking stores where they can give you pills to help kill any parasites ( recommended by my doctor who travels with his family twice a year to the caribean ).As I stated before it was fun and plan on going back......  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beach Great but Resort Not Let me first say before I write this review that my husband and I have traveld to many places in the Caribbean, staying in little bungaloes in Belize (which was a lot of fun) Europe (hotels next to the eifle tower) and the U.S. I knew where I was going, did my research so I thought I new what to expect but I was very wrong. This by far was the worst trip I have ever taken. I read the reviews but kept telling myself that it couldn't be that bad, but I was wrong. Thank goodness we are beach people and we were only there for 5 days. Also this should make you feel safe. Around the resort are armed guards so you take that to mean whatever you want.Resort SO SO Does not look like the picture on the internet. Didn't bother me but this is a very HOT place. They only have in in the buffet area and there air is not like the air you think of. Also no elevators for the elderly which is to be expected but could be a prblem for those who are traveling with older people.Rooms Ok once you found one where the air worked(need a credit card to keep air on. Electricity will go off anyway everynight for about 4 hours) had a working shower ect. Things thatyou would think would work. I wasn't looking for any 5 sar place just running water would have been nice.Service Absolutely terrible, My husband and I speak some spanish for traveling. We tried to commuincate with them in there language but they wanted no part of this. Probably because we were Americans. Service in buffet areas ok but you better tip well or you will not have good service for the week. We tip the guy for breakfsat 40 bucks and every morning we had a table and juice. Front desk people forget it. I wouldn't have even wasted my time if I knew how the rest of the week was going to be.Bars So So My husband looks Spanish and many though he was so we did not have to wait for our drinks but I would have to wait a good 10-15 mins before I got anything.Beach Very nice plenty of room to sit, very nice after 3 not so hot. Water very very nice. Refreshing, No waves though, not sure where people go boggie boarding at. Volley Ball fun too! Needless to say we stayed on the beach for abotout 8 hours everyday.Nightlife: Shows were good gave you something to do for an hour as long as you don't mind sweating. (No Air) Casino don't bother looking for it. Sports bar nasty with bugs and flies. Disco room ok if you know how to salsa whatever you call it. Piano Bar the best but to hot if not breeze. Again no air. Food so so If you are a picky eater even the pasta was nasty. If not you were ok.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>angelbear6
<Content>my Worst FAMILY VACATION ever!!!!!!!!!! my familyand i just got back from what was supposed to be Paradise, and it was far from what we had expected. We have travled extensively to many islands and resorts and even taken cruises, so we know what is to be expected from a resort. we paid for 2 ocean view rooms , and one was to have a king size bed, they were also to be ajoing, check in ,is at 3, we got there at 7pm, tofind 2 rooms not ajoing and noking size bed, and one room was Still NOT READY until8pm. Service at this resort does not exist, had to beg each day for wash cloths and toliet paper, sheets were never changed nor were the towels, how do i know? i began to mark them , floor was always sandy,never swept. If you are looking foward to a frozen drink, dont cause here they arent, service at the bard were terrible, never any ice, would serve you a warm class of soda.the pools are dirty.lots of children with ear infections!, but the worst thing i encounted was the fact that 2 of my family members spent 4 days out of the 8 in the punta cana medical center, where they were being treated for PARASITES!!! my husband was gravely ill, the dr at the hospital said he was one step short of going into organ faliure,why? because there so called 24/7 dr service told me at 4am he was tired and didnt come until 8am. what, you may ask did this hotel offer me and my other son, nothing, absolutely nothing, not even so much as a simple call to see how they were.Trust me,anyone who is even thinking about going there, if you ready some bad reviews, believe them, i wish i had, for the life of me,anyone i met at this resort were also not happy there, any ? please email me, at angelbear6@excite.com , this resort to the naked eye looks to be just paradise, the simple truth is, it is horrible mantained and poorly managed.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>mercedesnani
<Content>The worst day of my life!! I was very surprised to read such great reveiws about this so called GRAND PARADISE. To start on the list of the terrible experience I was subject to, when I arrived at the hotel my bags were left outside and it started to thunder shower and my bags and clothes were damaged. When I approched the front desk and asked for the reservation I had made with an ocean veiw they were not found and the lady was very nasty and told me to take whatever else they have available or go somewhere else. We arrive to the lunch area at about 2:15 pm and lunch was suppose to be until 3:00 pm, but some of the lunch trays had been remove and the ones that were left were placed on the floor where people proceded to take the food from the trays on the floor, we were treated like animals and no one really paid attention to the residents. When we finally arrived to the room where we planed to stay just that night because of the heavy rain the room had a very strong odor the bed was old and the dresser was broken. I was a very unhappy person and any one planing a vacation should not go near this place. IT WAS TERRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Fun And Lively Hotel This resort was a lot of fun. We just returned from a five night visit. I read all the negative reviews before we left and was a bit worried but promised to be positive and go in with a good attitude. I am not hard to please but my husband and kids can be at times. We arrived early Friday morning. Check in was easy. I slipped the reception Clerk a $20.00 bill and asked for two good rooms. We received an ocean view suite with a large bath that overlooks the ocean--- beautiful view(I recommend doing this). The kids stayed two doors down, a little jealous of our room but they visited often. NEGATIVES: The rooms are lacking a little in creature comforts. The TV is small (but who is there to watch TV anyway..) No alarm clock and yes a lack of wash cloths. We had two small shampoo/conditioner bottles for the first four days and on the fifth day three were added. No big deal because the first two lasted fine. The first night the power went out in the middle of the night leaving us without air conditioning for about 3 to 4 hours around 2 AM- 5 AM. My husband and I were sticking to the sheets and the heat woke us up. Luckily we had two balconies and opened both sliding doors to get a nice ocean breeze. My kids said they never woke up from the heat. This only happened on one nightPOSITIVES: BEATUTIFUL BEACH!!! Friendly staff. Nice pool. Excellent food. We found so much to do without having to leave the resort, although we did go on a snorkeling trip (I recommend) and a 2 hr horse back ride ($35.00 per person) Both were excellent. We saw beautiful tropical fish, a large ship wreck, nurse sharks in a cage and a view of the coast that was outstanding. The resort photographer took photos during the whole snorkeling trip and we bought the disc with about 40 photos on it for $20.00 They are beautiful photos of us and the fish. Also ladies take the opportunity to sun bathe topless without everyone staring at you. It was very liberating to sunbathe and swim topless like many of the European women there. I took advantage of this when my kids were still sleeping and found it refreshing. One woman did the morning exercise by the pool in her bikini bottoms- no one else but a few Americans batted an eye- my husband and 17 yr old son enjoyed it.The horse back ride showed us where the local Domenicans swim. This part of the beach is full of trash so don't expect resort views, but it gave us a flavor of the real life in Punta Cana. We bought a hat made of palm fronds from a teenager and handed out tootsie rolls and one dollar bills to the poor children. Be prepared to see families living in poverty. The children will beg for money. They ran alongside our horses. I didn't expect to see so many children and only had about fifteen dollar bills on me at the time. So I ran out of money with more children begging along the route. The homes are little shacks about the size of two back yard sheds. It broke our hearts to see how they lived . But it also made us thankful for what we have. I though it was important for my teens to see. Our horse guides were super sweet- Domingo and Enrique and they were very informative and helpful. I found communicating with them easy. We learned from each other. They were delighted with a five dollar tip at the end of the trip. A super nice lady from Queens, NY filled me in on what the workers earn. Her Aunts, Uncles, and cousins live there. She said hotel workers make the equivalent of $100.00 US dollars every two weeks. I noticed that they put in long days 12- 16 hour days. A Belgian man said the construction workers make $4.00 a day if they produce. And only $2.00 a day if they do not.After this information I tipped every worker $1.00 for any type of small service. They were all gracious. I gave some five dollars at the end of the week if they were especially helpful. I took about $100.00 worth of one dollar bills with us.Amauris, Luis and Ms Nancy were great on the Animation Team. They wear the orange shirts and keep things lively around the pool and at the shows. We saw the show in the theatre every night at 9:45PM and loved every one. These are talented people who work very hard-yet they seem genuinely happy. None of us got sick on food or water and we sampled everything between the five us since we all have different tastes.I found that what I remembered from my high school Spanish classes got us by. I could have cared less if anyone spoke English. It was nice to not understand others conversations-Everyone spoke the same language on the dance floor, the volleyball court, and the pool. I communicated through gestures sometimes and the Canadians German, and Spanish laughed and undertstood me.  So go eat, drink, swim, relax and enjoy hearing the different languages, and eating different food. Isn't that why we go to somewhere different from the comforts of home. If you have a good attitude and smile and greet the Domenicans and guests they will return the favor to you. Any questions just E-mail me.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing but relaxation My mother, my cousin, and myself went to Punta Cana. Before leaving my mother read some reviews about the hotel and became worried. Let me say that our stay was wonderful. The staff at the hotel treated us so kind. There is something to do for everyone. If you are bringing your children, no problem. The kids have activities from morning to evening. For the adults, there are activities along the poolside everyday and there is a show every night. The food was good. Every night was different therefore we did not need to eat at the other restaurants where you needed to pay. For those of you who like to drink, there was plenty of alcohol. My opinion the alcohol was watered down.The rooms were spacious with a safe. There will be noise because of the type of walls in the hallway. Also expect to hear alot of doors slamming. People must have a problem holding the door when closing it. They do not give wash clothes but they do provide towels. I had a wonderful relaxing vacation. Had we listened to all the reveiwes, we probably would have changed hotels. Everyone has their own opinion so I would say dont listen to what people say and try for yourself.NYC........  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not so 'grand'--not paradise either first, let's do the positives--beautiful beach and pool. nice well-kept grounds.polite workers.now--we were a group of ten people with four rooms. two of the rooms had no hot water, and it took a couple of days to get the rooms changed.then, one of the new rooms had a problem with the key not working.food--not great--especially the buffet.italian and asian restaurants and manglar were o.k.--but to make reservations for them, be prepared to wait and waste some of your vacation time. whatever time they say they will be taking reservations, get there early.we had a problem with our travel agent representative not being around too much, and not informming us of when we would have to be ready to leave the hotel for our flight. this is not the hotel's fault, but they did not exactly go out of their way to assist us.the casino is small, and we went to another hotel for their casino--what a difference!--not just the casino, but the hotel itself.i was planning on using the treadmill in the gym--but there was only one--and only one of other equipment.--very small gym.we took a day excursion on speedboat and catamaran, which was fun--and we enjoyed ourselves, and the food was the best of the whole vacation. any questions, don't hesitate to write.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best vacation ever!! Myself and my family just returned from Grand Paradise Bavaro on 7/30/05it was the best vacation we ever had. The resort was beautiful, food was very good, and the people were especially nice and there was very little communication problems. Actually we were impressed at the multiply languages the staff spoke. Check-in and check-out extremely easy.There was plenty for our three teenagers to do all day with a wide choice of activities. The evening shows and audience participation shows were very funny and we throughly enjoyed them. There is something for everyone there.We did the horseback riding offered by the resort which was fun and other trips recommended by the resort and we all had a great time.We would return to this resort again and have already highly recommended it to everyone.Thanks for a great time.MaryellenManalapan, NJ  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What nonsense is everyone complaining about now? As I read some of these reviews, i'm amazed at the things people complain about! Bad service is not being given special treatment. People, if you want celebrity treatment, u must BE A CELEBRITY! I found the people to be incredibly warm and friendly. Women, if you feel men are harassing you simply because they look, take it as a compliment! You know that deep down inside, you really love it! It's as close to that celebrity treatment as many women are going to get, and it's certainly much better than being completely overlooked and unattended. Overall, I found the staff to be very helpful to nice Americans. Remember to get respect, you must give respect. It may be true that most people only get one key for the room. I got two because I asked for another. It was as simple as that! The ATM machine worked for me. I thought the buffet was great, but then again, I'm not purposely looking for flaws in everything. The pool and beach were great, and the boys in the orange shirts certainly do their job in entertaining guests by the pool. The nightclub isn't as good as the local clubs, Areito and Mangu, but it does the job for those guests that prefer not to leave the hotel at night for fear that it's too dangerous out there. By the way, I went out to the local clubs every night by taxi, and I NEVER had a problem! The best thing about the hotel is definitely the nightly show! The shows are definitely entertaining, and the dancers are amazingly talented. I recommend this hotel for people who want to stay at a good hotel for a good price. I do not recommend this hotel for people who are complainers and are never satisfied.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it Had a lovely time in Grand Paradise..... Left England 20th June 2005 and couldnt wait to get there. There was a party of 5 (including a kid) and we all enjoyed every single minute of it. The hotel staff were very friendly and the grounds were well kept (although i have seen nicer ones, try Tropical Princess Bavaro, grounds are AMAZING). The rooms were basic and had an issue with the A/C, got sorted as soon as i complained. The hotel manager was lovely, rang us a couple of times to check if everything was OK and if we needed anything?/ (never experienced that before!!). Food was nice... got a bit boring towards the end-we were there for 2 weeks- the BREAD is AMAZING. Night entertainment was awful..... shocking infact... Who cares tho you are in tropical paradise. Waiters were very helpful as were the bar staff... didnt see any flys.... think people must be seeing things. The beach was amazing and also very very clean, the water is a bit choppy and can get rough, but hire a boggie board great fun. The pools were cleaned every morning, by 4pm did tend to have a lot of dead flies and grasshoppers in there tho!!!! not nice... Went to the Soana island.. what a trip, advise anyone to go....My only problem was the weekends.. the local domicians come in a FLOOD the hotel, they scream shout and make a mess. Had to complian twice about them, the parents dont give a toss what thier brats get up to. Americans... you need to remember not the WHOLE world speaks my language... the domicians tend to speak spanish and can be hard to understand them... SO WHAT???? we are in a differerent country.. isnt that why people go on hol to get a way from the normal.??? Service is slow and yeah the food isnt great, but people remeber you are in a different country.. if every country ran the same it would be boring... people need to chill out....... I would advise ANYONE to go to this resort.. we have booked for next year  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>oom
<Content>Very Different, but had a GREAT time My wife and I visited Punta Cana for the first time the week of July 11 thru 15. We have been to many 3rd world countries so we had a rough idea what to expect. Overall we were pleased with our stay at the Grand Paradise Bavaro. Most of the staff were friendly and we did'nt have a problem with rude guest as many have. ARRIVAL: Yes, the airport arrival area is outside and you do have to walk a little, but who cares. Have $10 apiece airport tax ready and a pen to fill out their form. We recieved our luggage very quick and were promtly met by our vacation representative and escorted to our bus. You have around a 45 min ride from airport. The roads are terrible and they drive crazy, but this is a 3rd world country and it's to be expected.CHECK IN: Check in was smooth. They grabbed your bags from the bus and waited for your room assignment. We asked for a upgrade and received one very easily. The desk people were helpful, I have no idea why people complain about them. I guess some people think they are rude because they don't speak alot of English, remember you are no longer in the USA. ROOMS: The rooms were OK but nothing fancy. They were very clean. If you tip daily you will receive service daily. The cleaning routine is a little different than what you might expect. They do small chores all day long. So don't worry if you go into your room and the bed has been made but no new towels or drinks, they will come. I have no idea what poeople are talking about as far as the air conditioning. I keep my home around 70 degrees, and our room was about that. We were in building 5 and the AC stayed on all day without inserting any card. The walls and ceiling were cracking, but it's concrete and it's going to crack. Remember people, your not going to get a 5 STAR room in a 3rd world country. They only give you 1 room card, so don't lock yourself out while your wifes sleeps like I did. She could,nt hear me beating the door down, so I had to go to front desk for a new one and they promtly turned off the one I left in the room.FOOD: Very, very, very BLAND. No flavor at all. This is the 1st carribean island I've been to with bland food. We love SPICY food, so we were disappointed. The food at the buffet was the worse there, however, it was very warm contrary to what other people wrote. There were a few flies, but you are outside and that's to be expected. If people kept the doors closed it would help with the fly problem. Service was terrible most of the time, but I DID NOT feel it was because we were Americans. The a la carte restaurants were alot better. We had no problems booking reservations and we booked them daily. I recommend booking them all at once though. We did'nt get sick like many people, but having been to many 3rd world countries we are used to different types of food handling and prep.BEACH: One of the BEST beaches I've been to. The white sands were beautiful. The water was clear but I've seen much clearer. The best part was the roughness. If you stepped 5 foot out in the water it would nock you on your butt. 20 feet out and you were shoulder high in water, you won't find this on many beaches. The under current was very bad, but we had a blast with it. The cuurent would pull you 10 feet out and throw you 20 feet back in. It is dangerous for kids or drunks though.POOL: Very big and clean most of the time, but we stayed on the BEACHTOWELS: We brought our own beach towels so we only used theirs once. The one time we did use theirs it was a problem. We gave them our towel cards and received towels with no problems. When we returned them, they were out of cards, so we had to keep our towels until the next day. How can they not have cards for the towels given out? Where did they go? It's $15 per towel if you lose them. BARS: El Presidente beer is the only drink worth having. All other drinks are terrible. If you want a Pina Colada that is even simi frosted you better get up at 7AM. The drinks are pre mixed so they are sweet. They pump them all day long so they want stay cold. The machines are also to small to handle the load demand. If you don't ask for rum in your drink, you won't get it. The lines were not long and we never had to wait.CHECK OUT: Quick and simple. Our tour bus was very late picking us up. The bell hop got us a ride with another tour bus that was picking people up.Many thanks go out to him for that.EXCURSIONS: We had a couple of good excursions but most of them very very late if they show up at all. They are all on Dominican time or something, it's crazy. I do recommend the Jurassic Safari all day tour. Roberto and Damian were great. They take you on a excellent tour of the Dominican Republic countryside. The Dominican kids are great. When they hear the tour trucks or 4 wheels, they come running out of their house to wave at you. Bring candy or something to give to them. Most tour groups donate part of their procedes from merchandise sales to the schools . They kids really appreciate this.OVERALL: I would visit the Punta Cana again allthough I would try a different resort, not because I dislike Grand Paradise, but because I like trying different resorts. Nice staff, but service is very very very inconsistant.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great and Relaxing Vaca This resort is great if your with your significant other. I went with my girlfriend and let me tell you, it was so relaxing. When we first arrived the only downfall was that we had to wait an hour and a half for our room to be ready, but it was ok bc they still provided us with our all-inclusive braclet so we could start the drinking fiesta. My only suggestion is bring a 24 pack of water and keep it in your fridge. Do not trust the water to drink at all. There are so many restaurants to choose from over there with different themes i.e Italian, asian, grill, etc. Be aware of the meals you choose to eat because I was having major issues when it came to the toliet. It didn't ruin my vacation one bit. During the day the beach was incredible along with the pool. There are so many activites to do it is extremely hard to get bored. The entertainment team was all willing to give you a helping hand on what to do for the day. I mostly liked to lay on the beach and boogey board, play volleyball, and drink, A LOT! The nightlife is not that exciting but is fun if you have the right company with you. We made friends with a lot of people at the resort. We started off the night by going to the upstairs lounge where there was the same guy doing a solo act. He was so funny. After that we ended up going to the club downstairs. All in all i had no real complaints. I would do this vacation again for sure. Remember bring water bottles with you.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>For the cost it was more than worth it I'll start by saying that my husband and I are very laid back and it would take a lot to ruin our vacation. If you aren't easy going, I don't recommend this resort. We however did have a wonderful trip!!As you read through reviews, you will pick up a lot of information. Try to take some notes on other people's experiences to get the most out of your trip.When you get off of the plane, make sure you have a pen and a $10 bill for each person traveling with you to get your tourist card. If you are prepared and can fill out your cards quickly, you will avoid lines.We took a taxi to our hotel. It was $26 which we read was typical. The taxi drive was a little nerve racking (crazy drivers!!) but definitely an experience.The hotel was nice. We were put in bldg 3. Bldg 3 and Bldg 6 are definitely the best-being both close to the pool and the beach. Try to stay away from bldgs 1  2....lots of construction next door.Rooms were okay...nothing spectacular. There seems to be a lot of complaining in reviews about the key situation. We did not find it to be a problem. In fact, for someone who always loses her room key in the room, it was a help!Food was okay. Couple of tips though. We stayed away from the buffet Laguna as much as we could. Everything else seemed okay. The first day we had lunch at La Cana. Pizza and chicken was good. From the other reviews we thought we would have swarms of flies. Flies were not a problem. Yes there were some....but what do you expect...you are outside???Every day from there on we went to the Club (sister resort). Take the blue trolley in front of the resort. It comes every couple of minutes (pretty ride). We ate breakfast and lunch here everyday. It was an a la carte menu and much better than the buffet. Breakfast you have your choice of pancakes, french toast, eggs, omelets, bacon, ham and hash browns. Always fresh fruit too!! Pineapple and Watermelon was great.Lunch is also a la carte. Their soup is awesome!!! The chicken soup they serve everyday and it was great. They also have a soup of the day that was very good. Wait staff in this restaurant is very good...especially Carlos and Winston.For dinner, we had no problem making reservations. If you get to La Cana at 8:50 you will probably be the 1st person in line and be out of there in 15 minutes. We were able to book a couple of days at a time. We went to the Asian, Italian and the Manglar. We were not fans of the Italian. Asian and Manglar very good. Enjoyed the chateaubriand at the Manglar....excellent!! We spent a lot of time in the pool at the club and the pool bar. The beer was good. I was not a fan of the mix drinks...too sweet for me, but very strong. There were a lot of kids at the other pool at the grand paradise so we didn't spend much time there.We did try to take an excursion to Santo Domingo twice. Two days we got up (at 5:30 am) and no bus showed up. That was a bummer. We did of course get a full refund. It wasn't the hotel's fault but the tour company. When you book your excursion-make sure to get the phone number you should call if no one shows up to get you.We walked to the beach market one day and that was an experience!!! If you go out to the beach and turn right, walk about an hour and you are there. We took a taxi back for $16. I would go do it for the experience but make sure you are ready to bargain. You should expect to pay 1/2 to 1/4 of the price they start at. Don't get lured in by the cigar guys...they are fake.We had no problems at all getiing chairs at the pool or cabanas on the beach. We had no problem getting drinks at any of the bars.We went to the spa for massages and although they weren't the best massages in the world, still relaxing.Pools were clean and the grounds were well kept. We also really enjoyed the bar at the club outside of the Manglar restaurant. Very comfy seats and great music!!Overall, we had a wonderful time. Yes, there were some little things that I could of let bother me but for $650 for 5 nights, you couldn't go wrong!!! If you are American you will be the minority. If you don't have an open mind to other cultures (ie. topless sunbathing, speedos, etc) don't go here. If you need a quick, cheap vacation....this is a great place!! Feel free to e-mail with any questions!!!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic wedding in paradise We stayed at this hotel from 16th to 30th June. On arrival we checked in and went immediately to our rooms which were ready. The room was very cool and the air conditioning and electricity stayed on constantly without use of our key card. Our room was nice but nothing over the top. The only problem was the sliding doors to the wardrobe which stuck, we never complained about them, we figured that we could live with it for a couple of weeks. Our rooms were always cleaned daily and fresh towels left. We tipped the maid most days. We requested a kingsize bed when we booked but got two doubles - no problem. My partner and I went alone and got married half way through our stay. It was perfect. We asked another couple who arrived on the same day as us to be our witnesses (Hi Del and Michelle). We had a meeting with our holiday rep and the hotel wedding organiser who were both very helpful. I choose flowers from the broucher but asked for a little pink to be included to match my dress. Both the bouquet and floral displays were beautiful. These were then taken to the Italian restaurant and put around our table ready for when we arrived for our evening meal. The hairdresser in the beauty salon did a grest job with my hair even though we couldn't speak the same language, and it stayed in til I took it out in the morning. The whole day was perfect although the time of the wedding is dictated by the judge. The hotel photographer takes photos (10 included in our package and the rest are $5 each) but we were introduced to Kristian Thomas by our holiday rep who does wedding photography and vidoes (dvd). (---------) Kristian and his friend who took the photos were so friendly and helpful and we have a fantastic album and wonderful dvd of our special day.We thought the food was great with lots of choice and my husband is really fussy!!! neither of us got upsets stomaches due to the food. We didn't take our children away with us but there would have been plenty that they would have eaten. We drank lots of water and juices while in the sun and enjoyed the alcoholic beverages in the evening. Ice is no problem and they only use purified water for food and drinks.We ate in each of the restaurants and enjoyed all, except the service was very slow in the seafood restaurant and they tried to give us a second course of soup when we were actually waiting for our main meal. The atm was out of order at our hotel most of the time but it's only a short walk to Breezes next door where they have a atm and bank. Some of the staff are really friendly and helpful, but others not. The guys walking around the resort in white VIP shirts are trying to get you involved in a time share sort of thing, but most continue to be friendly when you explain your no interested. Beach and pool were great and clean. The resort was not over crowded but did get busier over the weekends. As English people we wanted to go somewhere where we would meet alot of different nationalities and this hotel was perfect. (Breezes next door appeared to be mainly English, very noisey, with lots of families with small children)During the second week I became poorly with a summer cold and sore throat and had to cancel a trip we planned. The next day the reception called our room to ask how I was, did i need to see the doctor? would we like to book any of the restaurants for our evening meal? They couldn't have been more helpful.On checking out the hotel manager asked to see us. He asked if we had enjoyed our holiday and did we have any suggestions for improvements to the hotel. He also asked if any one member of staff had made our stay more enjoyable. We told him that Orderley in the piano bar had always been friendly and gave good service. (Don't miss Antonio, the piano player singing in Japanese!!!!!!!)We also visited the nightclub on various occasions and enjoyed the atmosphere and different music. We had read many of the reviews before we went but decided to make judgements for ourselves. I'm so pleased we did, the worst thing about the holiday was when we had to come home. We'd go back tomorrow.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay Away!!!! This was our first time at this awful hotel and definitely our last. The services was awful. Check-in was a nightmare. There was a family of 3 who arrived the night before and told us that they had to change rooms 3 times because the sliding doors were broken, or the A/C wasn't working, or there weren't enough beds for the family of 3. They all had to sleep in one bed. Can you imagine? They warned us that to get anything done at the Front Desk you had to be extremely aggressive and persistent. We had problems with our sliding doors and it took 5 HOURS to get it fixed. Atm's were out of order for 2 wks. You had to get money from the resort next door. Unreal if you ask me. Imagine if there was no resort next door, you would have to go into town at a tourist cost just to get driven to a bank that was miles away. There discoteque was awful too. May I recommend Mangu at the Occidental Hotel. Great nightlife there and guaranteed a good time. Just be ready to wait to pay for your drink..similar to waiting on a CVS line. If you're a New Yorker, you know what I'm talking about. The food wasn't up to par at the buffet or at the other restaurants. To eat at their restaurants, you had to play musical chairs to place a reservation btwn 9-10am as opposed to calling the restaurant directly like it's normally done. Oh I forgot to mention the fly infestation hovering over the buffet, tables and the dead ones just lying there by the window sill or tables. And finally if you don't like a million kids running around all over the place like they were in a playground this place is not for you. You have to do a 5 star hotel when u're in a 3rd world country. Lesson learned. You definitely get what you pay for.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>zennyc
<Content>Stay Away, not worth the Headaches! I was thrilled about going to Punta Cana, until i arrived at the Grand Paradise Bavaro. The reception desk is a big joke, not helpful whatsoever. We had lock problems, never a dull moment at this place. Bring enough cash, since there ATM's are not reliable. I was sent to the hotel next door to get money throughout my 4nt stay at resort. You nvr get a deal at this resort, prices charged are in dollars. I couldnt believe my eyes. Stay away from the markets, you will be attacked by vendors trying to make money for the day..very annoying. Bottom line, they need to get it together, its a very backwards way of operating a hotel business. If i need to recommend, go next door to Breezes..  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>These people don't like Americans! Since I don't like reading long messages, I will try my best to keep this very simple. I am 26 and traveled with my 30 year old husband.This is my second trip out of the country, my first was to Mexico. So I was ready for the long trip to the resort and the tropical atmosphere. However, I was not prepared for the rude people we encountered; including French, Germans, and yes...even the Dominicans. The only time they were actually nice to my husband and myself was when they were trying to sell us jewelry or other gifts. I did, however, find the younger dominicans to be much more friendly than the older crowd. Atleast Mexicans were friendly and would smile at you. These people would not wait on us in restaurants or be any sort of help and they seemed to dislike Americans. For example, we would sit down at one of the buffet meals and would receive absolutely no service. However, appartently Dominicans come to this resort on the weekends. And boy are they rude people. Be prepared to be shoved around in the buffet lines and not to be waited on at all. Yet we would notice that the Dominicans were always being served promptly, while we would have to wait and wait and wait............Secondly, be prepared to bring many plastic cards with you to help rig the air conditioner so that when you leave your room the electricity stays on. You only have one room key and that is the switch for electricity for the room. So we rigged the electricity switch with one of our plastic credit cards, so it wouldn't be 100 degrees when we would return in the evening. Thirdly, the beach is beautiful but only if you don't mind looking at ----- all day. I found this to be very untasteful and tacky, and be prepared they are at the pool as well. Along with old men in skimpy panties that they seem to call swimwear.Fourthly, the food is AWFUL!! I mean bad. Our first night at the buffet was an adventure. The main course was roasted pig, which included the entire pig including its head and feet! Gross! Be sure to wake up early enough for breakfast, it will be the only good meal you get all week. As far as the restaurants go, good luck on getting reservations. I was there on time to make my reservations only to be told that their were no more. I had to beg to get one, and I mean beg. Fifthly, the day after I returned home I had one of the worse stomach bugs I have ever had in my life. Moreover, I have been home now for over a week and still suffering. Finally, I would like to say that yes I did report my dislikes with management only to have the guy laugh to his friends as I walked off. I found these people to be rude and not classy. I will never travel to this part of the world again. You can find much better deals and service else where like Mexico or Florida. Save yourself the time and hassle, you will not be satisfied with this resort or country!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A just ok hotel Here I am feeling the need to write a review for the first time. Like many of you planning a vacation and waiting for deals I wanted to make sure the hotel I was booking would be worth it , that's why I was reading reviews about this hotel since everyday. Some of them good others not so good. Here's mine:-Rooms: nothing special- as you may already have read here, the air condition is not the greatest and the room could you some makeover (we were given a room upon arrival that smelled awful- asked to be changed and upon insisting got a decent one) The best rooms I would say are in building #3 and 6.- Food: not the greatest, I'm really not fussy with food but there was a night I did not eat anything besides some fruit . Breakfast was ok-great croissants .We had lunch at the grill and although it was always the same thing it was ok. Service is terrible you basically have to set the table yourself and if you can get some glass of water you're lucky. One night we had to wait in line ( there were about 30 people) outside the BUFFET - this is not even a rest. you needs reservation to- no need to say there were not happy guests that night.Beach: Beautifull, best part of this trip ( although you could go to Cuba and get better service along with a beautiful beach)Pool: Very big although not keept clean at all times.Would I go back to this hotel? no- I'm sure there must be a better deal than this ( not worth the money for all the negative aspects of the hotel)  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>labor day weekend this resort is terrible.....u experience harrasment from the male staff. i was their with my family and everytime i would be walking alone the staff would just make you feel unconfortable, not to mention the comments they would be saying to eachother which to their surprise i am from the dominican republic and they thought i was a stuck up italian as one of them said to another.. the food sucked and it was always left over food from the previous night ..all i had was diet coke the whole 5 days there. another thing also the sports bar which is supposed to serve food all day hardle ever has anything other than hard nachos which are disgusting. and last but not least the liquor sucks they got cheap cheap cheap liquor and water down their drinks so much that it is imposible to get drunk........overall the resort is really bad and also to girls who plan to g and hook up with the cabana boys the spend the whole day talking to other guest about what they did and didnt do with you.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>what a disappointment What a disappointment! The rooms were only average...and they were never cool enough. You only got one room key and each time you left the room, the cooling systems was shut off. Three out of six days it took me three phone calls to get my room made up. Drinks were another problem. The bars never had more than one bartender..so the wait was unbelievable. The entire hotel seemed woefully understaffed and yet very well booked. Also, the bartenders don't use the blender to make mixed drinks unless you ask for it. Even then, the drinks are only decent and never seem cold enough. The food was probably my biggest complaint. This is a family resort but the food was not very family-minded. My kids lived on french fries from the lunch grill. The beach was quite nice, but keep in mind that the water was rough. So if you have kids, I have to tell you, the waves really knocked you around.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay, but some problems After reading several mixed reviews about this resort, I was not sure what to expect. Upon arrival the resort's outside appearance was nice, the staff was friendly and helpful. First off, we were given only one room key didn't think anything of it. Upon entering the room you are supposed to stick the key into a socket which controls all the power in the room. The room was extremely hot and what they called the air conditioner seemed to be more like a fan blowing an occassional spurt of cool air. Once you leave the room the air conditioner and everything else shuts off. Needless to say everytime you entered the room it was extremely hot. I wasn't impressed with the room's appearance. The walls were cracked, the bathroom light was very dim, and there were little bugs crawling on the dresser. After complaining to front desk to see if we could get an extra key, we were told that hotel policy only allows one key per room..I found this to be ridiculous. I have no complaints about the pool or beach or the staff, they were all very nice and we didnt have any problems getting drinks. One big issue though was the restaurants. We were told we had to make the reservations at 9am in one of the restaurants. On our last day we got there at 8:45am, the woman who was in charge came at like 9:15. After helping about 2 people, announced that all the restaurants were booked. After complaining to a manager, he managed to squeeze us into the seafood restaurant. Upon arrival to the restaurant, we noticed it was empty, which aggravated us even more. I feel that they just didnt want to have too many people in these restaurants, and wanted them to eat at the buffet. The food at the buffet was not that appealing, there were several strange things , even at breakfast. There wasn't a variety in deserts. Overall, the resort was okay, I have been to much better and next time I would pay extra money to stay somewhere else. I don't think I would ever return back to the Grand Paradise.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, not so great service My best friend and I stayed here from the 12-19 of June. I am a Travel Agent and chose this hotel because we had receieved some negative reviews from clients, so I wanted to find out for myself.The hotel grounds, rooms and beach were great. The food got to be a bit too repetitve after the first couple of days. If you get a chance to go to the a la cartes, you must, the food is so much better than the buffet. The only bad thing about reservations for the a la cartes is having to go stand in line at 9am every morning to make reservations. The service at this hotel is not very good. My friend and I were ignored during most of our meals and actually had to set our table ourselves for many meals. The club grand has an amazing pool, so much better than the grand's pool. Beware of Flex working at the Club pool, he seems all nice and innocent when you first meet him, it changes quickly.Girls beware if you are not travelling with any guys, make sure you do not look interested in the workers there, you will regret it quickly. We were stalked most of the week. Overall, a great holiday for the price we paid..just don't expect amazing service. If you do go to this hotel, meet up with Elias in the main buffet, he was the only good server there, and don't forget the egg guy who speaks no English but does amazing things with a spatula!P.S for anyone complaining about being sick, it is not neccessarily the resort, just keep in mind you are in a 3rd world country, sitting in the sun all day, drinking and eating different food, that's what most people get sick from, NOT from a specific resort.Hope this review helps if you're deciding to go here.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Beach - Not so Amazing food First of all, when you land in Punta Cana, be prepared. The airport is enitrely outside, there are few walls ans the humidity is insane! so dress accordingly.( The only AC you'll find there is at the departing terminal ) Once you get you luggage, HOLD ON TO IT! There are MANY helpful young men around wanting to carry your bags for you...they also expect a tip. You have about a 50 foot walk to your bus. You can hack it. The ride to grand paradise is about 30- 45 minutes. You may have to drop other travelers off at their hotel, so it may take longer. Once you arrive at Grand Paradise you wait....and wait..to be checked in. Once you reach the counter, don't expect friendly service if you are American. The Spanish speaking visitors and the French seem to rule here. As an American you will be a minority. You'll be handed an envelope containing info about the hotel/resturants/bars, and a map of the place. that's it you're on your own. Look for Jose. He's a bellhop who knows some english and was EXTREMELY helpful. He not only pointed out where lunch was (our room wasn't ready yet) he walked us there, and told us to avoid men in the white shirts. I asked why and he smiled and said oh you'll find out. lunch was alright - don't expect a five star buffet. Most of the food was repeatative throughout the vacation. Most of the food is also very bland. If you're not a big salt user, you will be. We ate at the lunch buffet twice. We found the burgers and fries and baked ( it was so fried) chicken at the beach grill so much better. You'll find that during the day you're not that hungry - its so hot! Youll find some comfort at the pool bar during the day. Great drinks! But watch them make it, they might forget the rum! Breakfast buffet was great - dont expect the IHOP. Look for the omlet guy in the back, the pancakes were a little dry, but still good. The crossiants were excellent. Surprisingly the best thing on the island was the bread. The dinner buffet is O.K. they have theme nights every night, stay far away from the seafood though, I got very ill after eating some There is a pasta station loacated in the back. Amazingly it is very good, stick with the pasta if you can. We tried the La Cana grill for dinner, we left mid-meal. it took them 35 min to take our order and then my salmon was tough, not flaky and soft, and my boyfriends steak was all fat. We also tried the italian resturant, very good! a definite must. Friends of ours tried the Asian resturant they said it was awesome. Definitely go a la carte! TIP* Wake up at 8:30 to go make reservations at the la cana grill for all the resturants. Other wise youll be waiting in a long line and everything will be taken. The room was ALWAYS cleaned for us on days we tipped and some days we didnt. They mop the floors with bleach...my luggage was on the floor and now has a bleach stain, careful!. We didnt get a king size bed like we asked for, we got 2 doubles. oh well we were in paradise who cares? The beach was amazing! if you walk to the left you pass breezes resort and then its just open unspoiled beach! To the right is all the other resorts and about an hours walk down the beach are a bunch of shops and captian cooks resturant. Go with friends if you take the walk because all of the beaches are public in punta cana. We took the horseback riding excursion...bring bug spray!!! The gift shop was okay..but make sure you have all kinds of bills and coins...apparently the cashier doesnt have change dont fall for it, she wants the money for herself. I read reviews about people getting sick and i got worried, i brought along immodium advance and pepto bismouth...still i felt very ill, string stomach cramps and the constant need to be near a toilet didnt spoil my vacation, we did try to laugh about it, but here i am 3 days being home and i am still ill and going toa doctor tomorrow. i didnt drink any water, and was careful about what I ate. Go figure. My boyfriend did get a small wave of stomach problems, but seems to be fine now. Just be prepared. All i can say is that for a inexpensive vacation, what more can you ask for? great drinks ( Go find Ramon in the sports bar at night - best bar tender on the island!) Awesome beach! so - so service, and decent rooms. Go for the beach not the food! and bring the Pepto!!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing but the truth.... My boyfriend and myself visited the Grand Paradise Bavaro from Mar.13-20. Yes, I know alittle late in writing the review but after reading some of the negative reviews that others have left behind, I figured that someone might looking into visiting this resort should have a truly unbiased review.I, myself have traveled quite extensively but this was my first time at an all-inclusive. The resort was beautiful and the staff were more than accomodating. All the staff we encountered went out of their way to make small-talk and to ensure that you were truly enjoying yourself. My advise is not to brush these people off. Take the time and talk to them. Also, be sure to leave little gifts (chocolate, bubble gum, etc.) or tip the maids daily. Nothing to large but enough. Some people forget that the Dominican is a 3rd world country and that their natives aren't as privilaged as us North Americas. Also the grounds were clean and a welcomed sight after a cold winter. All of the grounds were well maintained (pool included). There was never any vomit in any of the pools. We didn't spend much time by the pools but when we did we enjoyed ourselves. The pools were never overly busy. But do go check out the Club Paradise Bavaro's pool. FAN-TAS-TIC....much quieter and less children running around. As for the beach....it was magnificant. And yes the palm huts do tend to be quite full after breakfast but with alittle persistance you'll be sure to find one. There was never any rocks or reef pieces of any kind in the sand. So you don't have to worry about that. But if topless sunbathing women offend you, then perhaps this isn't the resort to be visiting. There are many europeans who were visiting at the same time we were, but it never bothered us in the least. But overall the beach was truly the best thing there. The rooms were clean and efficent. Never had a problem with it. What really impressed us was that the ceiling in our bathroom was leaky upon arriving and was repaired the next morning without us having to mention it. Maids did a great job cleaning *tip, tip, tip, tip*. Also our fridge was always re-stocked. In fact we had so much pop that we had to give some away to the construction workers one afternoon. So if you're not big pop drinkers definitely suggest giving the pop to the workers. They were very appreciative and once again pop is something they cannot afford at times. As for the food, it was fine. If you are expecting a 5 star restaurant...the buffet is not it. Always a great selection and for those who mentioned that the food was always cold...not the case. Temperature of the food was fine. I expect if you are the very last ones to eat at any meal, then yes it might be cold. And yes there are flies...but once again you are in the tropics! They are going to be flies. The utensils were never dirty nor were the cups. Plus the staff were very friendly and always helped us look for an empty CLEAN table when we walked in. The only down side to this trip was that both of us became ill on our 2nd last day. We had it narrowed it down to a boiled egg both of us shared for breakfast that morning. So word to the wise...is to steer clean of the boiled eggs. In fact I was still ill when I returned home for a few weeks. Nothing too serious and it cleared up after seeing my naturopath. But the whole illness issue never really changed my out-look on the resort. We can get food poisoning from any establishment that we eat at, so it's not all that uncommon.The one thing that I've been meaning to say throughout this whole review is to remind yourself that you are visiting a 3rd world country. Yes things are different. Yes, they do construction throughout the night (we do too..), yes the Dominicains are more forward and finally yes, the food is different as well. But please when you do go, keep an open mind. These people will work their hardest to ensure you are looked after.Overall a great resort to visit!!!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great week overall! My boyfriend and I (28  27 years old) just returned from a week long stay at the Club Grand Paradise Bavaro, the adjoining hotel of the larger Grand Paradise Bavaro. We booked pretty last minute and got an AMAZING DEAL. Considering what we paid we had a great time. The hotel is rated a 4 star, but I felt it was more like a 3 and a half star, but definitely a good value! Here are some tips if you're looking to book:ROOMS 4/5-try and get a room on a higher floor FACING the pool, the pool view rooms are fantastic; jacuzzi, large bathroom, sitting area, balcony, mini fridge stocked daily w/ pop and water-always use the jug of water they leave you in the fridge; ensure it's replenished dailyFOOD 3.5/5-the restaurant Manglar International (a la carte), just steps away from the pool, is by far the best restaurant on the entire complex (compared to the Buffet at the Grand Paradise etc); we ate most of our meals (breakfast, lunch and dinner) here because of it's convenience and the service at Manglar is EXCELLENT-for dinner you book reservations at the Terrace beside the restaurant; make sure to get there no later than 9:00am to book Manglar and the other a la cartes (Seafood, Italian etc) on the other side at Grand Paradise; get up early they book fast-the fruit juices at the bars are great too! -pool bar is great; note there's no pool bar at the Grand!-be aware that there are no snacks available on the Club side late at night so make sure you fill up at dinner or bring your own snacks from home (chips, chocolate) I had a craving for chocolate and had to pay $2.00 US for a chocolate bar at the gift shop-be aware that there are quite a few flies within the restaurants; it didn't bother me that much as i'm aware i'm in a tropical country, there's bound to be flies! don't worry too much about them. POOL  BEACH 4.5/5-although the beach is a trolley ride away it's worth it; the beach is probably one of the best i've seen GORGEOUS! BEAUTIFUL! -because the Club Grand Paradise is away from the beach it's quiet and there's room at the Pool! It can get quite busy but I found it to be nice and calm compared to the other side (Grand); it's nice to have the option to go to the beach one day and then stay at the Club pool the next SERVICE 4/5-the staff was fantastic and friendly! remember your basic spanish: hola (hello), gracias (thank you), por favor (please), cerveza (beer)-remember to bring lots of $1.00 US bills as tipping is allowed and you should do so if you feel that the service was good; we left a total of about $12.00 US for our maid throughout the week, well deserved! ENTERTAINMENT/NIGHTLIFE 3.5/5-the entertainment and activities staff are great; lots of options to do different things; no pressure if you just want to chill out-we went to the disco a few times and it was pretty dead; however our intentions on this trip were not to party! -piano bar at the Grand was a great place to sit and drink; sports bar had pool tables and a big screen, if you're significant other has to watch basketball playoffs, like mine! -Internet access available on the Grand side; need to buy access time at the Grand Paradise reception deskSICKNESS -my boyfriend did get sick throughout the trip, having to make several trips to the bathroom during the week; he did have stomach pains but I think that this is common amongst many Carribean third world countries-don't be startled if you get sick, it's part of travelling to these types of countries; remember to bring lots of Imodium Advanced AND Pepto Bismal with you from home - you don't want to have to buy them there as they are pretty pricey; better to be prepared; if you do get sick drink lots of fluids, not so much the water but reccommend the soda pop-oh yes, and bring bug spray if you're susceptible to being bit alot; you just need a little at night OVERALL 4/5-it's a great little resort where you can enjoy the amenities of the larger complex too (Grand); great place to stay if you want a quiet, chill out atmosphere-if you're paying well under the book prices $1200 + this resort is WELL WORTH THE MONEY!!!-if I get a chance to get the deal that we got, I would definitely go again! Hope this helps! Have a great trip, you'll have a blast!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>relaxing fun... I just returned last night from a one week stay at the Grand Paradise Bavaro. My boyfriend and I (24 and 25) planned this trip at the last minute and booked it a week before we were to leave because it was such a good deal. This is only my second trip to the caribbean and my first to the dominican. Here goes my review..... I went on this trip with abolutely no expectations..I was a little worried about some of the reviews that I had read, but decided to just see what happens and go with the flow. We arrived in Punta Cana at around 4:00pm and were taken to the resort. The bus ride is only about 20 minutes long and they are nice and air conditioned. Our check-in was smooth and we received a room in building 6 on the ground floor, which is right by the pool and the beach. The room was a standard hotel room with two double beds, a sitting area, night table, dresser with a television set. There was a small patio that had two chairs and a table. The bathroom had a sepearte area with a sink and large mirror, full closet (the safe and iron were located in here) and then a doorway led to the shower, bathtub, and toilet. There were no major problems with the room, but soon discovered a leak above the shower, our sliding door did not lock properly and the closet door was broken. I was a little worried about the lock problem, but everything else did not bother us one bit..we were on vacation. The grounds of the resort were beautiful..there is a pond with ducks, turtles, fish, and frogs. There are a ton of mature palm trees and the beach is two steps away. The beach is AMAZING!!! the water was the perfect temperature and there were a ton of palapas and beach chairs. We were late risers and had no problem finding a spot with shade. There were plenty of activities to do throughout the day. I played ping pong, volley ball, badminton, and we rented the boogie boards for the ocean. The entertainment staff had something going on all time and if you weren't interested in participating there was no pressure. At night the staff put on a different show every night at 9:30pm and then the disco would open at 11:00pm. I didn't go to every show, but I would have to say the bravissimo show was the best. I had a lot of fun at the disco and it was pretty busy. The drinks were pretty strong at this resort, so there was no need to drink a ton. I found that the most relaxing spot was the piano bar that was located above the lobby. There was always live music and plenty of places to sit. Now for my complaint.....the food!! There was an adequate choice, but I did notice that there was a lot of repeats. I found it hard at dinner time to try to find something that i really enjoyed. I am definitley not a PICKY eater and I love food, but near the end of my vacation all I could do was think about what the first thing is I am going to eat when I get home. We met quite a few people and the majority was sick with some sort of stomach problem including myself and my boyfriend. I was out of commission for one night, due to stomach problems. The A La Carte restaurants were however spectacular...my fave was the Italian. The only problem is you have to wake up at 8:30am to make reservations. All in all I did enjoy my vacation. It was what I was looking for because I just wanted to spend time on the beach. Also, I received a very good deal for this trip..if i had paid more i may be a bit more disappouinted. I think that if this resort improved it's food...I would go back in an instant..no questions asked.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>worth the money when I told everyone in NY that I spent under $1600 for all inclusive and airfare for 5 nights for wife and myself..everyone thought that was amazingly good deal..well they were right..to sum it up quickly..the beach..pool areas and free drinks were a 5 out of 5..the buffett foods for breakfast..lunch and dinner were culturely oriented..they did try and provided a wide selection..even though it didn't thrill me..I give the food a 3 out of 5..gave the room (oceanview) a 2.5 out of 5..the room was acceptable but not the quality of a ramada..hilton..omni..etc..one night we lost water and the next night we lost electricityand water...did not like the color scheme of the buildings ..where every building was a different color..they said it contributed to a caribbean flavor..but I thought it was cheap looking..overall a fun stay..no sickness..a 3.5 out of 5...RH  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Love The Beach My wife and I returned from the Dominican Republic less than 24 hours ago. Infact this had been out second trip in two years. Our first trip to the DR was in La Romana which was a great one with no complains. Our second trip around in Punta Cana was not that of a great experience. We stayed at the Grand Paradise Bavaro. Checking in was no problem. Within 5 minutes, we were on our way to our room 3214 - Building # 3. Unfortunately, instead of a Queen bed, we were faced with two full size beds. We settled for the two full size beds after we noticed that we were not getting anywhere with the front desk - availability may be an issue - yet I giva a rating of 5 out of 5.Our bathroom had a leak from above that caused the towels and tissues to be soaking wet. The maintainance personnel came by on four occassions / once each day to correct the situation. Sadly they were unable to correct the leak. This means that all four days at the Grand Paradise, we were stuct with a leaky bathroom. The lighting of the rooms was very poor. I love to read at nights before bed time. Here it is impossible to read with the poor lighting. Even the reading lamp could not have done the job. The noise from the corridor was always a nuisance at all hours of the night.The room is a 2 out of 5This is my main and utmost concern. The `FLY' situation. I have travelled over the Caribbean, South America, Europe and North America but have never seen so many flies in a Hotel or Resort. In the dining areas, I counted an average of 12 flies per tables. Flies were everywhere - on the utensils, on the food, on the patrons, on the walls - name it - everywhere. I did leave a note for Management regarding this situation. The is a ZERO - Sorry!Fourthly, the staff was excellent. Very friendly, polite and courteous especially my friend Dimingo and Company.This is a 5 out of 5The Pool areas were well maintained. The staff worked all hours to maintain the pools. Although towels were difficuly to get at times - yet I give a rating of 5 out of 5.The lawns were well maintained. Again, the staff were working all hours to present a well maintained lawn. This again is a 5 out of 5.The Restaurants accepts reservations NOT by phone, but in person. You are told to be the La Casa at 9.00 am for reservations. You be there at 9.15 and you are told that the restaurants are all booked up. Fortunately, I was on line at 8.00 am on three mornings for bookings. If you are an RCI or VIP member, no standing on line. The regulars are after the RCI and VIP customers.This is a 3 out of 5.The Bars were well stocked with various beverage. Again `Flies' everywhere - on the glasses, bottles, counter.....I will still give the bar a 5 out of 5.There were live entertainment in the evenings. Great shows, music and comedy. This is a 5 out of 5.The Beach was the best - one of the finest beach in the world. Lets sat `Miles and Miles' of beautiful beach. Again, this is a 10 out of 5.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>the_person
<Content>Absolutly great, a truthful review... This was my first ever time in the Dominican Republic or even the Caribbean for that matter and I must admit this was one of the best holidays I have ever had, our group of 5 only stayed for a week (23rd May to the 30th May) though but 2 would have been ideal to experience everything the resort had to offer. Before travelling to the DR, you must acknowlege that this is a 3rd world country and much of the area is developing as you will find during the transfers from Punta Cana airport; do not expect it to be anything like you would find in America, Canada, UK etc. Also opinions can only be based upon your own personal experience and my overall thoughts about this resort will differ from yours, I can only give you a rough example of what to expect. Also keep in mind that I went in low season where there is low occupancy, if your travelling in high season then keep in mind that service will be a lot different.After reading other reviews of this resort, I found them to be quite in-accurate, otherwise the people that wrote them must be extremlely fussy indeed; making a mountain out of a molehole. As I stated before, do not expect 1st class as this is a developing country. Try not to take everything onboard that people say about this place, I did and I was very apprehensive about going but thoroughly enjoyed it in the end :-D. There is one thing I would definetly recommend, carry most of your money in dollar notes and 10 dollar notes; great for tipping people, also if you try to pay taxis, shops etc they always say they have no change so you have to pay extra (they always do have change but want money for themselves, especially the woman in the gift shop who is also VERY grumpy, don't tip her)AIRPORT - 5 out of 5 - Punta Cana airport is absolutly beautiful; all made out of stone with thatched palm roofs. After stepping off the plane we entered arrivals and had our photo taken with Dominican women in traditional outfits, they also play live Merengue music in the background. I would advise you to have a pen ready by this point to fill in your $10 entrance visa. Everything ran smoothy and was very well motivated, we collected our bags of the carousel without even having to wait, then its through customs and your out. If you are going to travel to your resort by taxi, $22 is a reasonable price but be warned, the ride is very nerve racking!ROOMS - 4 out of 5 - Rooms were always clean, bright and colourful and had luxury amenities such as the minibar, cable TV, hairdryer, air conditioning. There was nothing to be complained about the rooms but it is money well spent to tip the maid about $2 per day as she will always leave swans made out of towels, flowers and make sure your minibar is always full and give you new and clean bedding, towels etc. There are construction works going on next door but I can honestly tell you this will NOT affect your holiday in any way, the building can hardly be seen from the your resort. Buildings one and two do face the construction but noise and pollution does not seem to be a factor affecting them in anyway. If you do feel you need to move to a seperate building, staff would be happy to help If you stay polite, happy and do not raise your voice. A small tip would also be very much appreciated. Also take into credit that you will not be spending all of your time in your room.FOOD  DRINK 4 out of 5 - Food was fantastic all round, uspet stomachs and food poisoning is none existent here as we met nobody with any problems. We all did experience 'jiffy' stomachs but we put it down to climate change, alcohol consumption, not drinking enough water and change of diet but definetly not bad food. All food in the buffet was great, they do try to cater for everybody and make gourmet food; always piping hot with steam billouing off. You can design your own pastas for dinner and have them freshly cooked by the chefs, design your own omelettes for breakfast, make toasties, toast, everything you can think of, they have. Do try to get there earlier than later (we went around 7.30pm) and food was fantastic, but once we went a bit later and there was not as much variety (but still great!) Decor in the buffet if gorgeous, everywhere is decorated in some way, even the cakes that looked to good to even cut! We never really tried the restaurants as we were never up early enough to get reservations, we only went in low season so it was a lot easier to get reservations, try to be there at around 8.50 and one is guaranteed. We did try the Italien, I had the Lasagne Napolitana which was amazing, definetly top class restaurant style and I can more than recommend it. I have heard that all other restaurant are fab and they all offer special nights such as barbeque night ( La Cana grill) and Lobster night (Seafood Restaurant). Drinks were great too, the beer was a local called Presidente, usually draft but still tasted nice. If you tip the barmen and be polite to them they may give you a bottled one if you ask. Also the cocktails are nice, especially the Tequila Sunrise but beware, all the cocktails are strong! Beware that the La Cana grill is open air so flies can be a problem, do not let them bother you and keep your food covered when your not looking; nothing can really be done to stop this. Also if you are the curious type, it is safe to have ice in your drinks because they ALWAYS use bagged ice, they do also water the wine down sometimes but not always; they always use bottled water.SERVICE  STAFF - 5 out of 5 - Some people are nice, some people are really grumpy; try to tip the people that offer you the best service as they do remember you and gives them an incentive to pay even more attention to you. Practically everybody in the resort was more than friendly and a simple 'Hola' can make a big difference although they always seem happy and in a good mood. The barmen in the Sports Bar were really funny and sociable, especially Pablo and Raulyn who deserve a big juicy tip now and then. I do hear the resort is under new management and has vastly changed, making a lot of the other reviews obselete because of the massive improvements, I never encountered any problems with service although the Receptionists can get stuck in Manyana sometimes; just stay patient :p The waiters also seem to help with the entertainment and do an absolutely fantastic job, they do karaoke, dance routines, magic shows and 'Who is the best Maria?' which was side splittingly funny. There is also a waiter there that is also a stand up comedien; very funny (MUAHAHAHAHA! You will know what I mean when you get there :P lol)POOL  GROUNDS - 5 out of 5 - Grounds are very well kept with towering palm trees and tropical plants, everything is colourful with lush green grass. Everthing is always clean with no litter. The pools are definetly a highlight of this resort, there are four to choose from, always clean clean and well kept. There were ALWAYS sun loungers and umbrellas as the pools were always empty, there were always activities there such as Salsa lessons, Volleyball, absolutely loads (theres also a kiddy club for the kiddies). There are also hair brading, massage and henna tatoo stands around the pool area. Absolutelty no complaints here, nothing can be improved it's the best of the best.BEACH - 10 out of 5!!! - This is the ultimate Caribbean beach, it's almost like the front page of a brochure! There were always hundreds of spare sunbeds and Papulas, no need to get up early as there was always a big choice! There is one thing that you must know is that the waves are extremely powerful, great for watersports but I would not advise young children or elderly to venture in; a short walk past the ship wreck where there are no waves at all is ideal. Kayaking can also be quite dangerous, only be prepared to take on this 'challenge' if your a very strong swimmer. I would definetly recommend the speedboat down the island, there are some truely Carribean sights down there, I saw secluded white sand beaches and blue lagoons (better than the Maldives :O). I would not recommend the Parasailing as I heard it was very dear and not worth the money. Snorkeling is definetly a must, walk up towards the right hand side of the beach and walk up to the small pininsula next to the beach bar, there are some shallow rocks that are absolutely teaming with tropical fish! Remember to take some popcorn, banana or bread for the fish as they come and take it right out of your hand! Be careful of the sea urchins that are on the floor and do NOT put your feet down as a sting could be extremely painful, there are also fish there that can be quite intimidating but I am pretty sure their harmless; there was one that I saw that had an extremely sharp nose almost like a Samurai sword and swim extremely fast, do not get in their way!WEATHER 5 out of 5 - The weather all depends on what time of year you go, although the DR has more or less constant temperatures all year round; rain and hurricanes are more or a variable factor. Low season runs from May to October which I think it is probably the best time to go, June being the best because there is no risk of hurricanes, monsoons, relatively low rainfall and low hotel occupancy. August to September is hurricane season and is not advisable to go because of sweltering temperatures and the risk of a hurricane. I did hear that there were days of endless rain before we traveled to the Punta Cana but ended the very day we got there, we had hardly any rain at all, clear skies, 32 degrees celcius days everyday but extremely high humidity making that temperature feel like the mid 40's. Air conditioning in your room is more than sufficient to keep the room cool all day and night and experienced no problems at all with the heat at night. The Sun is extremely strong all year with a UV factor of around 11 (which is classed as extreme in UV rating terms), I would recommend a minimum of 30SPF which is recommended by skin specialists for this type of climate for the first few days and work down to a minimum of 15SPF once a tan has started to develop. I used a low factor and burned extremely bad so be VERY careful. High season is from October to April, there is very low rainfall between these months and more comfortable temperatures ranging from 27-30 degrees celcius in Punta Cana. Remember to try and seek shade between the hours of 11.00am and 4.00pm where the sun is at its strongest and drink plenty of water. Also try not to take any notice of the forecasts as they are always inaccurate.Each and every single aspect of this hotel is great, keep in mind that a tip goes a very long way with staff and be polite and friendly, treat them the way you would like to be treated and I can guarantee you will get along great with them. Also acknowlege that this is a third world country and is in early stages of development; do not expect it to be too luxurious and this resort is what you make of it, try to keep a happy face :P. The resort also seems to be very popular with weddings as I saw 2 in one day, so if your travelling for a wedding or a honeymoon your definetly well catered for and seem to have a lot of experience at these occasions by the looks of the amazing decor they had there. Also as a precaution, it is advised to have Hepatitis A and B, Polio  Typhoid, Dengue Fever, Teburculosis and Malaria immunizations; although not compulsory it's probably is better to have them and be sure although you will probabaly never come across them, there has been a recent health warning for Malaria around the Punta Cana region, try to use an insect repellent with DEET and if you are going to use Malaria tablets; use Chloroquin because they have less side effects such as stomach upsets. None of our group felt we needed to have these immunizations and just used the insect repellent, I never even got bitten once with that stuff on! If you need any information at all please contact me on the attached email address and I will be in touch as soon as possible otherwise have a fantastic time at this great resort! Best Regards.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing My husband and I just got back and we had a great time. We went with 2 other couples and they enjoyed it as well. Our age group was between 26 to 40 and this resort had somemthing for everyone one. This is my second time in Punta Cana but my first in Grand Paradise Bavaro Resort. I don't know why so many people gave this resort a bad rep because we loved it. The rooms are spacious, the pool is clean, and the beach is amazing!!!! The staff are very friendly except the bartender at the sports bar. He just looks grumpy, but we didn't let that ruin our vacation. If you encounter one rude staff you can't give the whole resort a bad name. They do work a little bit slower than we do in Canada, but we expected that since we also have a south american backround. Things are taken with calm and at a slower pace but things get done. Remeber your on vacation so just relax and enjoy and make the best out of things. The food at this resort is good. I really recommend the al la carte restaurants, they are delicious especially the Asian one. Yum Yum. The buffet is not too bad and none of us got sick from the food, it was mostly from all the drinking we did....lol You must try the Coco Loco and the Banana Moma drinks, they go down so good. All in all it's a fun place. There is always activities during the day at the pool which are always entertaining and hallarious, you can choose to participate or just watch, although I recommend particpate because they do give away rum bottles for those who win. The only thing I don't reccomend to do is the strechy strechy in the sun..lol...it's too hot for that. TH emarket outside the resort is an excursion on it's own. They really are pushy and sometimes too pushy. Just say no thank you and walk away. But if your a good bargainer you will do fine. We bought a couple of things there by cutting the price the were asking for by 60%. I thin we did pretty good. That's it for my review, just enjoy and relax.Oh and don't forget you bug repelent.. that's a must take. Those masquitos bite through your clothes, so take something strong, and don't forget your sun block, atleast a 30, you'll need it, my husband is still suffering from his burns and we've been back for 3 days now. The sun is really strong!!!!Anyway enjoy your vacation. You will have fun!! We did  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the resort! Very friendly people! Before I went on my trip, I read the reviews from this website. They were very helpful but some of the responders must think that this was a 5 star hotel. It is rated a 3 but I feel that it should at least be a 4. The grounds were kept beautiful and the pool and beach were amazing. The help is very friendly but slow but this is not america. They move slower in this country. They speak very good english but it helps to know a few sayings in spanish. The rooms were beautiful and entertainment was excellent. My only helpful hint is to not travel to this country in May. We had rain every day and very little sun. We made the best of it and the staff has many activities going all day long. I encourage anyone to travel to Grand Paradise Bavaro.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RduB25
<Content>great time My girlfriend and I went to this resort about a year ago I decided to make my post now because this resort has recently had some bad reviews. We have been to the Dominican Republic about 10 times and we have been to punta cana, santo domingo and puerta plata and have tested many resorts. The grand paradise has to be one of the best we have been to with the exception of secrets exellence. We both found the beach to be the best in dominican, I mean you could walk for miles each way on the cleanest whitest sand and still not see the end of it. The resort pretty much only had one flaw and that was that there is no swim up bar. I found it was about a 4.5 out of 5 for cleanliness and the food was about a solid 4 out of 5 but I havent found any resort in dominican that has had bad food. The service we also found great with fresh towels and your rooms cleaned before you even had your lunch which is hard to do with all those rooms. The bad reviews that have been coming up are probably because these people hit a bad time to go there I mean it was on the news that people were gettin sick from the food so it should come as no suprise that those people gave grand paradise a bad review. What I will tell you is that this resort is one of the cleanest and well kept resorts in dominican and I would recommend this resort to anyone and yes I would go back again. Also we are leaving this saturday to head to princess bavaro in punta cana if you've been there and can tell me first hand your experience please email me. I hope this review helps you in your decsion  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gbuchman
<Content>Beautiful beach vacation       Looking east from pool bar to the beach (early AM)  
<Date>May 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise is a Small word for it !! it is eden!!       view ofthe beach  
<Date>May 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hated it but in the end Miss it!!!! Hello,I just came back 1 week ago. I traveled with my significant other and my sister and my 7 year old niece. My sister and nice stayed one week and my parter and I stayed for 2 weeks. When we arrived, we were a little disapointed with the decor. We are not snoby people, we are easy to please and just want a good vacation. When we checked into our rooms, that is when it began!!!If you like the sound of Slamming doors well this the hotel for you. It's sooo echo in the corridors it's insane!!!! We changed rooms and got an upgrade to a suite that overlooked the ocean and the pool area. You would think that a sweet would have at least a double, Queen or King bed, RIGHT???? Not!!!! it's two single beds!!!! Sooo much for being romantic!!!!During the night, we slept for , I would say 5 minutes. The noice of young teenagers that have no respect, yelling, swimming in the pool at 3am, when it's closed. I called reception, told them to send the security. GUESS what, security never came. They are lyers!!!!So I went down to reception and asked to speak to the manager, Alexander, sweet guy. Gave us another sweet but away from the pool and still having and ocean view. That made all the difference.My 7 year old niece, ADORED the kids club. The monitors are amazing with kids, they do all sorts of things. She was in a little fashion show, it was the cutiest thing.The food was OK, but some dishes were out of the ordinary!!! The service in the buffet is not that great, by the time you leave you table to get another plate, NEVER happened that my plate was taken away before my return. The staff at the restaurants, buffet, bars are great, but reception needs to know how to smile and be polite. The animation was amazing!!!! Great shows, we actually had supper with a couple of the performers, they are really nice.So in conclusion, it turn out good, i miss it, but will probably not go back. OHH I almost forgot, their sister hotel Club Grand Paradise is really pretty, the pool is amazing and the chairs have a thick patting. No music, if you want to relax more, take the little blue train, in 2 minutes you are there!!!That was fun!!!!Thank you for your timeRichard RobinsonRichard.robinson@memberworks.ca  
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>3	2	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hated it! My husband and I have gone to the Dominican twice. The first time we loved every minute of it. Our resort was wonderful, the people, the food, everything was great. This time we stayed at the Grand Paradise and was disgusted by the unfriendly staff, terrible food and FLYs all over it! Everyone we met were afraid to eat and rightly so, I ended up spending 2 days in a Dominican hospital and am still suffering from the Ameba I contacted in the food! I would not recommend this place to anyone.  
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The greatest time of my life This is my forthtime at thisresort in a year and a half, as a matter of fact, i bought time-share there. I feel sorry for the other guests leaving terrible notes, and that awfull wedding, as a matter of fact I saw 4 weddings there the two weeks I was there, The staff is especilly helpfull with everything you could want , politness goes a long way. Most of the problems i have ever had were with the other guests from different countries they were rude and dont know how to wait. Also If you want service although it is all-inclusive, a simple dollar for a tip to a waitstaff member or bartender, or front desk registration, wouldnt kill ya for excellent service, they remember who tips and who doesnt. I never even had to wait in line after a day of tipping and my drinkswere large and they kept coming same with the food and towels. The staff there works very hard for what little they earn Many things have gone wrong in the past there, but take it all with a grain of salt and laugh it off, My cousin and I laughed for two weeks straight. Alittle more american music would have been nice so bring cds, the staff would be happy to play them. Please dont be rude and enjoy your trip, i know it is crazy sometimes but remember they do work hard and they are a new resort in a deserted place, and I belieeve under new management.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good time We went at the Grand Paradise resort on the first week of May and in general we had nice vacations there.The beach is beautiful there and the sea is crystal clear. We spent most of our week at the beach and only one afternoon at the pool. The pool is also great but when you're coming from upnorth, you don't want to spend all your time there.Our room was in the building no6 and was really well located.We were 30 seconds away from the beach and we had a view on the pool from our room.The view on the pool during the night time was beautiful.The room was always kept clean,nothing to say about that.We had sometimes to run after the maid to get some towels but that's the only thing that we have to complaint about.The food was good in the buffet but keep in mind that it is a buffet.It is not better or worse than in Canada. The ''A la carte'' restaurants were good and the service was o.k..We never had a problem to get a place in these restaurants but they should allow more people in because each time we were dining,there was no more than 20 persons at a time in the restaurant even if there was place for at least 60.In the end,we had a really good time and we met nice persons there....a special hello to Marc from Moncton.Don't hesitate to go there,you won't regret it  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was OK, not fantastic. We spent a week at the Grand Bavaro, April 7-15, 2005. My husband  I are in our late twenties and traveled with another couple around the same age. It was a good price for a 4* so we thought we would give it a try. This was my first experience traveling internationally for vacation, my husband has traveled a lot and has worked overseas but this was a first time for both of us going to a resort.I have found most the reviews of this resort are pretty accurate.We went to the Dominican with no real expectations, knowing it is a 3rd world country. We did not expect to find the accommodations like they are at home and find the amenities from home. We understood that going into this. With that being said here is the rundown of our experienceéˆ¥?The rooms ( 4*for Building 6  1* for Building 1 ) éˆ¥?We had a mixed experience with the rooms. When we arrived they stuck us in a room that faced the constructions of a new resort in the midst of being builtéˆ¥?it was VERY noisyéˆ¥?they did move us after 2 nights to a better room in building 6 with a semi-ocean view (If you leaned over the balcony) The lights in the bathrooms are very dim, you were almost showering in the dark! And the water temperature was very irregular, but whatever, I have encountered that in hotels back home, I can live with that, just beware if you are traveling with Childrenéˆ¥?when the water gets hot it is Scorching!!! We really had no problems with this room and were quite enjoying it being close to everything until the day before we left. At 2pm we went back to our room to get cleaned up and our pass card didnéˆ¥æª› work neither did the maids or the maintenance mans, after é™† hour the maintenance man went in to the room next to ours and climbed around the balcony wall onto our balcony and let us in. Assuming this was just a dead battery in the door lock my husband left for an excursion he signed up for, he arrived back at the room at 6:00pm and the door still had not been fixed, I ended spending 5 hours of the last day there stuck in our room with 4 different maintenance men trying to fix our door. (They will not stay if you were not in the room) We were not pleased about that. When my husband arrived back at the hotel he asked that we be moved to another room since I had wasted most of my last day in the room waiting for them to fix this problem, well, finally after 7pm they moved us back to the building we were initially put in, next to the construction. This room had no towels, and had spider guts squished on the ceilingéˆ¥?This room was not clean to our standards and since it was the last place we stayed in this resort that seems to be the one that sticks out the most. If we ended up staying in our other room for the last night and did not have the whole broken door experience we would not have had any problems with the rooms. It was just really disappointing to have had to waste my last day waiting in a room with a broken door and maintenance men who kept promising 5 more minutes, 10 more minutes and 5 hours later nothing was fixed. They were trying to fix it though, I do have to give them credit for that. I just wish they has moved us sooner and into a cleaner more acceptable room. Overall, with the exception of the last room we stayed in, the rooms are for the most part acceptable.House Keeping ( 4* ) éˆ¥?Our housekeeper was great, and with the exception of 1 day had our rooms cleaned early. The day of exception we arrived back at the room at 5:30 and it still was not made up, she didnéˆ¥æª› arrive until 6pm. We left her little gifts and tipped her everyday and always had a well stocked fridge and even Extra towels! She didnéˆ¥æª› speak any English other then Hello, but with my husbandéˆ¥æªš help we didnéˆ¥æª› have any miscommunications with her at all.Towel service - (5*) - We never had a problem with the towel service on the beach. There were always clean towels available, even when we exchanged our towels throughout the day. The Staff - ( 3+* )The staff are for the most part, all really nice and most of them speak decent English. You can usually get what you need. The men are very flirtatious and well so are the women! You come across the odd person in the hallways that arenéˆ¥æª› as friendly but we just smiled and carried on our way. We did get the éˆ¥æ·­omorrowéˆ¥?or 10 minutes thing a lot but you just come to expect it. The couple we were traveling with had to wait almost an hour to initially get their bags up to their room. Every time they called they got the 10 minute spieléˆ¥?br/>The Beach ( 5* ) éˆ¥?is beautiful, the sand is soft and the surf is great to play in. Most of the time a nice light breeze to cool you off since the sun is very, very hot! Beware though, the breeze has you fooled as to how much sun you have gotten! Wear LOTS of sunscreen!!! We had a lot of fun swimming in the ocean. YOU DO however, have to get there by 7am to reserve a chair. At 7am the only chairs we could get were at the far end of the beach and in a back row. This is NOT an exaggeration! The surf is pretty strong, it will knock you right down if you are not expecting it. We had some serious blooper action a few times, it does make it fun I would just suggest to really watch children playing in the water. With a wave coming in the water gets deeper by sometimes a couple feet. I was standing waist high in the swimming area and a wave came in and the water was up to my neck and I was no longer touching the bottom. So just be aware. It is so much fun though!!Watersports ( 2* ) - I read in a previous review that someone wrote that much of the equipment looked like a shark got at it, I had to chuckle because my husband got a boogie board that had a chunk missing and I asked him that same exact thing that day. It is very well used equipment. My husbandéˆ¥æªš only request when booking this resort was we had to book where he could sail. Well they wouldnéˆ¥æª› let him sail because of the wind (Something you need to sail???) and the water was too rough. The 2 days he was able to sail it was so calm that they spent more time trying to get back to shore then they could sailing because you are only allowed to do it for 1 hour a day. The water sports were not very enjoyable at this resort. We do not recommend this resort if you are looking to sail.We went snorkeling right on our beach, if you bring some food out from the buffet the fish will come right up to you, there are a ton! Some really big too! We had a good time. If you are snorkeling outside of the swimming area stay on the far end of the beach (Opposite from water sports center) The boats flying in and out for picking up people to go parasailing and banana boating go far to fast and seem very dangerous. All they do is blow whistles to try and get your attention if your face is underwater snorkeling chances are you wonéˆ¥æª› even hear itéˆ¥?If you are outside of the swimming area it would be a good idea to wear water shoes, I scraped my feet more then once on the coral. OUCH!The buffet éˆ¥?( 2+* ) - well mixed reviewséˆ¥?We really liked that they did a theme night every night that was interesting. My husband enjoyed the buffet but works away from home so he is used to good  bad restaurant food. He really took advantage of trying all of the Dominican cuisine they had to offer and he liked it. I was kind of neutral when it came to the buffet. It wasnéˆ¥æª› fantastic but it wasnéˆ¥æª› horrible. We never went hungry, the pasta bars are good. And the crepe and waffle stations at breakfast were good. It would have been nice to see more seafood. We were a little disappointed with that. I was sick one evening through out the trip and I am not really sure what caused that. Dinners seemed to be better then breakfast and lunch. It does get tiring after 4 or 5 days so the ala carteéˆ¥æªš are probably a good idea to switch it up a bit! Ala Carte éˆ¥?International ( 5* ) - We were only able to book the ala carte restaurant on 1 day, it was at the International over at the adjoining Club Paradise Resort next door and it was Excellent! It was nice to be waited on and actually served a meal. We really enjoyed the food, the atmosphere and the staff at this restaurant. This is a must do!The grounds ( 5* ) are very nice and the overall appearance of this resort is beautiful. The pool looked clean but we didnéˆ¥æª› use the pool here for the week, with the ocean being right there. The pool bar always seemed to be very busy, but we never really waiting a long time for drinks.The Paradise Club Resort next door was really nice, we went over there a couple times, we spent the day there once and had no problems getting a wonderfully comfortable chair at the pool. They have a swim up bar that we really enjoyed as well as a really nice pool. It is much quieter here since most want to go to the beach. We talked to some of the people staying there and they have way nicer rooms to compensate for having to take a 5 minute trolley ride to the beach, like Jacuzziéˆ¥æªš and stuff in them. We really enjoyed our time spent here! We found the drinks were a lot better here too. They were nice and slushy, the other resort goes through them so fast that they donéˆ¥æª› have a chance to get slushy! We all loved the Banana Mamaéˆ¥æªš and Coco Locoéˆ¥æªš. Try them both! Youéˆ¥æª’l be hooked!!!Excursions ( 2* ) - We went on 2 excursions, the Bavaro Runner and the Bavaro Splash. Neither was worth the money we paid. There were some good points to them thoughéˆ¥?We enjoyed the snorkeling on the Bavaro Splash. The Bavaro runner had a lot of really good information but the bus ride itself was so long. And some points of this tour were a little boring. The Bavaro runner is a really long day and the Bavaro splash seemed so rushed, get us in and out quickly so they can get the next bus load inéˆ¥? I think next time we would just pick a snorkeling trip and something more specific instead of a catch all like the Bavaro Runner. We also went Para-sailing which we both really enjoyed. We would do that again in a second. We thought that the $80US was a fair price for this experience.Market ( 3* ) - We went to the market outside of the resort and found them not really willing to bargain to much, I heard you could get better prices at the beach market. My husband really worked on a few of the vendors at the market outside the resort and got pretty decent prices but who knows we could have done better at the beach market. They will chase you down though if you have been trying to make a deal and leaveéˆ¥?It was an interesting experience though.Nightly Entertainment ( 3+* ) -The entertainment was pretty good every night. We took in a couple shows. My husband really got into the Karaoke which was a lot of fun! It was very hot in there. So we generally left before it ended. We spent a lot of nights walking and just relaxing on the beach and felt completely safe.Bring lots of sunscreen and all of your OTC drugs and even snacks, as everything is very, very expensive in the gift shop!!!Overall we had a good time. My overall rating of this resort would be 3. I came home with only a few spectacular memories which was disappointing considering it was my first time traveling internationally and being in a tropical destination. The highlights of our trip were the fun things we created for ourselves to do with the couple we went with. With that being said, with the right company you can have a good time anywhere. And we did do that. Since this was our first time at a resort we didnéˆ¥æª› really have much for expectations and nothing to compare it too. I donéˆ¥æª› know that we would return to this resort when there are so many other wonderful places we would like to visit. If you have any questions about this trip review or questions in general about our experience feel free to contact us at ---Donéˆ¥æª› go with High expectations but the potential to have a great trip is definitely there.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brides Beware!! I have just returned home from what was supposed to be the happiest time of my life, my wedding in Punta Cana at the Grand Paradise Bavaro. It was supposed to be a stress free, happy time, but was STRESS FILLED and very upsetting at times. I have many emotions regarding my éˆ¥æ¸§acationéˆ¥?and wedding day, but unfortunately these emotions include disappointment, sadness and anger. I spent much of my éˆ¥æ¸§acationéˆ¥?at the front desk in the lobby trying to book dinner reservations, get rooms situated, waiting for the wedding planner, etc. I spent so much time in the lobby that I feel I missed out on a lot of my éˆ¥æ¸§acation.éˆ¥?I had absolutely no confidence in the staff and spent much of the time worrying if things would be done correctly. I spent some of my wedding night in tears because of a HUGE mistake made by the resort staff, a mistake which they have taken no responsibility for and for which we were not compensated. Some specific concerns:1) At the resort we were not registered as a Wedding Couple. They sent us to a regular room on the ground floor. It took my father 3 hours to have our room upgraded to ocean view.2) We did not have an appointment with the wedding planner when we arrived. We had to wait until Sunday evening (arrived Saturday afternoon). We received a different wedding planner than whom I had been corresponding with. 3) We were not able to book dinner reservations as a group because our group of 23 was éˆ¥æ¸¢oo largeéˆ¥?to accommodate. I felt as though we were being punished for being a large group and it took 2 days of discussions with our planner to even get dinner reservations. Even when we got the reservations we had to split the group into 2 and go at 2 separate times! 4) At the Seafood al la carte restaurant my meal was never served. I ate nothing. There was an obvious communication problem between the staff and customers. I had ordered a special vegetarian meal, but it never came.5) Our guestéˆ¥æªš rooms were spread out all over the resort, even though we had requested to be close together.6) 2 of our guests had booked ocean view and received a view of the construction site instead7) My sisteréˆ¥æªš room and my friendéˆ¥æªš room both had mould over growth. 8) The day of the wedding we lost water and air-conditioning when we were trying to get ready.9) At the wedding ceremony: We were told we would have the piano bar to ourselves to play a CD we had made. The CD had our wedding song, father/daughter dance, and wedding party dance along with some dance songs we wanted. When we arrived at the piano bar, it was not private and our CD was not there. It took 2 hours of myself and my wedding party at the front desk to find our wedding planner. When she arrived she told us the CD had been sent to another resort by accident. When the CD finally arrived and we started our first dance, we realized the stereo was not working properly. We could barely hear the music. We had to stop the first dance and wait about 45 minutes for the stereo to be fixed. Once the stereo was fixed (by my husband) and we started the first dance again, the band that was there began tuning up their guitars in the middle of our song!! Our wedding planner and the assistant manager did not seemed bothered by this whole mix up. We set up a meeting with them to discuss this the following day and they never showed up to the meeting. I spent about an hour of my wedding night in the bathroom crying, waiting for the stereo to be fixed. 13) My guest book was ruined by the staff who got pink frosting all over it.14) Several of the front desk staff were rude.15) Every single one of our guests got sick at one point or another during the trip, even though we were careful not to eat fresh vegetables or brush our teeth with tap water.16) My hair, which was done at the resort salon feel out during picture taking.17) My flower bouquet fell apart during ceremony. The bottom half fell off. I realize that when traveling to the Caribbean that things will not always go smoothly because it is a developing country and there is a language barrier. I was expecting some glitches in the plan, but never imagined so many things would go wrong and that I would be so stressed out my entire vacation. We decided to get married away to avoid the usual stresses of a wedding, but I feel I had more stress than if I had planned a huge wedding at home. The staff at the resort did not seem to care one bit about the mistake they made with the wedding. They made us feel like we were éˆ¥æ¸‚otheringéˆ¥?them. My group of 23 people, along with our wedding package and excursions brought over $37 000 to this resort, not to mention tips. I feel like we were treated very poorly and simply dismissed by the wedding planner and staff. I am extremely upset and do not want anyone else to go through this for their vacation or wedding. The Grand Paradise Bavaro was a Grand Nightmare.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Resort Beautiful....the service needs HELP!!!!!! Well where does one start. We went on a Family Vacation there were 6 of us, 2of us stayed here at the Grande and the other 4 stayed at the Club Grande adjacent property.I love the propery, as we have stayed last time in the Bavaro Beach Resort which was a beautiful resort. The property was very clean, the service would have been top notch if only the had more staff.They could not keep up to the demand of the people,I did feel sorry for them.The staff that were there were very friendly always had a smile on there face and were happy to see you, they never complained or did you see them in a grouchy mood, like we get when we have a bad day, and Im sure they have lots..... complaints is all we herd while in this property.The glasses were not clean at all and they were plastic, they rinsed them in a slap hazzard way, tables if the buffet were always hard to find especially in the morning ,you had to get at the buffet first thing or you waited.......... We never got SICK however and Im quite surprised at that but hey good on us..LOL The rooms were nice about a 3/5 the maids were nice and thank god they cleaned our rooms in a timely fashion.The constuction was noisy but we did not let it ruin our vacation even tho our travel agent said it was near done...yeah right.The Beach was a 5/5 I loved it... except I did not like the fact of getting up at 6.30am to reserve a chair under the huts. because if you did not then you were stuck in the hot sun all day and man that sun was Hot!!! which I loved.The trolley ride to get to the other resort was a royal pain in the butt 10 min round trip which was very inconvient the other family members were not amused if they happen to forget something while over at the beach, to go and come back well lets say.. they just said forget it and went without.I had fallen while at the resort and trying to deal with management was not very good at all, they conveintly know when english is not a second language to them, but when it is for something positive, well lets just say there english is great..the management was not good at all!!The entertainment was a 2/5 the same everynight, just different themes and getting starting was boring so they waisted alot of time,but the actors/dancers were good I give them E for effort to do a show in that heat even at night.This Resort could be a 5star, given they pay more attention to more staff and cleanliness because the grounds and beach are a 5, now just put some more effort into the rest and maybe I would go back.  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Precious07
<Content>Wonderfulllll I stayed at the Grand Paradise Hotel in the 2003 twice, 2004 three times and am planning on going again this year. I have kept in touch with  many people there and made many friends. Even my family went  and enjoyed themselves totally. I can go there and feel safe even if  I go alone. It would be a great place to have a wedding . I really can't say enough about it.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>awesome_tripCanada
<Content>Great Resort !!! We stayed in this resort for our honeymoon. We loved it! Everything was perfect. The hotel,the staff, the food (Lots to choose from 2 buffets and 2 restaurants) The beach was beautiful! I can not believe that some people thought it was not a great resort. Reading the rewievs I figured that all off them are written by different people who had their own individual expiriance. Just because they had some thing go wrong on their vacation, had a bad mood or are just plain fussy, does not mean that there is anything wrong with the resort. We had a great expiriance and a wonderful time. The resort is really really excellent. It's definately a 5 star!!!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid this resort Grand Paradise or lots of parasites?. If you want to go somewhere where cleanliness is also on vacation then go here.Be careful to wipe down your room and watch what you eat, several people we met got sickDirty plastic glasses dipped in COLD water and then returned to the bar; vomit in the pool for two days, grundge on the sportsbar tables, flies eating better than you do...The food was okay if you like to guess what is actually in it, and it's almost always cold at the buffetAh but what about the drinks those wonderful carribean drinks...I don't remember them coming out of a plastic jug and placed into a fountain dispenser just waiting for alcohol to be added.What happened to real coconut milk, blendered bannanas, frothy and tasty drinks. I guess the budget did not allow it here.The rooms are dark and dingy, they use those low watt fluorescent bulbs which look like pretzels and give off no light for reading at night.The service was adequate and the staff friendly enough and the weather was good.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time can't wait to go back .... Just returned from a week at the Grand Paradise Bavaro. My husband and I went with another couple and we had a great time. We had read all the reviews before we left and we were a little worried but happy to say that everything was great. From the moment we got there we ate everything and drank the water that was provided and we never had one problem. The sun is very very hot and I recommend that you use a high sun screen when you first arrive. We had tanned before we left and the sun was so strong it didn't matter if we came with a base or not. The staff was very friendly and a dollar goes a long way . Remeber to bring lots of US $1.00's and some treats for the local children. There smiles you get for a stick of gum is worth a million bucks. :)  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OLA All! Ola All......I just returned from a weeks stay at the Grand Paradise....I have to say it was the best $1000.00 spent on a vacation...I have been on 4 cruises and have traveled throught the US so this was my first international vacation....I meet the nicest people from all over the world including Germany.....I found the staff to be very friendly especially the pool bartenders whom we got to now on a personal level....Some had children and families and shared pictures with us. They worked very hard a the resort and some stayed there during the week because of a long drive back and forth....The VIP staff, Estephan and Maria were very nice to me even doe I was not a member. We got to enjoy all the restauants and found the buffet to have a lot to chose from...and you could find something good to eat every day from th many choices....We ate alot of seafood and fish, the fruit was good and you had your choice of different vegetables every day...As I said I had a great time in very aspect of the resort...So much I am considering or should say going to take my children and granddaughter there next April....So in closing I highly recommend the resort to anyone considering visiting them.....Say Ola to all the good people ....Roberto,Victor,Raul,Nelson, Estephan and Maria  
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Grand Paradise is typical for Punta Cana A group of 10 stayed at the Grand Paradise for 1 week. Overall I enjoyed my stay at the resort but saw very little difference from the other two Punta Cana resorts I've stayed at. First was the Barcelo Bavaro and the second was Breezes. If you dropped me in any of these resorts I wouldn't be able to tell which one I was at when it came to food, service, rooms, and beach.The Grand had a great easily accessible layout and the resort itself wasn't that large. We only had one person get sick, really sick but she could have brought that with her according to her doctor at home. My last two trips to the Dominican saw more than one from our group get ill and we didn't stay at the Grand. I believe it's each persons reaction to the different food, spices, oils, and general preperation that makes them ill. That's not to say some food my be under cooked, spoiled from sitting out too long or whatever. Every one of the 3 resorts I've stayed at in the Dominican had open air buffets so nobody can tell me this resort is unique in that way.The buffets couldn't keep up with the demand for their roast chicken so it never sat for more than a few minutes at most. Fries were always hot and fresh. If you get sick here then you have an equal chance of getting sick at any Punta Cana resort.The beach was beautiful, the staff were really friendly to us, the speciality restaurants were great especially the Italian, and Chinese. The room was clean and everything worked. The maid service was prompt, and very friendly. Our group consisted of a 23 y/o, 26, 28 y/o, 33x2, 35, 39x2, 45, 50. You can't get a much broader range of ages than that and we all had a great time even the one person that was sick for 3 days. We never really checked out the evening entertainment but heard it was your typical resort style. The disco was busy and the music was great, lots of variety.Not one this about this resort surprised me. Everything I researched was as I anticipated. When you do your homework you won't be disappointed. We drank out of 52oz mugs all week and never had one problem.Hope you enjoy your stay.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sadly, An Authentic Review My boyfriend, myself and another couple (all in our late twenties) just returned from Grand Paradise Bavero in Punta Cana. My boyfriend has done his share of traveling abroad, combined; weéˆ¥æªe visited 6 resorts so I feel our opinion is valid. Weéˆ¥æª™e not hard people to please; weéˆ¥æª™e all pretty relaxed and understand the concept of visiting a foreign country. To those people that assume a negative review is only from people who éˆ¥æ¸†xpect to be waited on hand and footéˆ¥? On the contrary, each experience is subject to personal opinion. We read the trip reports before leaving of course, and although some were pretty shady, we vowed set aside the not-so-great reviews and judge for ourselves. With that, The Rooms éˆ¥?1 StarWe paid for a garden view room and when we arrived we were double booked with some other couple in a room that had a perfect view of the construction going on outside. Yes, itéˆ¥æªš true, you DONéˆ¥æ©³ spend a lot of time in your room on vacation but CAUTION - they work throughout the night as well! In conjunction with that, if youéˆ¥æª‡ like to take a 3:00 pm afternoon siesta on your holiday, think again as the hammering and constant yelling makes it impossible. The curtains donéˆ¥æª› close entirely either, so you have constant light (natural during the day and powered by night) shining in your room at all times. They agreed to switch our room two days later; this one faced the éˆ¥æ¸’ids Clubéˆ¥?which I guess was better than the construction. The halls echo, like no other hotel Iéˆ¥æªe ever been in so between this and the construction going on, we didnéˆ¥æª› require an alarm clock. The showers are pretty neat too, the water had this awesome system, hot-warm-cold, hot-warm-cold, cycling through in 30-second intervals. I understand weéˆ¥æª™e on éˆ¥æ·’ominican timeéˆ¥?but our room wouldnéˆ¥æª› get cleaned till sometimes 6:30 PM, just when your heading back to clean up for supper there they wereéˆ¥? When it was done in a timely manner (like before supper) we wouldnéˆ¥æª› have clean towels or weéˆ¥æª‡ be missing pillowcases or something of this nature. Oh YES, caution éˆ¥?the maids WILL walk in unannounced. My boyfriend and I were enjoying one anotheréˆ¥æªš company in the éˆ¥æ¸›rivacyéˆ¥?of our room and in storms one of the maids! Jeeshhéˆ¥?When we arrived at the 2nd room to finally settle in, we walked into our room and amaid was still cleaning it from the prior guests. Apparently she was done becuase she left and left behind hair piled in the corners of the floors, urine on the toilet seats, hair inside the fridgeéˆ¥îš¯éˆ¥æª“ not picky éˆ¥?but céˆ¥æª“on! The Pool éˆ¥?4 Stars We didnéˆ¥æª› spend much time here, who wants to be at a pool when the ocean is a hop-skip and jump away anyway? Iéˆ¥æª“ not sure why other reports mentioned the pools were very dirty, as we found them just fine. The later part of the evening you would find plastic glasses on the pools edge, but they were always cleaned up by morning. If you get an opportunity, make sure you take the tram over to the Bavero Club, which is affiliated with the Grand Paradise. The pool there is amazing, I think there are 4 different areas, all offering different levels of privacy, which was nice. The lounges at this resort are very nice and are very comfy, you can always find one at this resort. Itéˆ¥æªš very quiet at the Bavero Club and the change was nice. There is an awesome swim up bar here as well and the drinks are so much better, the bartenders are jovial and always pleasant. Sandro was the best! éˆ¥æ·¥hhhh-kayéˆ¥?with a smile on his face whenever someone needed another Coco Loco éˆ¥?he was tipped well by us as he was one of the few bartenders that appeared truly happy to be doing his job. The Beach éˆ¥?4 StarsIéˆ¥æªe seen better, but the beach here is very beautiful. The one problem was the reefs, which interrupted with any surf you might be looking for. Do be careful of your feet - There is A LOT of rocks in the water and we hurt ourselves on more than one occasion. If youéˆ¥æª‡ like a chair/lounge under a hut at all during your vacation, be prepared to set the alarm for 6:00am daily éˆ¥?yes the other trip reports ARE accurate éˆ¥?6:00am! I read a report where a guy stated 8:00am is early enough to secure a chairéˆ¥?whatever buddy! Perhaps we were at different resorts? People get up (Iéˆ¥æª“ sure) at 4:00am and walk down there, put there towel on the chair and go back up to bed. Itéˆ¥æªš absurd. There is a lot of topless sunbathing at this resort, more than Iéˆ¥æªe seen at other resorts. Someone every ten steps is a fair statement to make. There were a lot of women by the pool as well. This doesnéˆ¥æª› bother me, as I sun topless as well, but it was a little éˆ¥æ¸™ver the topéˆ¥?to see women up at the bar ordering drinks with it all hangin out or walking the hotel pathways too. There is a time and place for everything and it was tacky sometimes. Some of the Europeans simply didnéˆ¥æª› know how or care to determine which spots are appropriate and those, which arenéˆ¥æª›. Bring an insolated mug; youéˆ¥æª’l be happy you did. The Food éˆ¥?1.5 StarsWhat can I say? The other trip reports are accurate - the food stinks. All four of us were sick and running to the bathroom quite often. I pretty much lived on croissants and bacon for breakfast, pasta bar is a safe bet for supper and the chicken wings on the midnight buffet are good too. You eat constantly there and when you come home you'll have lost weight! *lol* That tells you something about the food. Iéˆ¥æª“ a healthy girl and enjoy eating a good meal, but when you can tell the left over food was kept from the prior day and being re-served on the buffet? No wonder everyone gets sick. The glasses for your fruit juice in the morning (found in the cooler) are beyond dirty; I probably went through 10 glasses and walked away because I was so cheesed off. Eventually I let my boyfriend get my juice for me in the morning so I didnéˆ¥æª› have to see what the glasses looked like that I was forced to drink from if I wanted apple juice for breakfast. Try finding a clean table too, good luck. Their dining is very systematic, there are éˆ¥æ¸Ÿcrapéˆ¥?stations set up everywhere and as your eating, theyéˆ¥æª™e standing there scrapping plates right behind youéˆ¥îš°ust waiting for you to be done. The best meal was at other hotel, the El Carte Internationaléˆ¥?It was exceptional and it was nice to be served by someone too and not have to deal with lines, dirty tables, flies and dirty cutlery. We spent almost 2 hours waiting in line that morning to get reservations but it was worth it. Other hotels let you book your weeks worth all in one shot - not here though...you spend 2hrs everytime you want to book. Fun. The Market éˆ¥?2 StarsStick it out - Go in, and get out. Theyéˆ¥æª’l try to guilt you that éˆ¥æ·µour rich and theyéˆ¥æª™e notéˆ¥?or if you donéˆ¥æª› give them that extra dollar éˆ¥æ¸¢heyéˆ¥æª™e children wont eat that nightéˆ¥? We had a couple things we wanted to purchase and he told us 2850 pesos for everything, in the end, this man was so abrasive and abrupt that as we were walking away he is yelling at us 300 peso!! 300 peso for everything!!. We continued to walk, which didnéˆ¥æª› impress him but we were not prepared to deal with him, even though 300 peso was an excellent deal. He dropped his price from 2850 to 300 pesos, thatéˆ¥æªš substantial éˆ¥?they know theyéˆ¥æª™e bottom line price and youéˆ¥æª‡ be surprised how low theyéˆ¥æª’l go. Donéˆ¥æª› let them guilt you like they tried with us though, it just makes the experience not worth it. All the shops have the same stuff; itéˆ¥æªš really just finding a vendor thatéˆ¥æªš not a jerk to deal with. They are forceful and very pushy éˆ¥?try to have fun and if all else fails, just walk away. The Atmosphere éˆ¥?2 StarsThere is a good mixture of people here. I wouldnéˆ¥æª› say itéˆ¥æªš exclusive to singles, couples, families or other. There was always something going on during the day, be a volley ball game or competitions at the pool. The concept of the hotel is very open and airy. There is a nice mix of places you can find privacy and a lot of areas you can find people and interaction. Outside the resort it is very dirty. I understand itéˆ¥æªš a foreign country but they donéˆ¥æª› take a lot of pride in their land, there was garbage everywhere. Right from the streets to the sugar plantation éˆ¥?garbage everywhere both visual and the smell were terrible. The Nightlife éˆ¥?2 StarsThe club was filled with more workers than vacationers; (planned I'm sure to entice people) Regardless, we only visited the club once. The entertainment was fair to good. They did theyéˆ¥æª™e best every night, always with a smile on their face. You just didnéˆ¥æª› see a bunch of women in cheesy outfits and thongs on stage every night, they actually had it together with story lines to their performances. Itéˆ¥æªš hot in there though; get a seat at the back. If youéˆ¥æª™e looking to sneak off and relax after the show, the Club Bavero Pool Bar is open till 11:00, it quiet, personable and always a good time. We took a walk on the beach every night too, it was quite safe and we didnéˆ¥æª› feel like we had to be looking over our shoulder at all. The Excursions éˆ¥?2 StarsDepends on what you take, we were advised by our rep to take the Ski Jets and Bavero Runners. The ski jet was 62 dollars per person and was a rip off. Looks inviting at first, (you drive your own 2 seated jet boat) But itéˆ¥æªš very systematic and our boat(s) broke down. My boyfriend and I were moved twice. They herd you in a herd you out. They are quite good with the Whistles they use too, telling everyone to éˆ¥æ¸Ÿit down and listenéˆ¥?or éˆ¥æ¸‰urry up on the way backéˆ¥?The corral reef they take you to for snorkeling was, well, lame. Grab some bread from the buffet and head down to your own beach with your snorkel gear; you see pretty much the same thing there. These are all subject to opinion and what interests one to the next will vary. Perhaps your or others will have a more favorable experience. We parasailed, $80.00 US for tandem...Indiffernt about that, No 10 Dominican Minutes on this one. Rather than giving us the extra couple minutes, we we given the privilege of watching a crew member parasail back into the resort...Nice. In Closing, I hope your experience at the Grand Paradise Bavero was better than ours. Perhaps it was not the Country, or the people but just the hotel. I understand that it may seem as though people come across to picky about all the small things, but it's the small things that can turn a trip into a substandard experience. There is an expectation from you at this resort from the staff, get it and get you out. I can't quite put my finger on it, but you're a tourist and you're treated that way as well. Like I said, be it your dining expereinces at this hotel or the excursions you take -- The mind set is Get you in  get you out....You'll see what I mean. Nobody pays good money to take a vacation, read shady reviews, still reserve a positive predilection and find out in the end the reports were accurate. *lol* Its not as though one anticipates the thought of going on vacation only to come home and be critical, having to do so sucks actually. I wish I was writing a good review and that we did in fact enjoy the experience. On a scale of 1 to 10, I would give this resort a 4/10 and those 4 stars go mainly to the company I was with and the Banana Mamaéˆ¥æªšéˆ¥îš¿ou be the judge as I was mine, perhaps your experience will be a positive one. Feel free to email with any questions, we took 22 rolls of film while we were there....if your interested in seeing any part of the resort. Have Fun  Good Luck.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>styles018
<Content>An Incredible week we'll never forget My wife and I and another couple stayed at the GPB from Apr/04 - Apr/11 and the week was one of extreme enjoyment. We also read all the negative reviews and honestly, I was a bit worried since I learned of this site AFTER we had booked. Thank God I did because I might have changed my mind. I truly can't understand how anyone could possibly knock this hotel and the staff that work there. I will break down my review into sections. Here goes....SERVICE: As soon as we arrived (around 1:00 pm) our bags were put aside for us and assured us they were safe in the lobby. While we waited in line at the desk to register (about 5 mins tops) we were given our bracelets and served a drink (What a terrible resort! LOL). When we got to the desk to register the man was joking with us, had a huge smile, told us our room wouldn't be ready till around 3:00pm, but we could go get something to eat and check back later. He shook my hand, thanked me for choosing his resort, and sent us on our way. ROOMS: There is constuction going on next to the resort, but only beside one of the six buildings, so you may want to ask for a certain building when you book. We stayed in building 4 which we thought was just fine. The rooms were very clean, floors mopped every day, and the fridge well stocked with coke, sprite and water. The maid was extremely nice. A tip I should give is to leave money daily and not all at once, as the maids usually change mid week. We left $2 a day along with some little things my wife picked up (hair clips, razors, crayons, stuff like that). If you smile and ask how they are instead of just walking by, you will be amazed at the level of hospitality these people have. We didn't see any ants in our room, even though we did do some snacking in there. I really can't complain at all about the rooms.BEACH: One word INCREDIBLE!!!!!!!Tip: If you want a cabana, you better be at the beach by 8:00am. (not by 6:00am as it says in other reviews)POOLS: The pools were very clean, very refreshing when laying in the sun for a period. I found there was enough chairs, although not always the spot you really want but who cares? The pool bars moved very fast. I tipped the waiter a few bucks the first day, but really there was no wait even if you didn't tip. Tip anyway though! The only negative thing I can say is that you couldn't swim after 7:00pm. It would've been nice to take a late night dip a couple of nights. Really no big deal though.NIGHTLIFE: The animation team was amazing!! They organized beach games in the day and then put on an incredible show at night. My wife was amazed at all the beautiful costumes they had. It was really first class!!! There was comedy in between acts with karaoke every second night before the show started. After the show ended the Disco would open. We went 2 nights and had a really good time.ATMOSPHERE: We totally loved the atmosphere at the GPB. We met some really nice people and the staff were so friendly. We really bought in to the Dominican time thing. The whole week was both fun and relaxing all in one.FOOD: The food at this resort was actually pretty good. They do cook with a different oil though, which does have a different affect on different people. My wife and I had no problem, but as for the other couple we went with, she was o.k. but he wasn't LOL. Let's just say he used up some immodium LOL. Like i said, it affects different people in different ways. You will probably know how it will be after the 1st day. The Al-A-Carte restaurants will take bookings from 9am till 11am (get in line by 8am)and you can only book for that day(new rule). The Italian restaurant was by far the best, with the steakhouse coming second, then the chinese. When staying at the GPB you can take the trolley over to the GP Club and enjoy everything they have as well. DO THIS!!! While the buffet at the GPB is good, lunch at the club is excellent! You are seated and a waiter takes your order. It's like an al-a-carte without a reservation. People, don't be fooled by those who say the food is terrible, because we all had no problem finding something we liked every day.Overall I can easily say that the Grand Paradise Bavaro was an excellent choice for us and everyone we spoke to at this resort felt the same way. I guess if your looking to be treated as upper royalty and you want your feet kissed this may not be the place for you (LOL) because this is the only reason I can figure someone would write a abd review of this place. I definitely will be back!!!!!If anyone has any questions, you can e-mail me at iceman_018@hotmail.com  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time in Punta Cana The Grand Paradise was a great place to stay for a first time visit to Punta Cana. The resort was very nice and clean. The Beach is just a small walk away. The workers are very friendly and not overbearing. We found the variety of food to be a little different than the average American buffet but there was plenty of food to keep you full. Make sure you get up early to make your dinner reservations at the inclusive restaurants (they are worth the wait time in the reservation line). Myself and three friends went and we are definitely going back to stay longer (we only stayed 4 days). The beach is beautiful (even with little fish swimming by your feet in the ocean). Market place shopping was in walking distance. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone going to Punta Cana. Make sure to visit Mongu Club. Great place to dance and socialize. Take a cab ($12.00 american dollars one -way).  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The 3 R's: rest, relaxation,  I just returned from a week long stay at this hotel. The beaches are gorgeous and the pools are very large...even bigger than the Breezes next store. It was very relaxing to bathe in the beautiful weather every day. Whether you're on the beach...poolside...or visting the club next door (free to all grand paradise guests, just take the tram) you can't go wrong. The service was okay, but mainly because I was just with girls and the dominican men love blonde hair and blue eyes. Watch out. Although, we went over to the club one day for breakfast and it took us 20 min. to get a menu. If you plan on eating at a restaurant...go to the club to make your reservations because you could stand in line for an hour and a half at the grand paradise and still not get a table. The Italian is really the only decent choice. The problem was the food. I did't speak to one group of people who didn't experience an illness during their stay. I was stuck in bed for a full day myself, luckily I had come prepared with a bag full of medicines. I even spoke to one of the concierges who admitted that a lot of the guests were getting sick. He asked if we would return.. and we frankly said no, not here If you're considering this hotel, make sure to bring your Cipro, Pepto, Immodium, and some Ibuprofen....oh, maybe even a bag of IV fluids.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just the best!! I had the best time ever.As many people on this site when I first saw all the others reviews I was scared...but i Had booked already but now I dont regret it! The hotel itself its gorgeus...the beach, the rooms everything! service wasnt bad, but needs some improvents... some couple ate something and got sick but it was just because they had drinked a lot! I ate the same thing and was more than ok I tried all the restaurants even the ones at the club ..awesome!! great atmostphere people just do their best to make you feel happy!! I requested an ocean view room with a King bed and got it... for those looking night life.. you can stay at the hotel disco til' 2 and then go to mangu at the flamenco 12$ US cab. its open til' 5am. great trip great time...perfect for couples and family...P.S.beware drinks are way too strong...drink safe and wont get sick... bring lots of sunblock ...  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible food and service How to start this up...My gilfriend and I went on the week of the 26th of april and I can tell you we would never go back there ever again. We were expecting a 4 stars resort but I tell you it was a maximum 3. FOOD: 1/5The food is terrible and if you want to BE SICK for a week, it`s the place to go. They use tap water for some drink, and by the way it`s not potable, the glass they give you are always dirty, they rinse into the non-potable water and put your pina collada in it. We try all the resto è„Œ LA CARTE and if you want to eat the exact same ---- that you have at the buffet it`s the way to go. At the end of the week we were so scare to eat that we lost almost 10 pound. You want a diet, diarea, vomiting, the way to go.BEACH: 5/5The beach is so great, it`s like a paradise. I have nothing to say about that because it`s was clean. The only problem is there are not enough chair available...SERVICE: 2/5Service is bad.I wonder if there is a conflict between the staff and the owner but there is someting going on there. It seem you always ask to much even for a drink. When you go to the buffet, 9/10 the table is empty and you have to ask for glass, knife ect... The table are often very dirty and like i said you seem to ask too much again. I have to remind you that this is a 4 stars resort...HA HA HA.ROOM: 3/5Average nothing more exept the buiding next to the resort under construction lot of noise a 0600 am WAKE UP!ANIMATION: 2/5Bad I travel a lot in the south and they are badCONCLUSION:DON`T go there I reed the reviews before going there and I tought these persons exagerate but I tell you that you will regret this because the food and the service is not 4 stars and it seem everybody we spoke to were sick. It`s up to you but YOU HAVE BEEN WARN.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The club grand paradise-peaceful and relaxing My husband and I stayed at the club grand paradise from march 14 to 21st. For those who are unaware, the club grand paradise is a new annex (opened dec 2004 ) resort to the grand paradise. You have access to all the facilities of the grand paradise and the spectacular beach which are just a short (less that 5 minutes) trolley drive. More peacful because there are less people staying here.ROOMSThe room at the club are quite impressive for the price. The one bed rooms have a nice jacuzzi dividing the bathroom area and the bedroom. There is also a nice glass door shower. Our rooms were cleaned properly every day even though we didn't leave a tip every day. One thing to watch for is that they provide 4L of spring water in the bar fridge but on one occasion we receive a bottle with the seal broken and it was obvious is was tap water. 2L of water are available at the small giftshop for 2$US. Play it safe.SERVICEWe were statisfied with the service. We got our room right away. Be sure to get the lock from the safe right away. We forgot at first about it and we too excited to hit the beach...we thought we were safe for a few hours but we ended up at the hospital (husband dislocated his shoulder) and return to our room 5 hours later with 20$ US missing (even though I did hide our money). That's why we were not too keen on tipping. Someone had a nice tip on the first day!FOODFood was average. We both got a stomach ache and diarrhea after eating at the grill. We were also sick for a few days when we arrived home. I expected this b/c the food is so different even though it looks like something you would cook at home. We strongly recommend and urge you to go to the Manglar restaurant. It is at the club and the only restaurant there. People stayting at the Grand Paradise can also go there even though they won't tell you. We went twice. The steak is really good. Service was empeccable. Nice relaxing atmosphere. BEACHThe beach is to die for. We walked for hours at a time. Huge waves though. We played in the wave on the first day. My husband was hit by a big wave and dislocated his shoulder. (Hospital: Punta Cana medical clinic was clean and modern..just be patient...took us more time to complete the insurance papers and billing than take care of my husband.) We went first thing in the morning (8h30-9hoo) to get a hut. There enough huts and chairs. We always got the same one towards the right end of the beach...there was less people. We would stay at the beach most of the day just relaxing...which was my main purposePOOLThe pool at the club was quite nice. Nice new wooden lounging chairs and a swim up (or walkup) bar. There are stools in the water. We stayed around the pool in the late afternoon. Really not busy and always the same people so we talked to a lot of them. There is not activities here so the atmosphere is peaceful. We loved relaxing here too!ATMOSPHEREThis resort is smaller in comparison to the Baha Principe and the Breezes. We went on the property of both these resorts and it was packed!!!!!!! A lot less privacy and peace at these resorts. It really depends on what you are looking for. But just the sun and the sound of the wave is enough to create the best atmosphere!SHOPPINGThere is a market just across the street from the grand and the club. But be ready to be bombared by seller. We bought nice paintings for less that 20$ US each but there is some at the hotel gift store (the club has nice ones) and they came on the resort one night so we would have waited b/c pricing was not a whole lot different. Don't wait to buy souvenirs at the airport. Not really much and pricy.OVERALLOur vacation was a success because its purpose was to relax and get a nice tan and we succeeded at both. The club is relaxing and peaceful. Great value. Probably i won't return just because there are so many things and places to see..a whole world full of it!!!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid until they clean up the food problem My wife and I just returned from our stay of a week at the Grand Paradise Bavaro. Our room was very nice, the beach great and the service friendly. My wife became very ill during our stay there and had to be hospitilized for three days. The local clinic was full of people from this hotel. It is difficult to guess the source of problem but we suspect the buffet. Everyone we spoke to that was ill said the same thing. Obviously this coloured our stay there and we would not return, too risky to chance your vacation on.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value i travelled the 22nd-29th of november...throuh sunquest vacations..the flight was excellent, smooth and early. The tour guide on the bus was friendly and entertaining. When we arrived at the hotel we had the prior knowledge that tipping $20US will get you the room you want...the best builging is 6 but 4 and 5 are exceptable...building three is decent but buildings 1 and 2 are siding onto loud construction which is a large eye sore and headache when they begin construction at 2 am.ROOMS:The are clean and decent..nothing amazing, washrooms are moderate size but overall the rooms were acceptable.SERVICE: The service was extremely friendly but slow...which is to be expected in the carribbean..yelling at them is encouragement for them to move slower.FOOD: The food was edible but stay away from any seafood and the omelettes....many people got sick...dont over eat and bring pepto bismolA la carte is a waste of time and i opted out of it.BEACH:The highlight of the facility:)****extremely beautiful..crystal clear moderately calm water and soft talcum sand..BUT theres not enough shade!!!!!!BRING A TENT!!!!FACILITIES  ENTERTAINMENT:The pools were beautiful and very clean with lots of variety..shows were suprisingly good.ATMOSPHERE:BY FAR THE BEST..every 1 is friendly lots of funny animators and always something to do or some one to talk to.OVERALL.......i rate it a 8 out of 10..it offered great prices stunning beaches..the food, service, and rooms, were moderate but that was to be expected..make sure to bring lots of cash as the ATM's dont work any where!!!i visited the bahia briefly and liked this facility better...i would recommend it and visit it again.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time at the Grand Paradise Bavaro!!! Well, I read many reviews here and after careful review of all of them, I decided to see it all for myself. While I respect everyone's opinions, my philosophy is that you cannot always go by what other people say. There is no better substitute than experience! I was at the Grand Paradise Bavaro from 3/11-3/16, 2005 which makes this approximately 2 weeks ago. I must say that when I arrived there the staff at the reception area was very friendly and hospitable. We got our keys and towel cards right away. We also requested a lock for the safety deposit box which was rented to us immediately for $20.00 US. The price covered rental for 7 days. The bell boy took our luggage upstairs right away and as it is in our custom, we tipped him 3 dollars. Let it be known that while tipping is not necessary, it is often very appreciated as the wages for most hotel staff are not that great and most of them rely heavily on tips.The restaurants were generally good, however I would really recommend the Italian restaurant as the ambiance and general atmosphere was quite pleasant. The food was really good (try the spaghetti as well as the lasagna, you'll be glad you did!). The Asian restaurant was good, but not something to be crazy about although as mentioned for the Italian restaurant, the decor and atmosphere was really nice. La Laguna restaurant (buffet) was good and service was excellent given that the waiters were really attentive to your needs. They were also very flirtatious (all you women out there, beware of these predators! lol), but nice. I liked the fact that there were many choices and selections. For breakfast they had the typical American Breakfast and then there was the typical Dominican breakfast (for example Mangu, which consists of mashed plantains as well as fried cheese which reminds one of mozarella cheese.) The pasta bar was appetizing and also an option when you didn't feel like eating anything else. The Pana Grill served lunch and is right by the beach. I must say that out of all the four restaurants, I found this one quite disappointing as SOME STAFF not all (let's be fair) were indifferent and ignored me. I requested some napkins and a coke and was ignored. It wasn't until I signaled one of the waiters with my arm that I was taken care of. He was really nice and apologized for the inconvience. The food was well, ok for the most part. The beach was gorgeous, but the waves were rough. I've been to many beaches including Mexico and other parts of the Caribbean, and I must say these waves are wicked! lol. Don't let go of your guard no matter how much of a good swimmer you are!The pools were fabulous and pretty. What I liked was that the water wasn't cold. It was nice and warm and the area was perfect for a nice nap under the palm trees. The breeze here is great in the afternoon. I liked the drinks and I suggest that you try the Banana Mama and Coco Loco.If you want nightlife, it is worth the $12.00 US to take a cab to other clubs in other resorts. Two I recommend is Areito and Mangu. Just ask the cab driver. He'll know where to go. Just ask the reception area staff and they'll call a cab for you. I didn't go to the hotel disco because I wasn't too crazy about the music. Overall, I found the hotel and hotel grounds to be very pretty and the staff very hospitable. I did get a little sick to my stomach but it wasn't something that Pepto Bismol and Immodium AD could not relieve. You have to be careful with what you eat and use common sense and judgement. This isn't a five star hotel, you get what you paid for and that's what counts. You have to be optimistic and not let yourself get discouraged by other reviews. Everyone has different experiences. I for my part am dying to go back again!!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>son_travel2004
<Content>Great vacation for the price!       view of the pool  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the grand paradise We read a lot of reviews and were quite worried. remember you are in the domincan, so everything is on dominican time.The room was average, but very clean. we gave the maid a little gift basket and 2 bucks a day and we had excellent service.the food was ok, crepes and waffles were great. at lot of flies but that is to be expected.I got sick of people whinning about having to line up for the al acarte restruants. we waited about 20 mins at the most but it was worth it.the international was the best, the steak was awesome. Nelson the bartenter at the pool bar was great, roby they animation director was a laugh all the time and kept you entertained. service was first rate, treat them with a smile and you will get that back. pool was fantastic, beach was first rate, and the place was super clean.yes the store was expensive but so what, thats just the way it is.if you go there, remember to smile, give a good tip, 2 bucks usually does, we spent about 40 dollars in tips and got fantisitc service in return.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bewblw
<Content>A Very Relaxing Vacation Spot My fiance and I visited this resort in early March and found this was a wonderful vacation spot.Resort - This is a beautiful resort that is kept very clean. We had no complaints with the room service - there was always clean towels, bottled water and pop in our rooms. The staff are very accommodating and try to make your stay as enjoyable as possible. The rooms are comfortable and air conditioned. There are also many activities to join in so you can do as much as you want or as little as you want. Food - We ate mostly at the buffet because we preferred the convenience of being able to eat whenever you wanted. We never had a problem finding something that appealed to us. The best time to go to the buffet for dinner is when it first opens. The staff are lined up greeting their patrons with applause. They are also right there to serve you wine with your dinner. We chose not to go to any of the a la carte restaurants, mainly because we didn't want to be tied into a reservation. Many people we met did go to these restaurants and really enjoyed their meals. Beach - This is definitely a 5-star which is where we wanted to spend the majority of our time. You can walk for hours up and down this beach. The cabanas are very popular and it's best to go to the beach early if you want to get one.Shopping - We just did a little shopping at the end of our Catalina Island tour. We had heard that this wasn't a good place to go if you wanted to do any shopping. Tours - We chose to only go on one tour because we wanted to spend as much time as possible at the resort. We went on the Catalina Island tour which we would highly recommend for anyone that is interested in doing any snorkelling. The day was a little long but it was definitely worth it.This was one of the most relaxing vacations we ever had and we would definitely go back.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LindaC
<Content>Are Your Expectations Too High? I was at the Grand Paradise at the beginning of March and found the hotel to be just what we expected. A 4*. If you are going to Cuba or Dominican you should know that a 4 star here is not a 4 star in Canada. We were at Sandals in Cuba in November and other than the room (Sandals was a suite) there was not a lot of difference. We found the food basically the same at the resorts. I was happy eating omelettes and pasta and typically don't eat anything different even if I was on vacation in the US. My husband tried everything and we were never sick at all. We have visited many resorts and found the staff at this one, the best. The guy making omelettes actually was making 4 or 5 at one time, unlike some who only cook one at a time at other places. The bartender at the beach bar was quick, friendly and called out to people in the line so they could be served quicker. There is pop and lots of water provided in your room fridge and never had any trouble with towels or the room getting clean. The rooms need updating and we noticed that there was painting in one of the areas being started. We initially did not like the location of our room so they moved us the next day to a room around the pool. The front desk went out of their way to accomodate. The shows here are some of the best. I paid $860.00 plus tax so was very satisfied. If you want a low key resort, with a beautiful walking beach, a place to lay your head at night, go here.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Constantine-TA
<Content>Good value for the money We spent a week at Grand Paradise, between March 12 and 19. Generally, we had a great time. We decided to breakdown our comments by area:Check-in: Very quick, very professional. We could check into our room right away, and our luggage was delivered within 5 minutes.Room:Very attractive, though the king size beds didn't have bottom sheets that tucked in - it's amazing where sheets end up! Mini-fridge always stocked with water and soft drinks. Room was usually cleaned promptly and well.Grounds: Very well maintained, lush and clean swept. Unfortunately there's a construction site next door - new resort going up - and sometimes the noise, dust and diesel fumes were noticeable, especially at the far end of the beach.Beach:Excellent quality. Always enough available loungers and shelter umbrellas. Lots of fish to see, and warm, clear waves. Beach was clean - seaweed raked up, glasses/garbage cleared regularly. Water was sometimes a little rough though. Food:Sometimes a little bland but otherwise delicious, especially the Dominican selections. A varied selection at the buffet restaurant, and the theme evenings were interesting. A la carte restaurants are a bit of a waste of time, though the atmosphere at the Cana Grill was just wonderful. As we spent the week at the beach, lunch was usually at the snack bar - a bit of a disappointment for some food items (eg hot dogs weren't!) but quick and casual.Drinks:Bars never had too much of a lineup, and there were lots of kinds of drinks available. More drink menus would have been helpful.Excursions:We only went on one excursion - a shopping tour to Higuey. It was excellent - a tour guide is Manfred (Moppel) from Germany, who has spent over 30 years in DR. He is very knowlegable and his all-day tour was interesting and insightful. We'd recommend it, but make sure you bring shopping money. Our tour operator didn't tell us that this is a real shopping excursion - lots of stops, different goods - we should have brought more money. The tour really provided a fascinating look at life in Higuey.Swimming pool:Although we hung out for the most part at the beach, the pools were very attractive, with available chairs around. Our room overlooked the pool, and I was impressed with the constant care, clarity of the water and welcoming atmosphere around the pool.Staff:Generally very friendly, helpful and accomodating. We tend to stick just to ourselves on holiday - we're on vacation to quietly relax - and apart from the annoyingly insistant people flogging the VIP club memberships outside the buffet restaurant, staff really picked up on our 'vibe'. Communicating was easy - most staff spoke English or French (or both and more!) to an extent that we could make our requests very clear.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hello Travelers My boyfriend and I went the week of Feb 28th, we were nervous after reading all the reviews, and most were right on. The beach was great just make sure to get up early to get a good seat I am talking like 7am. Be prepared for alot of topless people on the beach. The food was bad real bad if you are picky eaters, be prepared, we went to the pasta bar every night, and had french fries for lunch and omlette for breakfest, just make sure you get it well done, they may get mad but it is better then getting sick. Do not eat any meat, alot of people were getting sick from the meat and salads. The flies are everywhere, it was kind of gross. The front desk was terrible, very rude. We did not have good luck with the housekeeping either we even tipped them 5 dollars the first morning so we would get good service, they forgot to clean our room 3 different days and we were chasing them around for fresh water and towels. Remember to bring everything from home we were foolish and forgot our camera, it cost 30 american dollars for a disposable one, can of pringles 7 bucks. I would never ever go back, I went to La Romana last year and it was worth the money, the staff was great the food was great the service was great. Grand Paradise was not worth the money, My boyfriend and I are not complainers, we did have fun but all the little things add up, when you pay hard earned money on a vacation, you expect things to be a little easier then they were. Bring sunscreen with you or you will pay around 20 dollars. Take Care I hope this helps someone out  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Traveler beware This whole expierence was terrible. My husband and I are both sick. Vomiting, loose stool, the whole nine yards. This resort is unsanitary: they re-use untensils, ketchup packets, it is just gross. It is DIRTY! DIRTY! DIRTY! DIRTY!I will not even comment on the beach, pool, rooms or service, because, believe me the best advice I can give is to pick another hotel.I read other reviews and went with a positve outlook, boy am I sorry! By the way, Liberty Travel refered this hotel: do you believe it??? GO TO MEXICO: IT WAS GREAT THERE!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>rawson4525
<Content>Grand Paradise, Great place Was very surprised, Great food, Clean rooms, Well laid out resort. We went to three of thier resturants, Seafood. Asia, Itilian. We both loved the seafood, and Itilian, My husband liked the Aisan one, I was not too bothered. The Buffert was fine, always something to eat, The salads were a little strange but I did try several things that I had not eaten before and not too bad at all. The beach was wonderful, clean, lots of chairs and shade. I found the Tours very expensive, about $75.00 US each, and you do spend a lot of bus time on them at least 6 hours . Thee local markets also very expensive and people very aggresive in selling, They do like to tell you that they are starving and you are rich, I would not go back to Punta Cana, if you are looking for that type of Holiday I would go back to Cuba, where the people are much nicer and you would feel a little safer after Dark off your resort. You would not want to do that there.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a vacation What an amazing trip. We have just returned home from our stay at the grand paradise hotel. It was BEAUTIFUL. We can't say enough good things about this resort. I must say before I left on this trip I as reading the reviews and was a little bit nervous about this location. After arrivign my worries were no more. I have travelled to other places such as mexico and hawaii so i feel my review is valid. GROUNDS The place was kept very clean, contstatly people are walking around to make sure that this is happening. This is not a huge resort, and after one day we had no problem finding our way around. There are enough drink bars to accomadate you when you want a drink. While there is no beach huts at the pool side there are plenty on the beach...just realize if you're going to sleep in until 10 am there probably wont be any availible in the best locations. There are two parts to the resort which we didn't find out until the 2nd day that we were there. You can hop on a blue trolley to visit the other side of the resort. We found that the beach front area was much better, but the other area did have a swim up bar which i would say is a must experience. FOOD The food was ok...dont get me wrong you will never go hungry here, but you have to realize that this is not food from at home...they serve yougurt warm, they cook the meat differently than I would. Saying this, overall i really liked the food. They served pasta every night in the buffet as well as having different themes each night ex. mexican, seafood, and dominican. The basics are always there (potatos, rice-which was very good, fruit, and a large assortment of bread). There was red and white wine served with dinner as well. Also between meals the in a snack bar 12pm-5pm which serves pork chops, pizza and other snack foods. There is also a sports bar which serves nachos and cheese as well as popcorn if you so choose. Both me and my girlfriend had no problems with sickness although i encourage you to start slowly and progress in trying different things. SERVICE We found that the service was excellent. There are not alot of people who speak english, so knowledge of spanish is a big advantage. There is also spanish lessons that are given during the day activities so that all the basics are understood by all. However we had no problem finding someone when a question arose. The maids took along time it seemed to clean the rooms but it doesnt matter beacause thats the last place you want to be when you're our there. The staff were extremly friendly and always were shaking hands, high fives, and smiling. For what there are getting payed this was amazing. We gave people that made our trip more enjoyable a tip and it totally made their day (only 1 or 2 dollars US). One of the guys almost started crying and gave me a huge hug. They really did appreciate this and it satisfied me as well. ENTERTAINMENT If you get involved you(and your kids) cannot get bored here. There are constat activities for all including volleyball, pool basketball, water polo etc. All ages are encouraged to join in and have fun. Everyday the winning team of the special day activity (beach games), prizes are awarded. The dive center is a place to get boogie boards and kayaks to go in the ocean with. Great idea because the waves make it very fun. At night the activities die off but there is a different show every night and it is worth checking out. We would rather go to bed early and wake up early,( the sun is already out at 6-630am), so this didnt bother us at all OUTSIDE THE RESORT MAKE SURE YOU GO THE MARKETS. This might have been our favorite part. There are two makets...one along the beach and one outside the non-beach front hotel...both are worth a look. The only problem is that the one on the beach is an hour walk so little kids might not make it. The markets are right beside (OCEAN VILLAGE RESORT) which is a $12 cab ride if need be. Have fun bargaining with these people. They will give you a price and you should only pay between 1/4-1/2 of that price. As long as you are confortable with people all trying to get your buisness at the same time you will find this interesting. If you go to the market by the hotel and go to shop number 29. Super friendly guy. We also went to the Manati Park. It was very nice but if you're planning to swim with the dolphins i would do it somewhere else. Very short time and small swimming area from what we saw, not worth the $ 70 admission. The regular day trip on the other hand was excellent very enjoyable for all ages. For one american dollar the staff will let you hold and take pictures with any of your favorite animals that are safe enough to do so. In all your trip will be what you make of it. If your there to relax you definitly have no problems and make sure to included yourself where you can. B SURE TO SAY HOLA TO EVERYONE YOU MEET! *p.s. don't be like us make sure you remember the sunscreen and the family will have no problem in the sun, also bug spray is not a bad idea as well.*  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>catamaranmountie
<Content>I will not return Tour op (Sears Canada - Air Canada Vacations) rates this a 4 star; I'd give it a 2.5, my wife says a 3 at best.It was a reasonably priced vacation so we bought it as rated; after calls to the tour operator, and the hotel itself, to confirm that it had Hobie Cats to sail. This is a neccessity when I go on vacation. We accepted the idea of a 4 star instead of 5, because we were taking our kids (grown) and thought we'd try a little lower rated hotel and try to have less expectations and just accept a relaxing spot; this is a smaller site.OUR FINDINGS:Most of the negative reviews in this site, are accurate, or contain mostly accurate assessments.The water sports (all of it) uses old, poor condition items; some of the equip looks like sharks got at it. They only have 2 Hobies to sail. They have three windsurfers. Aprox 10 Boogie boards; 4 are in good condition. They have several kayaks; 3 or 4 are singles, they have what looks like 3 worn out doubles. The singles are in reasonable shape.The Hobies have worn standing rigging, and running rigging, complete with broken strands, open braid, missing bolts, and the rudder hardware is completely worn out; you must wrestle with the tiller to keep the rudders down on the posts. (I sailed both boats that day, they are nearly identical in condition.) the sail on the white boat is in rough condition; the multi-coloured sail is a better piece; try to take that boat.You can only book one hour with a piece of equipment per day. My first Recommendation: DO NOT COME HERE IF YOU WANT TO USE WATER SPORTS. This condition is a year round condition (big surf, good breeze) and is excellent sailing ground; but this resort will not allow you to sail in good sailing conditions. They want very calm water, with little wind.By comparison, the Bahibe Principale next door, sailed every day we were there, and had enough equipment that there was always something left on the beach to use. I also inspected their equipment; it all looked new or nearly new. Very good condition.Water sports are only permitted on average 1 day out of 7. Over a three week stay (another guest) we learned that sailing was permitted only 1 day (the day we sailed). The staff at the watersport booth, will not listen to you, they say 'weather not good' and do not let you have anything. In summary (water sports) this resort lists and has equipment solely to obtain an increased star rating from the tour operators; this is a very bad part of the resort, and it will suck severely if you went there to sail (like I did). I can't stress enough; after investigating I learned this is normal; the resort does not have water sports to actually make your stay more enjoyable, they have it solely for the rating; not to be mistaken as being there for your use. They DO NOT like to let their equipment out. (To be as fair as I can, the surf and wind, are for experienced sailors; but this should be handled by the resort by advertising that the water sport equipment is for experienced sailors only; no beginners; that would warn guests who are researching a potential resort. - But then they should allow experienced sailors and kayak enthusiasts to use the equipment.)Snorkling; I recommend you bring your own gear; their trips are expensive; some of the snorkeling is good, but the area is extremely dangerous once you are away from the roped off swimming area. Do not snorkel away from the beach on your own; the resorts boat staff are extremely dangerous; this is a deadly area, they drive motor boats like mad-men. They do not use a lookout for powerboat towing (para-sailing, banana boating, tubing, etc.) and all this costs money. I saw them lose tubers and banana-ers several times, and travel down half the beach length before they would even figure out they had empty tubes or bananas behind them. They WILL kill someone down there someday; just don't get out there where they can hit you, and the victim won't be you.The rooms: Reasonably clean. Towels are scarce; you may have to ask for enough for your guests. The water is hard to get sometimes, you might have to hunt down a Maid's cart and steal it. In your fridge you may get two coke, two sprite. Not always replaced you may have to hunt this down too. The light bulbs look like 5 watts. They don't tell you on arrival that the room power only works with the room key in the time-lock. You need to get two key cards. Our kids had a key card fail every single day. We only had one fail, on one day (get replacements at the front counter).We learned our new favourite expression 'not today, maybe tomorrow' spoken with a Spanish accent. Staff do not speak English, except for key members, who speak only very limited English. Don't be too fancy, for example, don't say 'just put a little rum in my drink'. Use hand symbols and basic English 'little bit alcohol'. I heard a lot of drinkers struggling with this concept.No towel service; you HAVE to get there early, and never turn it in untill you have another in your hand. (that's beach towels) You won't get face cloths. You will have to pester the maid in order to get two hand towels. You will probably get two bath towels in the bathroom. This service is not consistent; we had friends who had better service (enough towels everyday, extra toilet paper, swans, etc.) Some of the maids smile and say Ola; some don't even blink at you. We all tipped a couple dollars, every day, plus gifts on the pillow. Tips did not seem to affect the service quality one way or another. for example, our kids couldn't even get their glasses changed consistently from day to day.The basic cleaning is fairly competent; beds are cleaned, floor etc. Don't expect the ceiling to be clean, or your lampshades, the A/C vents etc. They will have stains, cobwebs and dust. Door fitments are poor, carpentry skills are apparently absent etc. They fill gaps with caulking.The (lack of) service basically, is the largest drawback to this hotel. Our stay was not horrible, we had decent time, but we will never return. A last comment about the ala carte restaurants. You must book at 9 am on a given morning, they recommend you book your restaurants for the whole week; you do this at the reservation desk in the Bar and Grill. I strongly recommend that you do not go to these. they only allow about 40% bookings; they won't accept walk ins, and only a couple tables are allowed to book per sitting (based on every half hour). The menus at each of these, are limited to the extreme. (one page per restaurant - one appetizer, a couple entree's, and very limited deserts.) If you go, do not expect to get what you want. At the Chinese one, we asked for an extra eggroll, (1 inch around, by 2 inch long; very small). Each guest is only allowed one as an appetizer. The head waiter got very mad at our waiter when he tried to apologize, and bring the kids a couple chicken-on-a-stick appetizers, in place of the egg roll request. You are only supposed to get one -chicken on a stick ka-bob- per guest. The main dishes were not good.Don't order hamburger at the grill. Don't order fish anywhere unless you brought strong anti-biotics (we did, and at the first urgent visit to the throne room, we took it; this handled the sickness quite well).Another bad example; with a hamburger (our first day) we tried to get some ketchup. It was 5 minutes before closing; we were told 'sorry; maybe tomorrow'. For eating, we strongly recommend you stick to the Buffet; good variety, not great but good. You should find something to eat every day. This might get old though, if you stay more than a week. The deserts are very good. There isn't a tender steak to be had on the property; their best is still tough (but tasty). The veggies were very good.The grounds are nicely kept; we thought the pool (cool on first immersion) was very clean; but there is no shade; do not go there until the sun starts to go down or you will burn badly (we went around 4 pm each day).Get to the beach early; get your seats reserved under a hut, or you will burn badly.Do not go out in the sun if you have to take any sun-sensitive medication (for the craps etc.); this might hurt you; the sun is wonderfully powerful; but very dangerous. Pay heed to the medications' warnings. Wear lots of sun block; you will still tan.We travel extensively; some places we recommend; this one we do not. If you go, be prepared for poor service, even by Caribean standards; the service is the worst part; but if the price is right for you, and you are looking for a nice spot to sit for a week and watch the surf; this might be your spot; just don't go with expectations of a 4 star resort.The site itself is beautiful; the beaches, sand, sun, great surf for body surfing etc., ocean water is wonderful. It is however, a bit cooler than places like Huatulco, Mexico. The hotel says that the water is 27 degrees C.I hope you find this helpful.Our recommendations for a better vacation resort on this scale: the Gala, in Huatulco Mexico; similar size, great service, awesome food, fantastic staff, amazing ocean, great sailing; it just has hard beds, take a foam topper with you (you can leave it after you unpack). (Also, Huatulco has Pacific Blue water; not the georgeous aqua of the Caribbean.)An alternative for superlative service (5Star++) vacation, if you want to try something else, would be a Royal Caribbean Cruise; take only their largest boat (Voyager of the Seas or a sister ship); and choose an 8 or 9 day trip. Don't pick one with lots of stops, stay on the ship and experience the cruise itself; those multi-stop cruises can be a little rushed.Our recommendation for a Punta Cana vacation resort that IS a 5 star: The Bahibe Principale, next door to this resort. We don't recommend experiencing the locale; it is oppressively poor. If you want to go on a humanitarian adventure here (the Dominican Republic), don't stay at a resort, join the Peace Corps.prh  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>eryn1010
<Content>Beautiful Resort, would definitely return! So I would like to start by saying I was kind of scared when I read everyones reviews. After staying at Grand Paradise Bavaro from March 6th-13th 2005 I discovered that there was nothing to worry about! Personally I think many people go in to their vacations expecting a 5 plus star hotel  service that they would find at home and this is just not the case in other countries. If you start out with a good attitude and relax a little bit you will find that the little things really aren't that big of a deal! Lobby/Rooms  grounds-Very nice lobby area.Grounds are kept clean, well lit at night.Rooms are cleaned very well daily. Mini bar is also restocked daily.The rooms are in good condition.Balcony or terrace in each room, view is great even if it is not beach view.StaffI found that a smile and even a small attempt at spanish gets you a long way! They really appreciate a smiling face and they will try to get over the language barrier just as long as you make an attempt as well (Although many of them speak up to 5 languages). Tips are not expected but they are appreciated. Very friendly!BeachBEAUTIFUL! The water can get a little wavy at times but the tourquois waters, white sand  palm trees are absolutely amazing! Also even the rooms farthest from the beach are just steps away. If you have a large party you may want to get to the beach early to get a spot....otherwise you will have no problems finding a seat...although one with shade is hard to come by.Food  DrinksThere is a large selection of foods at the buffet(Again as long as you aren't expecting out of this world food you will do fine, you have to keep in mind the food is just different in other countries). There is also 4 a la carte restaurants. I recomend the italian and the grill. The favourite drink seemed to be the bananna-mama...a frozen bananna strawberrry like rum drink....very good!EntertainmentThe shows in the theatre every night were entertaining. One night there was even a flame throwing type dance show...by far the best of the week! There is also a piano bar as well as a disco or you can sit down on the patio by the beach with a drink. During the day there are tonnes of tours to suit everyones needs as well as water sports offered at the hotel. If you are interested in seeing historical sites, shopping  seeing how dominicans live I suggest the all day tour to Santo Domingo, D.R's capitol. Its a long day (aprox. 6am to 10 pm) but well worth it!OtherQuick and easy check in  check out (our room was ready when we arrived at 1pm)Market held outside on friday nights (Make sure you barter, never pay more than half the asking price)Access to internetNever had any problems with getting clean towels for the room or beach.Athough the halls did echo in the hotel I did not hear the disco music late at night once and I was the closest building to it! (This was a common complaint I read about)Overall I was very impressed with this resort. It is mostly a family resort and great for anyone who just wants to relax! The price is very fair for what you get...if you are expecting perfection I suggest you pay double the price and book a 5 plus star resort. I would give GPB 4 out of 5. There are little glitches in every vacation but if you go in to it with a positive attitude then the little things are far less likely to ruin your trip. It is not the end of the world if you have to ask for a t.v. converter at the front desk, and if you ask nicely and put a smile on your face you will have no problems getting a second room key! You have to keep in mind that the way you treat the staff will definitely affect how they treat you in return.Feel free to e mail me with any questions  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't go if you have a weak stomach! Here is the deal...the beach is pretty but not any better than any other oceanic resort. The hotel staff is very friendly if you are nice to them. It actually made us feel bad for not enjoying anything to eat. There were flys on everything, I repeat EVERYTHING! I am not a picky eater and by the third day I had to practically live on pringles and coca-cola from the room (which we brought). The restaraunts have a nice resort feeling, but it dosen't make up for the nauseating food. Oh and by the way, the 84$ Saona excursion is really 3 hrs on a bumpy bus b/f you only spend 2 hrs on the actual island and another 2 hrs back to the hotels. It is very pretty though, and acutally worth it for one nice thing to do the entire trip. I would not ever go back or tell anyone to go....ever!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>wwanda
<Content>Could not promote this hotel After reading mixed reviews about this resort, we went on vacation with intent on having a good time regardless! Unfortunately the hotel started us off on negative notes. Firstly on the bus to the resort, we were told by the rep that when in the Dominican, you are expected to tip,and tip very well! Next, our orientation meeting was scheduled on the rep's prior week's schedule, therefore we all missed the meeting. This caused no availability at the A La Carte restaurants which claimed full bookings until 9 PM on the evening of departure. We checked out these restaurants nightly to find minimal diners! The maid service was poor when we did get any. The food was marginal- many guests become ill. Our toilet would not flush without daily maintenance by ourselves. Customer service was very poor in this respect. The main desk staff appeared not to care! We felt we had beenrespectful and tolerant. I am well aware you get more with honey than vinegar but nothing worked here - believe me! This resort should be rated no more than a 3 when we expected a 4 - 4.5 as advertised. We have travelled many places, always on 4 - 4.5 ratings and never have we ran into such a poorly ran resort. Sorry Cuba, we missed you this year!!!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Luck ..... Don't waste your time with this resort. The Club side is still under construction. Grand side is in desperate need of construction. Lets not forget construction next door. Let me sum it up for you. Pack a tent few pair of shorts, some malaria pills and about $1000 US, don't forget to bring your cell it works and you'll probably need it to call your tour operator to change your ---- to a new resort. We're not bitter ...... DISAPPOINTEDSuggestion if you still have a choice pay the extra $500 OR $600 and book at a real resort LIKE Palladium Grand OR Fiesta Palace...... LOVED IT.Two weeks in Puta Cana 3 resorts, 6 rooms no thanks to CLUB GRAND PARADISE BAVARO. If you require more info OR pictures email us.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice beach/Terrible service We arrived at this resort Feb 4-18 with a group of 12 ppl for my wedding which was on Feb 9th.Check in- two words for that- a disaster. They offered us rooms in building 5 which were not cleaned and very dirty and smelled bad. After two hours they gave us rooms in building 3 which were ok.Food- very repetative and bland, not much selection at all. Make sure you bring snacks you will be thankful. The a-la carte restaurants were not that great except the one at the Club Paradise which was excellent. We went there twice and then they wouldnt let us go back.Beach- very beautiful but rough waves.Entertainment- amazing and dancers were very friendly.Pool- cool at first until you got in could have been cleaner though.Wedding turned out really nice except we didnt get an upgrade of room and we didnt get flowers and champagne in our rooms as promised in our package. Our pictures turned out really nice.Overall service- dont expect anything to get done if you ask for something because your on ''Dominican Time'' where 5 min= 3 hours for them.I would never visit this resort again and probably would not visit the dominican again.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will never return I have travelled to many, many resorts, some of which are also in the Dominican Republic, but have never been met with such disappointment as this. It starts with entering the property, you'd expect the driveway to the hotel to have gardens and flowers, for a first impression...there was very little of this. The rooms are okay, the beach is very nice. But it is the service if you need anything that really is terrible. We booked our trip in October, requesting 2 adjoining rooms one with 2 beds for the children, and one with one bed for us. We were called the week before we left to be informed that the hotel we booked at was not done yet, and we were being switched to the sister property, no problem - we were fine with that, we confirmed again at that time that the rooms needd to be adjoining, we were told yes, they had that request from our initial reservation and would honor it. Upon arrival, we were told that they knew nothing of this and we had to be in seperate buildings from the kid's. After a long conversation where we insisted that we needed to be atleast in the same building, they agreed to do this. During the week the shower stopped working in one of the rooms, we called and visited the front desk no less then 10 times, to ask when they would fix this - we were met with annoyance that we were so persistant. The front desk staff were terrible to deal with, each time we called they told us '15 minutes' this went in for 2 days. If we had not travelled in a group and had another room to go to to shower - this would have been terrible. Overall, I was extrememly disappointed in this place. My suggestion would be if you have never travelled before - you will be fine as the weather and beach is so nice in the DR it will be fine. But if you have travelled at all, and have anything to compare it to, you are going to be disappointed guaranteed. Do yourself a favor and switch to the Grand Flamenco Bavaro - I have stayed there before and it is much better. Lesson learned for me to want to try somewhere different - never again, or atleast NEVER AGAIN at any of the properties in this chain.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2005
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Make sure you know what you want My partner and I were there from 2/12/05 - 2/19/05. Weather was nice, a bit cloudy and about high 20's celcius. It was very breezy though. Not enough to blow sand in your face, but if you want calm weather, this time of year is not for you. However, it is the caribbean and it is an island. Pool is nice, beach is awesome. Water is warm and there is just enough surf for some good fun body surfing, sea kyaking or boogie boarding.Didn't do any trips as we found them all really expensive. Off the resort is a bit sketchy. We were told it was safe, but I wouldn't want to be out there a night. The Paradise Club (smaller sister resort) is a nice place to go for a quiet afternoon. Nice pool there (with swim up bar) and a nice walk there and back from the main resort (or take the tram).Hotel was average. Set up is nice multiple low rise buildings. Our original room was ground floor and we felt like we didn't have much privacy so we asked to be moved. They were accommodating, but not enthusiastic about the request. Rooms were nice, water pressure ok, and hot water ok. Beds were not too bad, but you'll feel your partner roll around. Due to the open hallways and ceramic floors, noise (doors closing) was an issue. No sleeping in past 7:30 or 8am or afternoon naps (even with earplugs) unless of course you're a deep sleeper (I'm not).Food was bland enough that everyone would like it. It did get tiresome after awhile though. The buffets did get busy at times and finding a place to sit was not always possible. A la Carte restaurants are better. In order I would rank them La Carna (grilled steak and seafood), Italian, Chinese).Entertainment at night was great. We never went to the disco but we heard it was fun.My partner and I are gay, and although we had no issues with anyone (guests or staff), we were definitely in the minority. Lots of Canadians and Europeans during our stay so they were likely more accepting anyway.Overall we had a really nice relaxing time. The Dominicans have a really great, friendly spirit.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good thing we brought snacks from home! My husband and I just got back from the DR. Our stay at the Grand Paradise Bavaro was okay. Just for the record, when you arrive on the 1st day, you are bound to the buffet. The other 3 restaurants you have to wait in a long line for between 9am-11am the next day and make a reservation. You are only allowed to eat at these 3 restaurants 1 time only. Then you are stuck to the gross buffet and not to mention rude people. We are not big fans of buffets, so seeing people barefoot, coughing all over the food and picking at the buffet with their hands was enough to gross me out! Pack some snacks from home, you will need them. Also their frozen drinks are not froze, I don't know what the heck they are putting into the blender but it does not come out like a frozen beverage. As far as getting a seat by the pol, make sure you place a towel, book or something on the seat around 7am or earlier because people are nasty about the seats! Oh yes, our bed ruffle on the bed looked like it had bleach stains all over it. I just felt very dirty and it did not feel like they thouroghly cleaned our room. Weather was great. I would say choose another hotel and spend a little more for a better experience. Please feel free to email me with any questions.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beach...Definately! Service...No Way! We returned yesterday from our 7 day vacation at the Grand Paradise. Here is an overview...CHECK IN: Check in was very smooth. At first, they could not find our reservation, but within a matter of just a couple of minutes, they had us on our way. They will NOT give you a second key for your room. We got around that by talking to our representative, and he got us one. The safe is $20 US for the week. Yes, I was an idiot and lost the key on the beach and we did have to pay an additional $50 for another one.ROOM: Our room was pool side, building 6 second level. There are no elevators for those of you who may need one. Our room was very large, but only had 3 drawers to put our clothes and whatnot. They do not tell you at the front desk that when you come into your room, that you need to put your key into a little slot to turn the electricity on. (Probably the reason you are not allowed two keys). This has to be done every time you come into your room. I agree with the other people, bring at least a 75 watt light bulb, as the ones in the rooms are very dim! We had hot water with a ton of water pressure...no issues there. The housekeeping staff speak very little English, but were very polite. (they were about the only employees who were polite!) Yes, sometimes it took a while to get your room cleaned and new towels, but that was ok with us.BEACH: Very beautiful. The staff was always cleaning the beach...garbage washed up, seaweed, empty cups, etc. Although it says you cannot reserve chairs, everyone does, so if you go down between 8 and 10, you will have no problem getting a chair. It was extremely windy every day (it is on the Atlantic side don't forget), but we made the most of it by boogie boarding and just bobbing in the waves. RESTURANTS: Ok, here is why I gave this place only 2 stars. First, you MUST get reservations for the Chinese, Italian, and LaCana grill between 9 and 11 each morning. You can make reservations for all three for as many nights as you would like. Don't accept we are full for an answer. Not once!!!! were any of the three full. Not even close. If they do say they are full, get a manager from the lobby area. If you do not have a reservation, they will NOT let you in, even if they are almost completely empty. We had serious issues with the manager in the LaCana grill. Our friends came in to late to get reservations. Since it was empty, I politely asked him to allow our friends to eat with us. He explained that they were full, and it could not be done. By the time we were done eating, there were only 3 tables being used. I asked him why he lied, and an arguement broke out. I started to walk away, and the man actually grabbed my arm and told me to look at him. A report was filed. Point of this: MAKE SURE YOU HAVE RESERVATIONS!FOOD: The food is only ok at any of the places. There is nothing but fish, chicken and pork chops every night. Do not eat the hot dogs, they are raw and cold! The ice cream down there tastes like turpintine! Bring snacks!STAFF: For the most part...rude. It is almost like they figure they have you there, and your money, so oh well. The resort had only 10% American guests and I spoke with a number of them who complained that they felt that the staff was very rude.Will I go to this resort again? No. Will I go to the Dominican again? Probably not. If you have any questions, feel free to e-mail me.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sierra
<Content>The club grand paradise bavaro I stayed at the Club Grand Paradise for the first week of February,, This was my third trip to Punta Cana. I previously stayed at the Bavaro Beach and at Superclubs Breezes,, as well I've been to Mexico 3 times,, all of which have been all inclusive.I always make the best of everything, and have enjoyed every resort I have stayed at,, I really liked the club,, It is a small resort ,,behind the grand, It has it's own pools jacuzzi swim up bar, and restaurant, all of which were fantastic.You need to take a small ride in order to get to the beach and all the facilities at the grand ,, a small train or golf cart takes you every 5 minutes 24 hours,, it is only a minute or two at most, Some may complain it is too far from entertainment etc,, but the one great thing I loved, was the quiet at this resort,, if you wanted to take a nap in the afternoon you could because there was no aerobics, dance lessons,, etc going on near your room so it was always quiet, if you wanted to see nightly entertainment and you felt like being loud you could,, with a small ride,, or you could stick around the club,, which was very quiet and relaxing,, Our room was great, it was all marble, had a balcony, a big jacuzzi tub in the middle of the room and a glass shower seperate from the tub, Everything was new, the mattresses etc, beds were great,, shower pressure was great,, there was satellite with about 50 channels, and this wasn't a suite, There were 4 of us travelling, 2 adults 2 children aged 11 and 12, the kids had a great time,, and enjoyed everything.Of course the beach was amazing,, as always, waves were great, I only ate at the buffet once, every other day we ate a la carte, if you are staying at the club, you can go the restaurant at the club in the morning between 9 and 11 am, to make reservations for all the restaurants at the grand, for supper.. you should go right at 9 to do this.Everyone was very friendly, we went on the bavaro runners excursion which was great, It was very educational and fun the kids loved it.There was a kids club,, more geared for younger children, but ours had fun,, doing tennis lessons, sandcastles, ping pong, scuba lessons in the pool, bonfire on the beach etc, There is lots to say about this place,, overall I enjoyed it alot, yeah it was a pain sometimes to be so far from the beach, but at the same time I loved the quiet at the club, so I quess I'm looking at the positive aspects, If you get to the buffet early 8 or so,, there is always a vat of bacon for breakfast,,,, which was great, Food was good, no-one got sick, Everything was really clean,, especially the pools, There's so much to say,, but I would be here forever, go with an open mind and a positive attitude, and I'm sure you will love it. If you have any questions, you can email me at shaunamo@rogers.com.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful beach, nasty food, pre-mixed drinks My husband and I stayed at the grand Paradise Bavaro January 28th-February 4th. Check In: pretty quick even though I requested a king bed and had booked three months prior I still got two doubles. I asked to switch but was told to come back the next day. Next day they couldn't find one for us but I happen to run into a couple of ladies who requested two doubles and got a king, so we just switched rooms. No problem.. Room: Not bad. Had a nice view of the Ocean. No coffee maker in the room. I brought my own and left it for the maid . Good thing cause on the last day she broke the pot. Food: Buffet was o.k. had stomach cramps a couple of times after eating there. The juice was horrible coffee was o.k. if they would have some decent milk but all they had was a hot milk dispenser. The food at the buffet was always a little on the cool side. Omelets were decent. We ate at all 3 other restaurnats and found that the Asian was the best. However, in order to get reservations you had to wait in line every morning for at least 1 and 1/2 hours. They need a better system for booking reservations. There were some days we couldn't get anything until after 9:30 and somedays nothing . You had to line up at 8:00 to be guarenteed a spot. There was always a huge lineup. Drinks: The beer was o.k. The drinks were pre-mixed. Pina coloda's Banana Mama's they would just add booze. They were really sweet and not very potent. I didn't ask for any special mixed drinks because the English is very poor and I didn't want to have to explain over and over what I wanted and there was always a crowd there. Bring a thermal mug with you it comes in very handy for your coffee or beer. House wine was horrible. If your a wine drinker, bring your own they charge $20.00 american for a decent bottle. Beach: Beautiful!! . Lots of palm trees and plenty of chairs. Lots of Waves since your on the Atlantic side. There are topless sunbathers be prepared. You get used to it after a while. Bring a Sweater you'll need it. Tends to be cool at night. esp after spending all day in the sun. You can walk for miles. There is a flea market to your right about 10 minutes. They do bother you but it's a lot cheaper then the hotel gift shop for your soveigners. Pool: Nice and very clean but water was always too cold for me so I didn't go in. My husband did and said it was very refreshing. Every one reserves the chairs by the pool and on the beach early so you have to do the same thing. Room: was o.k. no remote for t.v. didn't bother asking for one. Maid service was o.k. but didn't do our room until 4:00 everyday. No big deal. Tours: We did the sanoea Island tour. It was nice but a very long day. You leave the resort at 7:00 and don't return until 7:30. I didn't think it was worth the money which was $84.00 american per person. We did the horseback riding which is offered free from the resort. I thought it was great and Highly recommend it. They take nice pictures of you on the horses. Overall the resort is not bad but I wouldn't go back . My tour operater rated this resort as a 41/2 star. My rating is a 3 and thats pushing it. The Bahia is to the right of this resort and it looked really nice but very large. I talked to a few people staying there and they said it was wonderful. The Breeezes is to the left. It looked pretty nice but I had heard that the entire resort was sick when we were there. Have a good trip!!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A year later  My boyfriend and I vacationed here Feb 8th -15th 2004. About 1 year to the day! We still think about it and the wonderful time we had! The shows every night were amazing. The food was pretty good. The service was very friendly and fast! We really had a great time. The water was beautiful! We were very relaxed! I would definitely recommend it to my friends!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>PVbride
<Content>The DR- "The Don't Return" We traveled to the DR from 2/7 thru 2/14. The weather was great - sunny and warm almost everyday. The beach was beautiful. Nice sand, water and plently of gorgeous palms.Now about the resort...It was smack-dab in the middle of nowhere (or so it seemed). If you are looking for a vacation spot and just want to sit in a lawn chair for 7 days then this is the place to come. If you are adventursome, then this place is not for you!!! By the 2nd day we were completely bored. We had walked the beach in both directions for a good 4 miles. There was only 1 resort to the left of the hotel and then endless beach of nothing but beach and garbage. To the right of the resort was all-inclusives after all-inclusives. This is a problem when the resorts food and drinks are HORRIBLE. We did find one seafood restaurant in the whole area, Captain Cooks, which was a $15 cab ride away. We loved the place but they tried to screw us over big time- the bill came to 2+ times more then we were told. So needless to say, we were once again back at the resort eating bread and white rice (the only edible, safe thing to eat) for the next 5 days. Drinks at all-inclusives in Mexico are way better than this. You were given very little ice, they had no slush drink, only 1 beer option, and the wine- we are not even going to go there.The rooms though were clean. They cleaned them every day and did a nice job. Most of the employees spoke little English so it was often hard to communicate. Excursions- talk about SCUBA diving for 2 people at $400. Normally $120! Big time rip off!! We wanted to see where the whales breed- another $300 trip. This is a 3rd world country and roads and transportation prove it. Again, if you want to do anything other than sit on a lawn chair all week then this is not the place for you. One other note, if you want some snacks you better bring your own or plan to spend $7 on a bag of doritios and $2 for a snickers!Travel here at your own risk. I wish we would have known these things or we won't have gone.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Lowdown A few quick notes to make sure you have a great time:  - Remember what you paid for your trip (i.e. don't think it will be 5-star) - buy sunscreen before you get there - beach is GREAT, good waves, white sand, paradise day  night - the flea market has some interesting stuff, but bargain hard - take a few excursions, the guides are always great, and drinks are always free. We swam with sharks/rays, definitely well worth it. - if you like cigars, go to the cigar museum, it is very small but the staff are very knowledgeable, and they will give you a better deal if you're friendly. Try the mamajuana. ; ) - get a towel and beach chair early - we found the food better in the buffets than in the restaurants (although the restaurants are a little more private) - participate in the events, the staff work really hard to get people away from the bar and their chairs, and they're always fun - check-out the evening entertainment, surprisingly good - DO NOT make long distance calls from the hotel (about CAD 50/call, we found out after we got the visa bill) - DO NOT let the airline charge you for overweight luggage when leaving Punta Cana, this appears to be a common scam. We were very surprised that our luggage was overweight b/c we were way under the limits coming down and hadn't purchased many things while there. We started to unpack our luggage to lighten the load and then decided to weigh our bags on another scale that was empty. We were shocked to see that we were still a couple kilos under the limit. We showed the airline and they let us go ahead, once in the terminal we found that many people had fallen for the scam. It's too bad b/c it is one of the last things people will remember about this otherwise beautiful place.  Overall, I had a great time and would go back again. Although next time I will probably spend more money and upgrade to a 5-star resort, but it has nothing to do with this one. For the price I couldn't have asked for more.   P.S. please tip the staff for me b/c I should have done it more  
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You get what you pay for....good value for the price       Resort from our room  
<Date>Feb 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I loved it...can't wait to go back next year with kids!! We went from 1/21-1/24/05 - Flight was delayed due to the snow strom....GREAT WEEKEND WE CHOSE!!!!Well my husband and I just chose a place for a getaway for 4 days and 3 nights not knowing what to expect for EST. $1300 for both. I traveled with APPLE/PRIETO Tours I thought it was the best way to go. It included the plane fare, stay, all inclusive and transfers. I really enjoyed it....We would love to go back.......The beach and the sceneary was great!!!!...The food was great, the service was great too. The only down side was being a little pressured to buy a timeshare...you are put on the spot...if you are not intered just say NO!!...Everything else was absolutely Great!!...It is also a family place there's a lot to do...definately would love to back next winter with my kids....KR  
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Canuckgirl
<Content>Great time for the whole family!!!       The Big pool, also 5 ft deep everywhere  
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>elvis1s
<Content>Simply wonderful. My wife and I stayed at the Grand paradise Jan 10 to the 15 2005. This was my 4th trip to the Dominican Republic, first to Punta Cana. We were impressed that this 3 STAR resort was so nice. The staff was very nice, front desk, maids, bell boys everybody. Clean and nice rooms. Wonderful beach and pool (also very clean). Food was average to slightly above average, but there was plenty of it. I do not understand why some of the other reviews were negative. The D.R. is a third world country and it sounds like a lot people forget that. Punta Cana is absolutely beautiful. I travel a lot and the Dominicanéˆ¥æªš are some of the nicest people I have ever met!! We will be returning to the Grand Paradise next year. THIS RESORT IS WELL WORTH THE PRICE.P.S. If you do visit the grand Paradise I highly recommend the four wheel quad tour. 5 stars.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Want to go back!! We had kinda a rocky start getting into the hotel but it all got better from there! We were taken to a few different hotels before we finally got to the right one. My family stayed at the Grand Paradise for a week and The Club Grand Paradise for a week, which if you don't know is a sister resort to the grand Paradise. And it says in the book that you can use both places. Well we had a little bit of trouble getting into the resaurants at the Club Grand Paradise but finally they let us in after a little bit of fighting with them but make a reservation just to be sure your getting in. We didn't bring as much jeans and dress clothes as we needed but we made it through the whole 2 weeks. The Italian and Chinese Restarant we didn't even try to get into because you would have to wait there for a few hours to get in at 9 p.m. so we jsut mainly spent our time at teh buffet and at the a la carte restarant and La Cana Grill.  We went on a four-wheeling tour which was really fun, except sometimes people are getting it for different prices. But it was extremely fun. Little kids are trying to sell things to you on teh beach and it is kinda sad to see all those people that don't really have nothing.  The beach was so enjoyable i didn't wnat to leave it and it was nice to have computers to contact people at home and it only cost $10 for a hour of internet time even though one computer is faster than the other. So sometimes you have to wait a little bit.  I would most definatley want to go back there, it was kinda upsetting on the last day there but the rest of my family was ready to go home. But coming home and seeing snow on the ground changed there mind a little bit. The service is not the greatest but if you leave them a tip it is much better.  The shops that are ten minutes from the resort are very interesting i was getting sick of hearing cheapy cheapy My advice is to only go once and get all your shopping done at once. There is really the same thing at every shop and they aer trying to sell stuff to you for $100. My famiy went to a shop off of the resort and it wasn't really worth it because it is the same thing at each shop and my dad found a cup that was used it was really gross. But that was off the resort.  It was fun to get to know the bartenders and the waiters there because we were there for 2 weeks and you get to know them after a while and they are really fun. But i definatley recomend this place but that is my tastes i'm not really a picky person and i really enjoyed myself!!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stocktonnj
<Content>Great beach, good service, decent food December 27th to Jan 3rdI would like to start off by saying that I am an experienced traveler, I almost always go all-inclusive and have been all over the Caribbean (St. Thomas, St. Maarten, Port Lucaya-Bahama, Grand Cayman, Riviera Maya, Cozumel and Jamaica). I do not go for the cheapest fares nor do I automatically choose the most expensive option. I browse sites like this and learn a great deal. But after just getting back from the Grand Bavaro from Dec 27th to Dec 31st, there are some misconceptions about this resort that need to be addressed. This is going to be long and detailed but I think that it will be of great use.Check-In(A)The front desk was more than courteous and the manager was friendly and helpful even though I asked for a room change and needed special assistance. When I did have a problem later on in the week with the Chinese restaurant (my only real complaint) he took care of it immediately and to my complete satisfaction. His name was Ruben, the entire front desk staff was efficient and courteous, I have had a much more difficult time in many US hotels of supposedly higher stars.Room/Housekeeping (A)I was originally assigned Room 41 something but asked at the front desk to moved to building six based on recomnedations from people on this site, they did so and I was assigned Room 6130, steps from the beach and pool. The room was big enough although the bathrooms were a little cramped. The room was clean, the fridge stocked and we always had clean towels. I donéˆ¥æª› know if those who complained were just mistaken or were just badmouthing just to complain about something. We needed two beds (one for our daughter) but the room we were changed to only had a king size bed, which is not the hoteléˆ¥æªš fault, the original room had two beds, but one call to housekeeping and they arrived promptly with a rollaway crib. This again was my fault, my Spansih being a little rusty, I referred to our 5 year old as éˆ¥æ¸˜inaéˆ¥? or baby, so they ran and got a normal rollaway, this was brought in and made up quickly, we asked for and received extra pillows. My wife accidentally left out her purse one day but when we returned nothing was missing. The maid was tipped a few dollars each day.Food (C+)To those of you who complained about the food, you do have some good points. The food is of buffet quality, slightly substandard of a cruiseship variety but not bad. One lady said that you eat the same food for breakfast lunch and dinner, not exactly true. Yes you may have potatoes at every meal that day but they are prepared differently and NO they are not the same actual potatoes, the food goes much too quickly, nothing sits out too long. And having worked as a server in the US I can tell you that this is standard. 90% of the food you eat in your typical Franchise Casual Dining is made two to three days ahead of time and microwaved to order. I did have a problem with the Chinese restaurant, we were told to be there at 6:20, we were second in line at 6:10, but the manager told us that everything was booked until 8. How could that be we asked? He said that he opened the doors a little early, but there is no way 40 people lined up and signed in before we arrived at 6:10, frustrated I went to the front desk where Ruben took care of everything. We eventually ate at La Cana that night where the service was friendly and the food good. Overall I would rate the food fair to good compared to other all inclusives. By the way I never got sick, which is odd considering I almost always (despite my best precautions it usually happens on an excursion) get Montezumaéˆ¥æªš revenge. I have a weak stomach but never got ill.Beach (A+)Beautiful!! To those who complained about the lack of chairs, you were exaggerating a bit werenéˆ¥æª› you? There are 30 to 40 thatched roof umbrellas, you could not fit anymore because of the tide coming up and not everyone wants to hide from the sun on vacation.The waves were big, but not overpowering, about the same size as the Jersey shore, maybe slightly bigger and times, great sand, soft and never hot, great view and nice blue water. Best feature of the resort.Pools (B)Clean, cool and nicely landscaped, not the best but certainly not the worst. The animacion staff was eager to get you involved but never rude, they have seen so many tourists say no at first but then after a little coaxing really let loose and have agreat time, everyone who participated seemed to have a great time. More pool chairs are needed and the staff should police the éˆ¥æ¸Ÿaving chairéˆ¥?rule. You know no one is using the chair when there is nothing on it but a towel, there are 10 people in the pool but 50 empty saved chairs.Kids Club (B)The staff was friendly and sought out kids to come and play instead of waiting for them to come, lots of fun games outside, but I was unimpressed by the actual club, seemed dreary and a little out of date. My little girl chose to spend most of her time with us.Manati Park (B-)They try for the most part but after being to Xcaret park in Mexico, there was no comparison. The dolphin swim is 70 dollars for only eight minutes you decide if its worth it. We went to the park the one day it rained, so it was not a day completely ruined, the iguana pit was the best feature. This was our only excursion.Spa (B+)My wife got a great massage for a great price. The atmosphere was not great but good. Overall (A-)This is a four star resort by any island standard, small enough to avoid crowds and long waits, but big enough to provide all the amenties you need. I loved the beach and pools, the service was good if not spectular, your average restaurant service in the US, grounds were nice with everything within easy walking distance. All in all it is a VACATION people, relax, unwind and stop nitpicking. There are no major flaws and the little ones you are likely to find at any resort. I wouldnéˆ¥æª› hesitate to recommend this resort if you plan on traveling to DR, if your destination is undetermined you may want to spend the same amount and go to Riviera Maya, but if you love the beach you should give this place a try.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time, but what about the malaria??? My travel agent, Liberty Travel in NYC, did not tell me that the US CDC and the Canadian health authority had both issued travel alerts for the Punta Cana region. Most of the people I met at the resort were taking anti-malarial medications and also using mosquito repellent. I was not, because nobody had warned me.With that caveat, I will say that I had a wonderful time at this resort. I was a lone female, and it was hard to connect with all the family-types, but I did manage to find some interesting people to talk to. The main things--other than the wonderful, friendly staff and entertainment troupe--that I loved were, of course, the sunshine and the warm tropical trade winds.The ocean was too rough to swim in. The pool was chilly until you were in it. But the warmth of the staff and the sunshine made up for this.They put on a fantastic New Year's Eve show, and the buffet restaurant pulled out all stops. I have never seen a feast quite like it. And afterwards, they had a live merengue band on the beach, and I got to dance with lots of cute guys.My room, I am glad to say, was in a quiet part of the resort. The woman who cleaned it--Marta--was a joy and a pleasure to work with.If someone handed me a ticket, I would go back in a minute. With my anti-malarial medications, of course!!If you go, look for Alexi at the pool and his brother Victor. They will greet and entertain you and make you feel like you have come to your new Caribbean home. Also, Michael of the entertainment troupe was very lovely and helpful to me, and a wonderful dancer if you can find him at the disco. (I had trouble staying up that late.)  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Beach, Bad Food, Drinks  The hotel grounds, especially pool area and the beach front are very nice. But that's where it ends. Management has not taken the time to train their personnel in the art of customer service. The food is very poor and frequently depleted at the buffet. If you, like I, expect good food when vacationing, write this place off. Casseroles and unidentifiable stews are very plentiful at the buffet. The Asian restaurant fails miserably to reproduce tasty Chinese food. Also, name brand liquors and beers are non-existent, even if you want to pay for them, and you'll wait on line for just about every drink you get. The restauraunts intentionally limit their reservations to about 50% of capacity every night thereby forcing most to settle for the buffet (a cheaper alternative for the hotel). We witnessed customers arguing with restaurant personnel nearly every night as they were turned away with numerous tables empty.Had trouble cashing Amex traveleres checks in U.S. dollars and evertually went to a competing Casino to accomplish that. Tried for one week to have diet cokes stocked in my refrig to no avail. Tipping is useless. Had trouble gettin towels in our room. On one occasion had to go to the front desk to get more than one towel (4 of us in the room). Staff does not understand the concept of service and I occasionally detected some sarcasm in their response to our requests. If you've never been to the Carribean, you may be able to overlook the food, poor service and apparent disregard for their guests' needs. But if you have travelled, stay away. Breezes is right next door and so is the top shelf liquor. Poor service and bad food is NEVER a bargain. Really Disappointing.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quit Whinning and enjoy Went to the Grand Paradise and was a little aprehensive after reading the reviews but if you're thinking of going here I can definately recommend it. It was my second trip to the DM in 2004 and decided to come here after a week in March in Puerto Plato (Which was great)Firstly, it is a little isolated and the Puerto Plato resorts are more entertaing during the evenings but putting that to one side the rooms are nice, clean and offer great views. The excursions I took on a daily basis were great value for money, especially the horseback riding and Speed boat hire. The people do speak English although not great English but hey, its a Spanish speaking country ! You'll make yourself understood, trust me. I can only assume that the reviews to the contrary were written by people so rude and full of themselves that the locals didn't want to help them and I don't blame them. As for all of the other complaints about service and standards, THIS IS A THIRD WORLD COUNTRY Not the USA. The people are humble and friendly if treated with respect, the weather is great, the beach beautiful, the excursions well worth it and affordable and the food, a little tiresome after a few days but edible and bearable for a week. They need to work on their nighttime entertainment but hey, thats my only real complaint.1 tip though, don't bother going into the local Plaza as you get hassled BIGTIME and its no fun. You want a Nice peaceful holiday with beautiful surroundings then go here, you will love it!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>family christmas vacation December 19th to 26th, 2004We stayed at the Grand Paradise Hotel in Punta Cana. We are a family of 4 and our children are 20 and 22. We had 2 rooms beside each other and that was what we were hoping for on our trip. Our view was partially of the 2nd pool and the pond close to the main foyer, and if we poked our heads out from our balcony we could see the ocean. The rooms were spacious and clean. We were on the third floor, so our balcony enclosure had open grillwork so that we could see out when we sat down. Only one of the rooms was ready when we arrived around 1:00 pm. We all changed into our bathing suits, shorts, tops and sandels which we were smart enough to pack with our carry-on luggage. The hotel staff said that they would bring our luggage up to the rooms, however, that took them 45 minutes to deliver. Nevertheless, we have learned to pack what we would need for the first day in our carry-on, so that there would be no disappointments if lugguage were lost or if we had to wait for luggage delivery to our room. We were nicely greeted at the lobby and received our bracelet which indicated that we were part of the all-inclusive package. We could not get our key to the safe in our room until the room was ready ( 3:00 pm).The main cafeteria had a wide variety of food and although there was a lot of repetition over the week, there was plenty to choose from. There were at least 2 stations in the buffet where you could get your food freshly cooked if you preferred. This was also available at breakfast and lunch. The staff was friendly and accommodating. In the evening we tended to eat at the other 3 restaurants on the premises. They never disappointed us. Our only complaint was that the wine was not very good. Their beer is excellent! The service was excellent and our favourite spot was the Asian restaurant.We spent most of our time on the beach which was absolutely the best. You could walk for miles and there were beautiful palm trees abounding. My husband took his own snorkeling gear and was suprised by how many fish you could see just inside the swimming boundaries. They appear to be invisible to most swimmers, but to the snorkelers they were definitely there. He sometimes would bring some bread from the cafeteria when he went snorkeling and he said that many were attracted to the food and this made for better viewing. The water was clear, blue and just the right temperature for swimming.At times it was difficult in the afternoon to get a drink at the bar, but if you were patient and learned how to carry 4 drinks at once, you had it made. At other times there was no line-up at all. The glasses are small, but the mixed drinks are really strong. Watch yourself on the first day!The entertainment was lively and the dancers were good. The costumes were colourful and we enjoyed each performance. There were 2 live bands that played in the evening during the week. One was on the beach and the other played by the poolside bar.My son's only complaint was about what he called The Fun Police. He would regularly hide from them under a book or pretend to be sleeping while on the beach. He learned how to say no in many polite ways when they came to get him to play games. Just be as persistent as them and they will back off. Lots of people did partake in the beach volley ball which was actually very entertaining.This was our first time away for Christmas and thoroughly enjoyed ourseleves. We would go back again. Be sure to bring lots of US one dollar bills which are great for tipping. We made a point of tipping between $10US to $15US in the specialty restaurants because of the the great service. We also left a couple of dollars every other day on our pillow for the maids. This ensured that we always had our container of water and few pops in our fridge.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>In the main buffet prepare to eat leftovers from the previous day I and my 9-year old daughter stayed in Grand Paradise Bavaro the week of December 19-26, 2004. The resort is sitting on the beach, especially block 6 where we lived. Unfortunately, this block is also the closest to the pool entertaintment and some nights we couldn't sleep until 1 am because of the loud music. The pools were huge and deep enough but no shade around it, so we spent time mostly on the beach which was great. The only complaint about the beach was the cigarette butts and plastic straws everywhere. The ocean at the Grand Paradise sector is really rough. There were big waves even if there was no wind. Apparently, this part of the ocean is not quite protected by the coral reef. Just 150 m down the beach towards Bahia the ocean was much calmer.My main negative impression of this resort was the food. Prepare to eat leftovers from the previous day in the main buffet if you decide to go there. We had stuffed rabbit for lunch as a hot meal and the same rabbit sliced and served as cold cuts for the supper just the same day. Moreover, the following morning these slices still were there! Stewed carrots every day. Hot green beans in the afternoon, green beans salad in the evening. Fish in thick white sause for lunch, mixed seafood in the same fish sause (so all parts of it - octopuses, squids, mussels tasted like fish) for supper. Canned bitter asparagus for the X-mas gala, same asparagus in white sause the next day. On Dec 19, it was Italian night and a whole Proscuitto pork leg was served in the deli section. It was not finished that night and they served it again for the X-mas gala in this half-eaten condition! The cold seafood section on the X-mas dinner for the first glance looked attractively - over 10 salad dishes. When I looked closely it turned to be only 2 kinds of them, just differently decorated: mixed seafood, which was very chewy, and calamari. What we truly appreciated was fresh-pressed juces every morning and desserts. The rest of the day what they called juice was actually just a mix of water and artificially flavored syrops. Absolutely NO natural juices, exept for mornings!Another problem was language. Most of the guests were from Europe and Spanish-speaking. May be that's why the stuff don't bother to speak English. Most of them understand only few English words and our communication was difficult. Room service was slow. We had our room cleaned around 5pm. One day my daughter went to take shower and I realized there were absolutely no towels in the room. The maid was in the hall talking to other 2 maids. I asked her to bring the towels because my child was already in the shower and she said 1 minute. After waiting for 5 minutes I opened the door and she was still there chatting with the other maids! I reminded her about the towels and slowly she went to the storage and brought them (without apologizing). I spoke to the hotel manager about this matter and he promised to talk to the housekeeping stuff.Night shows were great, except for kids beauty paegant. I don't mind to see 5-10 well prepared bright kids, not 30 clumsy ones with comments like this is Jen, she is from Ohio, she is 8 years old and she likes Britney Spears. After a while it was really boring.Overall, it was not bad. If you like to spend time on a beatiful beach, jump over waves and don't mind repetitive food then go there.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>VACATION TOO SHORT. WILL LOVE TO GO BACK My sister and I went to Grand Paradise on December 8th-Dec 13th. We absolutely loved it. There is nothing true said in the reviews prior to our visit to Punta Cana - we had a lovely time with the employees - they were so kind and generous and we had a marvelous time. the grounds was beautiful, and the pool and beach were kept clean. the staff were so committed in their work, and we especially meet francisco at the tennis center. HE WAS SO NICE!!! Amauri, Carlos, another Francisco, and the people at the theater bar were just so awesome. Room was okay.. but we wished it was a little brighter. Regardless, we had no time to just stay in the room, so it was a trivial complaint. We were so busy doing the activities outside, that all we did when we got back to the room was sleep.Punta Cana really has nothing but the resorts, so don't expect great tourist attractions, because there really isnt any. There are vendors that come to the resort to sell their items, but we wished they were there more often, since we only saw them once. Food was pretty good. We especially loved the pastries and desserts. No complaints there. The nightly entertainment shows were great. We would like to go back again.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wouldn't Go Back We went from Nov 1st - Nov 15th. The grounds were beautiful - but that's it! The front desk service was horrible. We were there on our honeymoon and got a nice waterview room with a spa tub - however there was no drain to stop the water! We were there for 2 weeks and I asked about 8 times for a drain, never got one. The bathroom was not screened in and a few times we woke up to a bathroom full of dead knats - no exagerration - they were all over! We were finally able to switch rooms after 12 days to a pool view room, the smaller room was much nicer but we lost our water view. The food was just awful - I got sick 3 times and my husband 1 time. The pools always had leaves and grass floating in them. Women were topless at the beach and pools, but it is not allowed at the pool, but they never enforced it. It rained a lot and they don't have anything to do at our hotel so everyone was extremely bored. They only offer Presidente beer, but for some reason it's not as good as what we get at home. We never had a problem finding a beach chair, but the pool was difficult to find. We did a lot of the excursions- the jeep safari was our favorite! You cannot leave the hotel unless you're in a group excursion, the area isn't safe. I will say the staff (besides the front desk and hotel store) were all wonderful! All in all, the food was just too horrible and the weather wasn't that good, we wouldn't go back, not just the hotel, the entire island. The USVI and BVI were much better on scale for everything!  
<Date>Dec 23, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not so Grand Paradise We stayed at Grand Paradise Bavaro from December 10th to the 17th, 2004. During the first two days of our vacation our impression of this resort was a four star. However, throughout the week these four stars spun tragically down the toilet, along with much of the food we consumed. Here is a breakdown of the trip from check-in to departure. Check In: Arriving late Friday night (in the rain), we were happy to pull up at a beautiful looking reception lobby. They were very insistent that the bellhop take our bags, saying that they would be delivered to our rooms later on. However, we wanted to take our own bags, and we basically had to steal our own luggage back so that we could get cleaned up and into dry clothes. As our travel agent predicted, we had been given a room with two beds, instead of the king that we had requested, so we asked to change rooms. As advised, we asked right away for a safe and were told with a gesture to the right to speak to the man at the end of the counter. We assumed, from our limited knowledge of Spanish that in a éˆ¥æ¸‰alf houréˆ¥?we would have our safe. When we proceeded to talk to the gentleman at the end of the counter, the previous man came up and in a tone that could not be mistaken for polite sneered, éˆ¥æ·š told you come back half an hour!éˆ¥? Based on previous reviews we had read, we werenéˆ¥æª› necessarily shocked that the reception was less than éˆ¥æ¦³elcomingéˆ¥?Room: Room 6131 was beautiful, very spacious and wonderfully located (20 steps from the beach). We left money and a gift each day and housekeeping was very pleasant and friendly. However, management at the resort has a lot of work to bring the four-star experience up to par. Starting out with 6 towels of varying sizes, we ended up with 1 bath towel by the middle of the week. On another occasion, our bed was stripped of the sheets, but there were no clean sheets to put on it for three hours. This would have been unnoticed, except that it was raining on that day and we had no where to sit in our room. Clearly they donéˆ¥æª› have enough linen for a hotel of their size! Bathrooms had good water pressure, but toilets are strangely located behind the door and our shower spilled over onto the floor every time. One important thing to note: We were extremely careful to only drink purified or bottled water, however, the drinking glasses in your room and at the bars are washed with tap water. Obviously, the concept of cross-contamination has been seriously overlooked. We spent the remainder of the week refilling and drinking out of Sprite and Coke bottles to avoid using glasses washed in undrinkable water.Food: As we mentioned, anything you put in your mouth here should be considered carefully. We were told by Geny, our World of Vacations Rep, that even the salad was washed in bottled water, however, I donéˆ¥æª› see how this makes a big difference considering that the plates, glasses (which come out wet when you get them), and cutlery are all washed in tap water. Furthermore, I canéˆ¥æª› imagine them actually using bottled water to wash the salad. At any rate, of 10 Canadians who we traveled with, every single one of us was sick in varying degrees, from full on nausea, diarrhea and vomiting, to daily cramping, bloating and passing discomfort. The buffets are full of variety, but that éˆ¥æ¸§arietyéˆ¥?repeats daily, and by seven days later we were definitely ready to go home. The pizza at the airport was looking mighty good. I am not a picky eater, and could always find something to eat at the buffet, but it was usually hit or miss. I definitely recommend the crepes at breakfast and lots of good desserts. The buffet wait staff was very attentive, however, a good deal of this attention was unwelcome and highly inappropriate passes were made by many of the male staff (we are two twenty-two year old females). For example, in front of a table of six people, one staff member repeatedly brushed my cheek with his hand, whispered éˆ¥æ·š love youéˆ¥?etc etc. It got past the point of being funny and quickly became obnoxious and uncomfortable for us both, since silence, frowns and even claiming that the man next to you at the table is éˆ¥æ¸•y fatheréˆ¥?doesnéˆ¥æª› seem to dissuade these passes. One great exception to this was the server Andre de la Rosa, who works in the main buffet, very professional, attentive and friendly. Of the three a la carte restaurants, the Asian restaurant was exceptional and served great tasting food with efficient service, while the Grill had slow dinner service and abysmal food. Advice: bring some comfort food, crackers, granola bar etc. because they are expensive (Pringles 7USD) and if youéˆ¥æª™e ill or just plain hungry at an inconvenient time, youéˆ¥æª™e out of luck.Beach/Pool: The pools were gorgeous, well-maintained and refreshing. But the beach was spectacular!...clean, powdery white sand and turquoise water. There were always chairs to be found, but cabanas went early. We were happiest walking a short distance down the beach and lying on our towels in the sand on a secluded stretch. They request no topless sunbathing by the pool, but on the beach itéˆ¥æªš fair game and you can soak up all the sun you like. Wear lots of sunscreen; youéˆ¥æª’l be able skip the burn and enjoy every day. Kayaking, boogie boarding and waves were all great. The beach is 5*. Trips: We went on the Bavaro Runners trip, 78 USD. Both of us went, but illness prevented my partner from enjoying herself fully. It wasnéˆ¥æª› so much an adventure as it was educational. If you get motion sickness take a gravol or skip this trip, thereéˆ¥æªš quite a lot of rough terrain and high velocity winds in an open jeep. Keep a good hold of your glasses, as our friend lost hers to a very mischievous monkey. Info is available regarding all the tours at the hotel and can be booked there. Summary: Several other things to note: while we were staying here, there was construction outside our door at 7 am. Parents, keep a good eye on your daughters, as we mentioned, the staff are very éˆ¥æ¸‡riendlyéˆ¥? Animation team is aggressive in getting participants for their activities. If youéˆ¥æª™e looking to relax, be prepared to give a firm succession of no thank you, no, NO, NO!éˆ¥æªš to them. Also, make sure to ask what EXACTLY your participation requires. I was very happy NOT to have agreed to be onstage for many of the nightly éˆ¥æ¸†ntertainmentéˆ¥?sequences. While the dancing and performances were skilled for the most part, with lots of variety and flashy costumes, some of the shows were terribly un PC and tasteless (in the mind of an Equity Studies Major), ex: chauvinist, racist etc. Iéˆ¥æª“ not sure how men thrusting at a group of women with their pelvis and screaming éˆ¥æ¸¬es yes yeséˆ¥? while the women yell back éˆ¥æ¸˜o no noéˆ¥?and repeating this over and over is éˆ¥æ¸†ntertainingéˆ¥? Although the éˆ¥æ·šdeal Coupleéˆ¥?show was pretty funny, mostly because it was voluntary, donéˆ¥æª› expect to see any diverse representation (except in language preference). The beach market vendors are very insistent, barter and be prepared to walk away. Also be aware of plastic éˆ¥æ¸mberéˆ¥? We took fresh water and table scraps of meat to the dogs at the market, they are so sweet. After the first day we went daily to feed them. On the final night of our stay there was a staff party that went on, closing all the bars but the sports bar, and blaring a microphoned voice and music past 2 am, louder than any party thrown for guests. Many people complained, having flights to catch the next day, but nothing was done to curb the noise level. This could have been held off the resort or on the side of the complex furthest from sleeping, paying guests. Lastly, we were expected to check out at 1 pm even though our flight wasnéˆ¥æª› until 10:30 pm. After paying for 7 days, we were expected to fork over 20$ US to keep the room until 4 or 5 (depending on which staff you spoke to) and then dinner didnéˆ¥æª› open until 6:30, while our bus left to the airport at 6 pm. (the last meal closing at 2:30) Our rep told us we could either pay for a taxi later, or buy food at the airport. We decided to take our chances at the airport. There are certainly a few great things to be said about his resort, but please consider some of these cons, because they were certainly factors that affected our vacation. All in all, a few staff and the other travelers we met were the saving graces at a resort that was far from Paradise, but just happened to have a great beach.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TinaK
<Content>A Vacation I'll Never Forget!!!!!!       lobby  
<Date>Dec 12, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jillzie33
<Content>Magazine beautiful scenery My sister and I stayed at the Grand Paradise Resort from 11-7 through 11-14. We went with a group of 24 , or so. This is my first trip anywhere so I have nothing to compare it to. But I have been in hotels , and eaten at fine restaurants before. I was impressed with just the beautiful white beaches. The blue-green water. The well kept grounds. The maid service.(even though they speak very little english).Most people we encountered were very friendly, however from day one I was bitten by something . Staff said mosquitos. Some said sand fleas.I really don't know ,but take DEET (off) with you. The food at the buffett was good for breakfast and dinner. Lunch was best at the LaCana Grill. During the day you can enter in your swimwear( which is nice since it is right off the beach) They say you don't need reservations..... what they mean is they dont take them before 6:30 p.m. at all places . Except the buffett,which is always first come first serve. It was linens , atmosphere, and servers which I thought all was nice. Watch the flag on the beach! When it is red..stay out of water deeper than your knees. I was knocked over and pulled under and waves crashing over my head. Kind of like a washing machine.Always try to deal a little with the vendors. Never give them what they ask for the first time. They do not like American money. We brought our own towels just because the policy is like $15 per lost towel, and some people would rather steal yours than pay the fee , had theirs been lost. I would not visit again if I had the opportunity for the simple fact I wanted to do water sports. Snorkleing was an off site recreation which costs at least $60 /person. Only a 1/2 hour drive. But the drive can be , well , interesting. :) Punta Cana is on the Atlantic side , so the waves/water is a little more rough. But very beautiful just the same.It rained for 3 days off  on and one day all day. They said it was a small tropical storm moving through,which is why they cancelled our snorkling excursion. Even though it was sunny, water was still too rough. Anyone can email me if you have anymore questions,and are considering a trip in the future.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2004
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tedl
<Content>Great Beach, but Great Beach, but if you are looking for a property with a good selection of food, near other hotels, interesting activities then you may want to upgrade to another hotel closer to the main strip of Bavaro Beach. Just returned today, November 28th.Given the price we paid, the property was quite good. In terms of breakfast keep the breads and fresh eggs/omlette where the best, keep away from the rest. Lunch at the beach is convenient, we liked the bbq chicken, everything else seemed the old. Dinner- buffet and Italian where the best don't bother the grill unless you want the overpriced lobster.Keep in the mind this property is over 45 minutes from the airport, and there are no hotels near by, Breezes is still closed, and on the otherside the Bahia Principe is over 10 minutes away-very boring walks.The best thing of this property is the beach, its clean, fantastic sand and beautiful water. Plenty of chairs and huts on the beach. Lots of chairs around the pool, but very few huts for shading. If you play tennis, the courts are inexcusable far away.Over the complex is small enough to get around easy enough, the rooms where comfortable and clean but the food was very carribean basic.Our of group of 11 had a good time but if your going as a couple be prepared to relax.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MalaCrna
<Content>Will never return to Punta Cana We just returned from Grand Paradise Bavaro in Punta Cana. It started off as the MOST awful vacation ever!! From the airport the ride was over an hour long when we were told that the distance from airport to resort was approx. 35 minutes. We arrived at the hotel at about 12:30am in the pouring rain already soaked from walking from plane to airport. We checked in which was quick, a bellhop loaded up our lugage along with the two other couples that came with us and left. We were waiting in the lobby expecting to be escorted to our room. The individual at reception pointed and said your room is that way I looked and saw 5 other buildings. I asked him if he could at least tell me if it was too the left or right or the colour of the building, I got no response. So we went walking in the pouring rain to our room. Went to the wrong building and then started all over. FINALLY, we got to our room, which had 2 twin beds, we had requested a king size bed. I called reception and to my surprise they accomodated us pretty quickly ONLY because the other family that arrived with us had requested 2 twin beds. We walked to their building and just swaped key cards. While in the first room we were trying to tell the bellhop that we were in the wrong room and will be moving, he said he didnt speak any english, so we had to call reception and have them tell him where to go. Once in the room, we went to open our lugage when we realized the lugage was not ours. My husband then carried the lugage to the other guests room and swamped. Needless to say, our first night there was a disaster. The next morning we went to reception to ask for a room that was not on the main floor, we were told to return at 9:30 to speak with the manager which we did, when we arrived the manager told us that he didnt understand what we wanted, and why our room was the wrong one. We mentioned that we were told to return and he said that the clerk we were pointing at never said that and pretty much called us liars. His name was Nicholas, I think. Once again, second day on the long awaited for vacation was awful. We thought that the food was very good in all of the restaurants and there was plenty to choose from, however, we found that the service at the restaurants was awful. Most of the time, we would have to find our own napkins (usually would just take them off other tables) since the waiters did not approach our table. We also usually went to the bar to get our own drinks. The one thing that I have never seen before at a resort that I saw at this one was that the workers (entertainers etc.) would eat lunch in the restaurant with the guests and would not even give the guests the right of way. The beach was very nice and the pool was nice, could be a bit cleaner, however, there was not nearly enough chairs on either the beach or the pool to accomodate the amount of guests. We had to get up at 7am to grab chairs by the beach and also, there isnt many umbrella's on the beach, and none at the pool! Upon leaving, we carried our own lugagge to reception to avoid having the same problems we had at checkin. We were promised a courtesy suite at 4pm, once we got there we were told that we couldn't have one until about 5:15 and they once again pretty much called us liars when we said we were told we would have one at 4pm. Like I said, the food was good and this is coming from a picky eater, the beaches and pool were nice, there was a beach market nearby and the service at this resort is the one and only reason as to why I would never ever return to Punta Cana.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mavz44
<Content>Grand Experience @ Grand Paradie stayed at Grand Paradise from Nov 8-22The Grounds: Very clean and well laid out. 2 big pools that are always clean and cool which is nice after frying in the sun. Sand volleyball court that always has games going one, bochi ball, badmitton, pingpong. Room: Our first room was #6102 (lower level) smelled like fresh paint and had 2 small double beds. Moved to room #6208 (2nd level). This was a great room! Ocean view and pool side. Nice king size bed and not smelly. I'm sure there are some bad rooms and some good rooms. If you get a bad room just ask them to move you. Food  Drinks: Nothing special. Just remember the hungrier you are the better the food tastes. My fiance or myself did not get sick and I ate everything but the stuff with mayo in it. The food stations don't fry the meat long enough sometimes. If you get a steak or something watch them and if you feels it's not cooked ask them to keep it on the grill longer. Chinese restaraunt was good w/great service. I liked the sweet  sour pork. Itilian restaraunt just okay. We only went to that one once cause we weren't real impressed with it.Room for improvement. They need a bigger bar or more bars. The lines for a drink can sometimes be long. A nice beach bar with cover and open air with chairs to sit at would be nice. More remotes for TVs. We waited 5 days to get one. I really liked the resort. I'm not a person to nit pick. I take what is dealt and deal with it. If i don't get a remote when i ask for one. NO BIG deal just ask again next time i'm up by the front desk. If i don't like a food. I don't eat it and have something else. DON'T COME DOWN HERE EXPECTION TO BE WAITED ON HAND AND FOOT. I read some of the recent reviews and CAN NOT understand where they are coming from. They must either have really bad luck or have serious issues and could never be satisfied. I would not give and credit to the rescent reviews that gave the resort a 1 star. I still wonder if they even writing about the correct resort. As far as getting a beach chair...I went down there 14 days strait and got a beach chair everytime and didn't even have to get up at 6:30. I got up at about 9, got breakfeast, changed and down to the beach. Yes I had to look for one but always found 2 (me and my fiance). You may have to drag 1 or 2 around to where you want it though.All in All this is a very solid 4 star resort. I would recommend this to people who can take care of themsleves and just naturally know how to have fun. Yes I would go back again but probably won't just cause there are so many other places i want to go. Mexico, California, New York.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>hroseboom
<Content>Grand Paradise Bavaro Worst Ever!!! Oct. 25 to Nov 11 We arrived at the hotel it took about an hour and a bit. We then waited an hour to get our room. There was a total of three couples so it shouldn't have taken that long. After getting the room I requested bell service for our luggage, but recieved no help and was told our room was over there as he pointed to the main complex area. My wife and I proceeded to the elavator which was not working,so up down four times across the compound, found are room, second floor and up, down four more times we go. We opened the room to find a musty oder which in the heat somtimes occurs with little or no air circulation, so no big deal. The air conditioner did not work, there was no hot water, next to no drawer space for you to use and a very small closet located in the bathroom next to the shower/bath. The furniture is dated and not that great and we expected that it would be quite a bit nicer than it was. The tile around the bath area didn't come down all the way and the last 6 to 8 inches was finished in rough cement that was troweled roughly and not finished. The king size bed had sheets that only covered 3/4 of the matress area, this was getting worse. We looked out of our room to notice that the view was of 2 empty swimming pools and 2 empty jacuzzis.There was one pool by the beach that had water in it. I went to the front desk to see if we could have a fan or if someone could fix the air conditioning. They had a fan behind the counter but no other fans that we could use. They sent a repair guy to the room but the air flow was not even enough to blow out a match. I went back to see if I could get a better room and asked for the best room they had and said I will pay extra , but was told that this was the best room in the hotel. There were 2 other couples trying to change rooms as well. One couple had already changed twice and the other couple said they had 2 inches of water in there suite. I decided maybe I had better keep what I had. In the mean time my wife had a shower to freshen up for dinner. Like I said the water was cold, but believe it or not the tub backed up. Unbelievable. We went for dinner and the selection was limited and of poor quality. The lettuce was brown and the hot food was cold. There were no napkins at the table and after ten minutes I got up to get our own. Not one person in the 20 minutes that we were there asked us if we wanted anything to drink, not even a glass of water. We went back to are room and I told my wife not to unpack as we would not be staying here for 13 more nights. In the morning we went for coffee and to see what was there to eat. Again the buffet consisted of differents breads, Slimy Trays of scrabbled eggs, deep fried susages, and pale pink ham with a 1/4 inch of green around the outside, salami and cheese with green dots on them. Abolutely Discusting. We sat there in disbelief and again no water or coffee was offered to us. After 13 minutes I got up and asked in english and in spanish and very politely as well for coffee, cream and sugar. It took about another five minutes to get our coffee and we never did get cream or sugar. It was time to go to our World of Vacations Meeting in the lobby. There were 3 of us couples there and all of us very quiet. The representative started her welcome speech and was telling us that if we wanted to take any tours to book them in the hotel so that you would not get ripped off. Just as that was taking place 2 ladies were arguing about buying a tour, at the hotel, from a Representative, getting picked up, and them getting dropped off in the city and left there for hours. The tour guides vanished. The ladies took a taxi to the next destination on the tour and caught up with the guides but were told that they were not with this tour. The ladies then took a taxi back to the hotel and had spent 90.00 U.S on a tour they did not get and an additional 90.00 U.S on a taxi and wanted thier money back. The tour operator told them they had no right to be upset and that they would not get any money back because they were picked up in the morning and went on the tour. They were told if you don't like it to call the Tourist Police who we know won't do anything. At that time I spoke up and told the Representative how our vacation had been in the first 12 hours and that this was not a 4 star or a 4 1/2 star but maybe a 2 star to a 2 1/2 star. 3 star if the pools had water in them. The other couples spoke up too and we were all discusted with the holiday promised and not recieved. They had even told us that we could use 2 hotels while staying here. There is no second hotel and never has been. They now have somthing under costruction but nothing useable at all. This was the worst hotel We had ever been to. We requested to go to the Iberostar but were told after a phone call that this was not possible because it was handled by another section of World of Vacations but that we could go to the Bahia Principe Resort, but that I would have to pay 936.00 canadian and a 50.00 administrations fee as well. The other couples were asked for 463.00 dollars each. We all said that in light of the situation that World of Vacations should cover the cost considering this was not a 2 for 1 hotel use as promised and that the discraceful way we were al treated that surely they didn't expect that valued customers were expected to stay under the circumstances. The Rep made a phone call and came back to us and said that if we all thought it was so bad that we could move but that we would have to pay. I told her that maybe I should call my travel agent but, was told that it wouldn't do any good because they don't make the decisions. Quite rude actually. I gave her my credit card because I had no choice. There was no way we could stay here for 13 more nights. The other couples did not have enough money to move and one mans wife began to cry. We stopped at the front desk and asked for bell service to collect our bags as we were checking out. No bell service showed up and off we go up down 4 more times across the compound and up down four more times to the front lobby. I asked them if they could please call me a taxi and they told me to call my own. They must have been upset that we were leaving. At no time did the hotel management ask if there was anything that they could do to make anything better. Call your own taxi is all we got. I then asked the Tour Representative to get us a ride to the other hotel ( You Know Transfers Included) she said I'll call you a taxi but you will have to pay 10.00 U.S for the ride. I had just paid almost 1000.00 DOLLARS and also had to pay for a cab. UNBELIEVABLE !!!!!! We got in the cab and were relieved to get out of there. When we arrived at the Bahia Principe we were greeted by music, dance a welcome drink, bell service and escorted to a very nice room by thr hotel Manager and Assistant Manager Personally on a golf cart.We were given an umbrella in case it rained and invited to the gourmet resturant where we had a Lobster Thermador dinner. We were told by the manager that if we had any concerns that they would be looked after personally by Him and that we were welcome at thier hotel and thanked us for comming. This hotel was great. How could the Grand Paradise Bavaro be rated the same. We were reimbersed the 50.00 administrations fee 2 days later but thats it, no apology thank you, nothing. No consideration for us what so ever. We have gone on 6 trips in the last 2 years, Puerto Plata, Punta Cana, Puerto Vallarta,Hati Cancun, Mayan Riviera and third world country or not have never had a hotel that treated us like that, talked to us like that and provided as bad service and food as that. The Grand Paradise Bavaro is a DON'T GO...  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cubatourist
<Content>Wonderful! Truly Paradise! We stayed at this resort the last week of October and the first week of November. The resort is immaculate. The staff work very hard at keeping everything spotless. We booked a basic room and received a 26' by 14' room. It was huge, very tidy, well decorated. If this is basic, I'd love to see the upgraded rooms. The food was fabulous. It was well prepared, hygenically maintained and tastefully presented. There was a LOT of selection. All the guests seemed quite impressed. The pools were clean, well maintained. The guests from Italy and Germany were quite vulgar, basically fornicating in the pool for all to see. When you bring children to a family resort, you don't expect this. If you're coming here to display your sexual fantasies, perhaps you should chose an all adult resort. Security should have escorted these people from the resort, but they turn a blind eye because the guests don't speak Spanish, and the staff don't speak German nor Italian. The beach is beautiful, white powdery sand. However, the water is VERY WAVY and ROUGH. This is not a beach for children. OUr tour operator assured us that the beach was calm, the water was supposed to be like Varadero. It most definitely was NOT. It compares to the rough waves in Acapulco. During the 15 days that we were there, there was ONE day suitable for swimming in the ocean. If you surf, you'll like it. The people are poor. If you have gently worn summer attire that you no longr wear, bring it to them. Bring toys for the kids and medicine. Bring gently worn shoes, school supplies and toiletries. Things that we take for granted are considered absolute luxuries that are so out of reach to these people. Fill up an old suitcase with things that you no longer need, and leave it there for those who do need it.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great holiday I just returned from the Grand Paradise Bavaro. We stayed from Nov 4-11, 2004. I travelled with my husband (we're both 35), 3 kids (ages 9,7,and 6), and my in-laws (both in their 60's). My in-laws had been to Punta Cana before (different resort) and have been to Cuba, but we had never been to the Caribbean or to an all-inclusive before. We have been to Puerto Vallarta and to various places in Hawaii.We found the resort itself, outstanding. The food was great....we enjoyed the buffet the most, with everyone's different tastes. The desserts are the best! The service wasn't great, but we were okay with that as we just served ourselves coffee, juice, etc. It didn't seem to matter if we tipped, either, so sometimes we did, sometimes we didn't. We did try both a la carte restaurants (Italian and Chinese) but preferred the buffet. We also went to the beach restaurant La Cana for lunch quite often because we could go in swimsuits, and it was okay. We didn't ever have to deal with the front desk, aside from check-in, which was quick and easy, so I can't comment on that.The maids came early some days, later others. It didn't really matter to us, since we only went to our rooms to shower and change. We left them $1 US each day and a dollar store gift (pencil, lip gloss). The rooms were fine, although the beds were a little small and hard.The beach was the biggest disappointment to me. My husband, kids and I all love to snorkel, so we had packed our snorkel gear along. The beach is beautiful to look at and I don't know if it was just the time of year (tail end of hurricane season) but the water was very rough. The kids loved to play in the waves, but couldn't swim and snorkel. My husband went out a couple of times and I went once....there really wasn't a whole lot to see, compared to Maui. The pools were great and fairly clean. For the most part, they were pretty empty (not sure where everyone was!) and the kids had the run of them. We had brought our own floaties which was good because it's 5 feet deep everywhere so the kids couldn't touch. We didn't usually have a problem getting a chair, although some days they were all 'saved'. We did have a problem getting towels some days, if we didn't get them first thing in the morning. They kept saying 20 minutes all day. The service at the pool bar was incredibly slow (even with tipping) and if the kids went up themselves to get some juice, they were always served last. The weather the first two days was hot, hot, hot, but then the rest of the days were rainy and overcast. It would clear up for a bit and we'd head to the beach or pool til the next downpour. We also used the rainy days to go into plaza bavaro, the cigar museum, and walk to the flea market down the beach. The cigar museum was a waste of time....one small little building with one guy rolling cigars. The cab ride there was free so we thought it'd be worthwhile. They drove us back on their own after about 5 minutes because they didn't like having the kids in the store.On the 2nd rainy day, the kids discovered the kids club. They LOVED it. We couldn't get them to stay with us after that. Luz was fantastic with the kids and they did lots of different activities including tennis, swimming, shuffleboard and bocce. Each of my kids won a necklace at different activies either there or the minidisco (also managed by Luz) in the evening on stage.We also spent some rainy time in the sports bar playing fooz-ball.All in all, we had a great time, despite the rainy weather. We got a last minute deal and I think for the price we paid ($799 CDN each including airfare!) we more than got our money's worth. I'm still missing all those fabulous desserts!Hope that helps anyone who is headed there in the near future....Have fun!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel was nice - service was the worst The resort itself was nice enough but the service was terrable. Anytime you had a problem and went to reception about it they would say  thats not our problem or we don't have anything to do with that.Going for breakfast each day you are accosted by people trying to sell time shares. They would even follow you. Once a week vendors (not un-like flea market vendors) were on the property and wouldn't let you walk by without bugging you to look at their stuff. You couldn't walk around them or they would come after you and bug you to go over to their table and look. On the weekends there were prostitutes at he pool side and on the beach. Either they would proposition you or their pimp would. I was appalled by this being allowed on the resort property. Service in the restraunts was very poor. At the Chineese restraunt we were forgotten all together. Only half what we ordered came. We ordered sweet and sour pork, shrimp, egg rolls, and chow-main. All we got was the pork and the chow mein. They never did bring the coffee or the desserts. We got up and left after waiting more than 20 min.Don't bother with the internet service and don't make any calls from your room. They are a total rip off and a cash grab for the resort.The room was nice and the food was good.Most of the staff were nice. Pool was nice (when it was open) and the animation team were good.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxing and nice for the price Just got back from a VERY relaxing 7 night 8 day stay $1,400 for two including airfare. The hotel rates about a 3.5 star; nice grounds, clean beach. Food was good, not great. Drinks were good. Rooms were clean, no clock and wake up calls didn't always work. Bath towels taken in the AM and returned cleaned by 4pm. All staff except, front desk, very nice but limited english (bring a spanish dictionary - you try and then they will, a couple of singles here and there didn't hurt either). You're better off sticking with the buffet then going with the specialty restaurants. Reservations for the restaurants are made the same day @ 6:30pm for that night, pants required. Get your tv remote  lock box key(extra charge) when you check in, they don't tell you til you get to the room. Large pools, no swim up bar, pool/beach bar, cold jacuzzi. Get beach towels early in the am and pick a spot on beach (people reserve even though you're not supposed to). Not many kids. No 4 or 5 star expectations no disappointments. If you want to lay around a pool, beach, drink and eat for a week. You can't beat it for the price. We always stay at all inclusives and this was an extremely good value.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great time at Grand Paradise Bavaro My wife and I spent a wonderful week from Sept. 4-11 at Grand Paradise. We had a great time. As soon as we checked in, our room was ready despite reports to the contrary. The room was very comfortable with 180 degree views of the beautiful ocean from both balconies. Since we did our homework, we knew to get our beach chairs early in the am. The food was delicious and there was a huge variety. Food and drinks were plentiful 24/7. The maids and waiters took great care of us, especially Carmelita, who designed a romantic swan sculpture out of towels, and Elian, who made sure we had everything at foodtime. The tourists were mostly Canadian and European, who were very friendly. We made some new friends there. Again despite reports to the contrary, we found quite a few workers who spoke english.People traveling to other countries should try to learn a little of the local language. The native people really appreciate it. The beach was beautiful and clean. The waves were fun. Hurricane Ivan made them rough for one day, but there was endless sunshine. I would recommend Grand Paradise to anyone looking for a great place at a great price. We can't wait to get back.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A superb place!!! My vacation took place in the end of August and the beach was great! ABSOLUTELY NO BUGS even though it was very hot. The place was extremely clean and the food was GREAT! I ate with my boyfriend in the Italian restaurant almost every night and we were treated like gold. I loved the fact that nobody harassed you to buy anything and everybody was very nice (both tourists as well as staff).As soon as we got there, we didn't like the room and they took care of us immediately.We also took a day trip to the Altos of Chavon in which you get to go on a Katamaran to a natural pool in the middle of the ocean. This was magnificent!For the price, this trip was an absolute 10!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RLyman1059
<Content>Stayed at Grand Paradise in August Stayed at Grand Paradise at the end of August. The best thing about this hotel is the beach. It was beautiful. The hotel was OK but I got a great deal to go so I wasn't expecting to be staying at a place like Sandals. The food was Ok. I found myself building my own meals (BLT's  egg salad sandwiches),for breakfast and lunch. This resort is filled with mostly europeans and no one spoke very good english. The bartenders understood no english so when you asked for a drink they just made you up something. I never knew what I was drinking. The two resturants that you make reservations for are included in an all inclusive package. Both resturants were very good and we ate at one or the other for dinner. The service in both was excellent, but keep in mind they want you in and out. The worst thing about this resort was that there was nothing to do at night. The nightly entertainment was worse than a high school talent show and everyone only spoke spanish. Thank goodness the Olympics were still on T.V. or we would have had nothing to do. There really isn't any shopping to speak of either. There is a flea market down the beach to the right. You need to bargain way down, there and you get your price but I couldn't find anything to buy...and I am a shopper. I am really glad that I went to this hotel for the beach and I wasn't disppointed but I would not return again, especially in the summer. Even though it might only have been 85 it felt like 110. I needed to be in the water by 8:00 am. At that time their pool was cool by 10:00 am the pool was about 95 and it was so warm it was horrible. The ocean was very refreshing and I stayed in the ocean all day. One tip..bring at least 30 sunscreen, the sun is very strong and make sure you put it on your lips. I forgot and came home with the worst sun blisters. It took 3 weeks for my lips to heal with prescription medication. Hope this helped.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beenthere
<Content>An Experience To Remember I just got back from a week at the Grand Paradise. Me and my 2 friends went down, we are in our early twenties. I was there from September 12-19, YES I was there when Hurricane Jeanne hit!!! First off, let me start off by saying that I read ALL the reviews before booking this hotel, and my experience was very different from alot of the things written. The grounds are beautiful, and the staff is extremely friendly and helpful. Robbinson (Robi), Reuben and Ceasar were wonderful at the front desk. The entertainment staff (the animators) are very nice and always try to get you involved with the activities. The pool was not dirty, and there were always enough towels. The only tiny complaint I could have was that there were some ants in our room, but it wasn't a nucensce. There is a sports bar on the grounds with a tiny disco and thats where we spent our nights, especially after the hurricane hit. The disco does repeat the same songs, but you can bring your own cd's. Unfortuanatly, I cannot comment on any of the restaurants because we did not experience them because they were closed down after hurricane Jeanne hit. We ate at the main buffet room the whole week, and it was good. Let me tell you that this resort was one of the ONLY resorts still standing after Hurricane Jeanne hit. After hearing the horror stories from the passengers on our plane, I felt extremely lucky to have stayed at the Grand Paradise. The other hotels had no running water, there kitchens were not functioning at all, and the guests even had to bath in the pool! When the hurricane passed, our hotel was flooded and phone lines were down, no running water ... and the staff was still catering to our every command. Alot of the employees did not show up for work because there homes were demolished by the hurricane and roads and bridges were flooded. We were one of the only resorts that had running water and A/C up and running after a day. After the hurricane hit, they were constantly cleaning up the debris around the hotel ... the hotels adjacent to ours had the debris and fallen palm trees left out in the open, and did not do a thing to clean it up. We were also one of the only hotels that still had hot food served! This was an experience that I would not wish apon anyone (especially since I live in Canada and have never experienced a hurricane, nor do I ever want to again). All in all, eventhough the hurricane hit, we still had a good time, mainly because of our resort. THANK GOD we stayed at the Grand Paradise. We were in a life threatening situation, and this hotel tried to make our stay as comfortable as possible. I would only like to say that I would never travel again during hurricane season, nor do I reccomend it ... you don't want to even risk the chance of experiencing this kind of catastrophy. I would like to thank all the staff that helped make our stay better, and in conclusion I would like to leave off by saying that if this hotel could withstand a hurricane, I would highly reccomend it to anyone. Me and my two friends will be going back in February and we will be staying at this resort again!!!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Trip! We were at Grand Paradise from Sept.5-Sept.12/04. Overall, we had a wonderful trip and the weather was great - even despite Huricaine Ivan in the Carribean. Front Desk Service: We found the staff to be a bit on the slow side, but everything is done there in Dominican time. However, from the other reviews, we expected this to be the case. Room: We had a great view of the ocean and the pool. The staff kept our room tidy although we didn't always get small wash cloths. The staff did ensure that we got them once we asked though. Keep in mind that you can ask at the front desk for a TV remote.Beach: The beach was awesome, but you do have to make sure that you reserve a spot in the shade before 7AM or you will luck out. Sand was nice and white and not very hot. We found that the beach was kept nice and clean. Water was pretty clear although towards the end of the week, it got a little cloudy and seaweedy - but to be expected with the huricaines going around on the ocean.Pool: Generally kept clean. They are very big which is nice if you want to use an air mattress. The pools are always in the sun though so you have to watch out you don't burn. There are only 2 or 3 umbrellas by the pool - again the first spots to be picked.Nightly entertainment: We found the entertainment pretty good, although more geared towards adults. The content was not always suitable for kids. Parents be cautious. Food: We found the food to be overall pretty good - although not like home. The buffets have a lot of variety. The pasta bar was great, and we took advantage of this quite often. The dinner buffet did not always enforce the dress code, but the a la carte restaurants did. The beach grill had good food but everyday the same. It was nice to be able to eat in your beachwear though. Tours: We did the Country Adventure tour which was a very good tour. We were picked up at 9AM and did not return until 6PM - a pretty long day. We saw a school, typical house, cigar museum, sugar cane field, and had lunch at a ranch were able to do a bit of horseback riding and relax/swim in a nearby river. They also showed us how they grind coffee beans and cocoa beans. From there we drove to a nice beach in time to have a 45 minute swim. They showed us some beautiful scenery while driving around the country too. Bring a camara. Overall, we had a great trip and couldn't have asked for better weather. It was well worth the money spent on it - roughly $710 plus all taxes. We would recommend it to anyone looking to have a relaxing vacation. Just remember it is not like home and you will have a good time.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A bit of paradise We've been to the Grand Paradise Bavaro many times and have purchased a vacation club. We sent our daughter there on her honeymoon and they loved it that they too purchased 50 weeks. We are all going there in December. We have brought friends with us and they too enjoyed the facilities. The people are friendly. The nightly entertainment is nice. Yes there is a lack of small towels and we bring our own as well as 2 beach towels to help identify our beach chairs. Yes the front desk is slow. Security is very good. The marketplace has some nice things. You must negociate prices. You can buy most items for 1/2 to 1/3rd the price asked for.Horseback riding was fun. When we went the beaches were very clean. Remember that even her in RI the beaches sometimes end up with seaweeds and shells brought in due to storms out at sea.Remember that this island is very poor and a dollar to many is a fortune. If you travel out of the hotel area you would see that. Don't expect American food all the time. You're in the carribean. There are a high number of Germans and Canadians that visit here. Americans rank 4th. Please try to enjoy the visit. You get what you put into it.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SAMANABahiaprincipe
<Content>grand bavaro paradise had two wonderful weeks at the grand bavaro paradise. stayed aug 7 -12. weather was great. beach beautiful, clear water. you can walk so much. one day we walked two hrs.stayed in bldg 5 , ocean view. nice location. blge 6 seems to be the best location. everything within reach(maybe 5 minutes away from wherever you are.have to get up very early in the morning to get a beach chair. after 7:30am very hard to find. the buffet is good. the a la carte restuarants are the italian which we liked. the grill which is the best. the chinese we did not enjoy. no mosquitos. bring your own towels. they remove all the towels around 9:30am  bring them back around 4:30pm. you need one to wash your hands during the day. banging of doors in the hallway early in the morning. staff is very friendly. overall had a great time, would not go back since we like to sleep in the morning  couldn't at this resort for the simple fact of the beach chairs  banging in hallways.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxing and Affordable Visited the resort Aug. 24-Aug. 31 2004. Overall beautiful place to stay for the money spent. The beach was absolutely breathtaking, the water was crystal clear and the sand was pure white. The pools were large but warm, so the beach was better. The rooms were comfortable as well as kept clean. The food was O.K., it wasn't gourmet American restaurants, but you could manage to get full from the meals. The service was O.K., people tried to help you, but it was very difficult because most of them could not speak English. The biggest negative of the trip were the other tourists, beware Americans, many of the tourists staying at the resort were unpleasant Europeans that either spoke no English or simply chose not to speak to you because you spoke English! Overall, wonderful, relaxing trip.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Ava
<Content>I want to go back!! I went there in october last year and it was an AMAZING hotel. Good drinks (with LOTS of alchol!), food was good too (I didn't have high expectations, because of course it's not the food we're used to, but it was good anyways; I'm not a picky girl when it comes to food though), the beach was amazing and the staff very friendly. Kayaking was fun.I was very very pleased with first time down south. I'm going back on vacation this year too, but this place is quite expensive (we got a last minute deal) so I'll have to chose another hotel and now have high expectations because of the Grand Paradise Bavaro.If you aren't sure which hotel to choose, really, pick this one 'cause it's amazing. I would go back there anyday.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hokoonchi
<Content>Grand Paradise Not So "Grand" First of all, I would recommend this resort to anybody who has never been to a 5 star resort before. This way, you will not know the huge differences between those hotels and this one, and you will most likely enjoy your stay much more. As for those who have been to a 5 star resort before, I do not recommend this place, as upon arrival, you will immediately begin to make mental notes of all of the vast differences.My husband and I just came back from the Grand Paradise a week ago. We had gone there to celebrate our first year wedding anniversary. Prior to going there, I had read all of the reviews on this hotel, so I was aware that this place was only about a 3 star. Since we had found a really cheap deal, $750 each, for one week inc. tax, air and hotel, we decided to try it out. Although a bit long-winded, here's what we thought:Check in - Is 3 pm, we arrived around 3:30, and although there was only one family checking in ahead of us, we waited about a half hour for the room. Don't bother trying to tip the front desk people to try to get an oceanview room - it doesn't work here. I read reviews on other hotels in the D.R. and it seems that it is a common practice - not here though, so save your 20 bucks. We even emailed the resort, the week prior, but our room request was not fulfilled, except for the fact that we were given a king-size bed, which was nice.Room - They told us it was a nice gardenview room, but upon peering over our balcony, we had a full view of the Kid's Club, and the builiding across from us. I don't know where the garden was supposed to be, but whatever... At least the room was well air conditioned and pretty clean, except for some (not enough to complain to mgmt. about) very small picnic ants that I would find crawling on the floor and sometimes on the desk. Word of advice, shake out all of your clothes before leaving the hotel, and do not keep any kind of food available for these ants, as I think they are just waiting to come busting out from somewhere if they have the chance. Even if you have a sweet drink opened, I'd be careful. Another thing about the room, is that it is very dark in there. Even though there are two bedside lamps, I think there is only a 10 or 20 watt bulb in them, so don't plan on reading in bed at night unless you want to strain your eyes. A booklight is highly recommended. And, the lighting in the bathroom is even darker. There is just one very dim light bulb, just enough so that you can see what you're doing in there. I heard that this is the case with the other rooms as well, so apparently it wasn't just our room. They must not have enough electricity over there, because even the restaurants and the outdoor lighting is very dim in the evenings. Also, there is no clock in the room, so if you don't have a watch with you, you will not know what time it is most of the time. I guess this is fine, since on vacation that is something you shouldn't have to worry about, but when it comes to waking up at 6:30 in the morning to reserve a palapa, and once again at 6:30 pm to reserve your spot at dinner, time becomes very important. Luckily, we brought along a travel alarm clock.Housekeeping - Although we left a couple bucks and a small gift on our pillow everyday, most days we did not get any small towels. After placing one or two calls to housekeeping, they would arrive, but usually after we had taken our shower. I read this in other reviews, so I brought along a few extra washcloths, which I am happy that I did. I also brought along a pair of disposable slippers, which were very useful.Beach - The beach was nice, probably the highlight of the trip. However, it is necessary to get a spot in the shade, as the sun is very, very strong there, and sitting out in the sun all day would be dangerous, even if you're slathered in spf 45. However, since the towel desk doesn't open until 9 or 10 in the morning, we brought along a couple beach towels from home, so that we could reserve our spot under the palapa at 6:30 am. This was helpful since the hotel beach towels are blue, and we could easily spot our chairs when going back to the beach after breakfast. The sand and the water was nice, but not anything comparable to that of Cancun. The sand had lots of twigs, and dried bits of sharp seaweed. So, if you have sensitive feet, a good pair of beach sandals are recommended. Also, bring along a pair of tweezers, as you may find a few splinters in your toes at the end of the day. The water was a clear greenish blue color, nice, but once again, don't expect the beautiful turquoise color of Cancun. There were some nice waves, and alot of people had rafts which they floated on in the ocean. They can be purchased in the gift shop for $12. Day Trips - We met with our tour rep. the day after we arrived, and he went over all of the outings. We didn't go on any, as none of them seemed worth the money, and it appeared that he made up the price of the outing according to what he thought you were interested in (skimming some bucks for himself? Probably!). I heard that the sunset horseback riding on Macao beach was nice however. One thing I don't recommend to contact lense wearers though, is the four-wheeler tour. I was looking at pictures in the tour book and noticed that everyone was wearing a scarf over their face. When I asked why, the guy said that since everybody is following behind each other, there was a lot of sand being kicked up in people's faces. As any contact lense wearer would know, getting sand in your eyes is not fun! A pair of goggles would be recommended if you really want to do this.Restaurants - Where should I begin... If you are someone that is coming from a big city and are spoiled with good food all of the time, you will not enjoy the food here. Let me just say, you will not be gaining any weight on this trip. We found the food to be completely tasteless. Breakfast - The breakfast buffet was huge but serves the exact same food everyday, and unfortunately, there was nothing very appetizing to be had. Most of the food was very, very greasy, and the large variety of breads were very dry. They serve goat milk in your coffee, and I imagine with your cereal, if you choose to have any. They have an omlette station, but you may want to ask the guy not to drop a ladle full of oil on the grill before making yours. I had one on the first day, and it was so oily, I coudn't eat it. They also have a sandwich press, which most people were using to make their own mystery meat and cheese sandwiches in, for breakfast. We had this a couple of times, but by day three, that became tiresome. We found the only edible foods at breakfast were the fresh fruit, especially the pineapple, and the fresh juices, which were pretty good. We also usually had some goat milk coffee and a dry, flavorless sweet bread, so that we wouldn't be hungry all morning. Another word of advice: be careful when taking fruit from the bottom of the serving tray. There is usually some water in there, which we orginally thought was juice from the fruit, but thirty minutes later found out otherwise, as we were running for the bathroom. So, be sure to grab fruit from the top of the pile, as they clearly do not dry out their containers. Lunch - Best meal of the day, so fill up!! We never went to the buffet lunch, as we assumed it would be a repeat of the breakfast buffet, but the grill restaurant serves up some slightly more edible fare, and you can wear your swimsuit. The rotisserie chicken, was pretty good. If you grab a roll, you can take your chicken apart and make a nice sandwich. They also serve hamburgers and fries, so kids will be happy. And, there are some other things there, but nothing good enough to write about. After a week of this though, I don't think I will be eating chicken or pineapple for a very long time.Dinner - Out of the three a la carte restaurants - Chinese, Italian, and the Grill, we thought the Italian restaurant was the best, until I found a large unidentifiable black bug crawling through the food on the appetizer table. Since it was so dark in there, I couldn't tell what kind of bug it was, but disgusting no less. This was hopefully just a rare occurence. Also, don't expect any of these ethnic foods to taste anything like they would back home. It is obvious that the chefs have absolutely no idea what these types of food should taste like, and they must be well aware of this, as they kept refusing a Chinese family reservations, at the Chinese restaurant. We really would've liked to have heard their opinions on this food! Although this made it a kind of an interesting and comical experience, the food was terrible. The desserts are the same in all of the restaurants, everyday. There is also the buffet restaurant for dinner, which we ended up at a couple of times because we left the other restaurants part way through the dinner, in hopes to find something better to eat. Luckily, you don't need a reservation for the buffet. Out of the whole week, the French buffet was the best (each day they post which ethnic food will served the following day). They had a fondue station set up, where they cooked beef and chicken on skewers, and had about 15 different kinds of sauce to dip them in. I think everybody realized that this was the best food they were going to have all week, so the line became very long for this item. Service - what service? We found that unless you are a Spanish speaker, forget about getting any good service. Even though we threw out a few phrases here and there, and also left a tip, this did not net us any better service. It is not that the employees are laid back, as described in other reviews, it is that they are completely unorganized, and have no idea how a real restaurant should be operated. Every evening, we had about 5 different people waiting on our table. The host who seated us, took our order, another brought us water (only once I might add, unless we flagged them over), another brought us wine, another served our appetizer etc etc.. Since they were all doing a little bit of everything, every evening turned out to be some kind of circus, with all of the staff sporadically walking about doing a little of this and a little of that. The service in the buffet restaurant is practically nonexistent. The tables were always missing something, either napkins, forks, or glasses. Guests were walking around swiping items off of other tables, so that they could eat. And, although they are supposed to serve you beverages, most people were walking over to the bar to get themselves a drink, as it's a lot quicker. To top things off, I did not find the employees to be overly friendly either. Most of them looked like they were bothered to be working around all of us, service with a smile? Not! Out of the whole week, I seen maybe 3 friendly employees. And, tips are definitely not appreciated, except for the guys at the beach bar. We gave them a couple dollars each day and they always remembered us when we came back for a refill. Speaking of refills, as in other reviews, definitely bring insulated mugs with you. This way you don't have to keep going back to the bar, as the cups are very small.Nightlife - Typical cheesy shows that you would see at any other resort, which takes place every evening at 9:30. With nothing else to do, pretty much everybody goes there to see them. The dance club, which is primarily for the young crowd over 18, opens at 11:30, and is mildly entertaining, for about 20 minutes. Then, there is a game room, where all of the kids under 18 hang out. They have fusball (sp?) and a pool table, as well as a snack bar. A small slot machine room, with about 20 machines, is next to the game room. My husband won a little over $60 on the 5 cent machines, but that must have been a really rare occurence, since the employee working there had trouble filling out the paperwork for the pay off. Oh, and he didn't even get the whole amount of his winnings, since they don't have any small bills. As it was only a couple of dollars it was no big deal, but still... One night, we ventured over to the Breezes hotel next door to check out the grounds, and to go to their casino. Their casino was small, but they had some table games, which was fun for a while. Souevenirs - complete junk. A good 15 minute walk down the beach, you will find some tents set up where the local people sell their wares. Each stand sells the exact, I mean exact, same items. As soon as you approach their area, they will all start coming after you to try and drag you into their tent. Don't plan on getting out of there quickly. The only thing of interest in those stands were the oil paintings, which they were trying to sell at exorbitant prices. Bargaining is definitely a must, and don't let up when they refuse your offer. As soon as you say you're going to look at the other stands and come back, they will give you your price, since they know that you will probably not come back. We walked away with a couple of nice paintings, but not without a lot of bargaining, which can be kind of stressful if you're not used to that type of thing. If you don't feel like going to their stands, don't worry, they will come to you. Every friday evening, the hotel brings these same vendors on-site. They are conveniently set up outside of the restaurants, so you will definitely be heckled on your way to dinner. The items in the gift shop are uninteresting and overpriced. And, if you want to buy a candybar or something, they are $3 each. Personally, I would have been embarassed to bring back anything from there and give it to somebody as a souvenir. And, don't expect to find anything better in the airport gift shop on your way home, it's the same stuff. The duty-free shop is an absolute joke as well, there's hardly anything in there. For your flight back - I highly recommend bringing some extra snacks with you. They are selling little cans of peanuts for $6 in the airport, as well as other snacks that are ridiculously overpriced. And ladies, be careful, the airport employees will look through your purse as you pass through security. Two guys will take everything out of your purse, so watch your money if you have anything loose bills in there. It's almost like they try to distract you by having two guys looking through your bag at once. And not surprisingly, they only seem to want to look inside of purses, not the carry-on bags....Anyway, there it is. It's not bad if you just want to go lay on the beach everyday, and you take along the extra things mentioned in the reviews.  Would we go there again? Noway. Our advice, go to Mexico, they know how it's done over there! Feel free to email me if you want anymore details, or have any questions. If it's too late to turn back on the resort, don't be put off by our review. We're just one opinion of thousands, so you may just have a great time!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2004
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good place Overall it was a great experience. The staff was friendly, the place was clean, the beach is beautiful and the price was fantastic. The food is abundant and I enjoyed the Asian restaurant on the premises. There was always activities going on. The only negative experience was when I rented the safe. Antonio Nuå¸½ez, a worker at the front desk RIPPED ME OFF!!!!! The price quoted for the safe was $20 USD/week, I only needed if for 4 days, but I assumed 20 was the minimum, however, he wrote me a receipt for 360 RD Pesos which using the hotel exchange rate is only 12 USD (or $3 USD/day for the safe). So the scumbag pocketed the money. The was the only negative experience of the resort. There is a shopping center on the beach about a 10 minute walk from the hotel. They are very aggressive and one was even insulting and started swearing, but you can still get good deals. Everything is marked up 300-400%.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>I love to travel 2006
<Content>Just Okay My family and I where at the Grand Paradise in early August, over all we had a good time but there were a few things I did not like.1. The hotel runs out of towels early, If you want towels you need to keep checking all day.2. the cups at the bars are small. bring some insulated cups.3. If you want a Palapa at the beach, you either have to get up at 5:30 a.m or 6:00 a.m. to reserve one, or you can do what I did, do it after dinner, I never got up early, and the Palapa was waiting for us the next day.4. do not eat in the rooms, the ants come in and they crawl all over the room.5. The pools are dirty, they need to do a better job cleaning them. they also don't have but 2 or 3 umbrellas by the pool which it's bad, the sun is brutal.The food was okay, we would tip the waiter before not after and they give you better service. Leo was great.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time at Grand Paradise I was in Punta Can from 8/26/04 to 8/31/04. I went with 2 other girlfriends and we had a wonderful time. Everyone was very nice even to those of us who didn't know the language. They were very accommodating. They all expressed how much they loved their jobs and it showed. They offered free horseback riding twice a day and it was very nice. I would recommend you walk down the beach about a half a mile to visit the little shops, the prices at the resort were very high. I was told this was one of the better resorts in the area and I agree. The rooms were cleaned every day. They stocked the fridge when it was low and moped the entire room each morning. The beach was awesome and there are 2 huge pools on the resort along with a small kiddy pool and a hot tub. I was very impressed with the grounds. Everything was very well kept. It was great!!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You get what you pay for We stayed at this hotel Aug.23 - Aug.30. We paid $2289 for 2 adults and a child which was the best deal we could find. Right away, I'll say we got our money's worth. However, I would only recommend this hotel to people that are strictly looking for some relaxing beach time, as there is not much there otherwise. It's perfect for families with kids, but don't expect much entertainment. The beach is beautiful, clean, clear water. There seems to be plenty of shade, BUT all chairs in the shade are gone before 7 am. My husband and I actually took turns to put our towels out at night, as we didn't want to get up too early in the morning. I found it helpful to have our own towels, as the hotel never had enough.The rooms are very basic, but well air-conditioned, with great shower. Always plenty of hot water. However, be careful in the bathtub as our bathroom was very poorly lit and you could't see anything. Also, they never gave us enough towels despite the fact that we tipped our cleaning lady $3 a day. Although she always stocked up our fridge with bottled water and soft drinks, which are free (a nice touch that you don't usually get in the all-inclusive resorts). I only wish they'd use vacuum for the floors. They clean tile floors with a wet mop, which doesn't get rid of the sand. We didn't care that our room had no view, but we liked it's llocation. It was on the 1st floor, very close to the beach exit and away form the pool, restaurants and other activities. I highly recommend to ask for a quiet room (ours was 5122) because you woulds't be able to rest otherwise. People tend to party into the wee hours and it gets very noisy at night. Also, they have roll-away beds. We got one for our son, but you really have to ask for it in advance as they don't have enough.Food: plentiful and nicely presented, BUT if you watch your carbs and prefer high protein diet, you'll be very dissapointed. I could not eat their meat and poultry. Even cheese and lancheon meats tasted funny. We had to stick with mostly starches: pasta, rice and potatoes, as well as fruits. Also, their sweet breads at breakfast and desserts were absolutely delicious. So, forget your Atkins diet for a week and you'll be OK. If you go to the Asia or Italian restaurants, expect the food quality of a take-out or a mall food court. The service was always great, though. A bit slow, but no other complaints. We tipped $2 at the buffet at lunch and dinner and $5 at the restaurants. Also, $1 tip goes a long way at the bar, as far as speedy service as well as the amount of alcohol.One more suggestion: stay away from the front desk. Try not to deal with them unless you absolutely have to. They couldn't be more clueless about good customer service, especially if they have to provide it in English. The majority of the hotel guests are European, so prepare to do a lot of second hand smoking. There is no non-smoking anything and you'll inhale smoke anywhere you go.Overall, a good value for your money.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay for the money but a few tips I have gotten a minute since my vacation so I figured I would share my info. We went through cheap carribean where we paid 599 for all inclusive 7 days, which was cheaper then average we heard. If you do not want to spend more then this you do not have to. Tipping and excursions are optional. ME my boyfirned and my mother came prpared with lots of singles to ip since we had read that you would recieve better service though I did not see this.The bus ride there the tour guide gives you a sob story how hes had a baby and has no money I would have tipped without this. We had no problem when we got there checking in, the staff does there best to speak english though we were the monority. The room was not ready upon arrival after 3 pm which is check in but was in teh process. We tipped the maid 5 dollars US, from what we had heard we thought this woud l mean extra services such as towels and beer in the mini bar but no. On most days teh room wasn't cleaned by a reasonable time and often tehre were not enough towels, the room was ok though.The beach is beautiful and can make you forget any negatives however wake up early. If it wasnt for my mother who woke up at 6 am everyday we would not have gotten chairs in teh shade which is necessary.The food was ok at the buffet some weird things that they try and pass off as common food but all in all ok. The service however in the italian however was horriable, we were ignored , and left before dessert cuase we had already been there almost 2 hours, those who speak spanish do get better treatment we noticed. You must make reservations at teh italian , chinese and grill for dinner, you must go at 6:30 and tell them when you are going back, you cannot make them earlier or in advance, and they will not take you unless you have resos until 9:30. we did not try the chinese and only went to teh grill once which is supposedly teh best.We went on an excursion to an island and mountain village. IT WAS NT WORTH IT. it starts at 6 am and you return at 6 pm, while teh village is nice teh island is nasty it smelled, and we were not given snorkling as promised. We did also purchase snorkling tour which was awsome. Bring bread teh fish will eat out of your hand.THIS is a beautiful island and for a budget vacay it was nice, if you have money go for a better hotel if you dont care and just want a beautifual and relaxing trip this will do .  
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No complaints My wife, two kids and I just returned from a week at Grand Paradise. Everything was great. We had two large, well-maintained rooms. The food was very good and plentiful. The grounds were immaculate and the staff was very friendly. I don't remember seeing a bug the whole time we were there- no mosquitos, nothing. It's true that the guests were mostly European, but that just made our stay all the more interesting.Even if the price had not been ridiculously low, I would still enthusiastically recommend this place to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Gran(d) Paradise? I Think not... I will start off by saying I'd never revisit this resort... EVER! Was a patron Aug 7 - 14/04. I also believe that was the general consensus after speaking with and hearing numerous other patrons say the same. RESORT/ACCOMODATIONS - The grounds are nice and clean and the rooms are only OK. Fine, so I'm not there to enjoy the plain room with a squeaky bed that felt like it would break. Or the TV with no remote (have to get from front desk), or the clostrophobic washroom, or the fact that there was no alarm clock in the room or anywhere on the resort. I only found one at the activity desk. Bring a watch. You like running water in your room? I sure do BUT everytime it rained out (3 times) we lost all running water in our rooms. I was very upset with soap still in my hair one occasion. Front desk very unsympathetic. Hung up on us first time we called to complain. Plus, there's no real shower head. Hand held with no water pressure. Safes are $19US per week, get from front desk. One night, the A/C just shut off on us completely. Wanted anything, it'll cost ya was the general feeling we got. Make sure to pack all of your own lotions  potions. Gift shop sold suntan lotion for $25 US! My boyfriend was fine and didn't get upset like I did with anything, till the last day. The straw that broke this camel's back was when he called for the bell boy to pick up our luggage day of departure. One hour and another phone call later, no bell boy. Front desk told us to just leave the bags and go about the morning. Had breakfast and checked out. Still no bags in the lobby. Asked front desk. They told him to talk to the bell boy. Asked the bell boy, he said talk to front desk. Told the bell boy front desk directed us here so the bell boy asked for our room key (which we didn't have as we already checked out). Then had to go back to front desk and get the key. By this time, we were fed up and went to get our own luggage. Lugged the heavy weight down three flights of stairs then the bell boy with a cart sauntered along. Insists on taking our bags (sure after the hard part is over) and expected a tip! Just as we got to the lobby our car pulled up to take us to the airport. If we had left it up to them, our luggage would never have came and we would have missed our ride! Professional...BEACH - I'm there in Punta Cana for the beach which was very beautiful. The softest sand and clearest water. Didn't have much litter anywhere as there were staff constantly picking up empty glasses and such. Don't park yourself closer to the bar/beach grill area of the beach. The smokers sit there and there are butts everywhere (disgusting). As mentioned, beautiful beach but this resort did nothing to help you enjoy it. Beach chairs were scarse unless you wake up at 6:30AM to throw your towels on them and reserve them for the day. If you're forced to place a chair between huts, when facing the water, place chair to right of hut. Sun will move over  give you shade later. Many chairs throughout the day were left empty but reserved with a towel. I was tempted to throw their towels to the side. If you want clean beach towels, NO LUCK! We only had ours exchanged 2 times the whole time there although we tried daily. I heard one lady complain she had the same dirty towel for 5 days!! Unacceptable for a beach resort. Want to soak in the pool instead? Sure if you want to soak with dead bugs and a guy scrubbing the pool while you're in it during the day. Why didn't he do it after hours?!?FOOD - Everything was overly salty! food was always plentiful although not satisfying. I didn't go hungry but let me tell you, you long for home cookin after day 3. Drink lots of water (Aqua). Although your room's mini bar was stocked with water, it's a 4L jug. We were forced to empty Sprite bottles to use for water. Couldn't find bottled water ANYWHERE on the resort. Tried and were sent on a wild goose chase to no avail. Says the A La Cartes are no reservation required. Not entirely true. You have to show up at 6:30pm day of to make a reservation for a dinner sometime that night. Want lobster? Not this resort unless you pay extra $39 US per person. Tuesdays only. ICK! - Is all I can say for the seafood night at the buffet. Most all the food gives you lots of Rumblies (feelings of needing to go #2) and a major case of the Squishies (diarrhea). Bring Immodium!ACTIVITIES - you can play a few sports on land ie badminton, volleyball, ping pong, etc. Says free one hour horse back riding. When you go to book, it's really only worth 30 min on the ranch. You have to reserve the day before going and there is usually no availability. They try to upsell you to a more alluring beach side trail for 1 to 2hrs starting at $35US per person. Or go to the water activity centre. Most all non motorized watersports are free but not as fun. Parasailing $40 US ea. Snorkeling free in roped area for 1hr. You're charged rental fee if you go over with any of their equipment. Roped in swimming/snorkeling area not much corel but bring bread  bananas and the fish will follow. Scheduled snorkeling trips starting at $25 US ea. Although they just take you past the roped area. You feel ripped off just to venture past that line! You see the same fish! Don't do it on your own, you'll be mowed down by reckless boat drivers. Life jackets were old, musty  moldy. Do you want this next to your skin?EXCURSIONS - when you book, make sure you're at the lobby at least 15mins before scheduled departure. Sometimes buses are early or late. But they only give you a 3 - 5min MAX grace period to get on. You're not there, they leave not to return! One lady said she waited an hour and her bus didn't even come to pick them up although the excursion was prebooked  paid. We wanted to Scuba Dive. Divers were all taken to same areas as the snorkelers. Save your money, book a snorkeling trip instead. Better, yet, snorkel free! You see the same fish. Recommend the Marinarium - You snorkel with sharks  stingrays. Although poor things are confined in a 30 by 30 ft net you swim in for only 15mins. Rest of trip is snorkeling in shallow coral. But it was the staff and music that made it worth the $70 US ea. They're upbeat  lively. Go to Manati Park$25 US ea. Wonderful zoo. Upon arrival they hand you a parrot/monkey/snake or lizard. Take your pic and try to sell it to you for $8 ea. TIP: walk through the animal areas. Staff will let you take pics with pretty much any animals for a tip. They need the money more than the zoo does. I even went to the stables and rode a pony. DO NOT book the deep sea fishing!!! They take you on a boat, don't let you cast the line. Place the rod in a holder so you can stare at this stick. IF you get a bite, they reel it in for you. You can't keep the fish. OR even take any pictures on this boat. They have an onboard photographer to take pix and sell them back to you later (which are low quality, high prices). Cost $90 US per person. Nobody caught anything. Everyone napped from boredom. One guy noted it was a very expensive nap. Very rocky, take gravol!FLEA MARKETS/VENDORS - They ask for outrageous prices. They wanted $100 US for a bracelet  a photo album. They wanted $65 US for a boat made of string, screws and a cow horn. $35 US for a bottle of rum! Everything can be perchased for a 1/3 of the original asking price. BUT you still feel ripped off. I mean, I don't mind paying for an item, but when you know people make $250 US approx per month, they're asking for the equivalent of hundreds from us. When I get the feeling I'm being HUSTLED, I just don't want to buy!!! And the vendors are quite forward, at times you feel pressured and hounded.There will be people on the resort asking for like 5 mins of your time to give some info on saving money on the resort booking. DON'T be fooled like us. Not 5 mins but an hour and then some later, we were deep into their time-share promotions. You felt pressure to buy buy buy! They tell you that you can have the option of up to 20yrs to use up your vacation weeks. My question, running this resort the way they did, what makes them think they'll be in business for another 5 years at best?!?Anything nice to say? - I got a good tan... Don't get me wrong. I sound like the biggest complainer. I still loved the vacation and mostly the one I was with (XOXO) BUT everything I enjoyed had nothing to do with the property itself.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Grand Paradise, know before you go. Before we left home we did some research and learned about some of the problems with reservations and check-in and then called the Grand Paradise two weeks before the trip. The reservation office told me we had no reservations even though I had the confirmation numbers so I just called the travel company and they straightened it out with the hotel. I also telephoned the hotel again the day before we left and again confirmed our reservations, room view and bed requests. Note: The guest rooms are located in several different buildings with three floors each and no elevators. Consider this when requesting your room location if someone in your group has a problem with the stairs. We also learned the preferred currency is US Dollars and brought more cash than I usually like to travel with, especially one-dollar bills for tips. Upon arrival at the Punta Cana Airport we were given the opportunity to be photographed (you will see the pictures when you leave a week later) and then purchased Visitor Cards for $10 cash each. The price is posted in USD like most of the prices we saw during our stay. After completing the Customs and Immigrations formalities we entered the arrivals area and told someone from one of the taxi desks we were going to the Grand Paradise and they told us which of the busses was going there next. The price is set at $26 for your group. We had four people in our group and lots of luggage so I tipped the driver for helping me with it. The ride is about 30 minutes. At the hotel, some of the staff was involved in an argument with some very angry guests who said they had reservations but the hotel had no rooms for them. My previous telephone calls turned out to be a good investment because the desk manager on duty was the person I called the previous day and he remembered me so we had no problems with check-in. They issued us magnetic keycards, towel cards (more about them later) and plastic color-coded bracelets you have to wear during your stay so they know you are a guest at that hotel and whether or not you are over 18 (the age required to be served alcohol and get into the disco.) I also got a lock for the room safe, which costs $20 to rent for your stay.The swimming pool is nice. There is a desk adjacent to the pool bar that exchanges the towel cards for blue towels to use at the pool and the beach but beware; they do not have enough for all the guests. If you do not get your towels by about 9 AM, you arenéˆ¥æª› going to get one. Some people brought their own but we requested extra towels from the maid and used them. (I tipped the maid $2 a day so I didnéˆ¥æª› have any problems getting the towels.) Both the swimming pool and the beach are closed to guests after 7 PM. The beach is really beautiful and the water is clear. There is a marked swimming area for snorkeling or use of the other non-motorized equipment you can check out from the Aquatics Desk on the beach. There are not enough recliners on the beach for the guests so again, get yours early. Most people put their towels or other items on a recliner for the day and then came and went as they pleased. Be aware the pool area is not topless but the beach is. There are four restaurants at the hotel. Two are specialty restaurants, one Chinese and one Italian. They are only open after 6:30 PM and have dress codes. Beach attire, shorts, tank tops, etc. are not permitted. The Chinese restaurant was not too popular and seating was readily available. The Italian restaurant was very popular and you have to know the system to get a seat. Hereéˆ¥æªš how it works: you stand in line until the doors open at 6:30 PM on the night you want to eat there. At this time you can either eat or make a reservation for later that evening. No, you cannot make a reservation for another night. The food at these restaurants was okay but nothing to write home about. Adjacent to the two restaurants mentioned above is the La Laguna Buffet. It serves breakfast, lunch and dinner buffets. The dress code applies at dinner. The peak dinner period seemed to be about 8:00 PM but the wait was minimal. There was no problem getting seating at other times of the day. We thought the food was pretty good. There was always a large selection to choose from and we always found something we liked. The fourth restaurant is the La Cana restaurant on the beach. It serves lunch and dinner buffets but it is smaller with fewer selections however the dress code does not apply there.Tour operators are located on the second floor of the lobby with many to choose from. We wanted to go snorkeling and the Coco Tours representative, Abis, recommended a half-day tour of the Marinarium, an enclosure in the ocean where they have several Nurse Sharks and Stingrays penned in. If you really want to snorkel and look at marine life DO NOT TAKE THIS TOUR!!! It is billed as éˆ¥æ¸n incredible once-in-a-lifetime experience where you can snorkel with sharks and stingrays.éˆ¥?Abis told us repeatedly this is primarily a snorkeling trip and that the operators provided masks, snorkels and fins but if we had our own equipment we were welcome to use it. The facts are we paid $70 per person to ride on a bus for an hour picking up guests from several other hotels. We then boarded the boat and motored out to the Marinarium enclosures a few hundred meters off shore where we learned not only did they not provide fins to the guests, they refused to allow those of us that brought fins to use them. They anchored the boat about 100 meters from the enclosures and expected everyone to swim against the ocean current to the pens with no fins. Needless to say, a lot of people didnéˆ¥æª› make it. Several of the older guests and none of the young children could make it. Families had to separate so one adult could stay on the boat with their children. I made it to the pens and saw the sharks and rays but it was a real workout and there was no opportunity to enjoy the view. They planned for us to snorkel for 45 minutes and then opened the bar. The crew served unlimited beer and rum drinks for the rest of the afternoon while we slowly motored down the coast to a shallow area about a meter deep. There, the guests had the opportunity to wade in the shallow water while a crewmember waded in with a tray of drinks. The crew then motored back to the shore serving drinks along the way. Just when we thought it was finally over, we discovered our bus had to wait for the rest of the boats to return, this was about 40 minutes and then another hour for the ride back to the Grand Paradise. We left the hotel at 12:20 PM and returned at about 7:30 PM. This tour is little more than a very expensive booze-cruise, which is fine if thatéˆ¥æªš what you want to do but we paid the $280 to spend the afternoon snorkeling, not riding up and down the coast drinking. I arranged a couple of SCUBA dives through the Aquatics Desk at the hotel and discovered they also take people snorkeling. I donéˆ¥æª› know the price but it has to be cheaper than the booze-cruise and, of course, you can use your fins. The diving was not the best Iéˆ¥æªe ever seen but good and worth the $45 per dive I spent. There are several nearby dives sites in the area you can choose from as well as a full day trip to an area called éˆ¥æ·atalinaéˆ¥? This is supposed to be the best diving in the area but the trip only leaves on Tuesday and Friday. The dive shop is well equipped in case you need gear.The shopping area is called the Plaza Bavaro and is about 15 minutes away by taxi which the front desk can call; the fare is set at $12. The market is a large area on each side of the street catering primarily to tourists. Bargaining is expected and some of the merchants start the bargaining at ridiculous amounts. The currency of choice is still the US Dollar but I was told they also accept Canadian Dollars, Euros and British Pounds. I saw ATM machines advertising access to most of the usual ATM networks but was told they are not reliable and dispense Dominican Republic Pesos when they do work. Most of the merchants advertise that they accept credit cards but when we tried to use one their machine indicated our credit card was not valid (our account is in good order.) I think either the merchantéˆ¥æªš equipment cannot communicate with the network reliably or they really donéˆ¥æª› want to accept the cards. Taxi drivers wait just outside the market so getting a ride back to the hotel is no problem but you must stick with the tan-colored éˆ¥æ·ªiutraturaléˆ¥?taxis. The return home was fairly uneventful. The front desk will send a porter for your baggage if you like and will call a taxi. In our case, we requested a van and got one. Allow extra time at the airport for very slow check-in because they do not have X-ray equipment for the baggage and the security personnel must manually inspect your bags before you can check them. You will then proceed through Immigration and turn in the remaining half of your Tourist Card and proceed through the X-ray equipment for your self and carry-on bags. When you enter the departure area, you will see the photographs that were taken a week earlier when you arrived and have the chance to purchase them for $6 each. This part of the terminal did not seem to be air-conditioned but the gates are located on a slightly lower level and was cooler.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great trip! Arrival: We arrived on time, and as expected the room wasnéˆ¥æª› ready. We were told to come back in 30 minutes, and in the meantime to go eat. It wasnéˆ¥æª› ready after about 45 minutes, so we had to wait a bit longer. When it was ready they asked us to wait for the bellhop to show us the room. This was annoying as while we left to eat we figured out where our room was on our own. We didnéˆ¥æª› let this get to us, though we tried not to deal with the front desk in the future. They did fix our shower quickly when my husband broke it.Weather: We were only caught in the rain once, in which a wonderful staff member grabbed our beach bag and took it under the bar to keep it dry. I would say that rained 3 of the 7 days we were there. The rain didnéˆ¥æª› last long, and was refreshing. Most of the time it was sunny, and when it was cloudy we appreciated a break from the sun.Room: The room was nice. We got both the oceanview we requested, as well as the kingsize bed. It was always clean, and we didnéˆ¥æª› have any problems with bugs. The maid seemed to appreciate the gifts and tips we left her. Some she liked more than others, which was obvious from the extras she left for us (flowers in the room, etc).Service: We liked the overall service, but we did notice that the earlier you go to eat the better. There are less people, and therefore you get better service. We did leave tips, and although I donéˆ¥æª› know if that helped in the service, the staff did learn our favourites very quickly. Sometimes the pool bar was crowded, so you just need to have patience. They do work really hard.Food: At breakfast we found it hard to get coffee, so I would recommend going to the sports bar first to get your caffeine kick. The food at breakfast was good, although repetitive. It is definitely worth the wait in line to get freshly cooked eggs, omlettes, crepes, etc. They also have the best doughnuts I have ever eaten. Warm, fresh, and scrumptious.For lunch we preferred going to La Cana, as La Laguna served some of the sames things offered at supper. For supper we ate mostly at La Laguna, however we did try La Cana, and the Italian place too. The service is so much better, and we didnéˆ¥æª› have any problems with the reservation system. At La Laguna I avoided the rice because one night I found a piece of shell in the food. Everything else was great. They offer different themes every night, so we found there was a lot of variety.Beach/Pool: Both were gorgeous. I have read/heard that at the beach you need to reserve your spots early, but we figured we were on vacation and we werenéˆ¥æª› getting up early to partake in that. We would get there around 9 AM or later, and could usually find at least one spot partially in the shade. Our last 2 days we lucked out and got completely under the umbrella things. The water was fairly warm, and some days were more rough than others. Not so much so that you canéˆ¥æª› enjoy yourself though. We found the beach was taken well care of, and always looked better than Breezes next door.Shade at the pool doesnéˆ¥æª› really exist, and the water is too warm to be refreshing. I enjoyed it though. There are 2 large pools, one of which activities are held in. The other pool is much quieter, which is where we spent our time when at the pool. While we werenéˆ¥æª› there much, it did seem to be clean.Evening shows: We went to about 4 evening shows. They are fairly good. I like the shows that involve the crowd more, but most of the shows we saw were dancing/singing. Between dances though, one of the animators usually did a comedy sketch which made it more interesting. We never made it to the disco.Activities: There seemed to be a lot of activities going on everyday, although they were repetitive. For example there is always a dance lesson, spanish lesson, aerobics, volleyball, etc. We didnéˆ¥æª› get that involved, but we did enjoy the activities we chose to participate in. On the negative side, some of the games were on the sexual side so if you are travelling with teenagers, you might want to be aware of that.Grounds/other resort comparisons: GP is fairly small, which is why we liked it so much. The only other resorts we liked the looks of were Secrets, and one of the Iberostars (I donéˆ¥æª› remember which). I didnéˆ¥æª› like the look of Breezes or Bahia Principe. The grounds at GP seemed well taken care of. Some days the pond had a fairly foul odour, but they were always taking care of it.Language: We had no problems with language whatsoever at this resort. The only time we noticed problems was at the Punta Cana airport on the way home.Areas for improvement: One of the things I didnéˆ¥æª› like was that there were no maps or anything to direct us. Yes, it is a small resort but it is still nice to know where things are. Oh, and the front desk could be more receptive/helpful.Outback Safari: This trip was $75 each. We enjoyed ourselves, and are glad we went. We were able to see more of the culture this way. We started by going to a sugar cane field, where we tasted sugar cane and learned about it. After we went to a cigar factory, which my husband enjoyed more than I did. From that point we went to Mariaéˆ¥æªš house, so we could see a éˆ¥æ¦¯ypicaléˆ¥?house. We tasted some of her produce, and bought some as well éˆ¥?although I liked the coffee (etc) that we bought elsewhere. For lunch we went to a ranch where we had a great lunch and a short horseback riding experience. The horses are fairly thin, and spent a lot of the time stopping to eat/drink/rest. We enjoyed ourselves, but it did seem they were overworked. The last part of the day was spent on a beach. Overall I am glad we went on the trip, however in hindsight it is worth maybe $40 each. I found that we spent most of the time travelling from place to place, and it seemed we were rushed at some points. However, I am still glad we took this tour.Overall: We enjoyed our stay, and would recommend this resort.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had a great holiday Me and my boyfriend stayed at Grand Paradise Bavaro from the 22nd of July - 5th of August, this was our first time to the Carribean.We arrived at the hotel at 2.30pm and waited about half an hour to check-in and were then given our key to our room. At first we were a bit dissappointed as our room had no sea or pool view as it faced the front grounds of the hotel (room 1101) however it was a very quiet place to be. The rooms were big and comfortable and we had no problems at all regarding them.The complex itself was lovely the grounds were beautiful and well kept.Restaurants:The food was quite good however although I am a fussy eater there was food to cater for everyone especially in the main buffet restaurant where they had speciality nights; French, Mexican, English etc.Our favourite was the Chinese restaurant as the food and service was brilliant. We went to the Italian a couple of times which was quite nice also however the service was not as good.We only visited the grill restaurant the once and were not very impressed as the food wasnt anything special and the service was poor. Beach  pool:The beach is absolutely gorgeous however it does get extremely busy and if you want a shade you have to be up really early to put your towels out I was up at 7am one morning and they were all gone, I think people must put them out at night!!We spent most of our time by the pool which was a bit cooler and more bearable than the beach, there were always plenty of beds around the pool however very litlle shade.Entertainment:During the day there was the Kiko team by the pool who organised a variety of activities like beach volleyball, beach games, aqua aerobics, the team could be quite pushy to get you to join in with these activities however they did look good fun!In the evenings there are shows on in the Theatre we went to a few and they were amazing it was mainly dancing and music but the dancers were brilliant definately worth seing.Drinking:There are a few bars to go to in the evening we mainly went to the balcony bar above the reception they played nice music and sometimes had singers in the atmosphere was very relaxed here, Maria behind the bar was very funny as she used to break out into a song as she was serving you or just leave the bar to go and dance.Be aware of the drinks as they can be lethal as the cocktails contained about 4 units of alcohol each even though they were nice you'd regret drinking them in the morning!!!Towels:They provide beach towels for you by the pool however I would advise you to take your own as they never had any when we went they always said come back in five minutes and this could carry on for most of the day, in the end we gave up trying.Overall our holiday was great the weather was quite good with a few showers here and there, we made friends with a lovely family and thoroughly enjoyed our stay there - just a shame we had to come home!!We would definately go back to the Dom Rep again!!!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Plain Bad! We booked a trip to stay at Grand Paradise in August and found out when we got to Punta Cana that they overbooked and were taken to another hotel, which we did not know about. This was done under the direction of Grand Paradise. At the other hotel, we were abandoned with our luggage, only to find out that they had no reservations for us or rooms. We had no one to call and had no idea what to do. To make things short, we had to get on the first flight back to the US. Once back in the US I called Grand Paradise to find out what happened and I kept being connected to someone who didn't speak English. This was by far the worst experience of my life and I would strongly recommend not going to a hotel that does business this way.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I LOVED IT SO MUCH THAT I CRIED THE DAY I LEFT AND I STILL CRY WHEN I AM AT HOME I just got back on saturday july 31 2004.I went there with my mom,brother,grandma and uncle.We stayed there for 8 days.I wished i staryed there for 7 more.the staff there were the nicest most friendliest people.especially mateio and ricki.They work at the pool and dance in the shows!!!The entertainment is excellent.The disco is so fun!The food is great!Please tell mateio and ricki that i said hi!!!they know my name!it's candace!!!I love you mateio and ricki!!!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We would Not Return... sorry We tried this place out for a 'romantic' relaxing week vacation in January over New Years. I have been meaning to write a review... has so much to say... but time has passed, and I'll make it brief.We came to the 'resort' with eager smiles, ready to deal with the difficult customer service we read about on this site, but ready for some sunshine and relaxation. Unfortunately, this was at times a very trying and frustrating vacation. I would not recommend this resort nor will we return.The front desk was miserable. Although we smiled much, and I did everything as recommended from others on tripadvisor, wrote an email in advance, booked a King Bed with Ocean View in advance, called in advance and even spoke to them in Spanish, they were absolutely rude. We had no room available for us upon arrival. We of course waited calmly, then got a room with a view of a donkey and a DIRT ROAD. After daily discussions (valuable POOL/BEACH time) with the front desk, we still did not get a new room for 3 days. Finally we moved, but the room still had a lame view but at least had a Queen bed and not 2 doubles.The ocean was constantly windy, so most had to lay by the pool... but you have to literally get up at like 7am to assure decent chairs, or chairs at all. The drinks are free, but very sweet filled with strange concoctions... took about a week to get it right. Food was actually pretty bad. I know it is an all-inclusive, but we were sick to our stomachs 1/2 the time, and we tried to eat all the 'right' things, no water/ice, etc. The restaurants are cheesy-cafeteria style. The hospitality staff hardly speaks English, they did not tell us where anything is, and there were no signs to get anywhere! I mean, we figured it out, but we really did not want to have to work on our one relaxing vacation, ya know?Just not much to do there, yucky food, beach too windy, rooms not too nice, and you are stuck at the hotel because nothing in surrounding areas is developed! They daytime excursions were the best deal and the best days ever-- if you are already booked, DO those!!! Especially the island trip, a wonderful day that was.If you are already booked, go with it, have fun, we still have great memories of being together, but would not recommend or go back!!If you are considering other islands, I would highly recommend going somewhere else, or another resort at least. I loved Barbados, Caymans, Keys, Brazil, Bahamas, etc., so much more!!!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>anutbrow
<Content>GRAND value for your money       One of the many shows  
<Date>Jul 25, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great vacation!       The beach  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AllanBarrie_Ontario
<Content>Beautiful anniversary at the Grand Paradise My wife and I celebrated our 30th wedding anniversary in Punta Cana, at the Grand Paradise Bavaro Resort for a week in November. We would definately highly recommend this resort to anyone. Punta Cana in our opinion has the best beach in the world! The food was good and plenty of it. A great variety to choose from. The only negative comment is that there were not enough help at the front desk to assist all the quests checking in and out, and things were a bit slow. The island tour with the Bavaro Runners, was very fun, and very informative.If you are looking for great rest and relaxation and a beach second to none, Punta Cana is the place to go!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Langostina
<Content>My heart is there........ I went to Gran Paradise, the first time, last summer and then every 2/3 months I back....I couldn't think to learn so much from those people. They are so friendly, lovely, funny, energetic....The place is wonderful, GP is not one of the biggest resort in Punta Cana but the rooms are comfortable, the service is very good and the staff....excellent!!! I would thanks my wonderful friends: Amauri, John Baby Face, Pantera, Alba, Ricky and Matteo (FORZA ITALIA) and my sweety love Victor....see you in a fews weeks baby!!!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average Hotel I visited the Grand Paradise Bavaro in May for a weekend. The grounds are average, not as gorgeous as over reviews have said. The room was great...building 3 and 6 are where you want to stay..building 1 is not so nice. The buffet restaurant was great. Italian was great too... The beach/grill restaurant was not very good. The staff was great, especially Leonie the wedding coordinator..I was there for a wedding...very nice job. I loved Punta Cana, but I would never go back to this resort again. Great price for a vacation, but if you are looking for more class, this resort is not for you.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Julia21
<Content>Great Trip I will never forget This place is great......When I read the reviews some people wrote, it made me a little uneasy! But we all had a great time.We went from June 13-June 20th 2004 with 7 people....(5 in their 20's and 2 parents!) Pool: GORGEOUS! The pool is huge....no pool bar but a bar is only a few steps away.....sometimes they could have done a better job clean the pool, but it was amazing!Beach: White sand and clear water.....Bavaro beach is the best I have ever been to! Not a lot of huts but there were plenty of lounge chairs....you dont need to wake up early to get one!Weather: Very hot and very beautiful! It rained on Wednesday for 15 minutes! Then, it got beautiful again!Food: We stuck to the Italian restaurant for most of the nights....(5 out of the 7 nights we were there)....The staff there are amazing....the food is great (Our clan was Italian and we were impressed!). The Buffet was good for breakfast and some dinners were okay, Asian...we heard it was good, but never went....and the Grill was good for fries, pasta (on one of the days) and chicken was good there too! Overall....food was okay....Amazing at the Italian!Service All around: The people at this resort are great...they are so eager to make your stay incredible....be nice to them and they will be nice to you! Maids gave enough towels....(sometimes a little late in the day, but be patient), the front desk staff was helpful, the waiters and waitresses were amazing and the bartenders were great!Drinks: beer was good, and there is a wide selection of drinks to choose from!BUGS: The reason why i give this place a 4 out of 5 is because there were ants in my room and I had to change rooms because of the ants....but the staff was kind enough to give me another room the very next morning! Lots of ants though, DO NOT EAT IN YOUR ROOM or they will come running!Overall: Great place and I would definitely recommend it....lots of young people and couples though....a few families too! Everyone is so nice there and it was just a great trip!E-mail me if you have questions! Have a great time!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thanks for the memories...               More photos  
<Date>Jun 23, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent! I had a marvelous time. We stayed @ the Grand Paradise in Bavaro from 6/11 - 6/18. The front desk personnel were very helpful...always being of service whenever I needed assistance. These guys work long hours for a monthly salary and they do their job because they love customer service. My maid was great - Miriam left me flowers, extra towels, I even got an iron when I requested it. I got into Michaelangel's  Asia's restaurant w/ no problem... just made my reservation like everyone else and enjoy a terrific meal. They even wanted my opinion on different dishes, pastas, etc. Overall, this hotel is very colorful, very friendly, and clean. I read some reveiws before heading out there and it was nothing like other people wrote about.......just the complete opposite. Hey I'm from New York City and I know how demanding New Yorkers can be.....they tried to please me in every way possible. I would definitely go back and I'm even considering buying vacation weeks @ this resort.I highly recommend this resort!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>walter_nyc
<Content>Bad food, bad service, no chairs, dirty pool If you know how it may have felt to live in Eastern Europe when it was communist and everything was rationed then go to the Ahmsa Marina.1. Food. The buffet is horrible. No healthy choices whatsoever. Who wants to eat heavy sauce in top of overcooked spaghetti in 120 degree weather ???. They do not provide bottled water in the buffet. Bring your own (get them by bribing the cleaning lady). The Italian restaurant and the restaurant by the beach were good (in theory you can go only once per stay, but tipping nicely goes a long way éˆ¥?2. Pool. Disgustingly dirty. Pina colada drinks floating in the pool for hours. 3. Beach. Beautiful beach but overcrowded, impossible to get chairs unless you wake up at 6 in the morning. Fist fights are not unusual over beach chairs. Stress free vacation??4. Bottled water. Almost impossible to get water bottle in the hotel. 5. Beach towels. They run out shortly after 10 am. 6. Entertainment. I did not have high hopes for entertainment in an all exclusive resort. But Ahmsa marina reaches a new low. 7. Kids Club. The staff was good and caring, and my kid had a good time there.Also my son got sick with travelers diarrhea (like many other guests), the doctor on service in the hotel was very good.There is a reason why this hotel is cheap.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5 stars*****  i would have to say this is one resort that i loved and i would go back again. the people there where very good they treateed you with so much respect. they made your have fun no matter if it was rainy. the food was great i had no problem, it was always clean, the disco was soo fun. it is some place if you want to have fun go to it. i miss everyone there RICARDO, VICTOR, MATT u guys made my week thank you hope to go back agian   
<Date>Jun 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxing Vacation       one of two pools (our room is in the background on 2nd floor)  
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sunstreak
<Content>An Amazing Time! (Jun 6-13/04) Hey Everyone,I just got back from a relaxing week-long vacation at the Grand Paradise.....the hotel grounds are well kept, the food is abundant and varied, the staff are always smiling and helpful, and the beach is absolutely beautiful!My only real complaint is that there was never enough water or towels in our room (we had 3 ppl), regardless of the number of times I put in a request to the front desk. Bring an extra towel or 2 and keep the empty water bottles from your room, cuz you can fill them up and any bar/restaurant, from the water coolers.Oh, one more thing.....unfortunately, they do not not make pina coladas or margaritas with crushed ice, as you may have had at other resorts, but they make up for it by making the drinks here strong!We got amazing service the whole time we were there (besides the fact that we tipped at the end of our trip - prolly would have made sense to tip earlier!! ;) )Do go see the nightly shows....the animation staff work hard all day to keep everyone happy and entertained and then these same guys and girls are dancing their hearts out onstage at night!! I missed the shows the first 2 nights I was there, and I really regret it now!Enjoy yourselves and bring some of their genuine love for life back with you!   
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mucho Paradise! Well I just got back from the Grand Paradise June 14 and had one of the best vacations ever. I went w/ my girlfriend and two friends. The hotel was beautiful and we had great weather. Pools were clean grounds were kept clean and our rooms were kept clean daily by the maids(dont speak english). One of the things that surprised everyone the most was the quality of food. It was excellent. The buffet had plenty too choose from so if you are picky you will definitely find something you like. THe A la Cartes both Italian and Asian were excellent. The Italian was a little more tasty though! THe bars were good and never found them tooo busy. sometimes there would be a couple people waititing but be patient because everyone that works on the resort works on dominican time. dominican time is take it slow and easy time. so BE patient. dont let it ruin your trip. Rum does not have as much taste as the rum back home :-(. But we still drank. :-) THe 1 downfall of the trip was the reception. they were polite but for everything we needed they told us to come back like 3 times. for the internet card, security key and room change they said for each to come back in 3 hours. it got annyoing after the second time but by the middle of the week they had it available. that was the only downfall. everything was FANTASTIC! warning to the wise. do not buy cigars or souvenirs from the gift shop in the hotel. everything can be found cheapie, cheapie at the market down the beach. In the end I would DEFINITELY recommend this hotel and I would go again no problem!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The vacation I wanted and needed We returned from Grand Paradise Bavero on May 23, 2004. Like many others I was concerned with the resort given the reveiws, but our travel agent indicated that for the price we wanted this was the best place to go. That it was....When we arrived it was before the check in time of 3:00 p.m., we got our braclets and checked in. We were told that the room would be ready at 2:00 and that we should go have something to eat and our bags would be kept in the lobby until our room was ready. So we went to the buffet for something to eat. This was when I started to get nervous as I am a very picky eater and my kids (7 and 4) are fussy as well. My concerns were soon put to rest as I was able to find lots for the kids and I. The food was not overly flavourful, but that is expected since it is easier to add more flavour than it is to take it away.We ate most of our meals in the buffet as it is easier for the kids as the other a la carte restraunts are too slow and fancy (at dinner time) for kids who want to be out doing things. Lunch at the grill (by the beach) was great as they had the grilled cheese and hamburgers. Yes, at lunch we ate at places other than the buffet. Why you ask...that is easy. Kids Club (thanks to Luz and Mary)The Kids Club made the difference in the vacation for me. The staff took our two kids for breakfast (9 a.m.) and kept them until (1:30 p.m.) after taking them for lunch. We would then pick them up and go swimming until 3:00 p.m. when it was time for them to go back to the Kids Club. They would stay there until 5:00 p.m. and then we would go swimming again until it was time to get ready for dinner. After dinner at 8:30 p.m. there was a mini disco put on by the Kids Club staff, this involved dancing, fashion show ect..then it was time for the adult show (which our kids stayed for as it was good and tasteful entertainment). After the show it was bedtime and they were tired. So putting them down was easy. Adult entertainment during the day is very dependant on who is around. If you have a lazy group then the activities flop but if you have an active group the activities are great. I played beach volleyball and water volleyball and tried to learn the club dance with my kids. When you have kids with you the attention by the wait staff is great they like kids. We met 7 other families and all the kids became friends as we did and we all hung out together. After the kids were asleep my husband would get himself a couple of drinks to bring back to the room and I would head off to the disco. The disco was OK, I don't dance alot but enjoyed watching those that could and I did dance with some of the staff at times. The music is out of date but still good music, if you were born in my era (1974).The weather was great, it was not hard to get a chair around the pool. It was slow at getting service by the pool bar (it was really busy as it was the only bar by the pool and it was small) but a tip or two solves that, as does manners. We were so happy with the trip that when we did get asked to listen to the vacation speal we did (if you say no they will not hassel you and if you say that you have already been to the office they will not hassel you either) And we bought the package as we were having such a great time (and it is not just for this resort).The first room we had was big and OK. The room we upgraded to (when we bought the package) was even bigger with two patios over looking the pools and the ocean. It was amazing. But as a warning don't bring in food. Our kids managed to get some in when we were not looking and we had ants the next night. We called the front desk and they were killed and never came back. Oh one last thing English is like the 3rd or 4th language for the staff and is poor at the best of times, but keep in mind that this is not the US or Canada. No matter what you are eventually able to make them understand and when they don't they direct you to someone who can speak better English.Have fun....make the best of it and enjoy  
<Date>Jun 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>what we expected We read a lot of the reviews on this hotel, so we were prepared for some of what we witnessed at this hotel. The front desk staff was not the friendliest bunch, but they were not rude either. Our room was clean and in good condition and we did not have any issues with our maid service. The beach was beautiful, and the sun is brutal! I thought that the food was better than average for an all-inclusive. There were some issues with the service. A $1 tip gets you great service at the bar. The biggest problem is in the buffet. It sometimes would take 10 minutes to get a glass of water, but tables of single women had waiters running over. The reservation system at the restaurants is terrible. We were only able to eat in the Italian restaurant once, even though it was not full to capacity. Overall I thought everything was ok, except for the other guests at the hotel. There were hardly any English-speaking people at this resort, something that I was not expecting at all. We ususally go on vacation, meet people and have a great time, but most of the guest at this hotel did not speak English at all. Whatever you do, DO NOT TAKE THE SAONA ISLAND TRIP!!!!! It was truly one of the most miserable days of our life! They told us it was a 35 minute drive to board a catamaran. Well the bus picked us up at 7:00 am, which is before the restaurants open, and did not get us to the catamaran until 10:00. They served no food on the catamaran and only rum and coke with no ice. By the time we got to the island it was after 1:00 pm and the food was not ready. We did not get soemthing to eat until 1:30. We boarded the bus at 4:00 for a 4 hour bus ride back to our hotel. What a disaster!! Overall, I was disappointed with Punta Cana. We have traveled to many islands in the Caribbean but, there is nothing to see on this island. Just the beach and trees. If you are content to lay on the beach locked up in a resort, then this is the place for you.   
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value! Great time! My boyfriend and I wanted to go on a caribbean vacation that was inexpensive. We came across a good deal for the Grand Paradise Bavaro a 4* for $850 CDN. It sounded too good to be true so we were really nervous on what to expect. I was also reading a lot of bad reviews on this site that made me even nervous. As soon as we got there we knew that we got a really good deal. The entrance was grand, the lobby was nicely decorated and the grounds were very clean and nicely laid out. Food in the buffet were average but the italian and chinese a la cartes were really good. The beach was nice and someone is always cleaning up the grounds. There are two big pools that allow you to just relax without all the waves and sand that the beach have. I saw a lot of former vacationers at this resort advise future vacationers to bring your own mugs but i never listened. Bring your own mugs because their glasses are so tiny that you're gonna have to keep going back and forth to the bar to get drinks. Don't expect for things to be cheap. Bring all your necsesities and some extra otherwise you will pay $20US for things such as sunscreen. Do go to the market but always bargain down to AT LEAST 75% of the price. Overall the resort is very good for it's value. My expectations were very low but the Grand Paradise exceeded it to a very high level. The only complaint I have is the hotel room. It's very plain and poorly light. I should've brought a lantern or flashlight! The most important advise I can give you though is, don't let these reviews affect your vacation. You can be in the crappiest place in the world but if you have the right attitude and if you're ready to have fun and enjoy yourself, YOU WILL!!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well... expecting more... Well... We were wondering a little bit more about this resort... the food is ok, the beach was beautiful, but we got rain during 3days and half... For sure, that is not helping for having a good idea in general about the place... the rooms are ok but not that beautiful and we were hearing a lot of noise trought the walls (not well insonorisated). RD is much more expensive than CUBA, so if you're expected to bring back rhum, coffee  cigars, watch youreself... at Duty you're gonna pay 16$ US for a bottle of rhum (3$ US in Cuba), 8$ US for a little bag of coffee (3$ US for a big bag in Cuba)and we spent 200$ for some cigars at the resort's store... DON'T BUY FR OM THEM!!!! ALL our cigars ARE FALSE!!!!!!! (and trust me, we know what we are talking about... we know pretty much about cigars). We were very desapointed when we realize that... do not go to that store, they are gonna have you... We never go back again to RD, we did not have a good experience if we compare with the twice time we've got in Cuba. This resort is okay, but don't expect to listen to some salsa, meringue at the lounge (kind of elevator music: american melodies played on saxophone... boring...): there's no band to play some local music during the diners, like you will enjoy in Cuba... Finally, we can conclude that the instruction of the people and the general culture of Dominicains are far away from what we were use to in Cuba... sorry to compare all the time with that place, but we've got twice in Cuba and we will go back for sure... but we won't return in RD at all. If you like RD or if you really want to try that destination, the Gran Paradise Bavaro is not a bad place to stay, you're gonna have fun for sure but do not expect a lot from the people there... they are there for reminding you that even tipping is not enought to have a good service... we tipped a lot at the beginning of the trip, and then we gave tip just to the people at the buffet who were giving a good service to us... but at bars, don't expect to have too many smiles... Well, the resort is okay, but if you would like to be in some very special place were you're gonna say: wow, I'M very far away from home, i'm in vacation and i can disconnect from reality... well RD is not the place in our mind... but nothing is better than try by yourself to have you're own idea about the subject... We put 2/5 because of the cigars's store, for sure, and for the music: we missed local music, we were not there for listening the music we're use to in our country... even at the disco, the music was boring... Well, if you plannified already your trip at that resort, just be carefull about the tip and stores (they are expensive), and for sure you're gonna have fun... see by yourself. Maybe we were too severe... we just got a bad experience, does'nt mean you're gonna have one.Enjoy your holidays!  
<Date>May 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An excellent value but not 5 star WHAT DO YOU EXPECT FOR $135US/DAY.We spent 10 great nites from 04/20-04/30/04.ROOM: Very nice with 2 double beds. I asked for a King size in Bldg 3/2nd floor. I got the impression that getting your desired room was a matter of luck. We did'nt have much time for views and the the double bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was very nice and we had plenty of hot water at all times of the day and nite.The maid took excellent care of us for the $2 daily tip (worth the expense). We had to ask for washcloths every day and xtra towels. Also asked for cola lite and aqua. We wrote a short note every day and signed it Gracias. NO PROBLEM. Remember there are no elevators and each building has 3 floors. I dont like the ground floor for security reasons. The halls do echo but every thing is tile-DUHHHHH!The safe key at $3/day is a must. The remote for the TV has no deposit. The second room key is also a must if you want the A/C going while your'e out. The key controls the poer in the room.I VALUE THE ROOM AT $80US/DAY.CHECK IN: We got there around 0100P and were invited to have lunch at the Buffet (very nice). I kept telling the front desk (they did speak english) that my wife was not feeling well (a white lie). The bell boy told me he would try to help get me a room before 3PM the official check in time. He took my bags and lead us to Bldg 3/2 floor around 0215p. Not the exact room I wanted but we wanted to settle in and rest ASAP. Tipped him $6US.CHECK OUT: No problem.FOOD: You can complain all you want but in my opinion the food was good and sometimes great.Buffet always had something good to eat. The theme nites at the buffet always offered something good and the pasta bar was nice too. Italian was the best. Asian was terrible. Grill was xcellent the 3 times we ate dinner there with atmosphere and romantic too. The grill had great chicken, pork chops and even German sausage for lunch. The grill is the best place for lunch if you want to walk a few steps from the beach to lunch in your bathing suit only. Generally the service was slow and we did have to ask for drinks a few too many times, xtra napkins, whatever. The staff were always smiling and polite. We said por favor, gracias, buenos dios and smiled a lot-they loved us and we were only exercising a little courtesy-BIG DEAL.I VALUE THE FOOD AT $80US/DAY.BEACH: Unbelievablely beautiful. The sand is fine and clean. I found no rocks or shells in the water or on the beach. We did see some seaweed a few days but the staff were even picking that up from the beach. Sunblock 30-45 are needed but make sure you bring xtra unless you want to pay $20-30US a bottle. The water was very clean and not too cold. The waves were just enough to keep you busy. Yes the shade was limited but do you expect the resort to provide enough shade for every guest. Yes we competed for a shade hut and got up at 630-700A to reserve a lounge. Bring at least 2 blue towels with you because you cant get beach towels before 900A. Behind the Grill there are some very nice palm trees that provide shade most of the day. Its a little crowed and a few steps further to the beach but you'll need some xtra exercise to shed the weight you will gain from eating too much.I VALUE THE BEACH AT $10US/DAY. Free beaches are rare on LI.POOLS: There are 2 very large pools. I found them very clean and cool. After 3pm the water gets too warm (what do you expect??). The cholorine was OK. No shade around the pools. The whirlpool near the beach is relaxing but can get crowded.GROUNDS: Very clean and well laid out. The palm trees, grass and plants are well maintained. The 2 pools and restaurants are an easy walk from most buildings. I think Bldg 3/6 (even # rooms) are the niceest because you have a nice view of the pools. I didnt see other buildings with any nice views and forget about ocean views because the palm trees block the view and they dont have too many ocean view rooms anyway.SHOPPING: Do not shop at the gift shop. The flea market is a 15 minute walk down the beach. If you dont like to haggle either pay 3x the value or don't shop. I found the local vendors very nice but pushy. They are trying to make a living-be nice and use yuor broken spanish. Many of them speak other languages too! A little patience, cortesy and a smile go a long way. We spent at least 1 hr shopping on 3 occasions-what's the hurry.I usually offered a little less than 1/2 and started walking away-I usually got my price. Be sure to clarify US, Canadian, Euros before you offer a price. We ran out of $$ and used the ATM in the Sports Bar-Dominican Pesos only. The exchange rate was @ 43 pesos to the US$. At the flea market I bargained for 40 pesos to the US$ and got it-they wanted as much as 55 pesos!!!WEATHER: I kept track every day.2 days overcast but partial sun-@85 degrees1 day overcast w/very little sun-@80 gegrees8 days sunny/hot-@ 85 degreesRAINED 10 minutes on 2 days only.ENTERTAINMENT: Every night they had a show which was good but not great. We were very tired every night and skipped the show 3-4 nites.I VALUE THE ENTERTAINMENT AT $20US/DAY. DRINKS: We are not drinkers but did have 1 tropical drink, 1/2 beer (very good) and 1 cordial evry nite. The people drinkin didnt seem to mind the HOUSE BOOZE!! There were plenty of bars to go around.I VALUE THE DRINKS AT $20US/DAY. TOURS/BOATING/ETC: Plenty to do but we didnt try anything. Can be expensive.TIPS: I never tipped more than $2 and only for xtra service.SUGGESTIONS:#Bring insulated cups#Bring small insulated bag for bottled water (2 liter)#Bring or buy a beach bag#Bring at least 75 $1 for tips/flea market#Buy post cards at end of Flea market#Bring a supply of notes in spanish if you want your eggs cooked right.#Bring 2 pairs of glasses/sun glasses# Stay away from golf shirt guys selling vacations unless you go away 2-3 times a year#Buy the photo at the airport#RELAX RELAX RELAX!!!!!!!MY ESTIMATE OF DAILY VALUE OF RESORT:ROOM $80US/DAY.FOOD AT $80US/DAY.BEACH AT $10US/DAYDRINKS $20US/DAY. ENTERTAINMENT $20US/DAY. TOTAL $210/DAY/COUPLE COST: $135/DAY/COUPLECONCLUSION: We got a lot more than we paid for. If you want better food, beach, pool, room, drinks, service then pay $300/ day at another resort. We were very satisfied with Grand Paradise. We couldnt afford more money and would prefer to come again for the $2500 it cost us including air fare rather than the typical $5000 I saw for other resorts/locations. My wife and I enjoyed 10 days without any interruptions, phone calls or family crisis-PRICELESS!!!!!!! We have fond memories and some very nice photos to remind us of our 10 days in PARADISE We always found something good to eat and walked up and down the beach every day. Every nite we sat on a lounge at the beach and listened to the surf. We actually had time to talk to each other and thorougly enjoyed each other's company. We are still in love after 38yrs and 4 kids.  
<Date>May 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>There is a Reason why no one reviewed this place, here is why: Don't do it to your self.Stay somewhere else!!!Quick Summary:Check In- 3pm but if the person in your room didn't leave you WILL WAIT.Food: 4 Restaurants--2 are good (buffet and Michelangelo), 1 is bad (Asia) and 1 is not a restuarant, JUST SNACKS!!! (CHips to be exact)Towels and Chairs: Wake up early and reserve your spots...Its the beach, everyone wants a spot!!Souvenirs: The resort has its own, but if you ask the people behind the front counter, they will tell you the nearest town where you can use your AMERICAN dollar and bargin for really good things and get your cigars for much cheaper than the RESROT is offering (Trust me! I purchased 2 great boxes of CUBANS for under $100)Nightlife: The club is mediocre. If you have the extra room in your luggage bring some current MIX cds (Cause they really don't have anything Current).Important facts to know: Always make reservation for dinner or else you MIGHT NOT eat that night. Tip the cleaning people, they give you free stuff like fruits, towels and a bottle of champagne. There is a certain time of the day that ALL of the restuarants close. Don't lose your key card, they will charge you $20 for it. Midnight Romantic strolls on the beach will be RUDELY interrupted with a guard and his SEMI-AUTOMATIC!!! Thats right, took the ROMANCE right out!!!   
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>2 thumbs down! Just got back from Punta Cana on May 22,2004.We stayed at the Grand Paradise - Bavaro. We have a 4 year old son and we went with another family 2 adults and one child 4 years old.The hotel looks nice when you arrive ( however not nearly as nice as the iberostar looked when we dropped off the first batch of people). When we booked we asked for ocean view and 2 joining rooms with 2 double beds in each. Well...The other family got a first floor room with no view in the front and an 8 foot bush covered fence in the back. We got a room on the second floor with a pool view in the front and 1 king size bed. We both went back to the front desk and almost our entire bus was back to complain because they messed up all the rooms. My room never got changed all week and the other family got it changed to a third level room with a pool view and on the complete other end of the resort from us - needless to say...not a great start.The ocean was way too rough and not nearly enough lounge chairs - you pretty much had to leave a towel out from the night before to reserve one.No Swim up bar in the Pool....MAJOR NO NO!!!! enough to make me wanna go home.2 main bars - one near the pool and the other on the beach - very small - only one bartender at each and SLOW!!!! everyone had to wait between 5 and 15 minutes to get a drink - if you could interupt the bartender from chatting with his friends.Not once did they have anyone go around the pool area serving drinks.The main buffet resteraunt was just ok. Nothing spectacular - and if you want a drink tip the waiters and always sit in the same spot so you always get the same waiter or otherwise you have eatin your entire meal 3 times before you get a drink.The grill near the beach was ok at lunch but dinner was.......The Italian Restaurant - you had to make reservations, sort of. They would only sit 20 poeple every half hour starting at 6:30pm (keep in mind the restaurant could easily hold over 150 people - but they would only take 20 at a time)The Asian restaurant we didnt try because their was a ruomor floating around that someone got really sick from eating there, so we stayed away and I think the entire resort did to.The event staff were cool. Some fun games around the pool. The nightly shows were mediocre - but well done seeing how it was the event staff putting on the shows after working all day in the sun.The front desk never had change - whether you wanted to change U.S. to Pesos or get smaller bills in pesos. Same answer every day No change. As for the little and only store in the resort. No matter what you bought and no matter how much it cost they would never have change for you. So you either left the item behind or some people left very generous tips.Oh yes, there was one other place to shop - a ten minute walk on the beach to a small flea market where every single stand sold the exact and I mean the exact same items and every single one of them hassled you to the point where you just wanted to leave because they were WAY OVERLY PERSISTANT!!! I left after 2 minutes because I was ready to ............Finally, when we had to check out, our flight left at 9:00pm but they would not let us extend our room so we had to check out at 1:00pm and they provided a courtesy room which each family could use for 20 minutes.I called for a porter to come get our luggage as instructed on a form they dropped off to our room - they didnt show up till 2 and 1/2 hours later and about 8 phone calls.Overall - The resort looks nice and thats where it ends - TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE SERVICE!!!!!2 THUMBS DOWN!I think I'll try the Riu resorts next time  
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>all couples I'm 24 years old, me and my friend were looking for somewhere nice, not too crazy, but this resort should be advertised as families and couples only! We've travelled just the two of us before and always had things to keep us occupied. I mean there was one group of guys that were fun leaving the next day. After that couples, kids and other single girls who weren't even mingling with each other. The locals were wicked, they took us of the dead after 8:00 resort and on the town bar hoping. Best times were off the resort which was a 20 minute drive. Good food though.  
<Date>May 23, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>amazing !! Just today I arrived from the hotel, actually from Santo Domingo to Lima and let me tell you that the hotel was really amazing. I went and spent 6 days with my classmates and we had a relly good time, when i arrived I couldn't believe my eyes...the hotel was so beautiful. The attention was perfect, all the people really nice and asking always if we needed something, the rooms were always clean and with everything we needed. There was good music in the disco an the food was excellent,a good variety also the drinks...that's what I liked the most..jeje. I really recommend this hotel, my friends and I had an unforgottable amazing time.  
<Date>May 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great holiday at Bavaro Paradise We were at Bavaro Paradise from 21 april 2004 until 7 may 2004 en we had a fantastic vacation. The resort offers everything you need with very high quality. The Beach, the pools, the restaurants, our room, the disco, the bars, the palmtrees, the sea, could not been better! So next year we want to come back. Oh i forgot the snorkling in de carribean, terrific! Over all: value for money.   
<Date>May 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great time My husband and I traveled to this resort April 23-30, 2004 and had a wonderful time. We are early 30's at 6 months pregnant, and were looking for RR. The resort was full of couples and families of all ages. Our building was #5 and was handy to everything. We had no issues checking in or out as we arrived and left in the evening. The people bent over backwards to accomodate us, very friendly. The food was plentiful and the beach was paradise. We enjoyed ourselves but did hear some stories from some other guests who were dwelling on an issue and letting it ruin their trip. For example:1. Check in - if you arrive in the morning be prepared not to have a room available. Just wear your swimsuit under your clothes, strip, grab your towel and hit the beach. The hotel was full and checkout is 1pm. Check in is 3pm. The hotel cleaning staff works from 9am-6pm. So there was a family who were vocal about waiting 5 hours to get a room and it wasn't ready when they got into it. This set the tone for their holidays and didn't seem too happy even mid way into their vacation. We arrived after 6pm and were processed quickly. Our bus departed at 5pm, so we checked out at 1pm and enjoyed ourselves until 4pm and got cleaned up and hopped onto the bus. The luggage was left behind for this 4 hours and was safe.2. Not enough ocean view rooms to go around. We didn't pay extra for an ocean view room as we figured why bother? We met 2 couples who did pay extra and ended up with pool view rooms. My opinion is don't bother paying the extra, all the rooms look the same. I only had to walk out my door and faced the beach everyday down the hall.3. Bring lots of $1 US Bills. Come prepared with the small bills and you will have no hassles. People who know this tip and still travel with large bills are asking for the trouble of converting it. 4. Beach chairs under the umbrella huts. People get crazy over the beach chairs when there is no need to get so aggrevated. There is 24 hour beach security. Make friends with these men and you will have no problems. Some people do take others towels, especially from people who mark their chairs and never come back. Some marked chairs are empty all day which wasn't fair. I woke up early everyday and spoke with security. With a small tip they held 2 chairs for us everyday. I didn't feel guilty as we used those chairs all day everyday so I got to see the people who never came back and the frustrated folks looking for some shade. I always told people to speak with the secuirty guys and those that did approach these guys were always given a chair. Even from the resort next door, Breezes. Most people seemed to ignore these kind men who couldn't speak much English but were always trying their hardest sitting in that heat with full uniform on.5. Bring strong sunblock. Some people only brought sunblock 10 and cooked their skin. Sunblock costs $30 US at the stores, so bring at least 30 SPF as well as the 10. The hotel sprays for bugs so don't bother bringing bugspray. We did meet 2 people with a bug bite but they didn't see it happen.The waves are very strong and we saw a man who required help very near the beach. Breezes have the lifeguards.The big thing is to remember that you are on holidays so relax and enjoy yourself. If you have to wait for something, it won't be for food or sun, which is what you are there for anyway. Don't let some little issue ruin your trip and don't keep complaining about it to other guests!  
<Date>May 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All I can say is wow!!!!!! To everyone who gave a rating less then 4 stars, I don't understand you all! I stayed at this amazing resort from the 29th of April to the 6th of MAy 2004. As soon as we arrived we we're greatted with a smile and showed to our room. Are room was not bad, but I did not have a door handle on my bathroom door but I really did not care. The resort is very very clean, as the beach is also. The staff are amazing, I made so many friends. The food is alright, they have alot of selection. I lived on chicken the whole week cause it is to die for! I reconmend this resort to everyone who wants good service,beautiful beach and good food. I will be visiting this resort again soon!  
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort....but wouldn't go back! The weather in Punta Cana was beautifull!!!!!!!!!! Check IN - Once we got to resort we checked in and were told that our room would only be ready by 3PM, which was 3hours after we arrived, when we went back at three they told us to come at 4PM, ANOTHER HOUR TO WAIT! Once we got to the room the view was beautiful we stayed in building number 3 ocean view, but had to double beds instead of the king size bed we were suppose to get and no blowdryer..........we were fet up of waiting that we just put up with the double beds and slept in the one for the week, which was fine.Beach - the beach is beautiful.........the crappy thing is though is that they have a designated area for swimming due to the boats coming in and out of the area. So most of the time when we had to walk over to the area since where we sat there was no swimming permitted!!!!! Very stupid!!! I must say before i go on that my boyfriend and I went to Cuba last year and we compared everything about this trip to that one, cuba was a 10+ and this 5If you walk down the beach of the resort boundries there are tents set up of vending booths.........BE AWARE.......these people will do anything to get you to buy things. They were giving us free things left and right and would not let you go until the had a sale. There is about 15 booths i would say, my boyfriend and i didn't pass the second one just because buy the time we got to second one we bought stuff by then and secondly we were they probably and hour alrighty hearing these men talk our ear off about stuff just to convice to buy things. So by then we were fet up and just wanted to get back to the resort. We bought great paintings there and just remember bargin bargin bargin cause they will bring the price down they won't let you go until you buy something there for stick to your guns and start low cause they will always come down in price.Food- They food was good at the resort, the buffet had lots of variety everynight, breakfeast was dealicous!!! The dougnuts are the BEST!!!!!!!! only in the morings though. The grill buy the beach had good food aswell, but always the same things basically everyday, my boyfriend really enjoyed the fish there. The best place in Michalangleos it's an italian restaurant, great service and great food!The sports bar had the best nachos.......definitly have some of those you'll be addicted all week!Service- the service there was crap.......people take forever to come over to you, have the time we would get our own drinks cause the time they would come over we were done eating, people arent' as friendly as they are in cuba thats for sure. The front desk people don't know anything about anything. We called for a wake up call and never got it!Entertainment- it was ok, bascially all the same sort of things you would find at any resort.All and all i would have to say that we thought the resort was beautiful and beach was beautiful, great food, but it lacked in service majorly and promtness.  
<Date>May 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Didn't care for the Grand Paradise Bavaro We just came back from our trip to Punta Cana. We stayed at the Grand Paradise Bavaro for 7 days. It was terrible. This is the first vacation we couldn't wait to get back home. It was hard to find anyone that spoke any english. It took us two days to get shampoo, three days to get wash cloths, after talking to the front desk numerous times. The only time we had our room cleaned good was after we spoke to the funjet rep, three days after we had been there. I was leaving money every day on the bed too. The food was crap. The only time we had a decent meal was our last night, chefs night! We were hounded by natives dressed in regular clothes EVERY day to sit in on some timeshare deal. Don't get me wrong the beach, pool and poor country was beautiful. If you decide to go don't stay at the Grand Paradise Bavaro.   
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Stew_Tanya
<Content>Very Enjoyable! My Fiancee and I went to this resort in Dec for one week. We are 25 years old! We read the reviews before going, and they really helped us pick and prepare for this resort. There were a few things that could have been better, but that is to be expected. You can't please all the people, all the time. We have never travelled anywhere else, but still we absolutely loved this place. The beach was beautiful, the weather was fantastic and the people at the resort were very friendly and eager to help. If you try to speak their language a little they will appreciate it. The a la carte restaurants were like fine dining places back here at home. We liked the Italian and Chinese the best. We went on one day trip (the bavaro blast I think) to swim with the sharks, and it was amazing. The guide actually took our camera and went underwater right up close to the sharks and toook pics for us. Nice. Everybody likes different food, so it is hard to comment on that. We liked most things... just remeber that you are not in North America, so don't expect to eat like you are. You are in another country!! One thing we did notice though, we went on a bus ride to other resorts (picking people up for the day trip) and our resort was much nicer than any of the others. The night life was pretty quiet, but we weren't there for that. If you want to go to a place to relax with your wife, this is the place. Don't go expecting all night parties. There were some, but not many. I am sure it depends on who is at the resort at that time. Either way, we both loved it and had a great time. Thanks to all those that wrote reviews about this place.  
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Two weeks of sun  Just got back on the 25th of April 2004 and like most here everthing was great food,beach,and We thought the disco was hopping compared to all the other resorts we have been to .The two hour horseback ride for 35us was really worth it and if you like big waves they rest the horses at Macao Beach which is incredible we swam for twenty minutes with waves some were eight feet what a rush and then had a race with my wife and daughter on horse back across the beach that was such a gas.thanks to Nick from Hamilton for recomending that .The last thing I want to mention is the market on the beach to the east if you like Massages you have to go we all went, and many times and it is excellent 15us for thirty minutes front and back what a deal I always went for an hour I liked it so much the place is called Ostress pro.Massages done buy Berenice or Disnayra I tried both and both were amazzing if you go tell them Luke sent you .I owe them I had a bad back muscle when I got their that they fixed In a week then was able to horseback ride. Grand Paradise was good value for the money.I would recommend.  
<Date>May 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Expectations!!! I have been to a bunch of different resorts in DR, Mexico, St. Maarten, St. Thomas, etc. I have to comment to anyone who is thinking of going to a Caribbean Resort...YOUR VACATION IS AS GOOD OR BAD AS YOUR EXPECTATION. If you think you are going to a American/Canadian 4-5 star resort you would be fooling yourself. As many people have commented poorly about this resort and others, you need to remember you are not at home, most of the people who live in these countries do not have large homes with 2 cars, a pool etc. Their entire family lives with them in a 500 sq ft house. So the hard work, quality food, and other amenities they are providing are 10X higher than what they are used to receiving in their day to day lives. Just thought I should mention this as I have stayed at 3 star, 4 star and 5 star hotels in the Dominican and the difference between them is minimal as far as the quality of food. If you want Wolfgang Puck, you should stay home to get it. But if you open your mind and realize you are experiencing how others live, you will love it.  
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is the place to be Returned April 19/04. Well we were originally booked to go to Barcello Capella in La Romana. But when I found out about the bus ride from the airport (4 hours) I called my agent and had our hotel switched. We arrived at the Grand not knowing what to expect as we had not even see the hotel in a brochure. We were pleasantly surprised. We are already planning our next trip down, same hotel. The food was great no one got sick. We took our 16 year daughter and she also loved the hotel, and there was a lot to do for her. Once the activity guys got to know her they always asked her. Great place, rooms are okay but everything else is excellent. Not sure how people can give this place a bad review, but it goes to show that you can not always trust other peopleéˆ¥æªš opinions. Go and enjoy!!!!!  
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great family vacation location Stayed at Grand Paradise Bavaro April 10-17,2004. Overall very nice location. Better than I expected. Sea water was clean with nice beach.Sand not as nice as Mexico. Food was better than average. Large selections fresh bread plenty of low carb choices. Red wine was terrible but mixed drinks good. Drink bottled water only or you will get sick! Rooms were clean, well air conditioned with nice size bathrooms.Lots of activities during the day(Vollyball,bocci,aerobics,etc.)Few complaints but must say when we first checked in the receptionist at the check-in desk was the most arrogant unhelpful twit. Gave me a hard time about obtaining two room keys, tried to put me in a none ocean view room when I had already paid via expedia for a ocean view room. He was very unhelpful and frankly felt like pulling him over the counter to wring his neck. Not very pleasant start to a week in paradise. But I stuck to my guns and once he knew that I was educated and was not going to give in to his crap he was more cooperative. It really took me a couple hours to get over this encounter and thought I made a mistake choosing this hotel but even that jerk could not ruin the beauty of the resort. Only other thing was do not buy cigars from the cigar shop unless you know exactly what you want and the price of what you should pay ahead of time otherwise you will be smoking banana leaves with cohiba labels!Overall I would give this resort a grade of C +. Food quality could have been better, sand not as nice as Mexico (Cancun) and front desk should be all fired, and did not like the fact that you had to get up a 0630 to reserve a beach chair on the beach. Wait until 0730 and you don't get a chair. Was nice but will not go back to this resort.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Grand Paradise Grand Time Well kept and clean. Food had good variety; enjoyed Oriental a la carte restaurant. Buffet had good selection and was air conditioned. Beach restaurant for lunches had excellent burgers and chicken. Plenty to do, beautiful beach. Lots of water sports and recreation. Disco starts late, ends late. My 17 year old and his buds closed it down almost every night we were there livin' la vida loca! Bring lots of small denomination US currency. You'll be surprised what a little tip gets you. Don't think that because it's no tipping, there isn't any. The ones you'll hear complaining most times are the non-tippers. Wake up and smell the coffee; this is the real world! Bring large insulated travel mugs too; the cups at the bar are really small so you'll wind up making far too many trips and waiting in line too often. An small insulated cooler bag is also wise to pack as it's handy for keeping agua (water), cerveza (beer), and (cola) pop icy cold on excursions or at the beach and the boys on the bar are only to happy to fill it with hielo (ice) for you. Realized that this is one of the newer resorts and as a result near the extreme end of the beach. Quite the walk to get where the action was. If you're looking for adventure, Saona catamaran is a great time and a great value. Don't buy anything in resort shops. Take a tour or arrange a car. Merchandise, cigars, coffee are all less expensive in the countryside however be prepared for the harrassment from the locals. They are so poor and see tourists as all being wealthy. They know no different so don't be offended. Females should not travel alone off the resorts and should always be accompanied by males. There's not much to buy there anyway. Roads are brutal and so are the drivers so don't bother renting cars or scooters. This resort was rated four stars. I've stayed on 4 1/2 star in Punta Cana as well. Trust me. You don't want less than four star in Punta Cana.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Holiday Just got back and wanted to share some thoughts on our holiday. Weather and beach were beautiful. Happy with the resort overall, nice grounds, good size if you're going with a group as you can find each other easily. Didn't find service people rude as much as there being a language barrier if you only spoke English. Tips: Bring US $'s - travellers cheques are okay but found the front desk to be short of cash a lot so you are taking a chance that you won't be able to get money when you need it. Bugs-did see one cockroach in our bathroom in the middle of the night but that was it. Towels - are at a premium and didn't get a washcloth until I asked (and tipped) the cleaning lady. Left little dollar store gifts for her each day on my pillow and didn't have to ask again. Rooms - get remote when you check in and two door keys as you need one to put in slot that keeps hydro and air on. Buying souveniers - if you go right on the beach you'll come to a bunch of huts with various things to sell. Knock the price down to a third from what they give you (sometimes even more). Some vendors came and setup in the resort one night. Their really expensive, I would wait and go down the beach to purchase same item. Tours - went on the blazing trails horseback tour. Excellent! Lots of running along beach....guide was attentive and helpful. Also, souveniers they sell after are reasonably priced. Also went on 1/2 day snorkeling excursion Tikki something on a paddle boat. They did a great job of entertaining people, Michael Jackson impersonations etc.....lots of fun. Food - Buffet is safest for picky eaters- enough variety that you can find something you like. Italian was good but not a lot of variety. Didn't like the asian but maybe that's just me. Beach Huts - beginning of the week had to get up to put something on lounge chairs under huts by 6:00 am or forget it. Later in week there were some still available around 8:00. Guess it depends on how busy the resort is. We would just put a shirt or towel to hold it and go back to bed..... Disco-lots of people but the music was mostly latin...would of liked to hear a little more variety. Entertainment-Shows were well done with great dancers. There are different themes every night. Only one night with an American music theme though. Didn't catch much of the humour but it was probably 'lost in translation'.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bd1016
<Content>Better than we expected.... Went in April of 2004.Hotel was a typical 3 star hotel. Rooms need more drawer space and Bathroom area needs more lighting. Be prepared to not use a lot of toilet paper. There were 3 girls in our room and we were very careful because toilet overflow was a constant problem for other guests. Hotel staff were very accomodating and helpful. For a small tip ($4 USD) we had all the towels we wanted for the entire trip. Food was good at the buffets, and was perfect for the kids who like basic food. All food was served at the appropriate temperature. other restaurants need to change their reservation system.Drinks, especially BanannaMamas, are Great! Pool area always had a fun activity going on for all ages. The ony activity that was inappropraite was the sexy bikini contest. Staff needs to remember that kids everywhere. Beach was beautiful. Night time shows were entertaining ...Remember this is not Broadway and you are not paying Broadway prices either. Not included as part of the hotel ...Manati Park was a major rip-off! You only spend about 5 minutes with the Dolphins then you are stuck there for another 5 hours!! Staff at the Park was rude. Tip- Bring your own insulated mugs for bigger drink refills. Bring Sunscreen, it costs about $30 USD for 1 bottle!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beaches are beautiful ! I have just returned from a 1-week stay in Punta Cana. It was my first time in the Dominican. Not sure that I would rate this hotel as a 4-star. I have stayed at many all-inclusive 4-stars before and this was average. The good and the bad: The beaches are beautiful ! The weather was gorgeous ! The Dominicans are quite friendly, and those at the front desk (as well as some working on the grounds) actually speak fluent english or french or even Italian or German. The men do leer at women though and say things to each other in Spanish, which makes you wonder what the heck they`re saying about you. The food at the buffet was very good, with alot of variety. The rooms were so-so. We are a couple and had asked for a King, but got 2 double beds (I think most rooms have 2 doubles). The maid comes daily, but sometimes as early as 8:30 a.m. ! So make sure to put your do not disturb card out if you want to sleep in ! As well, the halls are very echoey and the doors slam rather easily, so bring earplugs ! There are alot of activities during the day that are free and the staff are very good at trying to get everyone to participate in beach activities (volleyball, aerobics, etc.). There are spanish lessons, as well as dance lessons, there`s a ping-pong table too. There are 2 pools, which is where most of the activities take place. My biggest complaint was the amount of children in this place. If you are going to relax and get away from kids, I would strongly suggest you book a couples resort. This place was just crawling with crying, whining kids under the age of 6 ! As well, I found that the nights were the dullest, as there`s not that much to do. Oh, and the reservation system for the a la carte restaurants was very poor. They only took the first 20 people per half hour block, so the restaurants were literally half empty at all times, but if you came late, you could very well be eating at 9 p.m. (which is what happened to us the first night!). The shows at night were good (gotta applaud the dancers -- I mean they`re not professionals, just locals, but they work very hard and do a good job). The disco was OK. Oh, if you like Air Supply and Journey, then you will love the repetitious music they play at night in the restaurants. Snore....they could have something a little more recent...And the last biggest complaint was having to get up at 6 a.m. every morning to go lay out my towel on a beach chair under a hut (trust me, you need the shade -- that sun is hot, hot, hot). All choice spots are taken by 6:15 (which makes me wonder what people do on vacation....why are they up so darn early???). Overall, would go back to Punta Cana, but not to this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I don't think I would return only because... This was my first vacation at an all-inclusive resort and I was blown away by the beauty but not by the staff. The pools were clean and very nice. I found that the shows were okay IF all of the animation team was there. Otherwise they used the audience to entertain the guests. Didn't show off much talent there. When we ate at the a la carte, the service was excellent, especially in the Asian Restaurant but otherwise the service wasn't great. I know it's a very relaxed place and pace but when they ignore you because you're not fluent in Spanish then they talk about when you're standing right there (It's not hard to figure out) well that kind of customer service is uncalled for. Some of the staff also treated us like they'd never seen a woman before and were very blatant about checking us out. It gave me the creeps! We went parasailing, which was fun. We were, however, mislead by our tour guide about a day trip to Saona island. I don't recommend it! We wasted an entire day seeing things we could have seen at the resort, always waiting for other people and we left the resort at 7:00 a.m. and didn't return until 8:00 p.m. I wouldn't return to that resort though I would return to that area. Maybe the resort next door because the beach is beautiful.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Grand Paradise-wonderful resort-wonderful country We just returned after a week there (3/24-3/31) and it was awesome! We went with another couple and had an absolute wonderful time. The rooms were clean, staff friendly, food was good mostly, the grounds gorgeous! The only complaint I have is the french people were quite rude. I don't think they teach manners over in that country. After reading some of the bad reviews before we left I was a little nervous about this place but found no reason to be at all. No bugs, no broken doors, no slamming doors at night, no problem communicating, it helps if you know just a little spanish. We did have trouble getting clean beach towels twice but all in all it was great. We did two tours, the monster truck and snorkeling which we all had a great time and would do again. I would recommend this country and resort to anyone who was looking for a different place to travel!!!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Grand Paradise and the Dominican Republic! We just returned after spending the week (3/24-3/31) and can't believe anyone would write a bad review about this resort. We had an absolute wonderful time. A little bit of rain every day but we made the most of it. The staff was extremely friendly, loved Americans!, the food was different but mostly good. The beach was awesome as was the ocean. We would go back tomorrow if possible. The room was more than we could have asked for, excellent ocean view, very clean. Minor complaints not worth mentioning. We took the monster truck tour and the Kontiki snorkling tour, both highly recommended. In short, we would advise anyone who wants a different vacation to visit this country and resort. Excellente'!!!!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The straight truth about this place Where I am coming from: This is my seceond stay in an all-inclusive, so I am not a total expert, but do have a pretty good opinion. My first stay was at Barcelo Maya just south of Cancun.On this trip, we were with a group of about 30 people who went down for a wedding. The wedding was on the beach and went without a hitch (a hah). The resort caters to weddings and ensures that you get everything you would reasonably need to have a wedding.The resort: The facility is decent. Lawns are well kept, the massive pool is always clean, the main check-in building is attractive, and very Latin, the disco is well lit with lasers etc, the lodgings are OK, and the beach is beatiful. You may notice that most of my descriptions are just OK - aside from the beach, nothing here is exotic or extravagant - just OK. The place is well laid out and everything is within reasonable distance.The food: Breakfast: A big dining hall just like at camp. If this were a 4/5 star resort, there would be someone there to make you a sandwich - here it is build your own. In some instances it is quite nice, where someone makes you an omelette, but in most cases its help yourself buffet. We always looked twice at the breakfast food because the dairy is all goat milk. You also see things uncommon to Canadians - perhaps common to Europeans who are a little more diverse, but we North Americans kind of look twice if it doesn't say Kelloggs if you know what I mean. Lunch: Under a large grass thatched open concept hall. The buffet has chicken (you wonder about it a little but it tastes good) a typical North American spread, and some pizza types, with some fruits - again you won't go hungry, but you won't eagerly reach for everything they lay-out. Dinner: Nice: go to the a la cartes - the Italian is great. The Chinese is north Americanized. The food at the Grill is OK - steak was brutal though. (Jeeves pass me my floss) Service at the a la cartes is great. Nice post dinner apertifs too.The bars: great - and everywhere. Their beer is good too - Presidente. Banana mama -mmm. Cuba Libre -mmm por favorActivities: Great - they do a good job getting you involved and they know how to leave you alone too. Volleyball is great. Lots of step classes and dance classes. Waterpolo was great. They are good with kids if you have them. You can sign out windsurfers, boogie boards, snorkel gear, sea kayaks - all the equipment is in great shape. The shows: kind of weak. These people try really hard, and you have to admire the staff - you see the waterfront guys at 8:00 AM and doing activities all day long, and then they are dancing in the shows at night - work work work. While they are great on the beach, I would say they do not pull off the dancing - the resort needs to import more professional talent for the shows. The market: Interesting to learn how these people live and just how poor they are. If you go to the market you will clearly see how desperate they are for $1.00. We bought Ladimar stones, and rum. The cigars are fakes, but probably as good a smoke as you would get at home anyways - watch out for banana leaves though.Do's and don'ts: DO: go to the market down the beach don't: look at the market stuff forever - - its all the same trinkets, art, paintings etc. DO: go to the resort next store - you will see what a 4 star looks like in case you are wondering DO: get your money before you go - take American 1's. If yoiu take bigger money, they all pull the I got no change sr after you barter for price on something: Don't: ever pay full price for something:typically pay 1/3 of what they ask, remembering that, while its fun to barter, these people are sometimes starving - just pay them if you feel you are getting a better deal on stuff you could otherwise buy at home Don't: get change at the front desk: We got 8000 pesos out of the bank machine on site and went up to change it to American at the front desk - she tried to get a $30 service fee to which I immediately raised my middle finger in her general direction. Just pay in pesos. We ended up going to the bank at the casino next door, and traded 500 peso bills to 50 peso bills. Each 50 peso bill is equal to approximately $1.20 US, or $1.50 Canadian. Those bills make for great tipping. Do: tip early in the week - they will like you more for the rest of the week. DO: bring a big mug: the drink glasses are so friggen small you have to refill all the time, which is laboursome should you decide to hang down by the beach. DO: bring tons of lotion - the sun is sooo hot - I got caked my first day - maybe do a pretan in a bed DO: bring some long pants for dinner wear DO: pace yourself - if you like to party, there is plenty of time - the shock of the sun, booze, and heat can wipe you out after a winter of hibernating .Final DO: relax. You are in a third world country where stuff gets done when it gets done. If you are irritated about how long it takes Armondo to stop sweeping the floor to come over and pour you a Presidente, you are in the wrong spot. These people move at 5 miles per hour and have no sense of urgency - never have so why would they when you are standing there. That took me a few days to realize. Once you understand that, you are on holiday.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful Resort We returned from Punta Cana on March 20/04 and we had an absolute blast. My husband and I travelled with two other couples and we were satisfied with the resort. The resort was very clean, the food was good, the people were friendly and the weather was great. The only problem that we had was for the first two nights our room was stinky and the air didn't work to well. We were moved on our third day there to a beautiful room with a great view. We definitely recommend this resort.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay, beautiful country! We stayed at the Grand Paradise February 15th-22nd, 2004 and had a great time. The country is beautiful and the people are very nice and friendly. If you are looking for the hustle and bustle of Cancun, you aren't going to find it here. This is more of a relaxing place to visit as opposed to the party atmosphere of Cancun. There were a few little things that if you are a picky person and these things would ruin your vacation don't come here. Our closet door was off-track, someone came the next day to fix it. We had to wait until the afternoon to get a safe key. We never did end up getting a tv remote, but we were in a beautiful country, so we didn't watch much tv anyway. Avoid the timeshare people (white polo type shirts) and if they approach you just tell them you are not interested, they will leave you alone. We weren't able to get into the a la carte restaurants, so go early if you want to eat at them. Service is a little slow but you are in a foreign country and on vacation so RELAX!!! I speak Spanish fluently and the staff loved it once they found out, so they do appreciate it if you try to speak Spanish. The food was decent, there is always a big selection so you can find something to eat if you are picky (except a decent salad - everything is iceberg lettuce!?). I was a fan of the Dominican Corner which they have every night in the back of the buffet restaurant. They did have a Dominican night one night, which was my favorite night (least favorite was mexican night, not that great). Some pointers: if you want a beach spot in the shade, go out early! Wake up early and catch the sunrise, there is a great vista right around the corner, it is worth it! Bring lots of singles for tips. It is hard to get change in US dollars. The waiters and bartenders do appreciate tips. Eventhough this is an all-inclusive, these people make less than $100US a month. You can tell by giving them a buck or two each night it is appreciated. We gave our maid $2/day and we had great service. She gave us fresh flowers and a newspaper everyday along with diet coke since I asked her for it and they normally only put sprite/coke/water in the fridge. We went on the Saona Island excursion and it was a long day, but very nice, bring water shoes because the island water is rocky! We also went to Santo Domingo which was an even longer day, but if you are intereted in history, it is worth it. There are a lot of stairs, so be prepared to walk. The shopping in Santo Domingo was pretty good, too. We were able to get lots of souvenirs, cigars, rum and mama juana for cheap. The hotel stores and markets down the beach are very overpriced. Finally, we enjoyed the shows at night. They are a little cheesy, if you have been to other all-inclusives you know what I mean, but they are definitely better than other resorts we have stayed at in the Caribbean. Overall, we had a great time here and would definitely go back!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What to expect I was quite apprehensive travelling to this resort after reading some reviews but was very surprised. Those writing bad reviews must've been expecting the Plaza hotel. Lighten up, it's the Carribbean not an America hotel chain. I found the staff to be very friendly, however language is a problem, most speak Spanish, so any you know can come in handy. While it is frustrating you must remembr that you are in THEIR country and this is the language!!!! The beach was beautiful...one of the nicest I've ever been to!!! The food is ok just stick to the breads and fruits and you'll be fine. The Italian restaurant is wonderful and they have excellent wine available for $10.00. Our room was clean with fresh towels everyday. The one complaint would be the gift shop, as they never had change for your money and you were sent to various places to get change. So plan on bringing small bills, to tip. The spa was very nice and reasonable in pricing. Also, bring lots of sunscreen as the sun is incredibly strong!!! Overall I enjoyed my stay, and would definately come back. Just remember to be calm, and polite and you will receive excellent service!!!!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well Great Beach, Hotel was very clean and the staff were excellent, and couldnt do enough for us in the restaurants. The evening shows each night were enjoyable, and the staff putting them on worked very hard. The food was good, and the fish and fruit excellent. The weather was kind to us, a bit windy, but that was okay. The flight not too long.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A beach is a paradise, not the resort We stayed in the resort from Feb. 29, 2004 for 7 nights. A beach is a paradise. For people loving long beach walks it is the right place. The beach is over 30 miles long, we explored around 8 miles.The resort did not impress us. Facilities are average, so service and food. 4 stars rating is an exaggeration. 3 stars is all what can be rated and we saw many different Caribbean resorts. On the same beach in nearest neighborhood there are resorts: Breeze, Riu, Iberostar and opening soon Bahia Principe.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Beautiful  We absolutely loved this hotel/staff/location. My husband emailed the resort prior to our arrival indicating that he was surprising me with a trip to the Grand Paradise and that we would be celebrating our 7th Wedding Anniversary and my 34th Birthday. He asked if there was anything they could do to make this surprise even better. When we arrived at the hotel, we couldn't have asked for anything more/better. They upgraded our room to an oceanview/king size bed on the 3rd floor. They had champaign/fruit/bday cake waiting in the room for us. They were nothing but extraordinary when it came to communicating/housekeeping/service and introducing us to their culture/country. We have traveled significantly in the caribbean and this was definitely one of our favorites. The resort is rated a 4 star and if you are looking for a 6 Golden than that is what you should book and pay for. The price my husband paid for this week (1/31-2/8) including airfare from Milwaukee/transfers to and from airport/all inclusive 7 night stay/taxes and travel insurance/and all the wonderful extras came to $1,550 for the two of us. I can't imagine for that price and with all the wonderful things this hotel did to allow us the time of our life that we could complain. Yes our flight was delayed 4 hours in Milwaukee, but really was it that big of a deal since our arrival wasn't until 11 p.m. anyway. Yes the food didn't vary significantly but was definitely edible. AND from what I saw no one appeared to have gone without. We left $2 for the housekeeping staff everyday and had superb service from towels to flowers to a stocked refrigerator. The hotel was very clean/well staffed/plenty of chairs at the pool-beach/restaurants had edible food and were kept clean/many activities if you were willing to have some fun/pool bar-beach bar had plenty of variety and the drinks can be made as strong or as weak as you want as long as you are willing to communicate your request. The weather and the beach were absolutely beautiful along with the people servicing this resort. Everyone must keep this in mind you are on vacation, relaxation is the key. You are in a different country, a country without all the luxuries of your own. You must remember to respect those as you would want to be respected in your own country. AND yes learning a little Spanish/French etc is not much to ask when traveling abroad. AND it is definitely a plus to at least be able to communicate briefly and friendly.RUBENZ RUBENZ RUBENZ you are the best and my husband and I are forever indebted to you and the staff at the Grand Paradise for giving us a vacation of a lifetime. We'll be back!!!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marcsBrooklyn_NY
<Content>Loved the setting, not the resort I was there 2//16-2/23/04. If you like the beach, I recommend Punta Cana, but not this resort! The grounds, the beach, and the weather were beautiful. The room was large. However, a number of petty problems added up. The staff kept trying to check people into rooms that already had guests. Towels were at a premium. The house wines were undrinkable. Food (including salads with mayo) were left out unchilled for hours at an unairconditioned buffet. 3 of the 4 restaurants for dinner were indoor and windowless. The one open air restaurant near the beach limited itself to 25 people per sitting (because of the small kitchen) although it could actually seat 5 times that number. Nobody could make sense of the resort's non-reservation reservation system for getting a table at the specialty restaurants. By the way, if you have any concerns about climbing stairs, there are no elevators in the 3 story buildings, so make sure you get a 1st floor room.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>rather be in mexico We were here Feb6-13 and had a great time! The beach is great,the pool good too! I agree about the front desk...they are LOUSY!When we arrived ,our room was ready,our friends was not.We asked for a safe key and were toldthis afternoon,even though it was 1:30!!! We put our carry on bags in our room and went for lunch.The rest of our bags showed up at 430.When we checked our wallets we found almost 80 u.s. missing from 4 wallets! A life lesson for sure.Security came and said they'd be in touch within 24 hours.4 days later i went to find out what was happening!Apparently our room was the ONLY 1 in the resort they couldn't track via room lock!Hmmm........The food ain't great,but the weather sure was!! If you've booked here BE CAREFUL!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Resort We stayed at this Hotel Feb 13-22/04 and had a wonderful time. The rooms were spacious and clean. The Staff was friendly and always willing to help you out when asked. The Pool area was clean, lots of lounge chairs available! We arrived just prior to lunch and had our rooms within an hour of our arrival. The food was OK, but having stayed at other resorts in the area, it was no better or worse than what I had experienced before. The grounds were clean and well kept, even the public washrooms were cleaned on a regular basis! There was lots to do, if you wished to participate in the daily activicties. The beach area was very nice, lots of people, but they seemed to have lots of lounge chairs in that area also. The ocean was lovely, but a bit rough at times. The clientelle was mostly young families, or middle age couples, didn't seem to be a hot spot for the younger crowd ( 18-25). I wouldn't hestitate to go back, and recommend to friends and family.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not 4 star We were at Grand Paradise the week of Jan 31-Feb 7 2004. We arrived at 3am so service at the front desk was good-no one else was checking in. We found the grounds and the lobby to be very beautiful. Day 2 was different. I must say the staff was very friendly, however I would think with all the Americans that stay there the front desk people would speak better English. But thats ok-we are in their country. The front desk was very frustrating. Before we came down our travel agent said they had a currency exchange. NOT. We tried several times to get change for a $20.00 bill (response was come back in an hour). Go back-come back on and on. Gift shop is a huge rip off. They never had change either. Only pesos. Food was ok at the buffet but food was only luke warm. Never hot. I thought it was ok but my husband felt like he was on Survivor! The grill was good for lunch, but always the same food. We never got into the other restuarants for dinner as we did not want to wait until 8:30pm to eat dinner. That whole dinner policy needs to change-ALOT of frustrated customers every nite. People were very upset who had waited in line for 45 minutes only to be told to come back in you guessed it, 1 hour. Took the 1 hour horseback ride-had a great time. I must say the people who live there and work there are so warm and kind. I found them very endearing. (except the people at the front desk). The beach was exceptional the pool area very nice the weather supurb! Last but not least-on our last day our plane did not leave until 11:00pm. Therefore we had late checkout of 1:00pm. What to do until evening!! Front desk people said dont worry-come back by 5:oopm and we will give you a courtesy room so you can shower before you leave. NOT! Went back at 4:45 only to find about 10 other families waiting for one courtesy room. The problem is they had no waiting list of any kind. The guy at the front desk just yelled NEXT after one couple was done. Needless to say everyone thought they were the next ones. Very unorganized!!! We got tired of waiting our turn (1 and 1/2 hours). so we ended up washing up in the lobby restroom. Not good. I would never go back there. Loved the Dominican Republic just not this resort.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great vacation!!! Mind a few details.... We just returned from one week at Grand Paradise Bavaro. The vacation was excellent and we had a great rest. We were very surprised at all of the bad reviews posted. We have traveled to different resorts in several countries and this one was of 4- 4+ calibre.On the positive side: - The grounds were nice - Very well maintained - Very clean - The beach was fantastic - Ocean was clam and clear of rocks or seaweed - Great for star viewing at night - Lots of shady palms at the beach - The hotel area feels secluded - It is not congested - The weather is great - The staff were friendly - Evening meals at the grill restaurant were superbOn the negative side: - We couldn't find do not disturb sign, so there is no guaranteed privacy - Due to the building architecture, echoes of door banging can be heard - If you sleep with the balcony open you can sometimes hear the staff making noise at night - The hotel allows time-share people to sell property at the resort. They hover around the buffet entrance at peak times. They can be aggressive and hard to avoid. - There are no beach chairs in shade after 9am - There is not enough shade around pool - The adjacent beaches are not developed, this makes it the beach area look undeveloped and secluded. However, when you walk in those areas you do see some grabage (which is evidently left by the tourists).In the middle: - Rooms were average (but you are outside all day) - There is less wildlife and shade compared to neighbouring hotels - It is less busy then neighbouring hotels - The buffet tends to be busy at dinner - There is no pool bar - Meal portions in the specialty restaurants are generous - For our taste the sweet local drink mixes were good, the wine was notRecommendations for a great trip there: - We stayed in room 2206 which was excellent- ocean view and secluded from the noise of the pools. I would request this room again if we return. - It is a different country. Expecting all of the food, drinks, or the work ethic of North America may lead to disappointment. The staff work very hard to satisfy the guests and maintain high standards. - Butter cookies at lunch are amazing - Fruits and fruit jucies at breakfast were superb, along with the crepes, baguettes or croissants - Lunch crowd dwindles around 2:00 - Dinner tends to get less busy around 8:00, specialty restaurants are rarely booked for this time if you ask around 7:00 - The grill restaurant at night is romantic, with good food, excellent service and a quiet atmosphere  
<Date>Feb 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing! Had the most wonderful experience at this resort. Everyone was kind and FUN. Service was impeccable and the food was pretty good. Can't think of a negative thing to say! Beautiful beach!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LindaCheam
<Content>Absolute Paradise! We have just returned from Grand Paradise Hotel in Bavero and it was absolutely idyllic! We had heard pre-conceived ideas about Dominican Republic but this was just paradise. The beach was stunning, the food superb in the main buffet restaurant and the cocktails were available morning noon and night! A lovely touch was afternoon tea on the little lake in the middle of the resort where there were ducks and a heron! Everyone was friendly and helpful and the entertainment team worked extremely hard to keep everyone happy. There was even a disco if you felt energetic enough! We spent a fantastic day going to the Island of Saona which was just like our Bounty Advert at home! and a day at Santa Domingo the Capital of the island. Apart from the speciality restaurants which were mostly half full - we couldnt quite grasp the booking system - and it wasnt worth the effort of going, the hotel was 1st class. We will be returning again next year and hopefully taking some more friends with us.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jackyl042
<Content>Great vacation Reading past reviews, I was quite nervous about this hotel but I just cannot believe the bad things people wrote... the must be very picky because we had a great time.On the upside, The beach is very beautiful with many palm trees, the water is clear blue, the hotel is clean and the employees are all very nice and friendly. Food was very good, especially the lunch and dinner at La Cana Grill as well as the Italian restaurant. We went 3 nights at the Buffet (different theme each night) and it was very good. We had the French, Mexican and Gala themes. The activities are great and you can enjoy great snorkeling among many colofull fish if you go to the north side of the swiming zone with bread and/or bananas. Tennis court is very nice, you can boogie board in very nice waves past the Breezes hotel, warm water, very huge and nice pool.On the downside, the sports bar is not to nice and lacks athmosphere and the domestic wine is awfull. Another downside, the people that await you outside the buffet to sell you a vacation club membership (avoid those people, unless you want to loose some precious time). Also, no pool bar...The rooms are OK, but since we are outdoors the whole time, it's OK.All in all, a great holiday !!!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Grand Paradise Hola, my husband and I were at the Grand Paradise from the 11th to the 25th of January. We loved every minute of it! Friendly people, excellent food, clean - everything o.k. We'll be there next year for sure!!!  
<Date>Feb 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay away!! I wouldn't have mindnd this hotel if I had been charged for a bargain basement vacation. We booked this vacation 8 months ago as a preferred clinet with our travel agent and our first room had stained ceilings, a broken closet, and a shower that didn't work. There were three small drawres for 2 people, so we couldn't fully unpack. Also, it was very dark in the room due to the energy saving bulbs used. The room was unacceptable and we were ready to either return home or switch hotels but they upgraded us to an ocean view, which made a difference in the enjoyment of the room but not in the underlying chintziness of the facility. I suppose they figure many people will drink all day and not notice or care. I have travelled alot and, in fact, had been to Puerto Plata the year before, and, despite the fatc it rained, had a great time in a beautiful resort (Iberostar). There were so many example of cheapness, I can't list them but one illustration I will mention: the housekeeper gave us USED shampoo bottles. The food was medicocre, tepid, and repetitive. I would not go to another Amhsa if I got a free vacation!! PS. The three things that the hotel had no control over were great, the ocean, the beach, and the weather. And the manager was very helfpul when we complained but he can't do anything about the lack of charm at Amhsa.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just 'OK" My fiance and I were at this hotel from Jan. 24-31 2004 and judging from the reviews I wasn't sure if this was the best decision that I had made or not. After you read this, you be the judge.THE GOOD POINTS:The flight to Punta Cana was amazing, Jetsgo left a great impression on us and got us to the island right on time. Upon arriving at the hotel our jaws dropped as to how gorgeous the grounds were, palms trees swaying and everything was immaculate. Weather for the whole week was beautiful, there was one night of rain, but it was in the late evening so you could hardly notice it.The BAD POINTS:As we checked in to the hotel, the rumours are TRUE, the hotel staff are rude and non-customer oriented. I work in customer service so i was appalled by the service i received. First of all, they forgot to give us our bands and when i asked for both a safe and an extra room key, they told me to 'come back later' as they were too busy. Our room was 'okay', a bit musty, the closet doors were falling off the tracks but otherwise it was decent. The food overall in the resort was okay, the a la carte ones were great (if you can get in there) and their reservation system is so complicated at times that people were waiting in line to complain. The service in general is so/so, not what you would expect from a four star. Food was okay, however, my fiance and I both came down with symptoms of stomach flu (his came in the middle of the week, mine came the day after our trip). Not Fun. As for tipping, one day we tipped the maid 2 dollars, and received fabulous service. The next day, we tipped 5 dollars, and received nothing, not even towels. It was a real hit or miss, which was a common theme throughout our stay.One more word of advice, if you are single and young, DO NOT go to this hotel. The crowd seemed to be around late 30's to seniors. If you're young and looking for fun, go to the Breezes next store.To sum it up, my fiance and I both agreed that this hotel can be compared to a beautiful woman with no brain. It's beautiful to look at, but no substance/no character to it. If you have any questions, please e-mail me to discuss this further.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place Just returned from one week stay at the Grand Paradise Bavaro Resort and I have nothing bad to say about the place. We went with another couple who travell twice a year and they said this resort is tough to beat. The food was good the beach was awesome the weather was fantastic no rain,the staff were very friendly, the resot is definitely a place to talk highly of. The rooms were kept spotless the grounds were kept very nice I just can't say anything bad about this resort. I highly recommmend it to anyone. Be prepared there is alot of topless and alot of thong. Pretty well all couples not a spot to meet single people. Would go back again.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lousy Hotel great weather I have been to the Dominican the year before (Puerto Plata) and was eager to return and see the Carribean side. I have been to other 3rd world countries, Europe, Middle East and have experienced many languages. I speak decent Spanish. The people were helpful and friendly. My experience was very cheap accomodations - the 4 star rating is misleading. (If it were rated 2 star with a 2 star cost, then I would not feel compelled to complain). Beds on rollers, sheet don't fit, only 3 small drawers per room, sliding doors that are rusted and can't move, closet doors broken, off track and leaning against the wall, tile with flaking grout, ceilings with stains, light fixtures that drip water, lights so dim that you cannot read at night. All doors could not be shut without a resounding Bang and the bangs echoed thoughout the cement hallways. All night long--bang bang bang as people returned to their rooms. I am not a light sleeper but I was often bolted awake. We had 2 different rooms--both had the same problems. (One room was a best room with a gorgeous ocean view!) We tip frequently and the staff was friendly but they weren't responsible for the shoddy construction and maintenance of this facility--it felt like a Sav-A-Lot motel with a high price tag. The food was good on occasion and mediocre and lukewarm most of the time. We are both avid experimental eaters of all cuisines. We are not normally fussy. The pool bar was very good and served nice tropical drinks. The manager was calm and helpful. I think he was used to the complaints. Every day we noticed lines of people waiting to complain. We suggest elsewhere for a vacation and that this place be re-rated to prevent 4 star expectations. Our hotel in Puerto Plata was so much more than this one for less money.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awful food and poor quality alcohol The food was awful and the alcohol was very poor in quality. The resort management was very uncaring of any problems that came up. The beaches are beautiful and the weather is great.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I liked the Amhsa Marina song!!!! Although I stayed there in September '03, I just have a hard time believing some of these bad reviews. I thought everyone (staff) was soo friendly, and helpful. My only complaint would be toward the end of the week the cleaning staff seemed to want to clean our room during the later afternoon (between 4-6 p.m.). That became annoying. I have to say their amination team was a lot of fun, the beach was BEAUTIFUL, the food....not bad. I would actually like to go back soon!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Vacation and Wedding!!!! The first thing that I would like to say is not to listen to all the negative reviews that people are leaving about Grand Paradise Bavaro. We stayed at the resort from January 10th, 2004 to January 17th, 2004. My husband and I got married there, and it was everything we ever expected and even more. 23 people joined us there for the week and some even stayed for two weeks. Every single person who came with us loved everything about the resort. I can t believe how some people complain about the service, everyone including the cleaning stuff was always smiling and were willing to do pretty much anything when asked to. The food was great, a lot to choose from. The rooms were clean and well maintained. The entertainment was amazing. The grounds of the resort were beautiful, not to mention the gorgeous beach and the palm trees. The bartenders were always happy to serve you, they even danced for you when they served you a drink, and that's even without a tip. If you are planning to get married in Punta Cana, I would recommend Grand Paradise Bavaro. The wedding coordinator, Katalin is great, she helped us with our dream wedding to be as great as it turned out.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was paradise! First of all I must say that i was very surprised to read the negative comments about this resort - you are all either very difficult travellers or you expected the people that worked there to be your servants. I have travelled to 3 plus and 6 star resorts so I feel comfortable saying what is a bad resort and what is not - and this resort definitely was not bad at all. I have just returned from a one week stay and it was the best week i have ever had. The weather was great, the food was amazing, the people that worked and entertained on the resort were very friendly! it doesn't hurt to give the staff a dollar here or there, the service is good either way. it's actually a nice to do - you must realize that these people don't make much money and they work very hard - enough about that...i found that the staff spoke english very well, but it helps if you speak italian or spanish. there was always food available and tons to drink. the place is constantly kept clean - whether it is your room or the pool area. the beach is beautiful - very clean! i would definitely go back to this resort. Remember - treat others the way you want to be treated - it goes along way. Being rude does not get you very far.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Good! We stayed at Grand Paradise Bavaro the week of Janury 9-16, 2004. Overall we have nothing but postive things to say about that place. Just remember that you are in the Carribean and the pace is way slowwwwwwwwer. But who cares you are on vacations!! Also keep in mind that Spanish is the official language. Maybe learn the basics before you go away... The food was good, the buffet had a nice variety. The Chinese (A la Carte) was the best!). We didn't get to try the Italian restaurant, you have to go around 6pm othewise forget it. I wouldn't recommend this place for honeymooners (unless you are just looking for a tan). The rooms were clean, nothing to complain about the noice. Good place for family.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SoozToronto
<Content>Punta Cana, yes; Grand Paradise NO! It's hard to write a bad review when I'm now surrounded by snow but I must. The service was horrible. Everything was on a tip first and it might get done later basis. Many of the staff were friendly, many were not, there is very little english to be had and the front desk staff seems annoyed at the thought of clients. We wish there was more information (in english) on things to do and what was going on both inside and outside the resort. The beach was the nicest I've seen, we swam everyday and snorkled with the fish feeding them bannanas and bread. No need to go on a snorkle adventure there are free masks and flippers for guest use just sign them out. However you would never know this as there is no information. Thankfully I read reviews from Trip Advisor before I went so we knew to take a $15 US cab ride to a restaurant called Captain Cooks. It is cheap and delicious seafood right on the beach, surrounded by a market and little town. It makes for a good afternoon trip. The Captain Cooks boat will return you to your hotel for free before 5pm. There is also a small grocery store across from the restaurant to buy any forgotten essentials for a resonable price. Stay out of the hotel shop, robbery. We bought coffee to bring home for approx. $1.50 CAN and it's the best. Lots of good in Punta Cana but the service at the hotel put us off, we'll return to Punta Cana, to Captain Cooks but not to the Grand Paradise.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BrianPhilip
<Content>Great vacation in Punta Cana Just returned from a great trip to Punta Cana where we stayed at the Gran Paradise Bavaro. The beach was great with lots of huts to provide shade. The weather was perfect, sunny and 85 every day!! The food at the buffet was fair to good but the meals at the a' la carte restaurants were excellent! The rooms were adequate and clean. All in all it was a very relaxing vacation. We can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>markmark_8
<Content>Grand Paradise Bavaro a grand experience This was our first trip to the Caribbean other than a cruise so I really cant compare to other resorts or give a higher or lower rating.I found the hotel to be clean.People always cleaning up inside and out.Most people working on the resort were friendly.Some of the European guests very rude.Stealing pool chairs that had your towels on them and butting in ahead of other people for drinks.Thank god there were a lot of Canadians staying here.We also met a lot of Americans staying here.who were nice to talk to.Our room nerer had bugs.(3rd floor)The pools were better than the five star hotels that we saw.The beach area was also better in my opinion.The food was fine..lots of variety.They had live music on three nights including new years eve.The shows were put on by the staff but they were entertaining.Tennis courts were very good.Plenty of bikes but a little rusty.Entertaing events by the pool all day long.The weather was fantastic even though it rained at least once a day for a few minutes and was windy most of the day but if not you would have been sweating.Overall we had a pretty good time and would probably stay at the resort again if we go back to the Dominican.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Conquest rep - please read First of all, if your a Conquest Rep and reading this, you might want to consider pulling this hotel from you brochures or change the rating. The brochure rated this a 4 star. It only got a one out of me for the fact it had a nice beach. Conquest just lost a customer, I will never choose Conquest again as it has shown me that there ratings are all out of wack. Our Honey moon was recked because of this resort. THE ENTIRE RESORT WAS DISORGANIZED. 80% of the resort were Canadian, which is cool. But don't you think that there might be a little more employees that spoke english. And if you don't agree with that thats fine, but when ever a guest asked an employee for any info and they didn't understand, they just turned there back on you and walked away without trying to figure out what your asking. With the exception of a handfull of employees there, they just didn't care. We had giant sized roaches in our room the first night. We asked to be switched and were denied. He said that they would spray the room. I had to call 4 times to get the guy down there. - I still killed at least 8 more giant sized roaches after that. The food was terrible and you might as well used the cutlery from the guy next to you because it was never cleaned anyway. The reservations systems made no sense at all as you had to line up an hour before the restaurants opened to make a reservation - that was fun!!!!!! The bartenders at the bar - it was bad enough that everyone was in slowmode already, but when they would prefer to carry on a conversation with the guy pretending to mop behind the counter instead of serving your drinks, and not to mention there was hardly ever more then one bartender behind each bar, was extremly irritating. The rooms were nice looking with the exception of the giant roaches. There wasn't a do not disturb sign in my room so every morning a maid would bang on the door at 8:30 for house keeping. At that time we would tell her to come back later - which would be 8pm????? We went on a couple of excursions and spoke to people from other hotels. The best response were from the people from the RIU's and the Iberostars. They all loved it and had no complaints. Spend the extra money and go to one of these resorts. Don't judge Punta Cana from this review, just the Grand Paradise Bavaro and Conquest Ratings.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Vacation!! First of all, I was a little nervous to go to Grand Paradise after reading some of the shady reviews. What a pleasant surprise to find a wonderful resort. Here's some hints about what you might find when you arrive: CHECK-IN - not bad at all, just be sure to ask for a spare key (to turn on the electricity) and for a TV remote (which probably won't work but give it a try anyway). Very quick process, and they ply you with rum punch while you wait. ROOMS - very clean. I was pleasantly surprised to find no bugs and modern bathroom facilities (except for the fact that they request that you don't flush toilet paper - does anyone actually follow that sick rule?). We tipped the maid $2US everyday and always had a clean room and a stocked mini-fridge (Coke, Sprite, bottled water). This is the only area that I have big complaint...any person who works on the resort has access to get into your room at all times. We had the same women (not a maid by the way) come into our room twice while we were in it. When she realized that we were in there she looked very shocked and then asked us if everything was OK (we had made no complaints that would call for someone to check on us). In my opinion that is unacceptable and think that something should be done to stop that. BEACH - so beautiful! The beach is straight from a postcard with soft sand, aquamarine water and palm trees everywhere. Just make sure that you are out by 8:00ish in the morning to claim your chairs for the day. A little tip...don't pay to go snorkeling, it is a big waste of money. Go to the activities stand and sign out a snorkel (you get an hour free every day) and go off the beach at the resort. Bring a banana and you will be a hit with the fish. FOOD  DRINK - better than expected. For the first few nights we ate at the buffet for every meal and that was alright, you get to try many things that you never would at home. On the third night we discovered La Cana (by the beach) which is where I would recommend eating dinner every night. The choices from the menu are excellent (fillet mignon, jerk chicken, cosa nuestra, shrimp, fahitjas, and so much more) but just make sure to be there at around 6:30pm to get a decent dining time. As for the drinks, very strong!! When you ask for an alcoholic drink (and always be sure to specify if you want alcohol in it, cause if you don't say, they won't put it in), they are not shy with the booze. Sometimes a little strong for my liking but hey you're on vacation!!! So overall, I thought that the resort was great. I would recommend Grand Paradise to anyone and hope to return soon.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing vacation We went there for our honeymoon the room was perfect service was excellent food was very good with a lot of varieties. The staff is great and very helpful a lot of activities for all. If I have to go to the republic Dominican again I will choose this hotel for sure.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average Lovely beach and pool and even better - very few Americans. The food is 80% terrible as are the drinks. Stick with the Dominican beer. If you have young children beware - the crib that the hotel supplied fell appart and we had to tie it together with straps that we had along. They never bothered to bring a safe new crib. The entertainment was sad - worse than a 2nd grade school pageant.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Stay Here This was our 3rd trip to Punta Cana; had it been our 1st (staying here) we would have never returned. There are much better hotels further down the beach.The property is very nice, room  check in average. When travelling to the DR you always have to remember the pace is slow and the quality of food  service may not be what we are used. You also have to realize there will be a language barrier. Having said that this hotel would tax the patience of a saint.All travel magazines show 3 al a carte restaurants; in my opinion it should state limited seating or some restrictions apply. This would give you a red flag prior to booking your trip. We were told by the staff that they only take 20 people every hour for 3 seatings due to the fact that they do not have sufficient personal to handle more. You can't make reservations. You line up at 6:30 (once people figured this out the line up started at 6:00). This is not something I wanted to do on a vacation. If you want the 7:00 PM seating and the 20 people in front of you do also you are out of luck; often you have already waited 30 min only to be turned away. All three are very nicely decorated and could easily seat over 100 people at a time. It is very frustrating to be turned away when 80% of it is empty. One nite we went to see the manager and there were many people doing the same thing; believe me everyone was complaining.We managed to eat one nite in the Italian-service good; one nite at the grill-service terrible-took over an hour to get served our main course. Each time we ate we had to chase the wine/bar servers. If lucky you will get a glass of wine initially but never a 2nd. We ate most of our meals in the buffett and everytime (breakfast, lunch  dinner) we had to set or partially set our own table. They are very disorganized. The food is not very good anywhere so don't frustrate yourself by trying to get into the al a carte restaurants-its not worth it (unless you want to get away from the noise  dirty tables at the buffett restaurant).Compared to other resorts we found the staff not very friendly-probably because everyone was complaining. We actually felt sorry for them.There is no other hotel on one side as a result there is garbage along the beach once you get past the hotel area. This is somewhat disappointing as the beach is so beautiful.All other problems were minor  part of travelling to Punta Cana.If you opt for this hotel-go only for the beach  weather as you will be disappointed in the service and food. Last time we went to Punta Cana we stayed at the Hodelpa-we had absolutely no complaints.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY Having traveled extensively, I can honestly say that this was the WORST trip I have ever taken. The food is disgusting...rooms filthy...service even worse. No clean towels, lots of fun bugs in the rooms, no water for showers, no clean tablecloths or silverware at meals...sporadic maid service...not enough food... and everything costs extra (all inclusive? NOT!)Please do not ruin your vacation. Go somewhere else!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Looks good but........ I went with my g/f for xmas 2003, we are both in our early 30s. We were there for 5 days, no kids. I'm Italian she's American (seems to be mostly Europeans and catered more towards European families).Resort general considerations: 30 minutes bus ride from the airport, first impression is very nice!! took us no more than 10 minutes to check in!!! luggage is brought directly to the room.Rooms: appear very clean and nice, airconditioned with clean and up-to-date bathrooms. HOWEVER, most of the rooms (we changed 3!!) smell like meldew due to the high humidity so beware if you are allergic (my g/f had a hard time, I didn`t care too much). BRING your own Rx allergy meds (costs $50 just to see the doctor and 10-20$/ medicine you get-benadryll/nose spray/etc).Beach: very nice but VERY thin (the sea has eaten it all) and you need to move further right or left. CONSIDER that the resort faces to the east thus towards the open ocean which means high chance of strong winds and currents (ofcourse it depends on the day). There is no drink serving on the beach but you can bring your own from the bar. The water is warm and very blue/green very nice.Pool: very nice, big and clean but go get your chair early in the morning or you wan`t have a nice spot for sunbathing. There is NO swim-up bar in the pool.Food: there are 3 restaurants of which 2 require reservations, which can be made only the same day at a specific time so plan ahead and the food is only avearge. The 3rd restaurant/cafeteria style is a self service/buffet with a huge variety of food but the quality is below average. You`ll need to learn what to choose/avoid. Sevice at the table is ok but slow and confused.General considerations: there is a nice market every other day in the resort where they sell local crafted things. It`s nice but sellers are VERY pushy. From time to time some authorized locals will try to sell you TIMESHARES and VACATION PACKAGES which is great if you like this ****.There are mostly FAMILIES with lots of kids. If you plan a romantic (honeymoon) vacation I WOULDN`T go there.Final consideration: despite the meldew smell in the room(s) we had a good time (due to beautiful weather) but we wouldn`t go back there. By the way, it helps to konw spanish.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice place I just returned from the Gran Paradise Bavaro in Punta Cana. This hotel was very nice as well as the beach. The food was alright, not amazing.(had better,had worse)but lots of desserts! The grounds are very nice, although more care needs to be taken with the pool area. Cleaning the pool etc. The rooms are adequate. When you tip the maids, you will receive better service. 5 oclock high tea was a nice touch, with premium liquors. The alacarte restaurants were fine. The so called reservation system needs some adjustment, as many people were told to come at certain times and then there were no tables which caused some problems, but this was Christmas/New Years. Overall a fun place and would go back.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NYVacationMaven
<Content>Grand Paradise Bavaro a Gem The place was excellent over all. Weather was perfect as it always is in the Dominican Republic. The activities and staff were exceptionally nice. the food was especially good and diverse (4 restaurants). The place was much lower key than Breezes next door, which was loud and large. The Grand Paradise had a great beach, pool, tennis, volleyball all day. Nice disco for teens. Only criticism is that while horseback riding and HobieCats were available as part of the inclusive package, you had to literally line up at the 10am opening of the Activities Desk to sign up for them, as there were not enough boats or horses to accommodate the demand.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lookled great, service...well don't get me sarted! The resort was beautiful! I have never gone anywhere overseas before so I am sure I'm easily amazed. First off, they overbooked the hotel and offered all these people a free trip to Santo Domingo(Big City). We just wanted to get out of there for a while, so we took the trip. The trip was awsome, if your looking for more a of cultural experience, do the trip (if your offered)! When we got back we had to wait 2 hours to get into our room. When we finally got the door open, there was a man standing there naked with all of his stuff strewn around! He was outraged and so were we. I was ready to junp over the front counter and ring somebodies neck. After all that, we got a room on the first level....wich I don't recomend(lots of centipedes....gross) at least this time we had a king sized bed. The food was horrible. Stick to the pasta bar for dinner, trust me. The seafood was always overcooked or not cooked properly. Never eat the soup, they make they're pizza out of yesterdays leftovers....hot dog pizz? Give me a break. Everyone seemed to be nice, except for the fact barely anyone spoke english! Pretty frustrating stuff. We spent way too much money on this trip.....next time it's 5 star all the way! Drink as much as you can, the food tastes better, the people look better and basically you just don't notice any of the bad things! Order a Cocoa loco(very yummy) Have fun!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Honeymoon spot We are writing to you 7 months after our trip. We were both on our honeymoon and met at the resort and became friends. PEI is visiting here in Toronto for the holidays. The 4 of us can say that we had a great time at Grand Paradise. However: The bus ride from the airport was pretty wild. When we got to the resort, neither of our keys worked and it took the staff quite a while to get them right. For a tourist resort, no one spoke english and there sare people there trying to get you to buy some vacation package that is actually a rip off. They take up about 3 hours of your time........do not go there!!!!! Other than that, the food was good, the beach was beautiful, very clean resort but the maids can show up anytime between 9am and 6pm, did not like that. Look out for the photographer: Eddy: great guy! If you see him, tell him Lee,Cat,Allan and Courtney say hi...lol. As if he will remember us but hey, you never know!! The internet never worked and you cannot get snacks after 10pm only nachos and they are nasty. The gift shop though is a HUGE rip off. $6 American for a bag of chips and if you go to the market, BARGAIN as much as you can. You will get a great deal. Have fun,relax and ONLY bring american dollars or Pesos. They will give you such a hard time trying to change travelers cheques. They won't so don't bring em!!!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>better then we expected Took a last minute trip for 6 nights from Decemebr 15th, 2003 til Dec 21st, 2003. We booked the trip with a 3 day notice and got a terrific deal at $599 + taxes (Can). Since it was such a good deal, we were a little concerned if the hotel was going to be good or not.To our total delight, the resort was fabulous. I thought the layout was well done because the beach bar, swimming pool, volleyball court, games and THE BEACH was all within 1 minute of each other...so the there was always energy, activities and music happining all the time! I sometimes can get bored easily, so, all I had to do was get up and play something or do something! When I was ready to relax, the beach was a minute away!Regarding the other report about the timeshare guy, we only saw him twice and he hardly bothered us, so hopefully that problem has been corrected.The only concern we had was, that our room was on the main floor and we did see a couple of bugs, so we contacted the reception right away and they sprayed-I'd recommend staying on the 2nd or 3rd floor.I'm 43 years old and my wife is 42-we have travelled a fair bit and we'd go back to this resort!  
<Date>Dec 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kevlaur
<Content>very enjoyable indeed! We (3 adults, 2 kids) left NJ armed w/ reviews from trip advisor - I took it's advice and felt prepared and somewhat distressed by the bad reviews. The resort was accomodating and the staff was really very nice. The food was not as good as the other all inclusives, but we always found something worthy and again the staff was wonderful and attentive. The shows were pathetic and we did give up on them, but we also spent most of our nites in the sports bar watching the world series. Don't think I would ever get used to the topless/nude bathing though- one minute I'd be watching my children play in the surf, the next people would plop in front of me and take their tops off (or more)! kinda freaky~  
<Date>Dec 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>worst honeymoon trip WORST HONEYMOON TRIP ..don't go.. the service at the front desk was Terrible.. the food wan't that great it was okay.. the italian was good the sea food was okay they just give you a bit of lobster tail 1/2 of it .. wow.. the entertainment was terrible.. i didn;t like it at all.. the sheets were not changed everyday that was another bad thing,, the maid were good but i guess they don;'t give them sheets for the bed eveyday.. and i got bites all over me..  
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A GREAT TIME We just got back from our 7 days at the Paradise 11-29 to 12-06 And thats what it was Paradise , negative remarks are to small to talk about , Don't be afraid to try this place. Clean,Helpful,fun,romantic ....just plain Pardise!!  
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not worth the plane ticket Nice looking resort in the book and in person, thats not the problem. The problem was the food and service. The will not make anything special to order, everything tastes the same. The service was the worst we have ever had. We are seasoned travellers and would never go back. We actually recieved a large sum of money back from the travel company due to all the problems we came across. We are not picky, nor do we complain, but we had to on this one. POOR FOOD, POOR SERVICE, GREAT RESORT, what a shame!!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would have been greate EXCEPT!!! We just got back from our 7 day vacation at Grand Paradise Bavaro on Nov. 24, 2003. I have been reading all of the reviews and NOT ONE of them mentions the problems my husband and I encountered! We definitely enjoyed the food, although the variety was a bit more limited than we had enjoyed at other resorts (a previous trip to Dominican Republic at the Riu Bambu, Barcello Beach Resort on the Mayan Riviera in Mexico, Sol Melia in Cayo Largo, Cuba). The resort itself is very beautiful and the pictures we found on the net did not do it justice. The staff were very accommodating when we asked for a change of rooms, as the Gardenview room they had assigned us initially looked out onto the road, after which we got a splendid room overlooking the pool! The variety of people from all different countries only served to spice it up and we were definitely NOT offended by the nudity in the form of toplessness or thongs. Frankly, North Americans have a long way to go to get over their childish hang-ups about their own bodies.  However, I DID find the time-share salesmen EXTREMELY ANNOYING! The hard-sell tactics got downright ridiculous when the same people not only accosted us just outside of the lobby and buffet dining room (which made it difficult to avoid them), but even when we were minding our own business tanning around the swimming pool. The final straw for me came when one of these desperados accosted us just as we were finishing our beach walk and accused us of NOT REMEMBERING HIM when in point of fact, he had forgotten that he had personally accosted us at least two or three times PER DAY in the first three days of our arrival. This proves that the management at this hotel was more concerned about ensuring future reservations than the immediate comfort of their guests. It obviously does not occur to them that the two are intertwined.  It would have been nice if they could have done something or at least lodged a complaint about the constant helicopters buzzing their guests overhead! Between them and the persistent salesman, it was impossible to get the rest and recreation this resort promised.  Although the rooms were equipped with individual thermostats to control the air conditioning, I think that was a mere courtesy as they did not work. The more we adjusted one way or the other, the colder we got! This made it difficult to have a shower without freezing, as the showerheads were NOT adjustable and no matter where we pointed them, they got the floor wet. We had to drop it in the tub, soap up while freezing and then quickly pick the showerhead up to rinse off!!! Someone must have had a good laugh at the guests' expense when they designed these gems!  I would have loved to take my four children there, as they resort is truly beautiful and the staff does try to please, but the drawbacks are a little too much to have to put up with. Too bad........  
<Date>Nov 26, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing fun! This resort was so amazing in so many ways! The beach was so nice and the staff are so friendly! I went there with a friend and we met so many people there. I would recomend this resort to anybody looking for a livley place to go! We had so much fun and made so many friends!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just got back...wished for a few more beautiful days! Just returned home tonight from a six night trip to the Grand Paradise Bavara. I went with my sister and my best friend from college. For a trio of girls in their twenties we had a wonderful time. There is so much to do and see that I wised we had a few more days. The people of the Dominican Republic could not be any nicer. Both at the hotel, with our excursions, and around the area. Our room was a little musty at first but with the air turned on and my sister bought a candle, we soon felt right at home. The queen beds were a little small and so I asked for a roll a way bed just in case we needed it and they had it in the room within the hour at no extra charge. The housekeeping surface was top rate...I had brought some soap and shower gifts that we gave to the housekeeper the first day and then on the final day..I left a collection of school supplies and wrote her a note to give to her children or children who could use them. She was always great at making sure we had as much bottled water as we asked for and whatever kind of bottled caffinated drinks we requested. We took the opportunity to take Domingo up on his offer and paid $35.00 (U.S) to go horseback riding. You can do a free hour ride in the morning or the two hour ride in the afternoon you pay for but you also get to explore a beautiful cave and take a small hike. We did this and one thing Domingo the guide should have told us was to wear tennis shoes and not riding boots...riding boots are fine for horseback riding but not for the hiking over rocks. If you like riding fast...at about a canter on the beach the two hour ride is a must!! The other ecursion we did was one that came with our travel package..the trip to Soanoma. This was a LONG day..and we had not realized it was going to be so long. We took two buses to get to the town that we then boarded a speed boat to the island. We ate lunch provided for us on the island and sun bathed. We then were taken from a speed boat to a catermoran boat. On the boat there was dancing and drinking...oh and lots of rain (which was freezing)...the rain was the only part that was not fun..the rest was a good time but cold after being rained on. We did not realize that rainy season had started and so we were not completely prepared for the rain. The locals said that the rainy season started earlier this year and that the last couple of years had been harder to predict. The rest of the week we stayed around the hotel laying out by the pool, playing pool games, water areobics, and talking with all kinds of people from differnet countries. We explored the diso one night with some guys from Italy. They spoke a little french and my sister understands french and so it was fun to try and communicate. With the more we drank and danced the less of an effort we had to make and it all turned into a fun time. The only downside in our opinion was the food. We were not completely impressed but also we did not go there to eat..we went to get sun and relax. The safe food for us was the chicken at the grill. I enjoyed the asian food the most of any speciality restaurant. I was dissapointed that each night the desserts were about the same, I was hoping for a little more variety...but it also saved me some calories because I didn't always eat the dessert. Also the other aspect that was different for me was the shopping and hard selling. My sister and I went to Plaza Bavara to shop and we were not prepared for a few Domincans to be outside every store begging you to come in and look around and when you go in the store they follow you around. Also bargening was not something we were use to but my sister did very well with her purchases. We found that if you don't give any eye contact that they don't approach you as aggressively, but again that is not something we were use to so it was hard to change in just a week. The other aspect of confusion for several travelors was how much you had to pay to come and leave the country. It is never really discussed so I will let you all know this is how it is as of the date that we went. You have to pay $10.00 (u.s. dollars) to enter the country. When you pay $10.00 you recieve a tourist card which you need to keep for your return flight. I put mine with my passport and ticket. When you return home you have to turn it in at the airport. If you lose it that is when you have to pay $20.00 to get out of the country. If you have the card you pay nothing to get out..you just turn the card in!! So many people on our bus were really stressed about this point so I wanted to make it very clear. But overall my sister and I agreed we would go back and would have loved a few more days to relax and enjoy the beautiful country and its people.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2003
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honeymoon Paradise We spent our Honeymoon at this Paradise from October 20 - 27th. I have to say it was everything I dreamed it could be. Previously reading reports had helped me to ensure that we had the money for the safe key, departation tax and even leaving a little tip for the cleaning lady everyday. These tips helped to make my holdiday a success. As for the resort. We had everything we could want. The staff was pleasant and always smiling. A simple Ola from you to them was greeted with a bigger smile. They are there to offer you and assistance you might need. The recreation staff seem to be made of energy. Always full of fun ideas even when they were following the plans that were already in place for activites. There was no pressure to do anything but they definetley let you know what was available to do and that you were always welcome to join in. Later that night we went to the shows and there was our friendly recreation staff now as our entertainment staff. The shows they put on were amazing. (Where do they get ther energy) The food was good in all restaurants. (Asia is served with a lot of Soy Sauce) Grill the best for lunch as you don't need to get dressed. Straight from the ocean to lunch and back to the ocean, what a wonderful way to spend the day. Drinks of all kinds are available mix and match if you like to live dangerously. As for day trips away from the resort we only took one. Manati Park (a small zoo) with a Parrot and Dolphin show. The best experience we had was swimming with the dolphins, a short 10 min thing with a total of 8 people but well worth the extra money. They do offer dailey excursions for a small fee if you want to leave the resort and see more of the Island. Personally we just wanted to relax and enjoy and we had everything we wanted right where we were. We plan on making this a yearly trip. I totally encourage anyone to go here.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A break in Paradise! Last November (2002) my sister and I went to Punta Cana and stayed at the Grand Paradise Bavaro. We had a great time and meet many people during our stay. Our husbands stayed at home while we went to play. The food was great, the beach was beautiful (white sand) we could walk forever. There was a small gathering of huts about 15 min down the beach. They sold pictures, rum, etc. The jewelery was cheapest in the hotel gift shop. The bartenders and serving staff treated us fantastic during our stay. Especially when it was two ladies travelling. We felt very safe there. They all knew our name within a day or two and called us by it everytime they saw us. Working in the hospitality business for over 20 years, I was amazed at how many languages the young staff knew. I am thinking of going back this March as the accommodations, food, and pretty much everything are worth going back for. Leo on the front desk will take care of everything. You would not be disappointed travelling to this resort. Don't leave your gift buying until you get to the Punta Cana airport. The airport only has small gift shops. Nothing exciting and expensive. Puerto Plata airport has many gift shops with good prices. Anyway, have a great trip, you would not be disappointed in any part of the trip to Punta Cana!Sincerely a Grand Paradise groupie!!!!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mucho Fantastic Vacation I spent 14 weeks at the Grand Paradise Bavaro between May and October. I will definitely be returning. My only complaint is I had to come home. There is always something to do. From fun beach and pool games to dance lessons at the pool. You can also have a Espanol lesson in the afternoon by the pool. I did many excursions. My favorites were Swimming with the Sharks and Manati Stingrays at the Marinarium, Swimming with the Dolphins at Manati Park and Saona Island. It is very beautiful there. The watersports center has some good activities such as parasailing and a ringo ride. Excellent! There is no shortage of food and drinks. The food and service was always very good. Something for everyone. My favorite restaurant is the Italiano however I enjoyed all of them. The staff is very friendly and always willing to help. I had no problems with language barriers as many of the staff speaks 3 - 5 languages. In the evening the animation staff put on a really good show in the theatre. It is fun to participate in them. Carmine was an excellent host unfortunately the hotel will lose him when he returns to Napoli next month. He is quite entertaining!!!!! After the show the disco opens, although it is small it is usually quite lively. They play a variety of music for all tastes. DJ Wilson is excellent. Next to the Disco they have The Treasure Chest. A mini slot machine Casino. Don't forget to check out the beach spa. Very good massages. Not expensive and well worth the money. Natasha does excellent henna tattoos beside the beach spa. I had my hair braided and it stayed in about four weeks. It is good to have done then you have no worries about doing your hair in the heat and humidity. The girls at the spa are very friendly and sweet. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone and I will definitely return. Excellent!!!! Mucho Gracias to Grand Paradise.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect for honeymooners Me and my wife visited the Grand Paradis Bavaro for our honeymoon back in August. Our stay was for two weeks and all that we can say is that it was amazing. The first and second day were a bit stressful as you're trying to get settled in and due to the fact that there was a huge language barrier with most of the staff. But all in all you do find a way to communicate using nice little hand signals. The beach is unbelievably beautiful and the food was AMAZING. It was a joy to get up and eat. We have never eaten so much in our life. The staff at the reception were super friendly and were always smiling. I guess that's one of the things that we found amazing, was that the staff always looked as though they were really enjoying themselves. Two weeks was a long time but well worth it. The only problem was that we didn't want to come home. If you do end up going there just beware of the flea markets, make sure you can negotiate well and never ever take their first offer as it is usually absurd!! If you guys have half as much fun as we did then you surely will have an amazing experience.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Gran Bavaro Paradise I just returned from Punta Cana after 8 fantastic days at the Gran Paradise Bavaro. We were there from October 6-13, 2003. We were a group of 15. I have to say that after reading some of the reviews posted before we left we were all a little afraid of what was going to happen and whether we would enjoy our long awaited vacation. Numerous reviews were negative with only a few positive remarks. Let me just say that we all had a wonderful time. The staff was friendly, there were a few communication problems but that is to be expected we were in a foreign country. This resort has visitors from all over the world and it would be very difficult to hire staff that was fluent in many different languages. The activities staff was great and there was always something to do. John Baby Face Humahuma was wonderful, can't remember everyone else's name. Several of our group never left the resort, others did take a couple of tours. The food was good and you could always find something you liked. The bartender at the pool bar Nelson was very friendly, smiling all the time and ready to serve. Nicole with VIP was very accommodating and was there to help if we needed it. The property was very clean and well groomed. The shows were great and the performers are very talented. The staff here works very hard, look around when you are there and you will see the same faces waiting on you for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The acitivities staff are in the shows at night after trying to get people involved in the activities during the day. These people are hard workers and deserve a lot of respect. I hope to return to the Gran Paradise Bavaro again soon.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Greatest This is place is really good. The service was great you meet tons of friends and the people are so friendly. If i could i would go back there are so many girls and people. Every night they would have a play goin on in the theater that excited everyone up. I really miss this place i will try to go back.Mike  
<Date>Oct 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Zina9
<Content>I liked it (but wouldn't recommend it for everyone) I stayed at the Grand Paradise Bavaro around the end of August with a friend. I had a great time. The resort was beautiful. The food was average (good variety but bad quality). The staff were very friendly. The service was a little slow at times. The nightly entertainment was great (every other night the staff would put on a show and the other nights were for audience participation). I recommend this resort to families, couples and singles who just wanna kick back and relax. Here are a few pointers to make your trip more enjoyable- 1. Have your bathing suit and sunscreen in your carry-on luggage just in case your room isn't ready. 2. Ask for the remote control and an extra room key at check-in. 3. If you're gonna get a safety deposit box make sure you bring a safety pin so that you can pin the key to your bathing suit (do not lose the key-they will charge you $100 to break into the safe) 4. Bring a little pouch so that when you go to the beach you have some thing to put your room key, sunscreen and camera in. 5. If you go to the vendors be prepared to bargain. Whatever price they tell you, cut it in half. 6. I don't think tipping is necessary. Nobody was really tipping the bartenders and waiters. It's included in your package so that you don't have to worry about carrying money around. We did tip the room maids for the first two days just to be on the safe side. 7. The disco was small and they played the same music every night. If you have a CD you can ask the DJ to play it. If you can get a group of about 10 people, take a shuttle to Mangu at Occidental Grand Flamenco on a Wed or Fri night. (the cab ride shouldn't be more than $5 both ways) It's pretty hype. Overall it's a good resort. My only complaint would have to be the food. Don't be too picky and you will enjoy yourself. Feel free to email me with any questions.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2003
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Piece of Heaven I just returned from an unbelievable vacation two weeks ago at the D.R., staying at the Paradise. My mother, who is 72, and I went to get away for 7 days. I had researched this site as well as others to be well prepared. I read with much horror of what to expect and not to expect that I was nearly ready to choose another destination. GLAD I didn't!!!! We had the time of our lives. The beach is absolutely beautiful. The hotel check in was smooth, the manager there was awesome as well as the staff. We had a wonderful view of the gardens and the pool. English is not readily spoken, unless you run into someone from the USA or Canada, but that didn't seem to put a damper on anything. Sign language does wonders! Point and say gracias and you shall receive. We had wonderful service wherever we went to eat, which the La Cana Grill was by far the most outstanding place with the best service...but then again, we cut up with the waiters and staff so much they knew who we were the second night and went out of their way to please us. TIpping is rec. as they work for peanuts and they work long hours from sunrise to sunset. My mother was not able to sit on their bamboo dining chairs due to her back and some medical conditions, and a quick smile and a few mucho gracias got her a resin chair from the outside. From the first night there, the manager and the waiters would automatically bring her one in before we sat down. AND they allowed her to take one to the beach for her comfort. TIP the housekeeping!!!! Remember these people are very poor and a little gratitude goes a long way. I left a skirt, shorts, a toe ring, pair of sand shoes, sunglasses, and money and I thought they were going to cry. Does the heart good. The drive from the airport is not the smoothest so be prepared to hold on tight! They drive as they want to drive which is without caution! The roads are bumpy, but I wouldn't have had it any other way because you do get to see the real Dominican that way. How these people llive and work, the conditions they live in, and the way their homes look, will surely surprise you! Meat is hung out on racks in the blazing sun all day. No refrigeration! Take in as much as you can because it adds to the experience. We asked for wake-up call every morning and received it on time without fail. Everything else is on their time, but who cared. We were on vacation. Take a walk off the beaten track and you will see squatters alongside the road, frying up bananas and fish. We smiled alot and they waved for us to come over to try some! They love their pictures taken, too. Take some excursions! We took the Monster Truck and what a blast we had. It was exhausting because it is a long day. 7:30 in the morning to about 6:30. My mom hung in though and so did I. That is a must do and see! It takes you to through the plantations, to a dominican's home for fresh brewed coffee, to a voodoo priest, which on the day we went was a holiday do we didn't get to speak with him, to a children's school, a market and toa fresh water river. Much more but it was unforgettable. The sand is the best I've ever been on, the water was perfect in temperature. My mother was diagnosed with inoperable lung cancer a week before we went and she will never forget this beautiful experience. The heat is extreme so make sure you bring alot of sunscreen and stay under the cabana's if you are sensitive to the rays. Even in the shade, one can tan or burn! Bring candy for the children because they are everywhere on excursions and will run alongside the trucks to get a little goody! Throw them a handful and watch the glee! I had candy and cookies and whenever we stopped, there were sure to be a load of children waiting for some goodies. Their little eyes light up and again, it does the heart good. There wouldn't be anything I would change for this vacation and I will surely return one day. Hopefully, with my mother! No need for peso's as the American dollar is more to them than their own so bring cash. $1 is worh 30 pesos to them. Make sure you watch the vendors and take advantage of their bartering. If you don't like the price, name your own and you will eventually get it for your price! It's a hoot! So, have fun, relax and let the Dominican world take you away! It did us and they will forever be in ou hearts! Remember that a smile goes a long way and they actually do like the tourists. Those who had such a bad time maybe expected a bit of America and it's nothing like it so smile, have fun and e-mail me if you want any more information!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK - Wouldn't go back Paid for 2 Ocean View rooms and was first given 3rd floor room (no elevator) facing the pool and baby pool and all the noise. After 3 hours of arguing, we were finally given 2 rooms on a ground floor; one facing the beach (which you couldn't see) but you could see bits of the Ocean. The other room was facing a fence looking at the property next door. So we were taken on that!!All you need to get by is to know some Spanish phrases but staff not overly friendly except for a few.Hotel not accommodating or informative at all. No information on where restaurants, etc. located and hours of their operation. We lost the first 3 days finding everything ourselves. Nothing is labeled.Even the locals who do speak English have no idea of any history of their country!!! No one could tell us how many miles across the Ocean to Puerto Rico!!!!Prieto Tours not accommodating either. Could not accommodate us for any of the tours we wanted. Kept pushing us to do tours we did not want. They would not refer us to anyone else even though other tour companies did have availability. At the end of the week found a guy at the end of the beach who had same tours at half the price but by then we were getting ready to leave.Rooms dirty with beetles in it. Toilet seat falling off. After 4 requests to fix it and no one came, I finally took a knife from the buffet and screw it back on myself. Bathroom one big room with 2 drains in the floor for drainage. Consequently, you couldn't blow dry your hair for fear of being electrocuted because the floor stayed wet for hours.Food not good except for LaCana Grille which is an open air place so be prepared to sweat during dinner. We didn't even know for 3 days that this was not just a snack place but they also served dinner. No signs posted of any kind. This was the best place to eat all meals except breakfast which had to be eaten in the buffet. Buffet-Fair. Italian-bad. Asian Restaurant-horrible.Do take the boat trip to Captain Cook's down the Beach. Well worth the $40 American. Fabulous food!!! Best we had. Service tremendous and super friendly.Not many Americans to converse with except for those you are on the trip with. Mostly all Europeans who do not speak any English. Lots of smiles but not able to have conversation. Canadians very friendly.Weather fabulous and beach gorgeous. Lots of water sports. Too costly of a trip for accommodations, time we lost, and service received.Gift shop total rip off. You expect to pay double when you are away but 3 to 4 times more is a sheer insult!!! Example: $27 for a bottle of Sun Tan Lotion.Best shopping 10 minute walk down the beach.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent I will be back next month and the month After..and so on... I would recommend this beautiful Resort to anyone. I just came back from my honeymoon and all the services a this hotel were great. Some of the reviews here are pure lies stating that the service is slow, but they don't realize that the resort is full of other guests from around the world and that's why the service found the service slow. The people at the Counter are always with a smile and ready for assisting you. The food was great, specially at Cana Grill and the ASIAN Restaurant. I deffenetly recommend to anyone who likes to spend a great moment of life to go to Grand Paradise Hotel and also go to MANATI PARK that's another great place to visit.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing service/Clean beach Had a great time Delivered above average service than what was expected. This was my first time travelling to the Caribbean. I was very satisfied with the service I received. All areas of the resort were cleaned regularly, including the beach. Food was good, served a lot of the same foods from day to day but nothing to complain about. We lost our safe-key the first night we were there. The master copy was located in Santo Domingo, a 2 hour drive away. I was notified that if they had to bring the master from Santo Domingo to Punta Cana, it would cost $28US. We decided to wait it out a day or two to see if someone would return it. On the day we went to the front desk to tell them to order the key from Santo Domingo they said that someone had returned a safe-key. They got the head of security to take us up to our room and try it out and it worked. They did not charge us anything and the security would not accept a tip. The desk man that had helped us from the start about this issue was tipped generously. We were very satisfied with their honesty and service. Rooms were very clean and well maintained. Only have 2 things to complain about. The first being that we did not receive the room we requested the first night we were there. Second being that our plane did not depart from Punta Cana till 9:00 p.m. and they wanted to charge us $10US to hold our bags from check-out till departure. Overall, I would recommend and definitely return as a repeat visitor. Any questions or inquiries send an e-mail.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2003
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise it is! Grand Paradise Bavaro is exactly as its name indicates...paradise. My best friend and I spent a week at this beautiful resort and enjoyed every single minute. The food was great and we enjoyed the variety (although the service was a little slow at the Grill). The nightly entertainment was great and very funny and the disco was excellent. They played recent music and some old stuff but it made it that much more special. I would recommend this place to anyone and everyone and I will definitely return to this resort. The beach was beautiful and you could walk for miles. I loved this place!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>friendly eeeuh NOT they do not like to work hard . every where you ask something they snatch come back in 10 minutes . if you say`ola` to 50 people who are working here , maybe 5 will say it back . I still hope it will cause its a beautifull hotel and the personel is breaking it down  
<Date>Sep 5, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I still have the runs I can honestly say that I will never go back to the Grand Paradise or for that matter the Dominican. My wife and I just came back from our honeymoon (August 18-September 1) and honestly did not enjoy the resort as much as some of the people who have given there comments. The good things: We arrived at 11:00pm on a Monday and were checked in within 10 minutes (although it took over half an hour to get our luggage). The beach itself was beautiful except for the shards of coral that I seemed to always find when swimming (ouch!). The snorkelling was amazing even in the small swimming area. Bring bananas out with you and go out to the far left corner of the boundary. Hundreds of fish will be happy to eat right out of your hands!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chucky2
<Content>Beach vacation with the family Returned from Grand Paradise resort on August 31st after 1 week stay with family. I would rate the vacation overall as very good in all aspects. I am pleased to respond to particular questions by email.Punta Cana Airport: Passing through the airport was a breeze. They will take a picture which you will have the option to purchase for $6 on departure. The bus trip to Grand Paradise is about 30 minutes, and will be an eye opener in terms of the local driving situation, local living conditions, etc. Departure was a little more complicated as a few buses arrived simultaneously. You will pay your $20 per person departure at the airport. Dont be fooled - prices at the airport are outrageous - best to take a taxi to town ($12 one way to Plaza Bavaro) where better deals are negotiated. The taxi ride is another eye opener as above.Hotel Check In and Layout: Check in was fine for us, as I had emailed ahead as suggested by another reviewer. Showed the desk the copy of my email, and sure enough they complied with my request. We were in building #3 , ground floor, facing one of the pools (2nd pool from the beach). At check-in we received 2 room keys, 4 beach towel cards, the TV remote, and I returned later for the key for the safe and an internet card (to access one of the two computers at the sports bar). The room was large and well maintained - ample room to acquire a cot for our son. I would say the buildings are layed out very well, spacious, and you would only walk a few minutes from any part of the resort to get to the pools or beach. Nevertheless, if you are fussy about location, building 6 and 3 would be the best, with rooms ending in even numbers facing the pools in the resorts interior area. Odd numbered rooms face the other way. Building #2 towards the beach (even numbered rooms), would also be very good. It is unrealistic to request ocean view as there are none (or very few). The buildings meet the beach area on a 90 degree angle, and do not face the beach. Those that do, the view would be obstructed by palm trees, etc. There are three pools and a Jacuzzi suitable for all ages. But no infants wading pool that I could see.Beach: Very long and stunning, with good surf for beach fun. Good for long walks (Breezes Resort is next door to the left, the only resort neighbour - you have to see their lobby!), and the small flea market is about 10 minutes walk to the right. We snorkelled and fed fish bread from our hands (some people said bananas were just as good) and took pictures. The beach is enclosed with buoys to keep the boats out of the swim area - or people out of the boat area. A rocky area to the far left inside the buoys will offer the best view of fish. The beach will have the cabanas/huts and since I am an early riser, I would place our towels out there at about 6:45-7am to reserve a spot.Activities: There will be many options, however, I found them to be pricey. We did try most of the inclusive activities like scuba lessons in pool, ping pong, beach volley ball, horse back riding, but paid for extras such as parasailing. The theatre shows were excellent (3-4 large shows, magician, and 3-4 audience participation shows) usually intermingled with dance sessions, etc.Food: We found the food to be excellent. The three al la cartes (Cana Grill steak house, The Chinese Food, and Italian) were superb in quality and service. We had breakfast always at the buffet and that was excellent , and we had lunch always at the Cana grill (BBQ chicken, pizza, hot dogs, fries, fish, burgers, salads, etc) - all very good. We dont trust dairy products though. Stick with bottled water provided in your room fridge, or at the bars when they have a supply). I would say that there is very good ambience in all the restaurants but our favourite was the Cana Grill at night eating by the ocean.Economy: US Dollars are universally accepted anywhere. We tipped $2 for the maid each day and got very good service - and a few waiters whom we got to know by name were given $1 occasionally (for blender drinks with real fruit added - bananas for the Bahama Mamas). We also tipped at the a la cartes $4. Dont get pesos at the Hotel- they will only give you 29 per dollar, at the bank at Plaza Bavaro they give you about 35. So the Hotel takes 20% off the top. Its a moot point again since most will take $US. The whole economy is based on negotiation. I got a CD for $10 not $20. Hair braiding for our daughter for $25 at Plaza Bavaro, not $55 asked for at the Hotel. Trinkets are always $3-4 dollars and jewellery about $10 . Paintings $10-20. And so on...Tips: We brought two cheap inflatable rafts for the beach; insulated travel mugs for the drinks; fooz ball and pool are available in the sports bar, and internet access; plenty of strong sun screen, and for light skinned persons, limit your sun exposure to avoid sunburn; take immodium, Tylenol, antacid, and emergency kit for any scraps; might consider water shoes for kids as there is the odd rock at the surfs edge that could be sharp but no problem really; we brought our own snorkel equipment even though it is provided; usually enough shade at the beach; we decanted water from the large bottles into smaller ones to take with us; there were no mosquitoes, just the odd sand flea at dusk - we would brush them off;Negatives: Occasional language barriers; occasional indifference among bar tenders; a few delays but as other reviewers have stated , Chill out this is a different country.; somewhat pushy vendors at the Flea Market or Plaza Bavaro; you dont need pesos even if told you need them, if you do get them, go to a bank; poor road conditions and risky driving behaviour; some rudeness among foreign guests; hi prevalence of smoking among foreign guests; noise levels in ground level hallways may permeate ground level rooms; ensure locks on ground level patio doors are functional; occasional bad TV reception - (satellite); avoid hi prices in resort gift shop; finally I found this destination is slightly pale in character and is less carribbeanized than other locations such as Barbados, St. Lucia, Cuba. It is basically a beach vacation with the family at this all inclusive resort with all the bells and whistles. You rarely travel on your own outside to explore the culture. Some destinations like Cuba, Hawaii, Jamaica, etc, have an allure. But if it is beach you want, you have found it here!Pleased to respond to any questions at ejodoin2@cogeco.caErnie  
<Date>Sep 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! I Loved it Here! The buffet food was fantastic, the beach was beatiful, the staff  animator were very friendly, entertainment was great  the hotel was very clean. I don't have one bad thing to say about this place. I would go back in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Could have been better the resort was pretty. the beach was beautiful. very beautiful. everyone at this resort was from europe. Italy, france, belgium, austria, holland, spain etc. some canadians which is cool cause they speak english, americans are rare. so you cannot be sure how to say good morning to someone u see cause you dont know what language to say it in. the service was garbage. i paid for a tour to santo domingo and i told the desk i needed a wake up call at 5 a.m. I didnt get it. the tour was to leave at 6 a.m. i got a call from the guy driving the bus for the tour at 5:50 telling me i am late. i was so pissed. i was rushing and i forgot my camera and most of my money in my rush and i looked like hell. the staff was not friendly and they were definitely not happy to serve you. the food was not great and for somne reason i was sick when i left with diarrhea and nausea. maybe i accidently drank some of the water. I was told by my travel agency not to drink it. I spent most of the trip relaxing on the beach cause i did not feel like dealing with the crummy staff and get aggravated. I might have had a better time had i stayed at a better resort.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amazingthing
<Content>Would concider another hotel My boyfriend and I have just retourned from a two week stay at the Grand Paradise Bavaro. Well, there is to say we stayed three days at the Casa del Mar at Bayahibe due to an overbooking. I have read other guest reviews ahead and was prepared to see long queing ups at the reception, average food at the restaurants and no face towels. Well, we arrived at 5 p.m. and there was no problem at all to do the check in. Face towels are provided but I have to admit that the towels in general didn't seem 100% clean, same with the sheets. The room hygiene wasn't 4* standart but the roomservice was done everyday. Concerning the restaurants there is to say that the è„¿ la carte ones are nice as you have a waiter serving you. I've tryied the Italian which had a very small menu card. The spaghettis were o.k. (1 of about 6 main dishes to chose from). If you have some spare mony by a wine, the ones they offer is sowhat bad. The buffet restaurant is pretty good, they change the motto every evening, so you have e.g. Spanish dishes or American to chose from. But after two weeks be sure, you can't see it anymore. The beach is nice, not very wide and if you like snorcheling take your own equipment along as only 1 hour a day is included. I screwed a mask up and paid $34.... However, they only let you use the katamaran and windsurfing if you are experienced already. The pool is so so, never saw it cleaned up, and thats how it looks like. If you concider to book a trip to the capitol Santo Domingo, think twice about it. We've booked with Dominican Tours. It took us two hours to pick up people from other hotels and another three to get there. One day is therefore pretty short and kind of a rush. The animation was okay, the show in the evening not that great. Overall, if you're planning holidays at the DR I can recommand you the Casa del Mar at Bayahibe where they even brought you drinks to the beach...  
<Date>Aug 28, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fun fun fun I had the most incredible time at Amhsa Marina! There are so many activities and entertainment, besides, the most gorgeous white sandy beach. The restaurants, bars and service are excellent! I totally recommend this place!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Vacation Aug 16 - 22, 2003 Folks, here again we find a vacation that is good value for the money. The food was well above average and by the sheer number of choices available, I saw no one starving while I was there. It is not the Ritz Carlton so don't expect to be pampered as if you paid those kind of prices. The hotel was clean, especially the restaurant areas. In spite of what I read about the staff, I found them to be very accomodating and while it is true you must exhibit a bit of patience, not a great amount is required. I found a lot of tips helpful, e.g., placing the towel early in the morning assured getting a hut for the day. The tip about 2 keys was well stated so we could keep the air and power on the entire day. Reservations are no longer required for dining in the varous restaurants. One note: I read some guy's review from New York in which he states the Italian restaurant was like nothing he has eaten in Brooklyn. Well, having lived in Europe for 29 years and having traveled to Italy on numerous occasions, it was refreshing to eat fairly credible Italian food--a la Italy as opposed to a la American - Italian. With such a large number of Italians, French, and Germans, it was only fair to assume the Italian restaurant was catering to the European taste. In short, the food was good. I would recommend this resort to anyone who genuinely wants to get away and spend time lying around on the beach. Finally, the 9:00 a.m. horseback riding session (free to all guests) was a great surprise since we rode for about 75 minutes and were able to go to the beach on horseback. Give it a try--you'll love it. Jeff Tobin  
<Date>Aug 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Above average I just returned from my vacation to Punta Cana. I booked through Itravel2000 and went on Skyservice through Conquest Vacations. From 16th until the 23rd. The flight was just great inspite of a stopover in St. Marten when going. Upon arrival the Conquest rep asked the group to follow to the bus that was to take us to our resort. The airport is nice and we enjoyed the bus ride. Check in was quick. The beach was a delight daily for 7 days. The weather however changed on Fri afternoon and the waves then became rough. The daily shows and participation overall is moderately good. The store at the resort should hire atleast one English speaking salesperson. The front desk although helpful at most times need some improvement in behaviour. They would be answering my question while continuing with whatever they may be doing such as counting money or doing some paper work. They should ask to wait until they are through their task before answering a question so that they can look straight. Obviously there is some lack of English around the resort. At the restaurant the waiters are very friendly and we did not find anyone making any rude passes as I have read in certain reviews. On the contrary I saw the reverse. The food overall is very good. I mean how much can one possibly eat and drink . There is plenty to select from. People who do get sick are the ones who are stuffing right throughout the day either at the buffet area or the grill close to the beach. We got our towels daily. As for bug , we had none in our room but another couple with us had a centiped crawling around the bed and when notified the front desk arranged to fumigate the room withing an hour. A dollar tip here and there is appreciated by those serving in various areas. We gave away shave lotion , deodarant and some clothes to chocolates to several on the staff who had served us. There was no problem with room shower. It was not coming out slow as some have written. Beds were alright and TV was OK. There was no electricity problem. The fridge in the room was always stocked with water bottles ,coke and sprite. It is all free in the all inclusive package. My sister found the handle of her suitcase broken upon arrival in Punta Cana. The Conquest rep when told about it did not tell her that she should file a lost form right then and when she was at the airport for departure the Skyservice would not do anything about it. The Conquest rep also mislead about the mall in the City. The mall in the City is also just like the bargain flea market which is about 10 mins walk from the resort just walking on the beach. This bargaining gets you. To me they are losing out a lot more by this practice. The on the premise Casino has slot machines and although I was not lucky my sister and another brother in law and sister did make quite a few US dollars. My husband and I had no luck. The Breezes resort also not far from Grand Paradise has a Casino which is not that great. The sellers at the Flea Market were generally well behaved and there was no pushing and shoving. Good luck to those who can bargain. If you want to relax and swim in the ocean water or at the swimming pool and then eat and drink Grand Paradise has everything to offer. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to have a good time. The only drawback - lack of English.   
<Date>Aug 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sparxboi
<Content>what an ab fab place, loved every minute Hello folks, I am a 21 year old university student and i needed to get away at christmas time 2002/2003. I just have to say that this resort was amazing!!!! and i crave for december 2003/04 to come when i go back again, the people were wonderful and so friendly!!! the food i found pretty good, there was more than enough choice, the stunning beach and pools.amazing!It took some getting used to becasue of the culture and just a not for all these peopl on here who put down the food and entertainment and language!! Why did you choose to go to a carribean country when you knew it was a SPANISH country, with different food than your american hamburger and a carribean flair of entertainment...if you want what your used to go to palm beach! the point of travelling is to experience new things and the grand paradise bavaro did certainly that!!! I was ing of the week in one of the entertainment competitions still got my shirt and rum!!!I recommend this resort to familys, singles, couples, gays and lesbians...this place was A+++++  
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best vacations ever the best vacation i ever had, i was there from 8/4 to 8/14,the hotel is beutiful and the staff is very help full. specially this receptionist at the front desk( dulce) i definetly recomend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mmarkopoulos
<Content>Amazing Resort We just got back from this resort. I can't understand how some people write negative comments on Grand Paradise. Very big and clean rooms, amazing beach, very good food especially at asian, italian and cana grill (pay the $30 at tuesdays for the lobsters, it worths it).We enjoyed very much the all inclusive sailing, 4 times in 8 days! and other watersports activities.The service at the bars where very quick indeed, even when there are 15-20 people waiting, it will not take more than 2 minutes to serve you!We were three couples and had one of the best vacations in our lifes.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVED THE HOTEL!!! HAVE A LITTLE PATIENCE! We just got back from a great vacation to the Grand Paradise Resort in Punta Cana! We've been to some of the other Amhsa Marina Resorts in the Dominican Republic so we thought we'd give their newest hotel a chance and we're glad we did! It was beautiful! The staff was great! I know some of the posted reviews complain about the lack of English spoken, but hello, people, you're in a SPANISH speaking country!!!! A little patience goes a long way. While it was true it took maybe asking one or two times to get towels we did finally get them and with a smile from the staff. They do go out of their way to make your trip as pleasant as possible. The restaurants were nice, not the greatest food I've ever eaten, but I'm not paying Ruth Cris' steakhouse prices either!! We definately got MORE than what we paid for and we'd recommend Grand Paradise to anyone looking to travel to Punta Cana.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best vacation of my life!!!!!! this resort is UNBELIEVABLE! the staff are amazing and so friendly and the food is pretty good too! the dancers were great and so nice to everyone..my family and i would go back in an instant..i recommend this place to anyone who wants to have a great vacation!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Beautiful Resort My friend and I visited this resort April past and had an amazing time! I've noticed some of the bad reviews given about this resort and I honestly don't understand why. The beach was picture perfect, the pools were spotless and the landscape in general was beautiful. Overall the food was pretty good in both the buffet restaurants and at the a la carte restaurants. Sure, you are bound to run into some things that are not as appealing, but given the many choices and varieties, it is almost impossible not to find something tasty! The bars were pretty good, except for the long line up at some. Usually the pool bar is the busiest and can get quite congested at times. We usually just wandered over to another bar and most of the time got served right away.  The staff are for the most part very friendly. The animation staff have the most energy and are constantly trying to get you involved in games, and various activities. I have to warn you that they are quite persistant at times (even when you insist that you don't wish to take part), especially with females, so if you want to avoid this just hang out around the beach and not the pool when you hear or see them getting ready to start an activity. Because guaranteed, once they see you and decide they want you to take part, before long you will find yourself up in front of everybody trying to learn the dance to their theme song!!  The only slight annoyance I had with this resort was the reception staff. Most of them aren't as willing to make your stay as comfortable as the rest of the staff. You will have to wait to get your room untill at least three, maybe even later. We knew this before we got there, so upon arriving early, we didn't get upset to find our rooms unavailable. We made the best of it and took a tour of the place, had a few drinks and some food. By this time, our room was ready! For some strange reason, the reception staff speak the least amount of English and for this reason give an attitude of indifference to your problems. Don't get too upset, Dominican people are a very relaxed sort of people who don't rush for anything. They don't seem to mind if things don't go right, they take everything as it comes without getting too worked up about it! haha Most of us aren't like that! The thing to do when you have a problem is remain calm and remember to smile and be friendly. This will get you so much further with them than if you get frustrated and angry. You might feel like screaming, but in the long run, you will get your problem solved much faster by adapting to their ways a little and being pleasant!  All in all, this was a great resort and I would definately recommend it to people who like to take it easy and have fun! This was my second time in Punta Cana (stayed at the Sunscape Hotel the first time) and it was no worse or no better! Punta Cana is always a blast!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Wonderful Vacation I had a wonderful week staying at the Grand Paradise from July 19th-26th. The grounds  beach are absolutely beautiful, the rooms are spotless  fairly spacious, beautiful weather,  most of the staff is fairly pleasant. TIP: when you check in, ask for an extra room key (so you can leave the A/C on when you are out of the room, however this proved to be unnecessary for us, as one was already there), ask for your TV remote, towel cards,  internet card (6$ for 1 hour) all at once! Also remember: you are on VACATION, so remember to relax  smile. These people have been working all day... I found most of the staff to be quite friendly (especially the bartenders!), though I would not say some of the staff was outright rude, just indifferent or perhaps resentful at times. But it is like this at most all-inclusive resorts... That being said, sure some of the male staff may have been a little flirtatious, but nothing to be seriously offended about. Besides, the female staff was all smiles for my boyfriend! The food was good for an all inclusive which surprised me, I definitely did not lose any weight! As for the drinks, tipping even just 1$ to a few bartenders (not so much with the waiters!) a day goes a long way. All in all a great vacation  I would recommend the Grand Paradise to anyone looking to have a nice  relaxing vacation!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>would not recommend When my and family and I arrived we were welcomed with an hour wait to check in. When we finally got our rooms, they were still being cleaned. Getting clean towels is a problem, the air conditioner is shut off when you leave the room making it uncomfortably hot when you return. The sheets and blankets had a muggy, moldy smell. The food was terrible, we moslty ate bread and fruit. The chinese restaurant was decent. The men on the staff are particularly rude and offensive to women. The lines at the bar seem endless, and the drinks do NOT make up for it (cheap liquor). No room service, and if you use your credit card you are charged in pesos and also and extra 20%. The entertainment is cheesy but there is nothing else to do so you might as well catch a show. The nightclub is a room full of smoke and not at all appealing. Very family orientated, not for young people at all. I would not recommend Punta Cana at all...save yourself the headache and go to Mexico.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Read This Before You Go! okie here goes nothing.. I just got back from Punta Cana yesterday, staying at Gran Paradise was a bit of an 'adventure'. The food was not appetizing at all, the service was very poor, and the men on staff are very open to spitting out vulgar comments to young women like myself. I came on this trip with my family, and I recieved plenty of these rude perverse comments about my image in front of my father. I felt uncomfortable and degraded. On a better note, the resort it quite pleasant. The ocean is steps away from the hotel, but as another reviewer stated, you have to wake up at the crack of dawn to place towels or other belongings on the chairs so that you could have a place to lay out. I only spent one day at the beach because I was not willing to wake up that early everyday of my vacation. The pools are pretty clean, the only complaint I have about that was that they should clean it everyday, not just once a week. The only gift shop on the premises is pricey on certain things, for example, since i was practically surviving on fruit and bread (since everything else this resort served made me puke), you can easily purchase some junk food like say a tube of pringles potato chips for $5, a chocolate bar for about $3... so be willing to spend money on junk food at that shop. Air conditioning. This hotel has quite an, shall i say 'interesting' way of conserving electricity. They give you one key per room, so when you use the card key to get into your room you have to slide the card in a slot inside the room to turn the power on. Keep in mind that the temperatures in Punta Cana are extremely warm, and the sun is constantly shining through the windows of your room.. so the air conditioning is only on when you are in your room, with the key in the slot.... don't expect relief from the heat instantly. I was on the first floor at this resort, so i had sliding doors w/ a small patio that any one could easily walk onto, the only bad part was that my doors wouldnt lock, so i would adivise that you check that out first thing. There is no remote in the room, so you have to go to the main desk to request your remote, if for any reason you are to steal the remote and bring it home w/ you ( yeah ok like any one would really do that) they charge you $20... there is no coffee maker in the room, and you have to go an put down a $35 deposit for an Iron. The hair dryer is useless since its power was very weak. The Food. Once you see how disgusting the food is on your first day, you will not want to try the Italian or Chinese resturaunts there. So if Italian is one of you favorite types of foods, trust me don't scar yourself by trying their specialty foods here, you'll NEVER want to eat Italian again....stick to fruit...and don't drink the water they serve you at your meals, its 'purified' but tastes like crap and made my family quite ill.The majority of the people who visit this resort are Europeans, some women had no problem taking off their shirts and flashing their disgusting bodies and boobs. A lot of child nudism as well, prepare to see 11 year old girls walking around topless. Don't their parents worry about the perverts on staff?Some of you who are reading this who went to this resort and had the times of your life have not travled enough. I've been around to plenty of resorts in mexico, cuba, europe etc, its a VACATION, you deserve to be SERVED and treated RESPECTFULLY, on my other trips i got my moneys worth, so if you are considering this resort, I beg you not to make a mistake.. for a beautiful paradise vacation, head down to Cancun Mexico, and stay at any of the Palaces.. This hotel is rated 4 stars, don't be fooled by that, I would give it a 1.5  
<Date>Jul 27, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb Cuisine ! This is the best resort I have ever stayed at in the DR.The all inclusive is 2nd to noneThey even have Premium Liquor if you join their Vacation Club which I did,it is NOT timeshare as it has no maintainance.Well worth the visit  
<Date>Jul 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place - Highly recommended (July 21, 2003) Just got back from the Gran Paradise and I would definitely recommend this resort to other travellers. My husband and I have travelled to numerous caribbean destinations and this resort was a great value for the money. Here's why:Beach - The beach was beautiful and long. Fine white sand and cool, clean turquoise water with fun waves. There is also a reef that you can swin to from the shore to do some snorkeling. It was great! The beach is lined with lots of tall, picturesque palm trees and plenty of straw huts and beach chairs. But, the resort was full when we were there and you must get up early (7:00 to 7:30 a.m.) in order to secure yourself a hut and a much recommended place in the shade. Warning: we did get our shady spot snatched from us on one occasion when we went for lunch eventhough we left our towels on the chairs!!! FYI this beach sits on the Atlantic ocean and not the caribbean.Food - The food here was very good, better than some higher rated resorts we've been to in the past. Lots of variety and theme nights at the buffet. Also, unlike other resorts, the lunchtime buffet was quite different and non-repetative from day to day. ++ Everything was also kept quite clean. The 3 a la carte restaurants were good too. With regards to the restaurants, the resort claims that you do not need reservations but, you must go to the restaurant in advance and put your name on a list with the time which you would like to eat at (What we call in Canada, a reservation) But, you cannot do this buy phone from your room!!!!Pool - Didn't spend much time at the pools (there are two side by side) because the beach was too good and the pool water was too hot. But, the pools are big and picturesque with lots of surrounding vegetation, good music, good atmosphere and action. Note: there is no swin up bar at the pool, but there is a bar right next to the big pool.Bars - They were good, open early and closed late (pool bar 'til 11:00 p.m.  grill bar 'til the wee hours.) Selection of drinks was good, no complaints except for the slow service.Gym - Good for cardio but poor for weight-training (improper benches and not enough free weights). And, you must train with your running shoes, no sandals allowed. (They won't let you in the gym with sandals). The hotel also has a Spa service, but this is at extra cost.Rooms - The rooms are nice but there are very, very few ocean view rooms. We suggest you request a pool view instead! Although, you might never even come close to getting what you ask for. We had quite a fiasco with our rooms - yes I mean roomS, we had three in one week!!! The first had two beds and no A/C. We complained and only got our new room on night three. The second still had two beds and the bathtub did not drain water. We complained and had to stay there for one night. We finally caught the manager and complained to him. He apologized to us extensively and promised us that we would get a proper room and a complimentary gift for our troubles. So finally we got a room with one large bed, A/C, and a properly draining tub - but, no ocean view, no pool view, and oh ya, water dripped from the ceiling in the bathroom. And that complimentary gift must have been sent to one of our previous rooms, because we never got it!Check-in  service - Definitely, this is the hotel's weak point. FYI check-in only begins at 3:00 p.m. no matter what time you get there! This does not mean that you will get your room at three, in fact most people get there room way past 3 o'clock. We only got ours at around 5:30 p.m. Many people complained about this issue but they didn't get anywhere. The hotel's response was that's just the Dominican way. FYI un momento = min. 20 canadian minutes and magnana means... never. The service there is very, very slow so you can count your arrival day as a total write-off no matter how much you complain. It's just the Dominican way!!!Overall - we did enjoy ourselves here and would return and recommend this hotel to our friends with some key points of advice... be patient, relax and have fun... you're on vacation!!!!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>absolutely loved it! My boyfriend and I went to The Grand Paradise Bavaro last year and it was the most amazing times of our lives. I've been to some beautiful beaches and countries in my day , but nothing compares to the Bavaro beach. The water and sand were amazing the staff was so friendly and the food was spectacular. We are in fact hoping to have the option to marry and have our honeymoon there!! I highly recommend this resort for amy type of vacation!!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GREAT experience! July 6-13, 2003 My boyfriend and I just returned from the AMSHA GRAND PARADISE BAVARO resort in Punta Cana, DR.The weather was great and REALLY, REALLY hot! Something like 32-34C but felt like 48C. Rain lasts all of about 30 seconds.The resort and beach is very clean and needless to say VERY GEORGEOUS!!!Service is exceptional at all restaurants and bars including the a la cartes. Trust me when I say to visit each a la carte restaurant at least once during your trip (Steak House, Italian  Chinese). They are all fabulous. The waiters are constantly re-filling your drinks even before you ask! I can't stress enough how great the service is!We had no complaints. However, we did hear a few people complaining that when they would go down to get their beach towels at 10:00am, they would have to wait 15min or so to get them. TRICK: Always ask for two fresh towels before you go back to your room at the end of the day. We did this and never had to wait for towels...EVER!If you have time and $60US each DEFINATELY do the Aquatic Tour (or as they call it James Bond)...very well worth the money and it's great fun.Definatley returing sometime soon!!!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Getaway at the right price Just got back today from the Grand Paradise Bavaro. The reviews I read before my trip were very helpful so I want to add a few of my own. Resort was beautiful. Beach very close to the pool which was also large  beautiful. Some days they weren't ontop of its care  algae and green foam closed it down for several hours. Palm umbrellas on the beach were a scarcity. I had to wake up by 7am to take towels saved from the day before to try  reserve one. By that time most were already gone! It was ridiculous getting one. I also didn't care for the nudity on the beach. Europeans have no shame  do not care about offending others which was apparent with their rude behavior in general. Most guests were from France, Italy or Canada. Americans were very few. The rooms were comfortable but a few problems. The HBO on the tv kept going out, the lighting was poor and there seemed to only be one set of towels allowed per day. You had to keep the towel you were given for 24 hours. The restaurants had problems also. The main buffet was the best choice. The food was the freshest  the choices very good most nights. The beach restaurant was really just for a quick lunch or to find more child friendly choices. Pizza, fries, burgers. The 2 other restaurants were Italian  Chinese. The Chinese was good the first night we ate there  terrible the second. The meats in general in Punta Cana were poor. Although prepared well, they were tough, veiny  overcooked. It was apparent in the Chinese food as well. The Italian restaurant although was reviewed by many as excellent, being raised on Italian food all my life I have to say it was the worst choice. The appetizers were fine but the pasta, main course  desert were not only gross but we were sick immediately following our meal. Choose the large buffet. Its all around the best choice. The entertainment was great. The shows were extravigant  funny. I participated in one  had a blast. Other than the disco later at night which was nice, there wasn't anything else to do. I didn't care for when the entertainers, who also worked on the hotel grounds by day were drinking  scoping out pick ups in the disco. They were there to dance with the guests but also were seen to be doing their own thing. Each day we took a nice long walk along the beach to the market. It was great excersize  we bought all our souvenirs this way. Tuesdays  Fridays the hotel arranges some vendors to sell on the grounds. Also nice. All in all we were pleased with our trip. This hotel just needs to polish up on details. It really is a nice nice place  I might even consider trying it again. ENJOY!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Honeymoon at Grnad Paradise My husband and I just returned from our honeymoon at the Grand Paradise Bavaro in Punta Cana. We had a fabulous time. The beach and resort were very clean and well maintained. The staff were very friendly although English is not the main language. Check in was a little confusing since our room was not ready until after 5:00. Our room was nice, nothing extravagant though. We thought the food was pretty good. Our favorite place was the La Can Grill for dinner. The seating procedure is a little confusing and I know many people get upset. What we did was go at 7 when they open for dinner and put our name in for the next available seating time. They only seat every half hour. Basically, we tried to be patient and understanding. Sometimes the service was slow but we preferred it to going to the buffet restaurant. Our highlight of the trip was the two tours we took. We did the Bavaro Splash where you get to drive the speed boat out into the ocean and go snorkeling and we also did the Punta Cana Runners Tour where you go into the fields and plantations and meet the rural people and tour one of their houses. You also get to go to a ranch, ride horses, and have lunch. It was spectacular. I highly recommend taking a day to do that. Beware of the locals market when you walk down the beach. They will really try to get as much money out of you as they can. Barter with them and walk away if they won't come down in price. All in all it was a great time.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A vacation club in paradise We just returned from a 2 week vacation that consisted entirely of fun in the sun... except for the occasional one-minute rain showers. I decided to do a write-up while everything was still fresh in my mind. We arrived at Grand Paradise Bavaro before noon on June 29th, 2003 and were informed that our rooms were not yet ready... we were prepared for this from reading reviews before departure. It is wise to have your bathing suit and a change of clothes with you so that no time is wasted upon arrival. The all-inclusive braclets are given to you so you are free to take advantage of everything available. It is helpful to know other languages other that english...such as spanish, italian or french as the reception staff have a limited understanding of english. The complex is constructed with all buildings and facilities very close together. The animation team puts on shows that are second to none and the club dance is easy to learn and fun to dance along to. The huts on the beach are occupied quickly so if you want a spot, wake up before 7 and lay your towels out on the lawn chairs. The resort store is extremely overpriced but there is a market 10 minutes down the beach where you could truly find a good bargain... spruce up on your haggling skills... but every few nights vendors arrive and you can purchase dominican paintings and jewelry at good prices... remember that they want to sell to you so YOU THE BOSS. The departure tax has increased to 20 US$ so be prepared for that. There are also many photo oppurtunities during the week with parrots, monkeys and snakes but each photo is priced at 5 US$...the photos are very good quality but a tad pricey. The mini fridge is restocked daily with water, sprite, and coke. The maids are all very polite and willing to help out. The Las Arenas bar is usually understaffed and the drinks are water-downed... it takes a while to get service but the bartenders are super friendly at all times. The disco has the smallest dance floor ever and smokers puff away while dancing. We met many people from all over Europe and Canada and were devasted to have to leave. Make sure to get involved in the pool games... winners usually get a certificate but the last night each winner on stage was awarded a bottle of dominican rum. The buffet has a theme dinner everynight that was delicious but if you want to eat a la carte that get there early... before 7pm to ensure a meal earlier than 9:30 since that is when the show starts... don't miss out! If you choose this as your destination of choice you will not be disappointed! Happy holidays!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVED IT, WILL GO AGAIN  I travel from June 21 thru 28th with my husband and daughter, aged 5. The Hotel is gorgous. We arrived very late and the front desk recommended we get a bit to eat before the late night buffet closed while they take our bags to our room. The room was beautiful, it overlooked the pool and was very clean and tidy. The next day (our first true day)was wonderful, We went to claim our lounge chairs and towels and the people who work their are the most friendliest bunch of people you would ever meet. The staff by the bar are the best and the entertainment by the pool was hilarous and fun to participate in. The kids club, was great, I had to pry my daughter from there. They take the kids swimming, horseback riding and to the beach. They are very capable and the workers there speak different languages, my daughter learned some french and italian. The food was out of this world, every day was something different. The nightly shows were a hoot. The animation team are a class act group of dancers who do all they can do to entertain you and your family. The disco was fun and hopping. The beach was one of the most beautiful beaches I have ever seen. I have been to jamaica, bahamas, bermuda and st. Martin and puerto rico and none of these places can hold a candle to the beaches and people there. I am definately going back!!!! Also, if you have a late departure, ask for a late check out, if they can't accomodate you, they will offer to hold your bags and give you a room for you to shower and change. They are they best! I highly recommend this resort to everyone. and it's very family friendly. You will not regret going here!!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The worst hotel we have ever been to!! We went to the grand paradise hotel for our first aniversary. The service was horrible! The food totally unacceptable. They clearly did not like Americans. We could not eat where we wanted to. we could not get towels at all. we had to go to the front desk over 10 times to complain, and we are extremely easy going people. the drinks were poor. We also made dinner reservations at at another hotel 4 days in advance, took a cab ride 1 hour to find out that the resterant was closed. It cost us 100 dollars. We will never return! I suggest that knowone stay at this hotel!!! I do have to say the people of the Dominican Republic not at the resort are very nice. they look out for one another and are very hard working. I wish them all the best for there government problems, and may god bless them.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Grand Paradise Bavaro Hello, I recently came back from Grand Paradise Bavaro in Punta Cana. All I can say is I would recommend this resort to almost anyone. There were plenty of people between the ages of 18-30. The disco was hopping almost every night, and the drinks came fast and furious until 2am. The facilities and food were above average as well and the staff could not have been more helpfull. Only complaint I would have is at times, the resort seemed to be understaffed, but this was minor considering the weather was PERFECT all week. I HIGHLY recommend this resort to anyone looking to spend between $1000-$1500 cdn taxes included.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>1st time travellers Okay folks,,,plain and simple THE GOOD STUFF 1) Beach amazing 2) Pool amazing 3) Drinks amazing...make sure to get them at the piano bar if possible. 4) Architecture and atmosphere amazing 5) Language barriers...somewhat noticeable 6) Itinerary...go to website first for more info. before you arrive will make life a little easier. 8) Service...great..done with a smile...with the exception of front desk...seemed overwhelmed at times. 9) Dominican people...great 10) Maids...over all great job...had some problems but nobody is perfect 11) Money exchange...do it before you get there... 12) Gifts...good stuff in the market...fantastic paintings...wish I could have brought back a couple. 13) A La Carte...get there 10 minutes before opening and wait. (6:50pm) 14) Bring lots of sun tan lotion....cost upwards of 16 US in the gift shopTHE BAD STUFF Bugs...bring repellant..sand fleas will getcha sooner or laterWATCH OUT FOR TIME SHARE DUDES...! THEY WEAR WHITE T-SHIRTS...JUST SAY NO.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Beach My husband and I just returned from spending two weeks (June 14-28, 2003), at the Grand Paradise Bavaro Resort in Punta Cana. The beach is BEAUTIFUL. You can walk for hours. I suggest you do it in the morning before it gets to hot. The resort resembles the pictures in the brochures. The brochures rated the resort a four star, but I would rate it a three star. Check in time is not until 3:00 p.m. in the afternoon which we were aware of. Upon entering our room I was a bit disappointed to find that the room was not what I would have expected of a four star resort. There was no clock radio to start with. The cleaning staff have up to 6:00 p.m. to clean your room. Towels from the previous day were picked up in the morning and they were not replenished until about 6:00 in the evening. It seemed that the resort only had one set per room and the cleaners had to wait to get the towels back from the laundry mat in order to provide the rooms with clean towels. Other than our bed being made on a daily basis, there were a couple of days when you could tell that the room had not been cleaned. We paid extra for an oceanview room, but got a poolview room, but the reception staff insisted that you could see the ocean from our room. All you could see was the pool. You do not need reservations for the A La Carte Restaurants, but if you did not get there by 7:00 p.m. to get your name on the list you they could not accomodate you. The a la carte restaurants could only handle a certain amount of people at a time. It seemed that all the restaurants in addition to the buffet restaurant was understaffed. There was plenty of times at the buffet restaurant when we were finished our meal before we were even served refreashments. The food was good at the buffet restaurant, but they needed more variety from day to day. I think they served the same thing for lunch a few days in a row. Drinks at the bar were okay. There was usually only one bartender to serve 20 people waiting at the bar. If you spoke Spanish you were usaully served first. The shows were great. The dancers were great. They got the audience involved and were very friendly. They resort had a kids club and did a great job entertaining the kids. The disco was popular at night once the shows were over. Even though we felt there were some problems with the service the weather was great and the beach was beautiful. That is sometimes all you need to have a relaxing enjoyable vacation.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved everything! I loved it! I had a great time there ! just one thing that i would like to know its how can i talk with a friend of kikoéº“s animation team! but resumed to two words  great time !  
<Date>Jun 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>no problem at paradise My wife and and I just came back from a fabulous 2 weeks in paradise.(May 25th...) I'm glad we had 2 weeks. The place was better than we expected. Thoroughly enjoyed our pool and ocean view room. Food was great and lots of variety. Especially enjoyed my filet mignon at the cana restaurant. Went on the jeep safari but found it rather exhausting after driving around all day. Enjoyed the catamaran sailing every day and snorkling. The animation staff were very friendly, hard working and poured their hearts out every night in their performances. The beach...beautiful. We'll be back.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a paradise... i have just arrived from my honey moon in grand paradise and i have to tell that i was very worried about this hotel, because of the information i have read here. My husband and me decided to have a great time and we did it. The hotel is wonderful, the infraestructure is hugh, the beach is beautiful, the food is delicious, the rooms are very confortable, although we asked for a king size bed and we had two beds. We had a very romantic view to the pool. The fridge was always full and the towels were everyday replaced. The only problem we found was the booking you need at the restaurants, because we went twice to the grill restaurant, an they said that it was full, although there were a lot of free tables... we didnt understand that system... the people there is friendly. We didnt like the road to punta cana from santo domingo. It seems to be very dangerous. People is not careful. We went to Manati park. the shark is dead, dont hope seeing it. The prices here are expensive. 70 dollars for swimming 10 minutes with the dolphins. Try to buy your souvenirs in the town, before arriving in the hotel, because the shop here is very expensive. Be careful about the exchange money rate. Be careful at the airport, i had my credit card in my passport and after cheking me, it wasnt there. They open your bags, so try to be NEAR THEM, the same when you leave republica dominicana. Taking care of that, you will have a great time here, its a very nice hotel to visit. Silviana.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful Stay I just returned from this fabulous hotel. I had a wonderful time. I was there for 1 week from 5/26/03 to 6/2/03. The staff was friendly. My room was not ready when I checked in about 4pm, however, I let the staff person know that I wanted the highest floor possible with a view of the ocean. I then changed into a swim suit and by the time I changed clothes my room was ready. I tipped the staff person at the check in desk and went to the room. It was not an oceanview room (which I had paid for) but I talked to the maid on the same floor and looked a room that she was cleaning because the guests had left. I went back over to the checkin desk with the room number and the checkin staff person gave me that exact room. I was very satisfied. Beautiful property. Extremely satisfied. The food was very good. I am a vegatarian and there were plenty of selections at each meal. I could not eat in the asian resturant because all of their selections contained meat, however the buffet each day was great. The only problem I encounted was the mosquitos I was bitten over 20 times. Please take off or whatever insect replenant you have. Take more than one. I ended up wearing long pants each night and a sweater over my shoulders. The mosquitos still bit me around my ankles. They really need to treat the little lake they have in front of the resturants. Also, take anti itch products with you as well, whatever you find and different types. Luckily I had an anti-itch product with me and it helped quite a bit. Also, bring an extra beach towel if you like 2 towels, the hotel will only give you 1 beach towel to use at the beach or pool. Make sure you take advantage of the complimentary activities such as bike riding and horse back riding. The tours can be quite expensive. Quite a few guests were from Europe and Canada. The beach was beautiful and well maintained. The beach umbrellas were great to lie under, however, they are quite close together and the folks around you can be quite disturbing in terms of kids mak you want peace and quite go to the end that has the palm trees by the watersports area there the chatter from the folks around you should be less. Great relaxing vacation. I am definitely planning to go back.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a great week We just returned from this wonderful resort (May 25-June1, 2003) and had an amazing time. We were very fortunate that the weather was outstanding for the entire week but apparently the week before the weather was not as good. We had read all the reviews about this resort and for the most part the good reviews are very accurate. Those who wrote bad reviews about this resort perhaps were expecting something else. We saw a number of guests who were rude and abrupt with some of the staff, and in doing so got that back. We had a couple of small problems (double beds when we asked for a King) but with smiling faces and a very non agressive threatening manner we were dealt with very well. Some of the comments were about the lack of english being spoken, well really you are in their country, it does not take too much effort to try and learn a few key words. The locals seem to appreciate the effort. As in life, if you smile the world smiles with you. The week we were there the hotel was only around 70% full so were were fortunate to walk up to any restaurant without booking. The same for the beach, we were always able to find somewhere to sit. The resort is well laid out and is well kept. The rooms were large and very functional. As with anything, there were one or two niggly things that needed some attention but nothing that was going to ruin our week. We took someone else's advice from this review board and tipped our room cleaner on the second night, it does make a difference. We took advantage of the free horseback riding and thoroughly enjoyed it. Word of caution, wear long pants. I still have the saddle sores!! We also did the 007 speed boat tour with snorkelling. That was a lot of fun and we got some great underwater pictures.....we hope. We must compliment the food and beverages at this resort. The food was amazing, very tasty and good quality. The house red and white wine was suprisingly good. The coffee was excellent and the fruit drinks and punches were very good. Due to 9/11 this hotel began maravelling dwindled significantly. We found there were a lot of French, English and Italians at the resort. Very cosmopolitan. We did take a walk to the Breezes next door and it looked like a very nice resort, however they are next door to dense forestation which is a breeding ground for the mosquitos. We were not at the Breezes for more then 10 minutes before we both encountered a number of mosquito bites. This was not a problem at all at the Grand Paradise. All in all we would dfintely go there again and would not hesitate to recommend this resort to other people. Go with an open mind and a relaxed attitude and you will enjoy yourselves. Feel free to contact us if you would like more information. Steve  
<Date>Jun 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good food good time bring a plastic mug cooler and sun screen, other then that this place is great check it out.  
<Date>May 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great great great!!! I just got back from the Grand Paradise Bavaro. There was a group of 10 of us who went there, we all had a great time. The food was great, service was wonderful, weather was perfect. Sunny, no clouds all day, everyday, then it would cloud over at night, rain for 20 - 30 minutes (it didn't matter much because you are either inside eating or watching the show)then the clouds would part away and you could gaze at the stars all night!! I was amazed at how friendly the staff were. We all had a wonderful time on the trip, thanks again to The Grand Paradise Bavaro. Can't wait to do it again!!  
<Date>May 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A fantastic trip I had travelled with four other girls to Punta Cana. May 7-14. We all had an excellent time. There isn't anything We could complain about, only our holiday was to short. The staff were very friendly and outgoing. The food was to die for, we were told the food was not the greatest, well! it is like this , the only people to complain about the resort, food or staff are simple complainers to begin with. My room was always spotless, we had our fridge filled everyday, the staff kept all of busy dancing , doing water sports and even arobics. I never stopped. I am a very outgoing person from the start, that makes it that much easier for alot of people. We left treats and tips every day for the staff, they well deserved it. The beach was always clean, the trees and flowers were certainly looked after. Their is so much for me to say, I could go on forever. If you have any questions please email me, I also have alot of beautiful pictures. This is a resort to remember, Yvette  
<Date>May 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>have a wonderful time under the sun Bring lots of sun block! The weather in this part of the Dominican Republic is incredibly sunny and hot! If you go expecting lots of sun and surf you'll have a good time at the Grand Paradise! The hotel grounds were a bit bare when we got there May of 2002, but the natural vegetation surrounding the beach was just great. The palm trees between the pool area and the beach allowed for some shade. The beach was beautiful, the water was warm and there were schools of fish in waste high water, fantastic!The front desk as can be expected were a bit stiff but generally pleasant. But once past check in, I never really went by the lobby! The other hotel staff was very friendly and courteous and the performers of the nightly show were even friendlier before and after the show! The disco at night was rather boring but I guess there wasn't a good New York crowd in the place the night that I went. The performers of the show did their best to make up for the lack of patrons!As far as the hotel goes, the walk up to the hotel room on the third floor was about the only thing I did not like. I don't like climbing stairs or being any higher than a second floor when I'm on vacation at a beach resort! The room and bathroom were good and kept clean daily. The room was quiet inside and I had no trouble sleeping! The phone and TV worked fine. There was no Internet access on the hotel grounds. I had to walk to another hotel nearby to access the Internet.The gym is bare bones, not worth mention.The guys at the water sport rental were very nice with the exception of the French manager. I love the French, but this guy makes them look BAD. He had absolutely no manners whatsoever. He wanted me to walk along the beach to another hotel to validate my American Express card before going parasailing. The nerve of this guy! In all fairness the hotel does not manage this concession but since it is on hotel ground someone should keep an eye on him!The food in the main dining area was good and plentiful. The restaurants were really jusatered down. Just have more than one to compensate!I think the hotel is just fine for a young crowd looking to have fun with minimal service. I would go again to the Grand Paradise, and knowing what I know now I would have a wonderful time under the sun!  
<Date>May 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had and awsome time and will be returning!!! I just returned home from a 2 week vacation at this hotel. Myself and 23 others were there and we all had a wonderful time. The hotel was very clean and the rooms were very comfortable. Now the food could be a little better but what can you expect when you go to a different country. The serves was great and everyone was full of smiles. The grounds were well looked after and everything you could ever want was provided. Drinks were everywhere you looked and there was no shortage believe me!!!!! We went para-sailing, snorkeling, boarding, sailing. There was tennis, areobics (land  water) volleyball, soccer, games and shows every night. We also went on an all day sailing trip to an island and its private beach, had lunch then returned by power boat to go snorkeling on a coral reaf to feed exotic fish! (must have been the best part of the trip) All in all... everyone had an amazing time, and I personally can't wait to get back on the island for some hot fun in the sun and even hotter night in the disco!!! Turst me... you will not be let down if you come to this wonderful hotel and resourt!!!!!!!!  
<Date>May 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ahmsa-Amazed! Wow! After reading other people's poor rating reviews I am astonished!!! The hotel was gorgeous, the service was nothing to complain about and the food was spectacular. I've been to other all-inclusive resorts before and I would go back to this one in a second. The buffet was different every night, the a la carte restaurants were fantastic and the servers were friendly. After being to Cuba last year I knew that there would be a language barrier, but I found it easier to communicate with the Dominican's. Arriving at 11am and not having my room ready was very upsetting... but the rest of the trip made me forget until just reading the other reviews. No complaints here!!!  
<Date>May 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time Seven great days at Grand Paradise Bavara with eight other girlfriends. It was the ultimate vacation. The staff were great but the check in was very poor. We had to wait quite a while for our rooms and we would of liked to had them together as requested but it didn't happen. That was our only complaint, not to bad hey for nine women? The grill was excellent especially at late night, the Asian restaurant was good and I loved our breakfast at the buffet. The beach was lovely, be there early to grab a hut and chair. The shows were class A and the people were just as friendly as Newfoundlanders, which I might add says alot! They work very hard in that heat and do an excellent job.I would love to return again someday.  
<Date>May 9, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>lots of fun , lots of sun We went to Amhsa Marina Grand Paradise Bavaro All Inclusive from April 29 to May 6, and we had a lot of fun, The food was great, the resort, rooms and restaurants were really clean, everybody was nice except maybe a couple of ladies at the reception. The activities during the days were well organised and the entertainment during the night was always excellent. Sometimes people from the audience had to participate in it, and we laugh and laugh. If you participate you can win Rum, T-shirts or certificates. It's fun having the food and drinks all-inclusive. Keep in mind that no bartender makes a drink the same way, and all of them make the drinks really strong.Check in: Check in is always around three o'clock so you might have to leave your luggage in the lounge for a while. Accept that our check in was fine, we got the room we wanted. TIPS: always ask for two room keys, and if you want a locker key it's 20$ US for the week.Flea Market: The Flea market is about 10-15 minutes walk to your right on the beach, when you get there, You'll find a lot of nice souvenirs. TIP: when they tell you the price, always cut the price at lease in half.Tips: Make sure you bring sunscreen, it's very expensive at the boutique (20$ US) and if you usually have cravings for chips, bring some because they sell a bag of lays 5 $ US. -Make sure to bring extra money if you plan on doing activities like swimming with dolphins (70$ US); snorkelling (70 $ Us); or going on a Safari tour 70$ US.Have fun, enjoy your trip and enjoy the sun.  
<Date>May 9, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best ever! coming from a world travleer I have traveld all over the U.S.,( Colorado, Florida, Kansas, Massachussettss, New Jersey, New York,Maine, New Hampshire) all over Europe (Bulgaria, Italy, Austria, Germany, Greece, Chez. Rep., Slovakia, England,....) But in all of my travels, Grand Paradise Bavaro is easily placed at the top of my list. Being my first time in the Caribbean, I didn't know what to expect. But being there those awfully short 4 days, I had the best vacation of my life. tHE BEACHES, POOLS, ACTIVITIES, SHOWS, *DISCO*, all of it was mind blowing. The best part of it all was truly the staff. Dissmissing the idol fact that it is their job, even so in real - life they are the nicest, politest, and funnest people I have ever met. A week after now, and I still think about it everyday. FOR THE BEST ALL - AROUND VACATION, GO TO GRAND PARADISE BAVARO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>May 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Oh Boy. Me and two other people stayed at this gorgeous hotel the week of April 22-29th...We landed on a Tuesday and took the shuttle to the hotel. Beware of the drivers, you may lose you're life and that's not a joke..we saw a bus crash on the way going home (to the airport), really scary.. ANYWAY..driving from the airport to the resort takes about 20 minutes, should actually take 40 minutes...The Dominican is very poor and driving to the resort, you think oh no..what did i do.. but you get there and it's GORGEOUS! the visuals of this hotel are amazing, however, our biggest and most frustrating complaint was the continuous bad service we recieved throughout the week.. BEWARE!!!!! It's too bad that such a beautiful resort had such horrific service, what a waste! Anyway... Our room, was not ready when we arrived at 11:00 AM, which we anticipated so bring a change of clothing b/c you will sweat to death, it is HOT there! We had to wait until 3:30 until we could check in, i really don't know why? We get to our room, which is sort of bare but you can deal with it, our room overlooked the pool area, really nice.. However, we had no comforters, towels, tissues, yada yada yada..What took them so long, the room wasn't even prepared??? Things got progressively worse as the week went on..We found that the cleaning ladies and most of the other workers there do not know a LICK of english, so it is EXTREMELY hard to communicate what you need, it definately helps if you know spanish. We never ended up getting what we needed unless we got it ourselves..even after asking millions of times..we finally got our comforters on Saturday..3 days b4 our trip ended. DO NOT USE THE PHONE...even if you have a calling card, they don't tell you that even when you use your calling card it cost 3 american dollars each time you use it, plus whatever costs are on your card..its ridiculous! The pool area is very popular as are the hut areas on the beach, if you want one, you need to wake up at like 7 or earlier to get one.. Don't be fohere it was completely overcast, so we layed out anyway with 30 SPF on our skin, and got fried..you still get sun...go easy. If you're like me and love to tan..don't worry you will, just take your time. Activities: you must do the safari 4-wheeling business...it's great..we passed a nudist colony on the beach, very bizarre, 3 people hovered over a fire on a local beach..and saw a cave..fun. Then we did the snorkel thing, also really fun, don't touch the coral! you'll kill it!DO NOT, i repeat DO NOT do the free horseback riding they offer in the morning, i made that mistake, and luckily still alive to write about, i got the psycho horse that felt the need to race the others. Ridiculous and you're ass hurts for days, so don't bother. The snorkeling and 4-wheeling are expensive but fun! don't miss out! Always bargain when buying something..never pay what they ask.. NEVER.The food is amazing, however the Asian grill was the only rest. that made all 3 of us, really sick. Good goin down but not back up.what else..last tip..enjoy yourself here, just don't expect anyone (staff) to do anything for you..get rid of other hotel service in your mind..they wont do it! but have fun, this place is beautiful!!!! hope this helped, and be sure to contact me if you have any questions..i'll tell it like it is..  
<Date>Apr 30, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kroberge
<Content>Fun, relaxation  Me and 9 of my friends just spent 1 week at the Grand Paradise. We were in awe when we arrived, because of the beauty. The ocean and the resort looked just as they did in all the brochures. The staff are wonderful and go out of their way to make your stay enjoyable. We met many different people and bring home lots of stories to tell. The rooms are clean, maybe lacking some towels, but clean. The beach is kept very clean, as well as the pool. Excellent variety of food and beverages. The Mariana staff will keep you busy all day, dancing, singing, playing games, if that is what you would like.I think we will try to go again next year, with the kids. They will love it!!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Truly is Paradise! My husband and I spend 8 wonderful days at this resort. We had spent many days looking at the reviews on different sites and was expecting the worst. But once we arrived we found out that things were very different. Check-in was very quick, staff were very friendly and made you feel very welcome. Food was great, always something different on the menu and always food and drinks everywhere you went. Pool was very big and always clean. The beach was ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL! We spent most of our time there. Would go back to this resort at the drop of a hat and would also recommend it to all my friends.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great vacation, great location we just returned from a 8 day vacation at the grand paradise resort. we could not have asked for a better place. we had no problem with checking in or out of the hotel. the hotel staff goes out of their way to help you. There was more than enought food to go around. we enjoyed the steak and italian resturant alot. the drinks were always good. we also went on two excursions which were well worth the money. we went on the jet gum 4 wheeler rides and the catamaran tour. The only thing was it took 2 hours to get to the catamaran which we were not aware of. we meet many nice people from all over and we look forward to going again soon. The weather was perfect.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>3/24-3/28/03 Great place to vacation if....... Grand Paradise is an absolutely beautiful resort. No one will ever be able to dispute that fact. The grounds and layout make for an almost picture perfect vacation spot. As mentioned in other reviews, the food, pool, and beach get extremely high marks. The only down fall to our vacation was the language barrier. I don't feel that I'm being overly sensitive either. Our vacation was a charter based out of Atlanta, Georgia and everyone on our flight was heading somewhere in the Dominican. A number of other couples were staying at the Grand Paradise as well. Throughout our stay, we compared experiences with our new friends and the only complaint that anyone had was the language barrier. It almost seemed as if the resort staff went out of their way to ignore English speaking guests. If you speak Spanish, French, or German, you will not have any problems. If you only speak English, be prepared to figure everything out on your own.This sort of indifference to English speaking guests seemed to be a common thread with everyone on our return flight from the Dominican, no matter what resort had been visited. Overall our vacation was a success. My wife and I traveled with our children ages 10 and 7. The resort offered many activities that kept their attention as well as ours.For those traveling from the States with children or teenagers, keep in mind that the Dominican is a haven for a great number of French and German. The only reason that I mention that is because you may want to talk with your children about the large amount of topless sun bathing that takes place on the beach as well as pool side. We were aware of this before traveling but thought it was worth mentioning for someone traveling to the area for the first time. If the resort could fix the language barrier for English speaking guests, I'd return in a heartbeat. That was truely the only hiccup in our trip.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Real Paradise We just returned from a two weeks vacation at Grand Paradise Bavaro and we'll like to recommend everybody who wants a great time, to choose this resort. No complains, everything was perfect, nice people, great entertainment. All of you who we'll go there enjoy every moment!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Watch for Administrative Problems We spent 2 weeks here on our Honeymoon. We reserved a king size bed and were expecting the offered honeymoon package. When we arrived we had to wait about 7 hours for a room. I had anticipated a wait, but 7 hours was a little long. When we finally got a room, we were given one with 2 twin beds. The front desk staff has the art of ignoring you down to a science. I was amazed. We talked to the understaffed front office people and they informed us that they would fix it tomorrow. We went back the next day and they again told us tomorrow. We sought the help of our tour representative and she talked to them and told us to come back at 6 pm that day. We came back at 6 and again were given the runaround by the front desk. We had to get mad and involve the travel rep. again before we finally got a king size bed. The honeymoon package included a fruit basket and a bottle of rum. We got neither. A couple of days into our stay there was a 1 year anniversary offer from the resort for a free 1 day trip to Santo Domingo with 1 night in an all-inclusive resort there. We enquired at the front desk but due to the constant delay in getting service there, we were approached by another guest of the resort. She warned us about taking the resort up on their offer as other people had taken the offer and when they came back to the resort they didn't have a room. She said they were told that by leaving they had broken their contract and that they didn't have to give them another room. We found out later that the resort was overbooked and they were trying to free up some rooms. GUESTS BEWARE We thought this was to make up for the problems we had experienced getting our room in the first place. How lucky we were that we were warned.On a positive note, the resort is beautiful, the beach is wonderful and the food was excellent. They always had enough selection so that everyone should be able to find something that they liked. If you can avoid having to deal with the front desk you will enjoy this resort very much. We will go back to the Dominican Republic but I don't think I would want to go through the hassle at this resort again.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unforgettable I arrived at Grand Paradise with my parents and was thinking that it was only going to be a beach vacation but it was SO much more than that. Being 18 I was expecting to spend a lot of time on my own but I met SOO many people and the only bad thing about the whole trip was that I had to leave them behind! They were so helpful (and very polite...and good looking which helped) and they made a point to get everyone involved in activities. The animation staff were unbelievable at getting people to join really made an impression! The food was different but there was lots of choice. The room was VERY clean and always air conditioned, and the disco was one of the most important part of the trip because that was where you get to listen to many different types of music and mingle with lot's of people. I will never forget what an amazing time I had there!!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful..and the people were so nice! I have been in 11 countries and have traveled a lot, sometimes I have been to those countries more than once. I have been to Paris and Sweden, and this is my second trip to the Dominican Republic, this has been the best trip I have ever taken, out of all of them! The name for this hotel is the most appropriate...grand...yes...its very big and has great accomodations and great food and it is beautiful! The well kept grass, the well kept tropical gardens with aromatic flowers and palm trees. The beautiful and large swimming pools which were grand in every way. Paradise, the second I arrived I knew that it was paradise. The lobby is very welcoming and the view from it is beautiful. After checking in the first thing I did was going to the bar to drink a pina colada, which was excellent, the bar has a large selection of delicious drinks (may I recommend the pina colada with grenadine syrup..yum) In total I drank like 50 of those!! The food was marvelous, breakfast at the La Laguna restaurant you could eat tropical fruits such as passion fruit, pineapple, and papaya. They also had great fresh, homemade juices from these same fruits. You could also have delicious custom made crepes and/or omelets and watch them make it for you. There was also a variety of pastries which were of the highest quality and seemed to be bakery made (I have lived in Latin America for most of my life and I know that Latin American bakeries are absolutely marvelous and that they used the highest quality ingredients) Then you could have tea time with delicious tea and shortbread cookies (which were also bakery made). Then you could also have dinner at one of the four restaurants, the best for dinner are michelangelo, the italian one, and asia, the asiatic one. The resort's website does not have really good pictures of what the hotel looks like, it only has a good picture of the room, but the pictures of the hotel and the beach are nothing at all like the hotel. If you would like pictures of what the hotel really looks like, feely pictures.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Truly Paradise! The name of this resort was certainly befitting the place... it truly was Paradise! What a fabulous post-graduate Spring Break week we had! Absolutely everything about the resort was fantastic, from the accommodations to the food to the drinks to the gorgeous beach to the people... there is not one valid complaint that we can make. This was our second trip to the D.R. and we will certainly be visiting again next year at the same time. We have to admit that we were just a little apprehensive about this resort after reading a few of the more recent reviews, however, they couldn't have been more inaccurate. Check-in was a breeze, with a lovely young woman who couldn't have been sweeter. Our room was great, very spacious, and clean. The grounds of the resort were kept spotless and perfectly manicured. The pool was crystal clear and the water was warm and inviting. The food was delicious and the variety was huge. If you couldn't find something to satisfy your hunger at each meal then you're a person who simply cannot be pleased. We didn't eat in any of the specialty restaurants because the main buffet was just too good to take a chance on any other place. Now... the beach! Words can't describe how beautiful the beach was and the water was breathtaking... so many beautiful shades of blue and green! Occasionally, you would see a piece of seaweed float by but nothing more than that and early each morning they would rake whatever seaweed had collected during the night and dispose of it. The sand was clean and soft both on the beach and into the water... no shells or rocks to make walking barefoot uncomfortable. The vacation experience we had at this resort last week was perfect in every way and we would, without question, highly recommend the Grand Paradise Bavaro. In conclusion, we'd like to say the only thing that made the resort even better for us were the people who we met there last week. Our new friends from NY, Nova Scotia, and Toronto are etched in our memories forever meeting them. Thank you, Grand Paradise Bavaro, for making our winter getaway the experience of a lifetime!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MississaugaRed
<Content>Awful travel, Greatest vacation We visited the Grand Paradise Bavaro the last week of February - a group of 10 people ages mid-30's to mid-50's. In no time we were all feeling and acting like teenagers. How could you not when the staff there went out of their way to make your stay as relaxed or fun-filled as you desired.The awful part of the trip was the travel - Redseal/Jetsgo supplied. We have renamed the air line JetsSTOP. While the staff manning the aircraft were very pleasant and as accomodating as they were able to be, the fact that we were using a fledgling travel  air carrier meant we had all the problems associated with using the low man on the totem pole. From departure time, to gate access, to over booked hotel rooms, we were the people getting bumped. Our flight was delayed longer than any others the day we left Pearson. In spite of a storm the day we left all other air lines got away within an hour or two of their scheduled departure time. We had an eleven hour delay! An hour of that sitting on the plane because they couldn't get the luggage loaded properly. Say no more. Our solution - Pack as much fun as we could into the time we had did have. We kept a positive attitude, generally entertaining ourselves (and others) in the process. Once we got to the resort, the spacious  clean rooms were a welcome sight. We were kept supplied with bottled water  soft drinks. Maid service was propmpt. Maybe too much so, as housekeeping would sometimes try to enter our room before it was vacated in the morning. It took us several days to realize there was a way to lock the door. So, FYI - moving the handle into an upward position means the staff may knock, but they can't come in! I also begged a do not disturb sign from one of the housekeeping staff I encountered, which solved that little issue. Our rooms were in building 2, close to the pool and beach which was perfect for our needs, just far enough away to cut down some of the noise if you were an early to bed kind of person. The resort has a very compact  efficient layout which meant everything was easily accessed. You didn't have to give up an hour of your time to pop back to your room if you forgot something, or if you needed to go up to the front desk. We close a daily nesting spot between the pool and the beach. The pool bar was right there and a lot of the activities during the day took place pool side next to the bar. It made it very easy to join in the various games, dance lessons  aerobic sessions that went on at various times all through the day. The same staff that supervised these activities were also part of the nightly show times and were often seen assisting with special events at the disco late into the night. The animation team put in a very long day and should be commended for generally keeping an easy going and friendly manner no matter what the circumstances. The disco was hit and miss. Some nights were packed and a little smokey for our taste, other times the music was great and the mix of people just right for a good time.The beach was beautiful. It seemed to go on forever. The water was very surfy, which make it great for playing, maybe a little rough for very small children to go into without a parent. The surf action did change during the day so it might seem fairly calm during the morning but pick up a bit in the afternoon. Nothing that an adult with even a reasonable amount of swimming talent couldn't handle. The food was great. Not one of our party had a problem of any kind related to the food or drink. At the buffet the menu was always varied. A differnent theme was used each night during the week. There was always a good assortment of vegetables, fruit, meats, pasta and deserts. They usually had a couple of specialty stations set up with the nightly theme food. The grilled steak  pork they made a couple of nights was excellent. My only disappointment with the buffet - it was totally enclosed, with a limited number of windows and none that opened. The same for the Asian and Italian restaurants, which were all part of the same building. Now, I'm sure they have a reason for designing the layout like this, but part of the joy of travelling during Canadian winters to the carribean is being able to do so much outside in the warmth! It would have been nice if the buffet, where you had to take breakfast and where you dined any night that you didn't have a reservation at a specialty restaurant, could have had at least some outside seating. The beach restaurant was lovely. It served a nicely varied lunch (the pizza was always fresh, thin crusted with a variety of topping; great hamburgers - ask for them well-done!), during the dinner hour it was The Grill restaurant requiring reservations, and between mid-night and 1:00 a.m. served a late night snack. They staff there were wonderfully flexible with the timing for the mid-night snacks. If they had enough takers, they would stay open late and throw on fresh food for you. I know we ate there after 2:00 a.m. at least a couple of nights. They would accomodate by keeping that bar open a little later as well. We did get into The Grill restaurant 2 nights, and it was the best atmosphere you could want for a tropical evening dining out. The staff were great. The pre-dinner drink service was a little slow at first, but once we started joking with the wait staff they quickly picked up on our vacation-fun spirit and joked and teased us in return - while sending over ample drinkage all the while! In general we found the Dominican people to be generous and good-natured. Most of the staff spoke some language other than their native Spanish, although that language was not always limited. I admit to feeling a little inadequate when having to tell them I spoke only English. Luckily one of our party spoke french and another Italian, so we were always able to be understood. The locals were also very pleased anytime we made the least effort to address them with the limited Spanish we knew from our phrase books. Please make the effort if you go there - it's worth it to show them that you respect their culture and appreciate the opportunity to enjoy their country. Yes, the tourist industry is very important to the Island, but that doesn't mean we should be dismissive of these people's pride and worth. If you treat those who are working there like people and not like servants your vacation will be the better for it. You'll come away with new friends and happy memories, and maybe leave some of the same behind you with them. Other things we learned:There is a market about a 10-15 minute walk down the beach. They offer a little bit of everything. The prices they were willing to take for their wares changed from day to day. Bottom line: If you're not comfortable with the price, say No, Thank-you, and walk away. Tomorrow the price could be higher or lower, for no reason we could see other than the mood of the vendor at the time.Take American dollars: Last year we visited the La Romana area of the DR and were advised to use pecos whenever possible since that was their currency. This year, no one seemed happy unless they were getting American money. They would jack the price up so much if you wanted to pay in pecos that even with the exchange it was cheaper to pay in American Dollars than in Canadian converted to Pecos. Do not take damaged bills: We couldn't give away an American $50 bill we had because it had a slight tear on one side. We tried at the market, at the resort and even at the Punta Cana airport - no takers. Something about their banks not accepting it.Travel mugs: Take them! Not only do they make for fewer trips to the bar or restaurant but it keeps your beverage colder/hotter longer. Also - great for trading. The locals don't have access to these kind of things. Several vendors offered to trade a t-shirt for my mug - which I might have done if it had been the last day instead of one of the first!Salty Snacks: If you can't go an entire week without chips or chocolate, take your own. What they have available there in the gift shop or at the airport is hugely expensive. These treats can also be used as a thank you to particularly helpful staff. Air mattresses: we took a couple to inflate when we got there, using a small bicycle pump we had. It made for a more comfortable lounge chair as well as a great water toy. The cheap ones from Canadian Tire work well and can be left behind as a gift for one of the staff with children.If you enjoy Volleyball - take your own: We did and didn't have to wait for anyone else to get a game started. The sports hut shut down at about 6:00 p.m. and they would always take the equipment back. With your own, you can play indefinitely, or at least as long as your teams last. Medical supplies: As well as the usual medications you'll think you might need, take bug spray and bandaids. If you are usually a feast to bugs here in Ontario it's going to be open season on you in the DR. Not everyone got bitten, but those of us were normally do here, got it there too. Bandaids are a must because if you're wearing sandals after being in winter shoes for several months, you're bound to end up with blisters  sore spots.Sunscreen: The cost of a 30SPF bottle there translated to about $46 Canadian. You will need it -take it from home and save yourself a bundle.A La Carte Restaurants - they changed their set-up during the week we were there. Instead of making reservations it became first come, first served. We were able to go up to a restaurant around 6:00 p.m. and get in the schedule for the first available seating, which might not be until 8:00 or 9:00 pm. which suited us fine.Hope this is helpful in some way. The best advise anyone can give no matter where you're vacationing is to keep an up-beat attitude - the fun will find you if you do! Go with the intention to enjoy and you can't miss! I will happlily answer whatever questions anyone might have.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2003
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time! Myself and 2 friends just returned from one week at Grand Paradise Bavaro. It was absolutely wonderful! The resort itself was beautiful. The staff were exceptionally kind, friendly and fun! The beach and all the water sports/activities were great. The food was plentiful and a wide variety to suit all. Overall I had a wonderful time and would return to this resort again.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2003
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Time of our lives! It was the best week of our lives. The food was great with plenty of selection, the staff was overall friendly and helpful. Although some spoke limited english and we spoke very little spanish, we managed to get by very well. The grounds were always kept clean with security guards patrolling 24 hours a day. The beach was beautiful and stretched for miles. We just returned yesterday and are already planning our trip back next year!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Trip Ever! I just returned from a week at the Grand Paradise. It was the best trip I've ever had! The beach was absolutely gorgeous! We were part of a group of a dozen and all of us were very impressed with the resort. The staff was excellent, especially the animation staff! Even the food was great! I'm normally a very picky eater, but I had no problem finding food I enjoyed. The resort was clean and quiant and there was plenty of activities to participate in...from beach volleyball, to water aerobics, to ping pong, to Bocci ball.....There was never a dull moment! I would go back in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>awesomericorico
<Content>Grand Holiday...just minor problems. My wife and I just got back from Grand Paradise Bavaro. We had a great time! The resort is very nice and the food was pretty good as well. Most of the people were very nice throughout the resort except the staff at the front lobby. I'm glad that I basically had to deal with them the last day, otherwise my review would be a lot worse. I've been travelling to different places where I find some people rude and ignorant, but I must admit that these people top them all. There's a certain woman (Rosa Pimentel)... let me tell you , she's quite a number , to say the least. I think she loved giving an attitude to the guests. But over all it was a good place, the beach is great, the weather was equally great. I don't think I would go back because I don't like going back to the same place, but we had a great time!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2003
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Kristina
<Content>Buyer Beware: Crappy Service The resort was beautiful and clean, but there were serious service issues. Problems we consistantly encountered during our weeklong vacation:1. The resort is huge, but for some reason they only have 2 front desk clerks working. They could of used another 2 bodies. We waited 1 hour in line just to check in, and anytime you needed something, you had to wait just as long. I can understand why they were rude, but it still stinks to have no choice to talk to a unhappy employee on your vacation. Note to hotel: Please get those divider things that keep people in line instead of all crowding up at the desk. That would at least give the place a sence of organization and keep those line hoppers to a minimum.2. The hot tube is COLD!!!! Colder than the pool. I am not kidding. I asked the maintance men a few times if they could turn up the heat, but they just said No and walked away. 3. Most of the time there was only 1 bartender working at the two outside bars during the peak times. There would usually be another 2 employee behind the bar socializing and totally ignoring the huge line of people. Note: Tipping does NOT improve service. 4. The staff in the main dining area and beach grill were not attentive. Their job is to get you drinks, but they were always in back socializing among themselves. And they were also suppose to bus the tables and re-set the tables. Look out, because I noticed that if the used silverware, napkins, glassware doesn't look to dirty, they re-use it!!!! Again, tipping does NOT improve your service.5. Our housekeeper was Excellent, however, we found it fustrating and strange that she literally only knocked on our door only one time, before letting herself in. And she did this 4 of the 7 days we were there. And always at 7:30 am. She walked in as I was changing 2 times. Beware: There are no Do not disturb signs or a privacy lock. 6. The people who sell tours at the desk in the front lobby were always on personal calls on their cell phones., smoking and/or talking among themselves. They seemed mad to have to be there. Good luck getting help should you have it. 7. The hotel check out time is 1:00 pm. They attach a note to your bill saying that they will provide a room for you to shower and change if you aren't leaving till later and want to swim etc. We asked for a room and were given a room key. Can you imagine how surprised we were when we went to that room, inserted the key, opened the door and found that the housekeeper was cleaning it. They gave us someone else's dirty room to shower and change in. Yuck! The housekeeper, not surprisingly was totally annoyed with this interuption. She insisted on staying in the room with us and even propping the door open, as my husband and I took showers. What was up with that?  
<Date>Feb 26, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved it ! We just returned from a 1 week vacation at the Grand Paradise PuntaCana. We arrived there on February 1st, 2003.The check in was fast and the luggage was delivered quickly to our roomon the 2nd floor in building #1. The room was large and bright with a nice size balcony. The fridge was stocked with soft drinks and bottled water. The bathroom was also fairly big. Everything was very clean, and there were no insects tobe seen all week long. The air conditioner was running quiet, which is important for a good night sleep. The food in the La Laguana Buffet Restaurant was excellent, a large variety to choose from, never boring. We also ate at all three a la carte restaurants. The food was good, but it seemed they wanted you out of there as soon as possible. They did not give you enough time between courses to relax and enjoy your drink. You hardly finished the main course and the desert tray was on the way. We constantly had to remind the waiter to come back a little later. The pool and the pool area were beautiful and kept clean all the time. The washrooms, no matter which ones we used, were always clean. There were a variety of activities during the day to keep anyone busy. We never felt pressured to participate in any activities, which we found very nice. The beach was also beautiful. The first few days the waves were too big for us to go in, but then the ocean calmed down and we loved it. The drinks at the bars were good, although they were inconsistent from bartender to bartender. A drink would be made with orange juice and another bartender would use pineapple juice for the same drink, but after a few of those, they all tasted just about the same. We have been to Cuba and Mexico a few times before but the GrandParadise was the best so far. The size of the resortis perfect. Everything is close by. We really loved it. Our motto always was, never go to the same resort twice, but the Grand Paradise changed our mind. We will be there again next winter if we can book a room on the upper floor.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>looks can be deceiving Flying into Punta Cana it seemed as though it was the perfect choice for a wonderful vacation. Our expectations were only confirmed upon arrival at our pristinely landscaped resort. And as we exited the bus, gathered our bags and entered the open-air lobby, REALITY SETS IN. We were greeted by other guests in very heated arguments with front desk staff, which by the spoke little or no english. Confusion was abundant as there were no indication from staff members as to the check-in procedures. After waiting in the lobby (quite charming by the way) for what was at least 1.5hrs. We were informed by the desk staff that our rooms where not ready and that we would have to wait until after 5pm. It was at this time 1:30. We were expected to leave all of our luggage sitting in the middle of the Lobby floor and go entertain ourselves. Fully Dressed. So we determined to overlook this as all vacations have atleast one little mishap. When our rooms were finally ready we had to carry our on luggage to our rooms up 3 flights of stairs only to find that our rooms where not what we had paid for. We had a gorgeous view of an armed soldier, a chainlink fence at a goat farm. No really it was a goat farm. We paid for oceanview adjoining rooms with a king bed and one with 2 fullsize. Didn't happen. We found out the next day that our rooms had been given away due to overbooking. So after spending most of the daylight time arguing for the rooms we paid for and moving our own luggage. We got our rooms. Except one of our rooms was still occupied by another guest. So yes they do program other guests cards to open your room door on accident occasionally so keep valuables hidden in the safe. The people were rude, always served european or spanish speaking guests before english guests, the food was not wonderful. Don't go to the chinese restaurant. Over all if you can't afford a nicer resort, go to DisneyWorld. The beach and snorkeling were nice. That's all. If there are any questions feel free to e-mail me.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful! Had and absolutely wonderful time! What more is there to say.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quaint little place I stayed at the Grand Paradise Baravo and it was a nice place. The room was suppose to be a king bed and we got two single beds. There were a few ants in the bathroom and we had to wait too long for bath towels. The floor felt sandy. The food was good at the buffet, get there early. The Italian restraurant was terrific. The lobster dinner was awful and the steak night was good. Definitely go on the Monster Jeep excursion. Bring little baggies of pensils, Wrapped candy, tooth brushes and tooth paste, markers etc. to hand out to the children. You could never bring enough for all the children you will see, so keep the bags small. It was alot of fun even though we had rain. Parasailing was great and I saw two sightings of whales. Bring sunscreen or you'll fry. Enjoy!!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Worst!! We just returned today from our stay at this hotel and I could not wait to write a review on this terrible property in the hope of warning other unsuspecting customers. We have been to many places in the Carribean ,i.e. Anguilla, Bermuda, Nassau, Barbados, Caymans and Jamaica (got married there) and the Dominican Republic in general and this hotel in particular is by far the worst we have ever experienced. The staff, particularly the Front Desk personal, are rude and uncooperative (especially if you are english-speaking) and the food is TERRIBLE!! How can you possibly lose weight at an all-inclusive resort?If anyone suggests that you visit this resort, assume they are on drugs and go somewhre else!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise I would fly back in a heartbeat. I loved it! I relaxed immediately and it just got better from there. The people couldn't do enough. The food was amazing with choices to please everyone. Beautiful beyond compare. I can see why they call this Grand Paradise.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a beach!   showReview(846541, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great vacation, warm    showReview(841270, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2003
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Baby's Paradise ?   showReview(838919, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nettie25
<Content>Love It!   showReview(836019, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>warm and friendly   showReview(835660, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>moments2rembr
<Content>With time it should get better!!   showReview(833698, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>never go back   showReview(830429, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sammy Boy 53
<Content>Grand Paradise Bavaro/Amsha marino   showReview(823425, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 12, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tremendous   showReview(822146, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 10, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>you shoud know what you are paying for...   showReview(821719, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Napamaza
<Content>GRAND PARADISE...MON OEIL!   showReview(23433116, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2009
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>nathalon
<Content>trçŒ«s beau voyage       piscine section club  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>cattalourdes
<Content>un truc de fou.de la bombe       playa  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ines18
<Content>plus ou moins bien   showReview(22495954, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>afecty
<Content>el peor hotel con estrelllas   showReview(22349433, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>sensei_martin
<Content>pour decrocher   showReview(22292311, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>obligatorio
<Content>no me gusto el servicion de las habitaciones   showReview(22280178, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>2	4	5	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>3liz
<Content>Podria haber sido mejor.   showReview(22217108, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	5	4	4	

<Author>pipamadrid
<Content>me decepciono un poco   showReview(22171700, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Marina74Suisse
<Content>TrçŒ«s dèŒ…cevant !   showReview(21905998, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	3	2	1	3	

<Author>baboucheka
<Content>superbe hotel   showReview(21898287, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>heiner1111
<Content>Es wahr sehr gut   showReview(21567024, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Viajesdominicana
<Content>No tiene perdè´¸n esa equivocaciè´¸n   showReview(21562364, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	1	2	2	3	

<Author>neobi
<Content>tranquilidad avsoluta   showReview(21462682, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JOKA_8
<Content>SUPER! PARADISIAQUE!   showReview(21420749, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	3	2	-1	3	4	5	2	

<Author>vpeyt1
<Content>Excelente precio-calidad   showReview(21138575, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>chrisetxav
<Content>un seul mot : Super !!!!!!       saona, a ne surtout pas rater !!!!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nouveau1
<Content>attention attention danger   showReview(20155930, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KiwiTerrebonne
<Content>Vacances de ré”šve   showReview(20149960, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Grandevoyageuse
<Content>Bon hä¹ˆtel - superbe plage   showReview(20034050, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>carrey34
<Content>Mejor Imposible por el Precio Pagado...       Esperando que pasara Huracan Hanna  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	3	2	

<Author>Francis01
<Content>Un hotel mas que aceptable para el precio pagado.       El Club  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>odocurro
<Content>NO ARRUINES TU VACACIONES EN ESTE HOTEL   showReview(19673816, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	2	1	2	1	2	

<Author>recorope
<Content>SAL CORRIENDO SI ESTè„•S A TIEMPO   showReview(19662299, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>patachon
<Content>pas tèŒ…rrible pour un 4 èŒ…toiles !   showReview(19569018, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Ahikedaeso
<Content>Ojito con el rollito dominicano   showReview(19557286, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>AsturiasAda
<Content>no muy recomendable       LLoviendo  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	2	4	2	

<Author>igor01
<Content>Bonitas instalaciones, pero gran decepcion. Nos robaron de la caja fuerte.   showReview(19495711, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>1	3	2	2	1	2	1	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bon hotel dans la globalitèŒ…   showReview(19636608, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>willymudito
<Content>por favor si kereis unas vacaciones buenas no vayais a este hotel   showReview(19445486, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	3	1	1	

<Author>ahh82
<Content>pues yo sé“† que volveré“†a   showReview(19409058, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>aidasixx
<Content>Alucinante, no entiendo las malas cré“†ticas   showReview(19368844, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Pipozgz
<Content>Si teneis dudas sobre este hotel   showReview(19332322, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Peucito
<Content>No esta mal, no volveria   showReview(19329489, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	1	2	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon rapport qualitèŒ…-prix   showReview(19636607, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SaraBcn2001
<Content>Instalaciones bien, servicio pèŒ…simo   showReview(19191711, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	1	1	2	

<Author>brasil695
<Content>el peor hotel de mi vida   showReview(19100746, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	1	3	1	1	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top in Preis/Leistung   showReview(22959673, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Categoriaf
<Content>Esta Bien   showReview(18947042, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ballermann auf amerikanisch   showReview(22951125, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>war gut   showReview(22947511, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mittelklasse Familienhotel zum kleinen Preis   showReview(22946676, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mariguan81
<Content>Muy bien   showReview(18931520, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>fran_251
<Content>hotel de pena   showReview(18822333, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	

<Author>zaloui
<Content>le paradis sur terre   showReview(18668377, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>frankaboi
<Content>Bon rapport qualitèŒ…/prix   showReview(18511586, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>misselsa
<Content>Ce petit coin de paradis que nous cherchons tous!!!       L'aèŒ…roport  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>De trçŒ«s bonnes vacances sous le soleil   showReview(18532651, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>pesadillajulio20083
<Content>PESADILLA   showReview(18257849, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	2	1	

<Author>martinetpatrick
<Content>Plus que bien   showReview(18237017, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	2	4	3	4	

<Author>elipse70
<Content>Joli mais service èŒ…pouvantable !   showReview(18106951, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	5	2	1	-1	3	

<Author>sevillano_8
<Content>verdaderamente una mierda.......   showReview(18078283, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	4	1	1	

<Author>raulet
<Content>flojo,no volverèŒ…...no lo recomiendo   showReview(17989236, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>diti59
<Content>Bonnes vacances   showReview(17968475, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	4	2	4	

<Author>noucks
<Content>Vie nocturne intèŒ…ressante   showReview(17920623, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	2	2	4	

<Author>itzela
<Content>Genial con algunos defectillos sin importancia       animacion  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>naneGuada
<Content>No tan horrible como lo pintan, pero muchos fallos       Animaciè´¸n por el dé“†a, bailando merengue.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>lalalaGranParadise
<Content>Muy bien   showReview(17759529, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	3	2	

<Author>estelaBarcelona
<Content>Engaå¸½ozo   showReview(17655041, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	3	2	1	

<Author>rblancovk8
<Content>hotel bien,habitacion horrible.   showReview(17646996, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	2	4	4	

<Author>joblando
<Content>bien sin mè°©s   showReview(17597956, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	2	3	2	

<Author>replaurent
<Content>tres bon hotel   showReview(17493460, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Colococo
<Content>Hotel normalito amistades la leche   showReview(17220546, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alkorokon
<Content>mala eleccion   showReview(17182462, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	2	3	1	3	4	

<Author>lofersou
<Content>bastante pobre   showReview(17178049, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	5	1	5	3	

<Author>nellyzgz
<Content>Experiencia positiva   showReview(17175040, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	3	3	3	1	

<Author>crivi
<Content>Busca un hotel espaå¸½ol, este es frances   showReview(16713350, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	2	2	2	3	1	

<Author>Kitoko
<Content>Nie wieder!   showReview(16694352, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>1	2	4	4	2	2	2	2	

<Author>tainochti
<Content>Et si le paradis existait !   showReview(16593076, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pas mal mais trèŒ…s bruyant   showReview(16591495, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Gene088
<Content>Belle Vacance   showReview(16012877, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>sev2m
<Content>Hä¹ˆtel plus que convenable! super sèŒ…jour!   showReview(15994780, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>exphilippe
<Content>Un 4 èŒ…toiles normes locales qui est en fait un 2 èŒ…toiles!!!   showReview(15418183, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	5	4	1	3	3	

<Author>AnnieHeider
<Content>Finalement, nous vous conseillè²Œns trçŒ«s fortement cet hä¹ˆtel.   showReview(15221476, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>emelyne
<Content>A la recherche d'un parasol !   showReview(15017826, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>chantalla
<Content>Fabuleux   showReview(14979244, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>bidule24
<Content>hotel qui porte bien son nom       saona  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>pnirren
<Content>excellent hotel   showReview(14885033, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DuQuebec123
<Content>Vraiment merveilleux !!!!   showReview(14879462, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>melaniedupre
<Content>Certains sont difficiles, voyage fabuleux   showReview(14696283, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	5	4	

<Author>Luisfe
<Content>Muy BUeno   showReview(14635935, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nini04
<Content>Voyage merveilleux!       le buffet du club , le meilleur!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>forsini2
<Content>Super Sejour !!!!       Piscine principale  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>kayen
<Content>trèŒ…s accueillant   showReview(14384617, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>cult
<Content>Vacance parfaite.       Spectacle incroyable  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	2	5	2	

<Author>nadyaParis
<Content>tres decevant   showReview(14159038, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	3	1	2	

<Author>priscilla_savard
<Content>Nous nous attendions a mieux!       Piscine au club  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	2	4	1	

<Author>JG_gosouth
<Content>Belles vacances   showReview(14070890, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>kirnea
<Content>excellent sèŒ…jour   showReview(14009558, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Linda-de-Repentigny
<Content>Un sèŒ…jour des plus agrèŒ…ables è„¿ trçŒ«s bon prix ...   showReview(13971365, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>eongoatxik
<Content>Paradiso quiero volver a estar alli!   showReview(13905678, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	3	3	5	3	

<Author>Amabellia
<Content>TrçŒ«s belle vacanses avec du bon et du moins bon...   showReview(13664902, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>devinci
<Content>TrçŒ«s bien pour une grande famille...   showReview(13501572, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Francisco2008
<Content>Grata sorpresa       Can Can  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	3	3	4	4	

<Author>calinours7
<Content>Vacances de ré”šve       La magnifique plage  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>peyto
<Content>Bruillant mais Chaleureux !       Vu de notre Balcon  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	4	1	

<Author>jujuSherbrooke
<Content>Bien mais èŒ…viter la section Select   showReview(13263902, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>opale21
<Content>GèŒ…nial       Moi et mon fils sur la plage  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	3	4	

<Author>Daniel_Ottawa
<Content>Nous recommandons le Grand Paradise Bavaro   showReview(12966239, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>evgaqc
<Content>Super voyage   showReview(12831912, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>job322
<Content>Un superbe hotel       Hotel gran paradise vue de chambre 4212 a environ 30 sec de la plage  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>LFMPED1970
<Content>Bonito Aå¸½o Nuevo   showReview(12725859, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	3	4	5	3	

<Author>metisam
<Content>A èŒ…viter !!!   showReview(12681410, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	2	2	1	1	2	

<Author>mamie89
<Content>bon choix qualitèŒ… prix   showReview(12621957, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	5	2	

<Author>sannddd77
<Content>Super!       jacuzzi, dernier jour !  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>claude58
<Content>plage magnifique, mais   showReview(12526658, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>SanMontreal
<Content>manque d'organisation   showReview(12464331, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>LaRomantique
<Content>Vraiment bien       On fesait faire pleins de conneries aux personnels.... trçŒ«s aimables !!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>maite08
<Content>Genial       David  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>StephanieQc
<Content>Quel voyage !       Pavillon oéœ‰ èŒ…tait notre chambre  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>quinaux
<Content>bel hotel mais bouffe ordinaire   showReview(11997774, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>voyageurQC-MTL
<Content>Le pire hotel de ma vie   showReview(11948846, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Unazaragozana
<Content>Es el paraiso!!!   showReview(11565392, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>GREGZEN-PARIS
<Content>Rapport qualitèŒ… prix trçŒ«s correct - hä¹ˆtel moyen pour la RD       Le plan du complexe (Immense, vous pouvez repèŒ…rer les bèŠ’timents par rapport è„¿ la plage)  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	4	1	

<Author>waldo16
<Content>excellentes vacances       La mer è„¿ Saona  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rvlachambre
<Content>rapport qualite prix correcte   showReview(11022016, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	2	3	

<Author>ExClient_de-Sunwing
<Content>Attention clients de Sunwing   showReview(11009192, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>1	3	3	1	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>yomismapamplona
<Content>Si quieres un hotel de 3 estrellas alè´¸jate en èŒ…l   showReview(10954442, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	2	2	

<Author>jomelta
<Content>Merveilleuse semaine de vacances!       PiçŒ«ce montèŒ…e au Buffet  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Tabemas
<Content>Pire 4*   showReview(10906065, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>2	4	2	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>STADE2REIMS
<Content>rien è„¿ redire   showReview(10622222, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>sirenita23
<Content>menudo desatre   showReview(10590503, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>celhb95
<Content>SèŒ…jour inoubliable   showReview(10546289, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>stanetdal
<Content>bon hotel       jardin de l'hotel  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>jul64
<Content>sèŒ…jour inoubliable   showReview(10043220, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cricri88
<Content>tres grande dèŒ…ception   showReview(10038732, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	2	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>TWisM
<Content>Le Grand Paradis   showReview(10024181, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cacharrito
<Content>Un hotel no de 5 estrellas lujo pero muy acojedor   showReview(10020052, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>b34
<Content>Voler pendant notre sèŒ…jour è„¿ l'hä¹ˆtel   showReview(8850655, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>1	2	4	4	3	1	1	1	

<Author>selenamadrid
<Content>Tubimos mucha suerte con la habitacion   showReview(8607473, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	-1	4	1	3	2	1	

<Author>naroaValladolid
<Content>Buena calidad/precio   showReview(8462947, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>kilou
<Content>hotel passable   showReview(8458818, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	2	1	3	

<Author>raulBilbo
<Content>grand paradise bavaro es un gran hotel       el mejor de todo el complejo  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Mayu21
<Content>Una republica bananera....   showReview(8434061, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	2	2	1	2	1	

<Author>chriskmi
<Content>un hotel trçŒ«s sympa pour les familles   showReview(8401429, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Gri87
<Content>Repito seguro - Muy buen servicio       Recinto muy bonito y cuidado.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lordaxl
<Content>Hä¹ˆtel sympa mais...   showReview(8247315, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>chirly
<Content>Las peores vacaciones de mi vida   showReview(8240940, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	

<Author>ozzy4364
<Content>Super hä¹ˆtel - Marc et Rachel de MontrèŒ…al   showReview(8111694, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Benontherun
<Content>Une plage incroyable ! Commentaires d'une famille de Repentigny, Qc       La plage  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>billou
<Content>Le paradis   showReview(8050226, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>elody75
<Content>Notre avis: jeune couple parti en fin juin 2007   showReview(7857897, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>seul ennui rencontre a l'hotel etait par rapport au pressing 4 jours pour nettoyer 1 chemise   showReview(11432028, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>inesasturias
<Content>las mejores vacaciones       la vista del buffet  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mariamur
<Content>Lo mejor..la playa   showReview(7554455, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	1	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>km23
<Content>super mais       esta playa es donde hicimos la excursion de bavaro splash.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>leonita
<Content>vi mi sueå¸½o echo realidad!!!   showReview(7330755, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tintxin
<Content>buen sabor de boca       el mejor  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dadoumontrèŒ…al
<Content>tout simplement parfait       vue du hall ( en haut )  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>WarmSnow
<Content>Pas un 4 èŒ…toiles   showReview(7225650, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>simocam
<Content>Hola ! Amigos Famille Simoneau St-NicèŒ…phore QuèŒ…bec       vue de notre chambre # 2308  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MontrealLyne
<Content>c'est bien mais...   showReview(7202058, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>steveMontrèŒ…al
<Content>site exceptionnel   showReview(7192998, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Carole2007
<Content>Un bon 3* et demi   showReview(6925837, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	2	4	3	

<Author>penny67
<Content>Splendidi Caraibi       la quiete dopo la tempesta  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>belmelka
<Content>quel sèŒ…jour!   showReview(6834238, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	3	4	

<Author>jess59
<Content>un ecxellent voyage et nous avons l habitude de voyager   showReview(6807755, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Jmichel83
<Content>TrçŒ«s bien!   showReview(6789940, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>deurn
<Content>trçŒ«s trçŒ«s bien   showReview(6719285, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>billy56
<Content>Pour les Francais ????   showReview(6693145, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>dydoo
<Content>beau voyage   showReview(6629026, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>francine_marc
<Content>Un 4 èŒ…toiles? Pas sur.....   showReview(6617619, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>simone81
<Content>Super hotels   showReview(6616242, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ubadour
<Content>Je ne conseil pas cet hotel   showReview(6615289, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>daob
<Content>Ne pas y aller   showReview(6611301, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MC3
<Content>AgrèŒ…able sèŒ…jour       Piscine Gran Paradise  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>calisto
<Content>Un 2-3 èŒ…toiles mais certainement pas plus!   showReview(6318140, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	4	4	3	

<Author>tetor
<Content>dèŒ…èŽ½u...1320 E/pers taxes comprises et beaucoup de problçŒ«mes       les touristes salissent tout  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon hä¹ˆtel, mais...   showReview(11377750, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>crenshaw
<Content>IdèŒ…al pour le farniente       sur la gauche de la plage  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	3	2	

<Author>adjoudjou&lexou
<Content>Sejour trçŒ«s agrèŒ…able...       Tables de tennis de table, terrain de badminton et de step.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No es un 5 estrellas pero estè°© bien   showReview(5458540, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Ribalda
<Content>Un Paraiso en amabilidad         
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>deturche
<Content>superbe semaine!       notre chambre  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

