<Author>lilcajunhoney
<Content>Will not go back My husband and I stayed at the Maison Dupuy this past weekend with some friends. I called the hotel and booked the room with the balcony over looking the courtyard and requested to have a smoking room. The lady I talked to on the phone was very nice and assured me that I would get that room I requested and that there is only one floor for smoking which is the second floor. When I got there to check in, they gave me another room which was on the 3rd floor and had a view of the french quarter and it smelled like mildew. When I got to our room, I was furious!!! I called down to quest services and told him that I was very dissatisfied with the room and that I had booked a room on the second floor because I smoked. He told me that because of the game they had this weekend, there were still alot of people staying in the hotel and he had no rooms available on the 2nd floor. I told him that I didn't care, I booked this room ahead of time and I wanted the room that I booked and this one he put us in was not satisfactory! The balcony was not covered so I couldn't stand outside and smoke because it was raining all day! He also told me that the lady I talked to on the phone would promise me the world but that didn't mean I would get it. He had a nasty attitude and I told him that if they didn't make this right, I was going to stay somewhere else. He then suddenly found a room on the 2nd floor available with the view I had requested when I booked the room. After changing rooms, we were finally satisfied. We have never had this problem at any other hotel we have stayed at. Also my friends had a room just like ours but they didn't have any heat in the room nor hot water. The water pressure was very low! They need to first of all learn how to speak to people with a good attitude and make sure that whatever you request, you get when you check in. I believe in good customer service and this place doesn't have it!! We won't ever stay there again. I would recommend embassy suites or double tree to anyone who is planning on staying the night in new orleans. We have stayed at both and they are great and have a really nice staff. Also my friends told guest services about their problem they had with their room, and they did absolutely nothing about it. I think they should have not charged them for the room!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sandyu73
<Content>Not so pleased and not so fancy! BEWARE! After waiting on hold for 15 mins we booked 2 rooms for my husband and I and my friend and her husband. First of all when we walked into our King Deluxe rooms w/ balconies the room was NO WHERE NEAR as lavish as the photos on the website portray.No table in the room very bland with white walls and old furniture. My friends room was suppost to be a smoking room and was not as she requested. They told her that it wasnt thier problem. Finally, after much arguing with the front desk she was moved to a smoking room as was originally promised. Our room had NO HEAT and the water pressure was no more than a trickle. The only positive thing was the lobby was beautiful as was the courtyard. There was NO buffet as stated because we were told not enough occupency. The heat would not be turned on until it reached 40 or below outside. This is for the birds. I would not suggest this hotel to anyone unless you got a GREAT deal like79 bucks or less a night. Lots of improvement is MUCH needed!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	2	2	

<Author>hedgehog831
<Content>great location, nice atmosphere The Maison Dupuy was just of the edge of the French Quarter to have a good night's sleep, but a comfortable walk to attractions (Bourbon Street, French Market, Jackson Square, Canal Street). The front desk staff was useless in the morning, but very helpful in the evening. There were plenty of restaurants in the area. I didn't eat at the hotel, but the drinks at the cafe bar were excellent. I will definately be staying here again next time I visit New Orleans.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>sondan
<Content>Awesome beyond words! This is an awesome spot in Nola! The staff is the best in the world...and we've traveled quite a bit. Their excellent customer service extends beyond the front desk, including special events planning (I stayed here for a wedding earlier in the year, which was also held at the hotel). Their entire staff from room/ guest services, to housekeeping/ room attendants, continuously delivered exemplary service and demonstrated we were the most important guest they had staying with them! We will always stay at the Maison Dupuy and suggest you do the same! They get the importance of excellence and it is demonstrated in all that they do! I'd also like to say a special Thank you to Dana Crabtree in their Reservation Dept. She was instrumental in ensuring my husbands R  R visit from his deployment in the Middle East was the most memorable time we've had in a loooong time! You're awesome, Dana! Thank you for taking the time to read my thoughts on this hidden treasure and have an awesome remainder of the week !  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>msmelis
<Content>A few quirks but we would definitely stay again On one of our tours the guide said that the number one problem these days is a shortage of employees and to be understanding if places are a little short staffed. Remembering that served us well throughout the City and in particular at the Maison Dupuy.The Basics: We had an amazing deal - $89/night for a king deluxe with balcony overlooking the courtyard. We stayed for five nights from Sunday to Friday. We would definitely stay here again but also have a few minor recommendations that would bring the hotel to that next level. Also, this is a great place if you like boutique hotels that aren't chains or lacking in character like we do. If you're looking for slick or predictable it may not be the place for you.The Bad: The bathroom amenities functioned; however, the drain, tub spout, and door handle seemed in need of minor repair. The bathroom itself could have been a bit cleaner with the help of a Mr. Clean Magic Eraser taken to the walls. Again, this is MINOR and the good far outweighed these issues.The Good: We loved the staff - the service was excellent and very friendly. They allowed us to check out late without penalty on our final day, which was definitely appreciated. We had a wonderful room overlooking the beautiful courtyard where we enjoyed breakfast on the balcony one morning and the hot tub several evenings. The location was terrific - within walking distance of everything in the Quarter but far enough from Bourbon to feel a bit quieter. The French Bistro, their on-site cafe, was decently priced with friendly service. We did not eat at Dominique's, the fine dining restaurant.As the hotel continues to make renovations and come back in full force a few suggestions: 1) Provide robes in room; 2) Add more art to the rooms; 3) carry the Times-Picayune rather than USA Today (as a boutique hotel rather than a chain it seemed a shame to carry USA Today over the local paper) and 4) especially in the king sized rooms, add a little bar area with a coffee maker, mini fridge, and microwave.Again though, a terrific place, friendly people, and we will very likely return again.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	2	5	5	5	

<Author>Lacajunseattle
<Content>Maison Dupuy a Class Act Maison Dupuy was an excellent experience for a seven-day visit recently. We were treated very graciously by a professional, courteous staff. The hotel reservation person helped us plan and fit within our budget, applying appropriate AAA discounts. All the prices were as advertised over the telephone.Parking was a piece of cake. We drove into the hotel lot so we were safely off the street. Our car was presented to us very quickly whenever we wanted to use it. If we left an item in the car it was retrieved by the attendant with no hassles.The front desk staff was very accommodating, including explaining charges, credit card holds for incidentals etc. The hotel is a couple of blocks off Bourbon, so there was solitude in the evening.The courtyard is very appealing with an exquisite fountain, pool and jacuzzi. Special events such as weddings are held there and during those times the courtyard might be unavailable (which is posted at the front desk. If you request a courtyard balcony, you can listen to the music if there is an event. The bands have to cut off the music at 10pm. We requested and were granted an upgrade to a larger room with balcony (exterior) that overlooked Toulouse Street.The hotel is clean, fresh smelling with marble for the bathroom sinks and floors giving an elegant touch. The beds/sheets were extremely comfortable. The initial room could have had a few more drawers for storage. We enjoyed the larger room as it helped let us spread out a little more.We ran out of kleenex one day and housekeeping promptly brought another box--refusing the tip that we offered. A small grocery is just a couple of blocks toward Bourbon Street. A free morning coffee service in the lobby serves a house blend that is one of the best i've ever tasted. The bar in the bistro had a friendly, helpful staff. Dominiques restaurant seemed elegant with friendly staff, although we didn't dine there. They had an interesting new menu that would appeal to many.From our courtyard room, we witnessed a wedding on Saturday night and soaked in the music from the reception. Maison Dupuy is well-situated and within a couple of minutes, you can experience the nightlife of bourbon street or walk the shops/museums of Royal Street. Jackson Square is close by as well. Snug Harbor on Frenchman Street has great jazz/blues and dinner...a short taxi ride away, or walk via Decatur Street during the day. The Orleans Collection is a museum/house tour that is free and gives you a sense of what it's like to live with a courtyard in the Quarter. Check out the tour times, which are offered several times a day. The ladies have to visit the fancy hat store on Royal.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Irish89
<Content>Very Charming; Great Place Our travel agent booked this hotel for us for a short business meeting. I was very pleased. Apparently this is an older historic hotel which went through a MAJOR remodel after Hurrican Katrina. (Someone said $50 million remodel). They did a top class job. Retained the older historic look and feel, but with a clean feel.As for location, it is about 2-3 blocks from Bourbon Street. Far enough away, that was quiet (in early December when we were there), but close enough to the fun stuff that everyone enjoyed it. Perfect location!The centerpiece of the facilities was a courtyard with a beautiful fountain and a pool (although it was way to cold to use the pool). The guest rooms were not large or modern, but were nicely laid out and were what one should expect for a historic hotel.Even though I was there for business, I brought my family, including three young children. We stayed in the parlor suite. It was perfect for our family. It had a room with a king size bed, and a separate parlor (a smaller room with a TV and a sofa, which pulled out as a bed). Once we had a crib brought in for my youngest, the parlor suite was perfect for us.The bathroom was nicely updated with lots of marble and granite and a nice bathtub and a massage showerhead. My only complaint about the room was the lack of personal coffee maker, which has become fairly standard in hotels these days. But that problem was quickly offset by the caraffes of free coffee in the lobby each morning.The staff was very accommodating and helpful. Since I was there for business, we utilized the meeting room and had great dealings with the group meeting staff. Paul Perez was very helpful and willing to do what it took to make our small group happy.I would like to go back someday with just my wife and enjoy the historic place with close proximity to the fun, without having to spend my time in business meetings.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gothiquemama
<Content>Maison Dupuy - Pamper yourself       Maison Dupuy  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>oxman88
<Content>Good Experience I did near exhaustive research to find the right place for my wife and I to stay on our Halloween trip to the French Quarter. And after weeks of this research, I was still uncertain so we held reservations at 4 places in the quarter, right down to the last date we could still cancel with no penalties...and at the last minute we pulled the trigger on Maison Dupuy. WHEW!!! Couldn't be happier.I have been to the Quarter twice before. I have family who was displaced from Chalmette in Katrina but still lives in the area. And an uncle who was a Quarter beat cop for 20yrs. On top of all of their advice, and my previous experiences, I must have read at least a dozen reviews of at least 25 hotels. After taking all of that in to consideration, then checking prices, availability, etc...it came down to Maison Dupuy, Chateau LeMoyne, Bourbon Orleans, and The French Market Inn.Lemoyne jacked their advertised price when I called so they were out. The French Market Inn was a bitt too far towards the river for our likes. And Bournon Orleans, altho with the best location, had horrrrrible internet reviews. So despite it's close proximity to the northern edges, and notoriously less safe areas of the Quarter, we chose Maison Dupuy.What we found was easy driving access. When coming in off Interstate 10, all you do is take the Vieaux Carre/Orleans Ave Exit and head Downtown following the signs to the Quarter and then there is a VERRRY clear sign that says FRENCH QUARTER VIA TOULOUSE. Well, just follow that and Maison Dupuy is a block down in to the Quarter on Toulouse.Parking in the Quarter has skyrocketed since Katrina. The Hotel wanted $28 a night so I drove around to find street parking and got a spot about 1/2block away. We checked in, and found what seems to be the case at every hotel out there in the Quarter==a snooty desk attendant. An effeminate black guy who treated me like I was the biggest [--] he'd ever seen. He assured me parking was as cheap there as anywhere. Knowing there used to be $10-20 garages, I took a ride around after we checked in. He was almost right. Cheapest places we found were like $24 a day. And since the $28 at the hotel kept the car right there for us, and it was valet parked==it was sadly, the best option. But plan on adding $30($28 plus at least a couple bucks for tip) a day to your stay at this hotel.The hotel lobby was decent. The elvator was excellent. In our couple days there, we only had to take the stairs a couple times(just b/c we like exercise and don't like to wait long)...but the elevator was almost always there within seconds of hitting the call button. The hallways had a slight funky smell, but if you can't stand some funky smells that run the gamut from pleasant to foul and all points in between, then the French Quarter is NOOOOT the place to go.Our room was very adequate. We knew going in that we didn't get a courtyard or street view, so we were OK with our view of the backs of buildings. The windows were painted shut, and appeared to have been so for 50yrs. But the AC worked fine(as did the heat, as we had wildly varying temps on our trip) so we were able to de-stale/refresh the room air pretty adequately. The stories of poor water pressure at this hotel, and in the FQ in general, are either flat wrong, or we just got lucky b/c we had fantastic water temps and pressure all weekend. Plenty of towels. The maid service was fantastic. Reallllly super friendly ladies. By the way, the valet guys were pretty friendly and heldful too. We had an ice machine 2 doors away. And the next floor up had another ice machine and a soda machine within a couple doors of the stairwell($2 per soda tho...but again, you're on vacation, so expect it). Our TV remote was broken and they sent someone from engineering up within 5mins. Nice guy who addressed me as Mr, had a hotel shirt on, and fixed the problem(just had to re-set the inputs in the rear of TV) within a couple mins and was gone. Excellent cable service, and in-room movies. We never got room service, so we can't speak to that.The hotel has two restaurants. Dominiques is quite fancy schmancy and has an excellent breakfast buffett. The courtyard is dynamite and was to host a wedding while we were there. there was about 10-12 balcony rooms, which we will be sure to get one next time. The pool was nice, but too cold to swim in at this time of year. But we spent an hour in the hot tub one morning over the decent free coffee, and free newspaper you get in the lobby....and the hot tub is excellent. really hot, plenty of room, etc.The location is freaking DYNOMITE! Quarter blocks aren't like regular city blocks. They are about 75-100ft tops. And the Maison Dupuy is literally a smidge over two Quarter blocks from the very heart of the party section of Bourbon. Close enough to make the Tropicle Isle in 2mins, but far enough away so that the hustle and bustle isn't too much at any time. Put it this way: despite it's being up by Toulouse and Burgundy, I still made Cafe DuMonde for Beignets one morning and BACK up to the room all in less than a half an hour. Left the room, elevator, walked down, waited in line, walked back, and up to room in about 25mins. So any location concerns should be thrown out the window.Overall, considering the location, price, amenities, etc....the experience was excellent!!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	5	-1	

<Author>barb0746
<Content>Lovely Boutique Hotel I booked the Maison Dupuy for two nights in August . I called the front desk before our trip and asked for a courtyard view. On arrival we were told by the somewhat arrogant manager that he could not grant our request. Once in our room we noticed we had a remote control with no batteries, low water pressure, and no ice or drink machine on our floor. On the positive side, the breakfast each day was wonderful although somewhat pricey.It was very convenient to everything and we felt safe walking around the area. The hot tub was the best! Really had hot water and could hold several people. Courtyard is beautiful and very peaceful setting. We would stay there again when we come back to NOLA.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	2	4	5	

<Author>NONGAMBLER
<Content>Loved the Maison Dupuy 6 Senior Citizens in New Orleans for the first time. We lovedthis hotel. Wonderful staff! Lovely hotel! Beautiful court yard!Perfect location. Would return to this one again!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>DCGovyGirl
<Content>A Comfortable Stay We planned a girls weekend in New Orleans and found a great hotel package through bookit.com The reviews from others were mixed, but we found that it suited our needs perfectly. The hotel was clean, the staff was very nice and attentive, and the location was good. We were only a 4 block walk to the center of the French Quarter. We found that we didn't need a car except for shopping on Magazine Street/Garden District (which we recommend skipping). We had a balcony room with a private balcony (recommended). There are a lot of weddings that the hotel hosts but that just gave us something to do between 6:30-7:30 PM. All the outdoor noise settles down by 10:30 PM. When there are weddings planned you have use of the courtyard and pool until 4 PM. A lot of guests watched the lovely outdoor ceremonies from their baclonies. We event got a bottle of wine on the last night to settle in for the show. We were very comfortable at the DuPuy. One thing to note is that their restaurant, Dominque's is EXCELLENT but a little pricy, as is their breakfast buffet. We would recommend it for first timers to NOLA.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>luv2wander2
<Content>We enjoyed our stay. We had a seven day stay and although it started out bumpy it quickly smoothed out. The hotel staff was helpful and pleasant. One notable exception was a very bad front desk staff man who clearly did not enjoy his job, nor did he understand the meaning of reservations. He was easily recognizable by the fact that he had a horrible nail biting habit. He did not understand that when one reserved and paid for a specific room one should get it. Fortunately, other staff was there to help. We had a wonderful balcony room and got to enjoy the wedding parades as they passed by. Breakfast buffets at Dominique's was great. We were always pleasantly fortified for our days adventures. While it is close to Rampart we had no problems and there was never too much noise. Like any city you have to be aware of your surroundings and everyone was helpful about where to go. We were walking distance tours and hot spots in the french quarter. While there was not much evidence of hurricane damage where we were on tours it was extremely evident and very sad. We were amazed at the positive attitude of the people that lived there and their love of their city. The food, the people, the culture, and the history of the city made this a truly memorable vacation and one I recommend to all. I would highly recommend the hotel to all.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>kevin1571
<Content>Too Good To Be True!! There is a reason so many incentives are listed for this hotel. 1) It is in a terrible location wayyyyy too close to Rampart St. 2) Very noisy..it is French Quarter, but this wasn't festive noise. 3) Do not let them valet park your car. The valet curbed my rims and scratched my door terribly. Now, management will not return my phone calls after the parking supervisor, Marvin, said that it happened there. 4) The staff is very rude. While explaining my car damage, the customer service representative accused me of being rude and hung up on me. Before she was able to hang up, I heard her call me a STUPID WHITE GUY. 5) Antonio Davis is the hotel manager. I have made many phone calls to him that have gone unreturned.Save yourself the hassle and stay at one of the good hotels in a better location with a higher caliber of staff. There is a reason that there are so many incentives listed for this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	3	1	1	

<Author>gbslaf
<Content>Loved This Hotel! My husband and I just got back from a week stay at the Maison Dupuy (8-20 thru 8-26). I have to say that we had a wonderful time. We checked in late on Wed. night and were given a mediocre room, seemed like the night staff did not really know what they were doing. But the next day we got up and were given another room with a wonderful view of the courtyard. Just a little info: they do not have mini bars or fridges in the room. They say they do but they do not. We were told that they were in the process of getting them in. And some rooms do not have an in room safe. Our first room did not but the second one did which I wanted to have. We also were given half off our whole stay on parking which is $28, put it down to $14 a day for us. And just so you know that is anywhere you go and if you park it there you know it is safe. The valet guys were all super nice, so was everyone else that worked there. The beds are to die for. I swear we did not get out of the bed till 11am every day. They were so comfy. They were always accomidating to as to when they cleaned our room. Our sheets were chnged every day and we got fresh towels with no problems. They have a lovely courtyard and pool. I read other reviews about it being taken up on weekends with weddings. Well we did not have any weddings while we were there. But we did not go there to hang at the pool anyway. We have one at home so that was the last thing on our plans. And it is in a perfect location! It is right down from Bourbon street and right next to the main road (rampart) which is right by the police station and the famous St. Louis Cemetary No. 1. We walked everywhere we went for the whole week. I am sure there are nicer hotels but for the price and location you just can not beat it. Our room was normally $489 a night before tax and we got ours for $86 through expedia. I did shop around and they had the best price.I have so many tips on things to see and do: I will write reviews on them in the correct places, but here are some of them.Restaurants:GW FinsJohnny Po BoysFranks ItalianCentral GroceryThe Market CafeThe Corner CafeChartres House CafePlaces to See:The CathedralJackson SquareMake sure you taste the creamy original pralines!St. Louis Cemetary No. 1, houses Marie Laveau's Tomb (we took many photos there and have actually came back home and found ghost images in them)St. Louis Cemetary No. 2, 3Ride the St. Charles TrolleyWe drove to the garden distrist by Tulane and went to the famous Lafeyette cemetary where Interview with a Vampire was filmed and all the Anne Rice books are writen after.We walked up and down all the side streets and went in and out of all the shops which was fun.Of course there is Bourbon street: not very kid friendly at all! One end of the street is mainly strip clubs but once you pass them then you are into your bars. If you like to drink you have to get a hand grenade from Tropical ISle but be careful they are strong but yummy.Also go on the Southern Comfort Walking Tour through Gray Line Tours. I heard it was great! You go to historic bars and they tell you about there special drinks and you get a chance to tatste them. I would definitely reccomend the Old Absinthe House! Ask them the history behind absinthe and get you one! They are $19 for one glass but it is the most interesting thing! Look up Absinthe and read about it before you go. It was definitely an experience.We ended up at Razoo most nights for the happy hour and the crowd watching. Plus most of the bars let you bring in your drink and they have no covers.Last thing we did was go to the Lower 9th Ward. Dont let anyone tell you it is not safe, that's just crazy. Of course dont go at night but if you go in the middle of the day it is fine. We drove our own car down there which is very close to the frech quarter. There were a ton of people about and lots of workers so no reason to feel threatened. We went to the exact spot where the levee broke during hurricane katrina and viewed many destryoed homes. It will put a new perspective on all that you have and all that we should be doing to help. It is just so sad that even after three years most all of the homes are still gone or abandoned.If you have any questions feel free to ask!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Goodrub
<Content>By FAR our favorite NO hotel!! We have stayed at the Maison DuPuy many times over the years and we are never disappointed. The Maison DuPuy is by far our favorite New Orleans hotel. It is 2 blocks from Bourbon Street in the Quarter, so it is close enough for all of the partying yet far enough away to be quiet. It is very clean and attractive, but above all, its staff is extremely helpful and friendly. During our recent stay, we found a couple of minor problems in our room. One of the bed-side lamps had a broken switch and would not turn on, and we were missing a TV remote control. I called the front desk and within 5 minutes an engineer was at our door with a new lamp and a remote. Being Innkeepers ourselves, we understand when there is a minor problem with a room. The key is how it is addressed by the staff when brought to their attention. We couldn't have been more pleased with their prompt response. For the price, this hotel can't be beat. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the Maison DuPuy to anyone traveling to New Orleans.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nittany1979
<Content>Perfect New Orleans Experience Our arrival at the Maison Dupuy was greeted by valet (Marvin is awesome!) and we were taken into the small yet gorgeous lobby. Our room was smaller than we thought and obviously old, but it was still a great stay on an extremely comfortable bed.Watch your balcony preference, because the balconys on the street are shared with 3 other rooms and can get loud. (We heard a fight happening one night) We never saw any of the other balcony sharing guests, so I guess we lucked out on keeping our chairs outside. Hotel is about a 3 minute walk to Bourbon Street, and retains such an old world charm, we loved it. HINT* Skip the hotel breakfast and go over to Petunia's before 9:00. The food is so New Orleans authentic, the french toast is out of this world, and the lines are crazy after 9:30 so go early. Only a 2 block walk from the hotel, ask Marvin or hotel staff for direction.Only bad review is that we left an item in our room and called every day for 2 weeks trying to recover it. Hotel did not call us, we had to keep calling them to check status. Never found our item, didn't act like they were even looking for it.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>2bTraveling
<Content>Great hotel with lots of charm My family and I stayed here over spring break. This hotel was lovely. The staff was nice and helpful. The furnishing are nice and tasteful. The beds were really comfortable. The location is great. You are in the French Quarter without being in the middle of the party. We would all stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Phangie
<Content>Good Value, Good Location We recently stayed at the Maison for a long weekend, and had no real big problems to report. The staff is friendly and helpful, there's a guard posted outside if you park your car there, and the pool is welcoming on a sweltering day. However, because of the budget friendly accomodations, our room window faced a brick wall. Eh...whaddya goonna do? It's 2 blocks from Burbon St, which is close enough to stumble home, but far enough to where you don't hear the excitement. :) I would stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Boychick
<Content>Wonderful, charming hotel -- absolutely first rate Fabulous hotel. We stayed here once before -- right before Katrina in August 2005. It was wonderful then, it is even better now. Terrific service. Great buffet breakfast in Dominique's -- a four star restaurant. The rooms are pretty, the pool is beautiful and well-maintained, and the location is close to Bourbon street, but far enough away to get a good restful night's sleep. Everything is within walking distance. This hotel has it all. It's perfect for young couples, and young families -- older folks and old families, just about anybody who wants to experience the French Quarter and all that New Orleans has to offer. The rates were right, too. If you've never been to New Orleans, this is the way to go!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NC-Happy-Camper
<Content>Value, Location,  My family and I spent a week at the Maison Dupuy at the end of June 2008, and I felt we received an exceptional value. With New Orleans still suffering from the havoc Katrina wreaked on the tourism industry, the hotels are all but giving rooms away. I almost felt guilty for staying at such a nice hotel at the paltry rate of $89/night. I would have easily paid two to three times that rate for the same room in another historical destination such as Savannah or Charleston! Not only did we receive a bargain rate, we were given half-off the $28/day parking fee, and the internet access was complimentary, although it is not indicated as such on the hotel鈥檚 website or on TripAdvisor.I had read some less-than-positive reviews before booking at the Maison Dupuy, and I can address all of the unflattering comments. One reviewer had made the comment that the pictures on the internet were misleading, and I can assure you, the rooms are EXACTLY as pictured on the hotel鈥檚 website. The bathrooms aren鈥檛 as glitzy as the one shown on the internet, but the one they feature is in the Honeymoon Suite, and they represent it as such. As a matter of fact, the bathrooms were quite nice, with marble tiles and granite countertops. Perhaps they were a bit small, but the Maison Dupuy touts itself as a boutique hotel, and make no mistake, boutique hotels usually have cramped rooms; however, in this case, these are the largest rooms I have ever encountered in a boutique hotel. Another comment I had read was that the d茅cor was a throwback from the 鈥?0s. I don鈥檛 know where this person had been in the 鈥?0s, but I think the rooms all look very tastefully done and up-to-date. The incredibly comfy beds all feature the fluffy white duvets and mounds of pillows, with the woven throw folded at the foot of the bed (never saw that in the 鈥?0s!) The furnishings were the typical antique reproduction hotel stock, but the upholstery and draperies were all very good quality and quite elegant in a conservative, traditional sense. Our room had an unbeatable view of the courtyard, which was lush and beautiful. The entire hotel had real brass accents, not the fakey polished brass junk that was popular in the 鈥?0s. I think they had a staff member who was solely dedicated to constantly polishing the brass!Someone had mentioned a musty odor which permeated the facility. I did not experience that at all, and if there is a questionable smell, I will be the first to detect it! Possibly there had been some water damage following Katrina, but if someone had noticed mustiness in the past, it is gone now.Another reviewer had complained about the weddings in the courtyard which interfered with their ability to utilize everything they felt they had paid for. Come on, now! The reason the courtyard is in such high demand for weddings is because it is so beautiful鈥e appreciative for having the good fortune to stay in a hotel with such a lovely courtyard, don鈥檛 complain about not getting to use it for an afternoon or two! We arrived on a Saturday, and it was the only day we were unable to use the courtyard/pool area. Anyway, it wasn鈥檛 closed all day, just from 5 pm until about 11 pm. My daughter loved feeling like an uninvited spectator at a wedding鈥t was all very breathtaking! I don鈥檛 think there is any real danger of experiencing severely compromised pool privileges as a result of constant weddings. Most brides who go through enough trouble to secure such a lovely location only get married on Saturdays, and only at night, when it isn鈥檛 a zillion degrees outside. I think, out of the whole week, it is not such an inconvenience having to sacrifice the pool for a few hours. We had a marvelous stay at the Maison Dupuy. From the bartender at the Bistro who remembered that my daughter preferred a pile of cherries on her ice cream sundaes to guest services to the wait staff in Dominiques to the valets to the housekeeping staff, we had phenomenal service. The only minor inconveniences we experienced was that the alarm clock in our room was broken, our clean towels were not delivered at all one day (we 鈥渂orrowed鈥?some from the pool), and on an occasion or two we were awakened by people loudly conversing in the hallways in the wee hours of the morning; however, I must admit it is not the hotel鈥檚 fault that some people are inconsiderate! We couldn鈥檛 hear a thing from the rooms around, above, or below us. We didn鈥檛 even hear noise from the wedding in the courtyard. The incidents mentioned above were such minor nuisances, that I feel silly for even mentioning them. Had I paid $489 per night, which was the rate posted on the back of the door to our room, I might have been very slightly annoyed. For $89 a night, I am thrilled that it was as impeccably clean, comfortable, and safe as we found it to be.  I will gladly tell you what everyone in New Orleans is begging for us to tell you鈥o, have a great time, and tell everyone you know to go, too. They are desperate for your tourism dollars. I just regret that I will probably never be able to afford to stay at the Maison Dupuy again once New Orleans gets back on its feet. Take my advice and go now while you can still take advantage of a great deal on a lovely hotel.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>skigolfJo
<Content>Always consistent This was our 4th stay at the Maison DuPuy and once again, we had a great time. We opted for a larger room with a balcony over Toulouse St. instead of the courtyard. Did we hear a little extra noise on Saturday night from revelers? Of course, but that was just one night. The rest of our 4 night stay was quiet and wonderful. If you want to be guaranteed a quiet room, take one of the smaller rooms facing the courtyard.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>extraheavy
<Content>They Saved Our Honeymoon My new wife and I were looking forward to our honeymoon in Belize but Tropical Storm Arthur had other plans. We found ourselves without a place to stay and chose New Orleans as our next stop. I am so glad we did.The folks at the Maison Dupuy saved our honeymoon. We arrived after a long flight very late in the evening. The staff had our room ready and even sent up a cheese plate, bottled water and a bottle of champagne to our room. It was so nice to finally feel like we had our special honeymoon!The hotel is located a few blocks from Bourbon Street and a short walk from Lower Decatur and has a beautiful pool.hot tub area off of the courtyard. We stayed here in 2006 and had just as great of a time as we did this time. I can't say enough nice things about the Dupuy. Try it for yourself.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>caspad
<Content>Loved the Maison DuPuy wonderful hotel, very helpful staffhad a charming room with a balcony overlooking the beautiful courtyardthe hotel had all the romance and ambiance we were hoping for in New Orleansour stay was simply wonderful - every restaurant we went to had top-notch service, fabulous foodwould recommend New Orleans and specifically the Maison DuPuy to anyone wanting a romantic getaway weekend  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>TravelinPowells
<Content>Just steps away from Bourbon! A beatiful hotel with very friendly and efficient staff. The MD is located just 2 blocks away from Bourbon Street, and that's just far away enough to enjoy a peacful nights sleep after a fun night on Bourbon. Valet service was very quick. Check-In took less than 5 minutes. Our room was very clean, and had a king size bed that was more comfortable than our bed at home! We had an amazing view of their beautiful courtyard (Pool, hot tub, fountain, patio w/ tables and chairs). Some rooms had balconies overlooking the courtyard, ours did not, but will next time! Great for a romantic getaway, honeymoon, wedding, girls night out! We went for our 12th anniversary. I'm planning on going back for our 13th!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cardtime
<Content>Great hotel, great city !! My wife and I spent 3 days at the Maison Depuy in New Orleans, LA. We stayed in one of the cheaper rooms, but it was still very nice. I am not sure I have ever been in a room as quiet as this one. Considering the lively surroundings I am amazed we heard practically nothing when the door was closed. Although the price was very affordable (approx. $100 on weeknights,) the hotel felt luxurious and the decor was impressive. The fountain and courtyard are a great place to smoke the evening's final cigar and reflect on the day's frivolity. We enjoyed our stay and will gladly stay there again on our next visit to NOLA.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>dawn329
<Content>Absolutely LOVED IT! I fell in love with this hotel the minute we walked into the lobby. I decided to surprise my husband and take him on a trip for Father's Day. We just got back last night and I have nothing but good things to say about this hotel. The staff was WONDERFUL. They gave us great recommendations on where to eat and things to do. We had a king balcony room that overlooked the courtyard and the pool. I was out on the balcony every morning because it was so relaxing listening to the fountain. There were no weddings going on during our stay but even if there were it would not change my review. We did not come to New Orleans to hang out at the hotel pool so that would not have been a factor for us. It is 3 blocks (short blocks) from Bourbon street so you don't get any of the noise that you would get if you stayed at a hotel on Bourbon. We are going back to New Orleans in July of 2009 and we will definately be staying here again. The only drawback was the 28.00 a night parking but all of the hotels charge about that since street parking in nonexistent (overnight parking on the street is for residents only) and offiste parking is more expensive than the hotel parking so if you rent a car you just have to suck it up and deal with expensive parking fees no matter where you stay.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Booksrus
<Content>Beautiful hotel This hotel is at the edge of the French Quarter, but well within walking distance of everything. Our room had a private balcony that looked out over the courtyard. The room and bathroom was very clean and very comfortable and we loved the balcony. The pool is clean, beautifully landscaped and there is a great hot tub. The staff was nice--we had very little need for any staff services although friends that we travelled with requested a coffee maker and never got it. Complimentary coffee is available in the lobby beginning at 6:30 A.M., but our friends are very early risers, so available coffee is always a plus to them. My only criticism would be the closing of the pool area during weddings. We were there during the week and we left on Friday. A sign was posted in the lobby stating that the pool and spa would be closed beginning at 4:30 that afternoon until the next day. Had that sign been up when we checked in at 10:30 at night after being involved in a train wreck that day, I would not have taken very kindly to it. The pool and courtyard are divided by land-scaping and I would think it would be fairly easy to keep wedding events separated from regular guests. Also, you may request a courtyard room, but that does not mean that you will get one. We were very lucky. Restaurants we would recommend are Brennan's (of course!), Deanie's for fresh seafood at reasonable prices, Petunia's for breakfast, and Maison Bourbon for authentic New Orleans jazz. The French Quarter was basically untouched by Hurricane Katrina and I wondered if enough people were back to provide the kind of service we had on previous visits. The hotel had plenty of people on staff and all the restaurants gave the customary wonderful service. I would definitely stay at Maison Dupuy again. It is a great place.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>hberman1975
<Content>Southern charmer We had our wedding at the Maison Dupuy on May 30. The pictures don't do it justice. It's a wonderful little hotel with great, attentive staff, especially Frank the concierge. I know alot of people complain about the fact that the courtyard is always being occupied with weddings. But that's hardly a reason to give the hotel a bad review. They host so many weddings because it's a great wedding venue. Our guests had a great time, and we're looking forward to spending our one year anniversary in the quarter.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Slow_Pony
<Content>Good decison to Stay at The Maison Dupuy Stayed at the Maison Dupuy on a Friday and Saturday night. All the amenities of a large hotel but still had a French Quarter feel as opposed to staying at a high-rise on Canal Street. No trouble with the check in. Room was large for the Quarter and was ready for us when we arrived at 2 PM. Had a king room overlooking Toulouse St. Courtyard view would be better but we were only paying $120 per night. Air conditioning worked great which is always important in NO in the summertime. Just a couple of blocks from Bourbon St so it was an easy walk yet far enough away you don't get the noise. It can be a long walk to Jackson Square area. Housekeeping was efficient. Hotel was very clean. Found the staff to be helpful and engaging. As others have noted, I think there were 3 weddings there over the 2 days we were there. They did take over the court yard but we were off looking for dive bars (try Fahy's across the street), so it was not a bother to us. Courtyard was nice for Sunday morning coffee, though. Elevators seemed a bit slow. Only item not exceptional was they did not slide my bill under the door so I had to go down to the front desk to checkout. I'm a discriminating traveller and I would have no problems whatso ever either recommending it or going back myself.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>anavangilst
<Content>Great time We had no reservation but I had seen this place on Hotels.com before.The service is great, rooms are nice and comfortable. The first room we got had a really noisy A/C compressor. My husband called the reception and in about 5 minutes there was someone at our door with keys to a new room. He even helped us move our bags. Parking is pricey but is the rate for the area. And you do need parking option is you drive to New Orleans. The only thing I would not recommend is the breakfast buffet. Way to expensive. At the end, we had a great stay. I would recommend it and go back again.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mhahn
<Content>Enjoyed, but Stayed 4 nights from May 16-20th. Check in went well, room was ready. We had a balcony room #317, had requested a courtyard though. Room was non smoking, very clean, but very small and laid out strangely. Our room overlooked Burgundy Street, not much to look at but we enjoyed the balcony, got lots of sun. First night (Friday) slept great, second night Saturday the noise from people yelling all about kept us awake off and on all night. There were at least 4 weddings held there between Friday and Saturday, this is my major complaint, the courtyard area is taken up with the wedding parties, not available for other guests. By 10:00pm the courtyard was available and we did enjoy taking a drink out there. Only had drinks in the bar twice, good service. Ate breakfast on the day we departed in the restaurant, could order from the menu, but choose the buffet because service was pretty slow. Front desk personnel were great in helping my daugher with incoming and outgoing faxes. Check out was fine, no problems. Housekeeping came very late on Saturday, but on Sunday were knocking on the door (even wtih the do not distrub sign out) at 8:30am. We felt the location was perfect for us, and even though our room was small, it was clean and doable. One of our best dinners was at the Bombay Club (at the Prince Conti Hotel) quiet, romantic with a great piano player. This was after 2 nights of dining with our large group. The swamp tour (Cajun Pride) was fun and entertaining, we also enjoyed the carriage ride through the french Quarter and the Charles Street Trolley. A great time, we are looking to returning next year! A couple side notes, we did try calling room service Tuesday morning, no answer, my daughter (in another room) requested an ironing board (iron was provided) several times with no result.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>bannekk
<Content>NOT a Good Experience!! We were very much looking forward to our romantic getaway but, unfortunately, a series of unfortunate experiences caused by your hotel, caused this weekend to be ruined.First, upon check-in we learned that the hotel pool/courtyard was going to be closed from 4:30PM on Saturday until Sunday morning because of a private event. While I appreciate the need for a wedding to be perfect, I was very upset to learn that the courtyard and pool (the reason we chose to stay at Maison Dupuy) would be closed for all that time. We had intended to spend Saturday evening lounging in your courtyard and enjoying it鈥檚 beauty. Because of your hotel鈥檚 decision to book a special event that closed the courtyard, this was not an option. When making our reservation, and again when confirming our stay, we were never notified that the courtyard would be closed.Once we checked in, we arrived at our room and I decided to go into the bathroom to take a shower to freshen up for the evening. As soon as I stepped in the bathroom, I stepped on a piece of glass that was on the floor and cut my foot. When I looked down I could see what looked like an entire wine glass that had been broken in the bathroom and not cleaned up by your housekeeping staff. While the cut was not serious, it did cause a lot of pain and prevented me from walking around and enjoying the French Quarter. In fact, we were not able to visit the Rodrigue exhibit at NOMA because I could not walk long distances. I immediately called housekeeping and my husband and I waited 45 minutes for them to arrive before finally leaving for dinner. Thankfully, the glass shards were cleaned up when we returned.When we left for the night, we went to turn off the bedside light and found that the on/off switch had been broken off and the only way to turn it on and off was by unplugging it. During our stay, I called the front desk three times requesting that it be fixed and it never was. Maintenance NEVER came to fix the broken lamp. By Saturday night, the cut on my foot was really hurting so we decided to stay in the room and watch television and relax for the evening. At about 6:00PM the special event鈥檚 reception started in the courtyard. The music was so loud in our room (room 418) that we could not even hear the television. We called downstairs and were told that it was a wedding reception and there was nothing they could do. This reception didn鈥檛 end until well after 10:30PM.On Sunday, we decided to leave as early as possible because we were exhausted by the horrible stay. We gave the parking our attendant our ticket and waited, and waited, and waited for our car. We asked a different parking attendant to find out what was taking so long because at least 5 other guests came after us and go their cars while we were waiting. Finally, after 45 minutes, our car arrived. The parking attendant told us that a church van was blocking us in. We were not offered any refund on our already expensive 48+ hours of parking that we paid for.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>melluvsyoga
<Content>Perfect location, great food       Pool  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>2OzTravellers
<Content>Didn't enjoy the southern hostility       Leaving a can of air freshener in the room does not make it non-smoking  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Mytravelreview68
<Content>Not at all what is used to be This once was a nice hotel which has gone for the cheapercrowd, tatoo people, Mom Dad 3 kids in a room type deal + events. Way too small to handle both conferences and wedding events on the same day along with family outings.This used to be an exclusive New Orleans boutique hotelbut is now geared to lower end small company business conferences, cheap family getaway lets get drunk on Bourbon St crowd, and weddings anyday of the week which means: bottom line the facilities are not available 24/7 they are often closed such as the pool and courtyard. What was once a $400 night hotel for the business, elite traveler is now a $49-79night cheap 4 star; check any Experien or Yahoo or Priceline, this is the cheapest of all the original Dupuy owners would be very disappointed. Very crowded, very low class. We had business guests with written reservations well in advance, two were bumped out of the hotel; we were treated rudely, pulled our corporate account.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>SuePChicago
<Content>Another Great Stay! This was our second stay at the Maison DuPuy and it was even better the second time around. Check-in was prompt, the rooms were clean, air conditioning working, managment visible throughout the stay and the pool area was clean and even had a cart filled with beach towels. Was tempted to stay in the Garden District because we love it so much but the Maison DuPuy really did a great job changing our minds. We will be back!  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>jbragg476
<Content>Excellent Stay @ Maison Dupuy I have nothing bad to say about the hotel nor the people who work there. Rooms were updated and clean, staff was friendly and did what they could to accomidate my needs (which were very little since the hotel was excellent enough). 2 blocks from Bourbon Street, yet far enough away that you didn't have a problem getting to sleep because of the noise of staying someplace else on Bourbon Street.Had a King Deluxe room with a courtyard view. Very Nice. Would suggest trying for a Balcony room overlooking the courtyard for the full experience. (although it's really just an extra and not necessary)Be advised that parking is an extra $30ish a night.... but that is with all the hotels in the area. If arriving via NOIA, the cab ride from the airport to the hotel is $28 for 2 people, and extra $12pp after that. You really DO NOT need a car while staying in the Quarter or anyplace Downtown. You can get a day pass for the streetcars or buses... or pay $1.25 (0.25 for transfer) If renting a car for the day I would suggest using a place like Enterprise who will pick you up and drop you off before and after your rental.Pool area and courtyard was very nice. Did not eat @ Dominique's, but did eat @ the French Quarter Bistro. Very good food. I would stay here again, if not all the time I visit.For extra class and just to be pampered, request nightly turn down service. Very nice.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jerry68bis
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed there for 2 nights on business. The hotel is conveniently located and quiet, although it is two blocks off Bourbon St.The room was confortable and very clean. There is no desk though, and it is a bit small (specially the bathroom).Restaurant (for breakfast) is good and cheap. Considered the price (~$110 per night) it is an excellent bargain.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WaterLogged1214
<Content>Beautiful Wedding but Expecting Better Night Stay I am born and raised in New Orleans and had always wanted to stay in those gorgeous old boutique hotels in the Quarter. My friend threw a wedding together in only 4 months and chose the Maison Dupuy as the setting. Wedding: good food, great night candle lighting, beautiful fountain, inadequate seating for 60 guests (request tables both indoor and outdoor to solve that problem) The coordinator was brand new to the job and seemed overwhelmed at times but she did deliver a very beautiful wedding. Nothing went awry during the reception or the ceremony.1 Night Stay: comfy bed with feather duvet, beautiful balcony with view of courtyard, spacious room, friendly staff, minibar missing, the luxurious marble bath missing, malfunctioning a/c, breakfast overpriced, parking was standard Quarter ratesI would stay here again, but I wouldn't pay full price the next time around. I wrote a full review earlier but somehow deleted it accidentally. I'm willing to expand on my experience if anyone needs any more details.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>larach
<Content>It's an ill wind...... after the Katrina devastation some good! A total renovation makes Maison Dupuy a delight. The balcony street room in Spring was full of the warm air and street noises of this charming old quarter area. If you do not want to hear police cars and garbage trucks stay inside. New bathrooms and decor. Great value for our webrate $103....scary at the posted room rate of over $400!!! But truly charming with its inner courtyard and attentive staff. Be aware that asking for a courtyard balcony does NOT mean you get one but in fact the street balcony in some ways offered more privacy and a very Parisian rooftop view. Good location on the outer edge of the Quarter, the usual expensive valet parking. Neat feature for clean-niks is the pull out clothes line above the bath. Nice free computer access. Iron and board but no coffee maker. Rooms adequate size but not too good for business use perhaps. But hey...who does business in Nawleans anyway?  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	2	

<Author>Arkansas_Boy
<Content>Kinda Ok... Too expensive for the money you spend though ;-( Nice hotel in the middle of French quarter. But way too expensive. Boy even the breakfast prices are way too expensive. Staff was not that friendly....But they have nice rooms that overlook the courtyard.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	2	1	2	3	

<Author>knightness
<Content>sad ;( The good news: The staff COULD NOT have been nicer or more helpul!The bad news: Housekeeping was a total miss. Our tub had a nasty black, moldy ring around the caulking. The toilet bowl was 'completely' lined in reddish mold. Our bed linen was never changed in 5 days! The first 3 days we left a tip, then gave up.While we loved the staff, sadly we will not stay there again That might be sad for them also, because while we just got back last Monday, we are already planning our next trip for April.Hope this helps....Patti and Gail from Miami, Florida  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	1	5	5	-1	

<Author>ConniethegreatWall
<Content>Stayed for Mardi Gras My husband and I were in New Orleans February 1-8, 2008 for Mardi Gras, which coincidently was my husband's 50th birthday. I wanted a nice hotel in the French Quarter, and was aware that that I would be paying top dollar during Mardi Gras. We paid $289 US a night for a King with a balcony overlooking the inner courtyard. The hotel is absolutely beautiful, and our room was very nice. However, that is where the positives end. We tipped housekeeping $4-$5 everyday. All we received was clean towels. I had put a paper coffee cup down on the bedsheet and left a small ring that remained there for 7 days. Obviously our linens were not changed. Our minibar did not work. I had done a lot of shopping and little bits of paper from my unwrappings remained on the floor for 7 days. I deep conditioned my hair, and rinsed it out in the sink. In the process I had splashed the mirror and tried to wipe it up with a face cloth but made a mess instead. You guessed it, the mirror stayed that way for our entire stay! A tour failed to pick us up, so I asked the front desk supervisor to call them for me, and it took her 20 minutes to find the number. She told us to go up to our room and she would contact them and then call us. A half hour passed so I went down to the front desk and got the number myself. I called from my room and it was a disconnected number. So I went back down to the front desk and said that I had been given a wrong number. I was given another number and it too was disconnected. The front desk made no offer to refund my phone charges of .75 each, even though they had given me two wrong numbers. We ate a number of times in the bistro, and service was either hit or miss, more of a miss. I had to ask that my coffee be filled up 3 times in one evening. I think that the housekeeping daily tip warranted more than my bed being made and towels being left. I know that Mardi Gras can be crazy, but when I experienced the lack of service from the front desk and the bistro there was only a couple of other guests around. I did not let the hotel ruin my Mardi Grad experience which was amazing. It simply is not worth the price that you pay!!!!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	5	2	4	1	-1	

<Author>James1795
<Content>Really Bad Hotel Well when we first got there we were met up with just about everyone being rude to us. My sister was having a wedding there so I thought that since they are spending that kind of money in your hotel then you would be nice wrong. The car parking staff, and that is what I am going to call them were rude has hell, they acted like when you had to get somehting out of your car, that it was too much for them for you to walk down and get it. The rooms were nasty as hell and weren't worth the money that we paid for them. On the last day there, my sister wedding they decided to park the cars down the road in the not so nice area where my father car had gotten broken into along with this other car without telling us about it. Just goes to show you pay all this money for them to park your car and keep it safe and they decide to park it somewhere else down so that it get broken into. I think that it was a inside job, and dont expect the local police department to give a crap about your car or the people that did it, I dont know why they have a police department there in the first place. All in all if you do decide to go to this so called hotel, then be warry that they might park your car down the road, and not pay up if your car gets broken into. I would never stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Ohio_Jeff
<Content>We liked it--a lot!!       Sunday Champaign Brunch  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>GoBuxChick
<Content>I've stayed at nicer $50 motels We stayed there for the national championship game - payed a serious premium and got a fairly lousy hotel. Main DuPuy really was a quite pretty, the beds were comfortable, and the bathroom was mostly clean, but that was it. The mini-fridge was missing and the safe was not working, and I was told by Sylvia at the front desk that the mini-fridge was out-of-order with no explanation or apology, and Dean came up to look at the safe but had no new batteries (his comment: I tell them I need these things but they never buy them), and he never returned.  There was a film of dust on the closet door, a non-working lightbulb in the bathroom, an assortment of trash on top of the armoire, and the blow-dryer was the worst I've used in any hotel. After calling about the mini-fridge and safe and getting no resolution I made no effort to complain about the other issues. It also took 20 minutes to have our car brought up when we left, and we watched the gentleman we gave our ticket to chat and wander around for ten minutes before he went to go get our car. We refused cleaning service while we were there, due to the non-working safe, and I'm thankful we did because on 1/7 we heard a gentleman on our floor hollering about items being stolen from his room.  I tend not to be a needy traveller, but for any hotel, and especially one at this price, I expect a certain level of cleanliness and attention to detail that were obviously lacking in this hotel room. Frankly, I've stayed at nicer $70 highway motels, and if there was another hotel available in the French Quarter I probably would've left after checking out our room.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	4	1	3	3	3	

<Author>Late-Arrival
<Content>New Orleans in December A decent hotel. Although for the price you get a nice room, and that is it. Parking will cost you a minimum of $24/day. If you want the restaurant's breakfast buffet it will cost you $15/plate. Dinner prices are also steep. But it should be noted that this hotel is in the French Quarter in New Orleans, which is not generally known for affordable accommodations. Our request for a quiet room placed us in one directly across from the elevator. I do not know if that was the only one available - but I tend to doubt it. More like it was the motel letting us know where we stood with them. Ours was one of approximately 40 rooms reserved for out of town guests there to attend a wedding. With most, if not all, rooms being rented for a minimum of three nights. We used out ear plugs and were able to ignore most of the night time noise.  During the winter months I would suggest that you forget the heated year-around swimming pool. Which proved too cold for my wife to do laps, although I managed about 30 minutes before the water temp (high 60s - low 70s f) caught up with me.  The location is very nice for the wedding /reception, but the site's wedding planner was only marginally competent. At least in this circumstance. Some of the more interesting snafus included:-- the wrong wedding cake (switched somehow with one for a wedding the following day),-- cameras on the tables noting the names of another couple (also for another wedding), and less than one-third of the cameras which were purchased,-- horse and carriage, paid for but did not appear,-- bride's flowers failed to make it,-- microphone on the podium not turned on - making it pretty much impossible to hear the service,-- a band, scheduled to start playing at 11:00pm, failed to show. And through all of this the bride and groom were running around tending to logistics -- which should have been the responsibility of the planner. (This is just a heads-up in case you're looking to use this location for a wedding and/or reception.)  The bride's family also paid for something called a 'Cajun Gift Basket' which was to be placed in the rooms of each of the out of town guests. And which none of us received.  Our motel experience was not by any means unacceptable, although I now wish we had stayed at one of the chain hotels - located several blocks away - at half the room rate we paid.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>deehipcat
<Content>So pretty to look at...and so ugly to stay there To begin, I was advised upon my arrival that the rate that I had been quoted had been increased. I decided to let the matter go because I was staying at the hotel for a friend鈥檚 wedding and did not want to voice my displeasure and risk tainting their happy occasion. I was then advised that my 鈥渆arly check-in鈥?request could not be accommodated. While I realize that this would simply have been a courtesy, I did not care for having to wait a full three hours, half of which was while I was seated in the lobby listening to the front-desk clerk being ignored by the cleaning person she was attempting to contact.The luggage that I requested be stored while I was awaiting my room was left unaccompanied in the lobby and I had to ask, twice, that it be secured before I left the premises. Once I was finally assigned a room, I then waited another full hour before calling to ask the status of my luggage delivery. Sadly, when it finally arrived, it was someone else鈥檚 luggage and, rather than continue to wait, I went to the lobby to retrieve it myself.As for the plumbing, the shower is the worst that I have ever experienced and the toilet either didn鈥檛 flush at all or flushed constantly. To their credit, Engineering did arrive promptly to repair it. However, it took them more than one visit to do it correctly.The refrigerator did not work at all, which was an issue for me because I travel with medication that must be kept cold. On one day of our five-day stay, the room was not cleaned at all even though it was vacant for eight hours. However, with all of the other problems I encountered, I considered myself fortunate that I received 80% satisfaction in this area.I鈥檝e now saved the best for last. I attended a wedding that was stopped 鈥?rudely 鈥?both by hotel employees and a member of the New Orleans Police Department. There was absolutely no need for them to bring in big guns. A simple it's 11:00 p.m. would have sufficed - even though my friend paid extra for the courtesy of having an after party which did not happen. I can only say that the persons that were charged with handling this debacle (while the Night Manager was hiding) must have forgotten that they work in a service industry in a city that is filled with other hotels and is allegedly seeking the support of travelers to aid their economy. I鈥檒l let it suffice it to say that the hotel's restaurant, Dominique鈥檚, was empty on Sunday morning 鈥?in spite of the fact that they were at capacity on Saturday night and, more importantly, that many, many people who attended the wedding now have a very negative impression of the establishment and the personnel they hire. I contacted the Hotel Manager and asked to discuss this, but - to date - he has ignored me. No surprise!All in all, this hotel is a hit or miss. When it's a hit, it's average and when it's a miss, it's miserable. There are too many other hotels in the French Quarter to waste your time on this one. She's pretty, but there are a lot of other pretty hotels in the area.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>1	3	3	4	2	2	2	3	

<Author>astravelor55
<Content>Great Hotel for the Price! We got a great deal for a long weekend getaway and stayed at the Maison Dupuy. Our flight arrived at like 8:30am and we were exhausted. I called the day before to see if we could check in early and they said they would make a note on the file. when we arrived they gave us our keys and off to the room we went at 9am! Our room was small but if your in New Orleans theres much more to do than stay in your hotel room. The bed however was extremely comfortable and we didn't want to get out of it. Room service was average but there are plenty of places near the hotel to eat that are great. I forgot a necklace that meant a lot to me in the hotel and I realized it when we were at the airport about to leave. I called the hotel and they found it and overnighted it to me. Great Service!!! Everything was within walking distance or a few dollar cab ride. Great hotel, definitely will go back.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fand
<Content>Ok, but not what I expected I stayed here in October when I went to New Orleans for my law school reunion. I spent quite some time online searching for the perfect french quarter experience as it was my first time back since graduating from law school in 2002 and I was taking my boyfriend with me for a long weekend.The room was quite disappointing. It was shabby, really. There was not enough drawer space to put our stuff. I was laughing like crazy when my boyfriend tried to pull the not-working (or even plugged in??) mini-fridge out of the cupboard to try to give us some extra room to put our clothes away. The room was in bad need of paint. The balcony was nice, but tiny (this is the case in most New Orleans hotels though). The bed was about average, or maybe a little below average.We didn't try the restaurant, so I can't comment on that.The courtyard is absolutely beautiful, and quite big by New Orleans standards. But what you need to know is this -- it is The courtyard for New Orleans weddings, and it is booked up like crazy for them. The whole weekend we were there the court yard is in use for weddings. This means two things: (1) You won't be able to use the courtyard; and (2) major noise. If you don't want to hear blaring music do not get a room on the courtyard -- get a room on the street. Trust me on this! The lobby is quite beautiful. The staff was very helpful and nice. Given how shabby the room was, though, and the noise from weddings, and how I paid way too much for a shabby room, I would not stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>waya5
<Content>New Orleans Charm First time visit for my mother and twenty-one years to the day we came to the same Hotel, we brought my mother and family to this lovely place. Warm and friendly staff and beautiful hotel, with a delightful courtyard. Great restaurants onsite, warm atmosphere and easy walking distance, at most ten or fifteen minutes to everything in the French Quarter. My mother had a blast. Decor is great and it south of Rampart Street and easy to get to Bourbon Street, Cafe Du Monde, Jax Brewery and St. Louis Cathedral. A wonderful place to spend last Christmas. Treat yourself and enjoy Christmas in the French Quarter!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>honaker6
<Content>Not for business travel Juast spent 5 days, 4 nights at the Maison Dupuy in New Orleans on business. The hotel was booked by my corporate travel office. This was my first trip to the big easy, so I didn't think much about it.Overall, it was a nice place. The staff was friendly for the most part. Like most any hotels, it had some good points as well as not so good.The good:*Great bed, very comfortable with a nice comforter*Very good shower. I like water pressure when I take a shower and hate those dribblers*A/C worked wellThe Not quite so good:*The TV didn't work the first night. However once I called the front desk, the maintence guy was there quickly. He was very friendly, apologetic and fixed the problem quickly.*Even though the hotel has a very nice resturant, Dominiques, and also a smaller bar/bistro, they didn't have room service menus in the room. You had to call the resturant to find out what they had and if they would deliver it.*The room was pretty small and had no desk, writing table. Trying to type reports, answer e-mails, and sort expense reports was no fun lying on the bed.*The In-Room safe didn't work and had no directions for it. It was actually mounted inside one of the three small dresser drawers instead of the closet, thus taking up badly needed storage space.The Really Not Good:*No laundry service on the weekends*Once I got my laundry done on Monday, they lost it and I didn't get it back until late the next morning.*Housekeeping wasn't spectacular -- found hair in the bathroom several times. (Way too long to be mine) Didn't replace the supplied toiletries twice after they were used.Overall, would I stay there again? Possibly on a personal trip, but wouldn't be anywhere near top choice. It's ok if you are going to Bourbon Street, a Saints game, or to visit the casino's, but it is NOT a business traveler hotel.One other thing, even though you are 3 blocks from Bourbon Street, you are also 2 blocks from the projects. Make darn sure you know which way you are heading if walking out at night.Till next time. Safe travels and many free upgrades :)Tim  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	4	2	1	

<Author>hotbeef801
<Content>Maison DuPuy is fine.. We stayed at the Maison Dupuy over the Halloween weekend and had a perfectly wonderful stay. The room was not to small and the bathroom was clean and not to small either.The front desk staff was very nice and even helped with talking to a cc rep when the card was going through..(not there fault and they helped resolve the issue which was nice)Unfortunately was not there long enough to try Dauphens(SP) which we heard was wonderful. One complaint would be we cound never enjoy the courtyard at night as there was a function every night but it was beautiful during the day.Very close to Bourbon street in my opinion very safe also as we walked back at all hours of the night. I also have to say that I recvd a wonderful rate during the week and the weekend rate was still good considering that a saturday night stay is always higher. I will return.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>kneedham
<Content>Great Maison Dupuy I stayed at the Maison DuPuy from 9/15 to 9/22. I have never been to New Orleans before and I wanted to try something new for myvacation. I stayed at the Maison DuPuy because I got an unreal deal from expedia. I very much enjoyed my stay at the Maison. My room was regular size, though the beds were huge. My washroom was regular size, not small. My room and the courtyard of the hotel were in fine shape. Not dirty or anything bad. The Maison is in an excellent location. It is a short block and a half north of Borbon street. I got such a great deal that I was able to hit all the attractions such as the Aquarium and the WW2 Museum and others during the day and still had plenty of money left to hit the blues and jazz clubs on Bourbon along with all the killer restaurants at night! I did the Katrina devastation tour through Isabelles one afternoon. That was a very sad and revealing experience. I believe that I will return to New Orleans in the future and I will most certainly look to stay again at the Maison DuPuy. I had a great stay and I totally appreciate the value and location of the Maison DuPuy.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>eha
<Content>Absolutely loved it! I don't know what problems past posts for this hotel had, but our stay at the Maison was the best. Everyone we encountered from the front desk (Brad, Rodney and Frank) to the Housekeeping staff and the staff in the Bistro were nothing but friendly, courteous and knowledgeable. Thank you to Frank for the suggestion of dinner at Olivier's- great food and friendly service as well. The decor of the hotel was delightful and clean- great location in the French Quarter. I would certainly recommend this hotel and above all recommend to anyone to take a trip to New Orleans, especially in August- it is coming back better then ever!!!!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RICKDallas
<Content>Not so great Stayed at the Miason Dupuy in September 2007 for a birthday celebration. We receieved a very reasonable rate due to the off season and a sale offered on Bookit.com. If we had not had such a discounted rate we would have been rather upset. The room was so small it was literally a shoe box. Not sure if all the rooms are so small or if we just got the worst one. The bathroom was basically a closet with a sink in the corner. Bathtub shower did not drain , gross! Room was dingy and dated. Balcony was nothing to brag about. Just a table and chairs overlooking a residential type street. Ask for a pool view room to make the balcony more functional. The service from the hotel staff was good for the most part with the exception of the fronts desk. Room service was good as well. Was told that all minifridges in the rooms do not work which was an inconvenience. The location was good. I would not stay here again as it was just not a nice enough room.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>slicmj
<Content>Very Friendly Staff - Nice Rooms We had three rooms on the fifth floor the last weekend of August. We had 3 people in each room. First off, the staff went out of their way to make sure we were happy - they gave us each free drink coupons and free breakfast coupons. Both the drinks and the buffet breakfast were very good. Our rooms were on the top floor, overlooking the pool. Each room had two double beds that were extremely comfortable. The rooms were average size, they were clean and well appointed. The hotel has two dining rooms, we did not eat at Dominques but did eat at the bistro type restaurant, the food was okay - nothing great. The free breakfasts were good. The pool and spa were really nice, both are salt water. There were an abundance of clean towels down by the pool - and the pool was never over crowded. We had a wonderful time in the French Quarter and I would encourage everyone to go visit New Orleans - they are working hard to bring back the tourists. If you do go to N.O., make sure and hit Cafe du Monde for some really coffee and beignets - Also go to the piano bar at Pat O'Briens.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	3	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>Max's girl
<Content>Nice enough Had a balcony room with the balcony overlooking Toulouse St. Room was small  plain. The 2 full-sized beds were very comfortable as were the pillows. The outdated color TV had almost no color to the picture, but I understand the TV's are to be updated within the next few months. I had ordered several VIP services. The chocolate covered strawberries were in the room when we arrived  were delicious. The VIP breakfast came one day before I had requested it (Tues. rather than Wed.), not really a big deal, but we had to kind of change our plans for the day around because of it. The breakfast was wonderful. It rained almost every day we were there, so we ordered room service quite a bit. The room service menu is limited, but arrived promptly and was pretty good. Dinner at Dominiques is not to be missed. Food is outstanding and I think worth the price for a 4 star restaurant. All of the staff from the front desk to valet to room service and the restaurant were professional, helpful  friendly. Would probably stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>deblocates
<Content>I love the Maison Dupuy I've stayed at the Maison Dupuy twice since March, and each time I've had a fantastic time there. The valet guys out front are just so sweet and efficient, and I love the way they are always waiting to open the door when we arrive back, and at this point, they call me by name. The front desk staff is very nice and helpful, booking reservations for dinner, calling cabs, making suggestions, and giving directions. They gave us a voucher for free breakfast and cocktails for everyone in the room, which was just lovely. I just arrived home last evening from a family party there, we booked several rooms, the staff made sure they were all together, some adjoining, all with great views ... the beds were comfy, the service outstanding. The pool is salt water, and sparkling, the hot tub is wonderful... I recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to New Orleans.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PegE214
<Content>The Maison was Great! -We just returned from our honeymoon in New Orleans. The Maison Dupuy was GREAT. Our room was a jr.suite on the 4th floor with a balcony overlooking the courtyard. It was nice and roomy with a wonderful bed. We ate one night at Dominique's. The food and service was outstanding. It was pricey, but well worth it. The breakfast buffet at the French Bistro was excellent. I loved everything about this place. They make the best margaritas I have ever had in the hotel bar. We were there in the middle of the week. I don't think there was anyone on our floor. It was so quiet and very relaxing. The hotel is only 2 blocks from Bourbon Street. We walked everywhere we went in the FR. Quarter and always felt very safe. At night there are lots of policemen on duty--even in plain clothes we were told. One morning we ate breakfast at Petunia's. It is an old townhouse that is so cute. The service was good here, and all the waiters was very nice. Be sure to have the french toast---it is to die for. Don't miss Jimmy Buffet's Margaritaville. It is a great place to shop and have lunch in the cafe. My only complaint was it was very hot and the humidity was 95 per cent. It was ok early in the morning or late afternoon and night. But up in the day it was miserable. Our stay in New Orleans was wonderful and so was the Maison Dupuy.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jazmincleo
<Content>Not 4 star But Good For The French Quarter Right, here we go.Here is a little run down first. Well appointed and 5 mins from Bourbon Street with a beautiful courtyard, very clean pool and hot tub.The bed linen is a lot better than you get elsewhere. No bedspreads that require a UV light for stains. It was crisp white duvet covers that were comfortable. Bathroom toiletries like the Saint Marie were a little on the cheap side but it was clean and tidy. No problems with the staff, infact they were all very very nice (Maybe Wayne's having an personality transplant after the previous review as he checked us out and was quite charming).The Excellent PointsWe booked online a few months back with Bookit.com and had two separate reservations and they had a champage and dessert offer if you dined in their Dominiques Restaurant downstairs.In 10 years of visiting New Orleans on vacation this is one of the best restaurants in the city. The meal was wonderful, we phoned ahead to reserve a table and order two vegetarian meals and they made everything perfect. The free champagne (two bottles for 2 reservations) and dessert were delicious and the starter and main course were devine. We all enjoyed it. We received about $80 worth of freebies because of our reservation and the rest of the meal was very reasonably priced. All desserts comes with complimentary sour apple cotton candy which was bizarre and gave us a giggle.We were impressed by the little touches by the hotel too. During our stay a wedding was being prepared in the courtyard and the little maintenance man turned off the huge fountain and gave it a spray paint whitewash before the wedding party arrived.The DownsideWell not much of a downside except that the rooms did not constitue 4 star. They were a little dour but better than other hotels in the vicinity. My room was fine except that the WIFI and Ethernet connections to the internet did not work at all but that didn't bother us too much as it was a sightseeing trip rather than business visit. We also had a door that was a little swollen from the rain (not the hotel's fault). Our toilet seat was hanging off (they fixed it) but the sliding doors in the wardrobe left a lot to be desired.Our friends room (next door) room 354 had a TV that was cracked, a hole in their bathroom door and a safe that would not lock. I will email be emailing the hotel to mention these faults. The hotel has a front door onto Toulouse that is supposed to be open until 8pm. It was always locked so you had to use the entrance via the car parking area. Maybe thats to stop the public from using their lavatories which are next to that door though.All in all it was an inexpensive and fun stay but the hotel do need to address theirfew little snagging problems,  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	1	

<Author>maadaay
<Content>It's okay...but the website makes it look better than it is I expected it to be nicer, rooms were small and there was mold in the bath tub also ceiling tiles in bathroom in need of major repair. The courtyard and location are the best attributes of the hotel. A plus is the bed is comfy!As far as ammenities, i ordered a birthday cake for a surprise and they delivered it on the wrong day ruining the surprise. Frank at the front desk was the only one even willing to try to help, he was great.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	3	2	1	

<Author>promal
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Staff Could Be Nicer       King Room Bed  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>HappyH
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Great Location, Staff Not So Hot Just returned from two nights at the Maison Dupuy. The hotel is beautiful - elegant, great location two blocks from Bourbon Street. We had a car and had to wait for attendants to come and take the car from us to park at the hotel ($25 per day parking). There were two cars in front of us and no attendants in sight. Took about 10 minutes to have the keys taken from us.We had two rooms booked and arrived at 2:00. One room was ready, one not - we were told to come back at 4:00 PM.We had them hold our luggage and went exploring. The heat and humidity were unbearable, so we went back to the hotel at 3:00. Asked again about the room, still wasn't ready. We sat in the lobby for a full hour, asked again at 4:00. Wayne at the front desk said the room STILL showed it wasn't cleaned. He finally got up and checked the room himself - it was ready and just had not been put back into service. Who knows how long it actually had been ready.We were in room 530. The room was lovely - beautiful furniture with a couch and chair. The bed was magnificent - so comfortable with wonderful bedding. Bathroom was small but nicely appointed. We had a nice view of the lovely courtyard below. Rooms were quiet and spotlessly clean. Shampoo, conditioner, bath gel and lotion were in the bathroom. Towels were thick and like new. Free coffee was available in the lobby each morning, and Domeniques Restaurant is located in the hotel, as well as a cafe.There was a concierge desk in the lobby, but no concierge. However, some of the desk attendants were helpful with information. We found Paulette, who we met on our last day, to be exceptionally positive and helpful and gave us great information on things to see and insight into the local area. She was the most memorable of the staff in that she was happy, greeted us cheerfully and was a wealth of information. I can't say the rest of the front desk staff was as accomodating as she was - it seemed more than one was apathetic and didn't really care for the clients.Anytime we needed to take the car, the valets were not around. We had to wait each time we wanted to take the car out. But having the car did allow us to easily explore other areas of the City as well as the 9th Ward.Overall, with the exception of some of the staff, the hotel was in a good location away from the noisiest sections of New Orleans. There is a nice pool and lovely courtyard to sit outside. We got a great nights sleep on the comfortable beds and the rooms were very clean.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	2	-1	-1	

<Author>KarenDC
<Content>Hated this hotel - I would rank it a 2-star. DO NOT STAY HERE!!! I read the reviews on this site and on Maison Dupuy's website but to my dismay, this hotel was far from a 4 star hotel. The website even claimed to be listed as one of the best hotels by Conde Nast. When I read the reviews listed, and the claim about the Conde Nast designation, I thought I would be staying at a decent place but boy was I suprised! The hotel has no doorman and the rooms are incredibly small. We initially requested a room with 2 double beds but the hotel was sold out of rooms with double beds and provided a horrible rollout bed. Unfortunately, I was unable to obtain a refund because I booked the room through a website. The lobby had an odd smell that I believe was mildew. I'm from DC and I've stayed in New Orleans a number of times so I've come to expect shady areas along Bourbon Street but this hotel was located near the projects. Since crime is at an all time high in this city, I would not recommend staying here. My friends stayed at the Chateau LeMoyne and the Marriott and enjoyed their stay. The cleaning staff was incredibly friendly. That was the only bright spot during my stay.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>Tyr52
<Content>Good Value FQ Hotel       Fountain at night  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Raszsch
<Content>Deals to be had at the "wedding" hotel We stayed at the Maison Dupuy for 4 nights in May. This was our second time at the property - the first visit was 9 months after Katrina. (we saw the progress that had been made in the year, and it was great!)Make sure you check online for last minute rates. I did, and was able to save over $200 off my overall trip - b/c they had charged me higher rates upfront, and then cut them at the last minute! Overall, we spent under $500 for 5 nights, and it was worth every penny! The rooms are small-ish, but not as small as big-city hotels. We did not have a balcony room, and that was just fine. The walls could use a fresh coat of paint. But the property is overwhelmingly charming, with that deep south feel. My only complaint was that there could be additional poolside lounge chairs....The courtyard is very popular for weddings - so expect them to take over if you're staying over a weekend. Bourbon Street, Jackson Square, the Waterfront, etc are all easy walks from the Maison Dupuy - take advantage of everything that New Orleans has to offer. We did not eat in the hotel, because we knew that we could find local places if we started walking! The value for the money was great, which is why we would return to the Maison Dupuy.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	4	4	2	

<Author>porchgarden
<Content>lovely We enjoyed our stay at this hotel. The room we had during our first two nights was comfortable, but quite small. We asked to change rooms for the third and fourth nights and the staff accomodated us without hesitation. We were moved to a room facing the courtyard which was just as comfortable as the first, only much larger, with a desk, a couch, and a larger bathroom. The rate was the same. Overall, the rooms are not hip or gorgeous, but they are very clean and the bed is super comfortable. The more casual of the two restaurants in the hotel (not Dominique's) was disappointing on both occasions (one breakfast and one dinner) but there are plenty of other choices very near by. We liked that the hotel was located just far enough from Bourbon Street to be quiet, but close enough to walk to everything we wanted to do and see. The parking is very expensive, but the valets were polite and helpful. We didn't find the adjacent blocks to be dicey, as some of the other reviewers did.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	3	5	

<Author>alankk
<Content>Disappointing, even with decent rates Dupuy is essentially okay, but I went in with higher hopes. We moved from first assigned room, as balcony facing street was not desireable; if you want a balcony, go for the courtyard side. Staff generally helpful, but not always pleasant about it. Room was clean, but fairly small. Housekeeping usually didn't do the room until mid- or late afternoon, which could be annoying. Beds were too soft for myself and fellow travelers. AC vent blows directly onto far bed. TV offers no HBO, some channels came in poorly, and remote worked only intermittantly. Minibar was locked and unavailable at time of our stay, but staff did deliver small fridge to our room. Pool was closed for some of our stay and workers were using power tools in the courtyard area. Valet is expensive, but usually quick in retrieving the vehicle. Location at northern end of Quarter near Rampart just a short walk from the river and Marigny, but is a bit edgy. All this said, the rates we got were very reasonable. I might give three stars if not for my higher expectations.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>2	4	2	3	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>snickersWi
<Content>comfortable, value and excellent location! we viisted the french quarter for the first time in April 07 and found the Maison Duprey's staff very friendly and attentive. we asked for a King bed courtside and they easily honored our request. the king bed was comfortable and the room was quiet. we had a bit of trouble with the water in our room but when we asked to have it fixed, the staff was friendly and fixed the problem very quickly. the pool was pleasant and the courtyard attactive. the hotel does close this area for weddings and other gatherings. coffee in the hotel lobby in the am was a nice surprise. the exercise equipment was clean and new and worked very well. overall, we will go back to this convenient and comfortable hotel next year. Call the hotel directly to book your stay.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>magtien
<Content>Nice hotel       Hotel courtyard  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>txcody
<Content>Uggh. 80's decor meets mediocrity How does one describe this hotel - busy due only to its proximity to Bourbon Street. The rooms look like they were from a B-movie from the 80's. The staff were ambivalent towards the guests at best. The better description would be that we were viewed as irritants interfering with their day. The hotel must have been built without insulation since we could hear every conversation in the room next to us - and no this was not loud, drunk conversation. My ONLY good comment was that the bed was comfortable . Fortunately, one did not have to worry about falling out of bed since it was placed next to a wall. One would think that there would be a night stand on both sides of the bed and that the room would have a desk (being that it was an executive king room). This hotel is not even close to being worth the room rate.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>Kobie1
<Content>Good, couple of small problems This hotel is in a great location, but I did have some problems.The first room I checked into had hair in the bed. The second room had a really loud a/c. The staff at the front desk were responsive and reassigned me to another room straight away. When I asked for an upgrade to a room overlooking the courtyard, the front desk staff said I couldn't as I had already prepaid through expedia. This didn't make much sense to me! If you are going to stay in this hotel, spend a little extra and get a room over looking the courtyard.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	2	4	3	3	

<Author>kevpc110
<Content>great hotel,nice location This hotel was a very quaint hotel, two blocks from Bourbon Street. Very safe area to walk to hotel both day and night. The staff was pleasant and rooms were clean. Located near the center part of Bourbon Street, I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Easy180
<Content>Nice hotel great location Stayed in a suite for one night before our cruise....Pulled up and the valet assisted us immediately....Front desk was very cordial at check in and quick as wellThe room was older (as most in Nawlins are of course), but very nice...The front room tv was broken, but the one in the bedroom worked just fine so no worries...The bed was very comfortable and the ac worked wellEasy two block walk from bourbon street and felt completely safe walking back late at night...Very quiet in and around the hotelCheckout was very easy and our car was brought up within two minutes...That was a huge plus in my mind...Normally a line and a lengthy wait with valet service...Very satisfied with our short stayNice hotel, but it didn't just blow us away...Would definitely return if the price is right  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chicagotravelgirl
<Content>Enjoyed our stay After a lovely stay in Breaux Bridges at the Cajun Country Cottages, we moved to the Maison Dupuy in New Orleans for the rest of our Valentine's Day week. It seemed to have just been redone and was lovely and fresh. By comparison to other cities, this hotel is VERY inexpensive for what we got. We thought the location was perfect. If you have a hard time walking a few blocks you might hate it but we enjoyed the walk to all the action in the French Quarter despite some nippy weather. Also, you are close to a bunch of great jazz clubs and don't have to go past Bourbon street to get to them. Which is a consideration in the lead up to Mardi Gras - lots of parades. We loved how quiet the Maison Dupuy is. I had previously visited New Orleans for a conference and hated it. I thought it was noisy, crime ridden, and really for teenage drinkers. This time I saw a more genteel side of this great city. We did encounter one rude staff member on our check out but I had sympathy for the poor guy. The massive frat boy hordes were arriving en masse for the beginning of Mardi Gras. The lobby was full of guys that looked no older than 21. I think everywhere in the city, vendors were hopeful but also wary that Mardi Gras would be back to it's once former numbers. Unfortunately, it is clear that a lot of people that worked in the city have not returned yet and venues are gracioius but understaffed.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>NJlawgirl
<Content>Convenient nice hotel We arrived on Friday, anticipating a balcony w/ king size bed, smoking....got everything but the king size bed. So... we celebrated our 15th wedding anniversary w/ double beds. That's ok. Rooms were clean, Beds were very comfy, and front desk was accomodating for any questions that we had. Didn't eat at Dominiques but ate breakfast the morning of our departure. Convenient but expensive breakfast. Nice courtyard. All in all we had a great time.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MEPM
<Content>Disappointed My family and I went to New Orleans in early November. It was our first trip back (we visit New Orleans on average twice a year) since the hurricane. I booked accomodations at the Maison Dupuy based on the above-average reviews on Trip Advisor. We were sorely disappointed. We were not given the rooms I specifically reserved, and confirmed. The rooms we were given were not ready when we arrived, the front desk personnel were rude, and when we requested a crib (which I also reserved ahead of time) we were treated as if we were being too demanding. Also, I don't think it is a great location at all. The other side of Bourbon Street, closer to Jackson Square is a better location in the Quarter. We checked out of the Maison Dupuy the morning after we checked in and moved to the Windsor Court, which was lovely.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	2	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>Plunkybrewster
<Content>Wonderful Stay This was my first time in New Orleans and this hotel was delightful with an amazing price. They were still doing renovations at the time so it wasn't perfect looking but the room was beautiful. The customer service was a little shoddy for a four star but the room and location more than made up for it. The Room: Our room was huge but when we first got there we were put on the fourth floor in a non smoking room. Since I am a smoker(I know, I know, gross), we had to go back down and get another room. The second room we got was 208(I think)...this room was huge compared to the other room so we may have just gotten lucky. It was clean and well maintained. It looked like it had just been updated. I loved the room. I was in there for one entire day because I was so hung over from the night before(YIKES! Beware first timers to Bourbon Street, pace yourself!).Customer Service: Ok, this was the only place that the hotel was a little lacking. The room service closed at 11pm(it's New Orleans, why 11pm?). It ALWAYS took an hour to an hour and a half to get to our room. The fire alarm went off twice without there being a fire and there was no announcement. So each time, I had to get out of bed(hungover beyond belief). Oy. Location: It was just inside the French Quarter. Literally if you walk the block in the other direction, you won't like what you see. I still felt very safe and I felt the location is why the prices were kept fairly reasonable. It was still only 3 blocks to Bourbon Street. Not a bad walk and there are cute little shops and places to stop in on the way. I can not wait to go back!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	2	5	

<Author>pddavis13
<Content>Loved It After having read some of the other reviews, particularly the one posted by travelagent on Dec. 31, I was a bit trepidatious. It has been years since I've been on vacation and was wanting to make sure this one was perfect. I was not disappointed.The staff was friendly and helpful. My mother, who is a diabetic, needed a refrigerator to store her insulin. Within 10 minutes of checking in a fridge was delivered to her room.The beds were comfortable and the view from my fourth-floor balcony overlooking the courtyard was fabulous.I especially liked the hotel's location. Far enough away from the noise and partying on Bourbon, but close enough to stroll to all the French Quarters' highlights.Without a doubt, the next time I visit New Orleans (which hopefully won't be too far in the distance) I shall stay at Maison Dupuy again. It was that enjoyable.Of note: Frank at the desk (who seemed to work 20 hours of a 24-hour day), Dottie in the French Bistro restaurant and the woman who delivered room service Tuesday morning (I'm sorry I didn't get her name, but as a diabetic she and my mother hit it off and discussed what could and could not be eaten). They helped make our stay a wonderful one.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>robmm22
<Content>Great location My fiance and I stayed at the Maison Dupuy from Dec 28 until Jan 2nd 2006-07. We are from NYC, and are both 28. It was our first visit to New Orleans.Upon driving to the hotel, we were slightly worried about noise since the hotel is only about 1/2 block from Rampart (the busy road seperating the French Quarter from the rest of the city) but as we quickly discovered, the Maison Dupuy is in a great, quiet location. .. 2 blocks from Bourbon, which is ideal, since the noise from Bourbon St carries about a block in each direction.. The hotel is also on the 6th block, putting you basically in the middle of the French Quarter- everything is an easy walk.Check-in - Our initial impressions of the hotel were favorable. Beautiful courtyard... nicely (and tastefully) decorated lobby for the holidays.We arrived a few hours early (7am flight).. so while we were able to 'check-in' at 11am, we were told to return at 2pm for our room keys. This was fully expected, and neither of us minded not having immediate access to our hotel, as we were hungry and wanting to grab some lunch anyway..The bell hop took our luggage and held it for us, as we ventured out to explore the city..We returned at 3pm, where we had no problems getting our keys, and our luggage was brought up to our room.Room - I had requested a courtyard view when i booked online. Unfortunetly, I did not recieve one. Instead, my 2nd floor room had a view of a small parking lot. I later found out there were a few wedding parties staying at the hotel, so I assume they were given priority with the rooms.The room itself was decent size. No weird furniture arrangements like others had experienced. There was a faint odor as if at one point the hotel had once permitted smoking. But even as non-smokers, it wasn't too big of an issue... as the room was clean.Provided in the room were 2 magazines about New Orleans attractions/restuarants/bars, which proved helpful during our stay. However, information on the hotel was nowhere to be found. We ended up having to call the front desk on a few occassions with simple questions. They should really consider printing up a guide. for their guests.We ordered room service for breakfast one morning. Food came prompt, and was good. However, $36 for two eggs breakfasts seemed a little pricey... that is until we dined at Brennens for brunch!We did stop by the lounge for drinks and to snack on the crawfish one evening. Bartender was new, and seemed overwhelmed since he was also filling drink orders for the restuarant... so service wasn't great.. but he was friendly, and trying.. the lounge does have a single large screen TV which was playing college football for the most part during our stay. I never noticed the lounge ever really crowded, but it seemed like a mix of hotel guests and tourists grabbing a drink before dining at Dominques.COMPLAINTS - 1. the walls are thin. While we were fortunate enough not to have noisy neighbors.. any hallway noise made it's way into our room. This usually only poised a problem in the morning, when guests gabbed while leaving their rooms and let their doors slam behind them. 2. maid service came early  not often. We finally caught on after the 3rd morning that unless the 'do not disturb' sign was up, we'd have a knock on the door at 830am. A bigger issue is that once turned away, the maid didnt' make her way back around until 4-5pm. One rainy day we returned during the day to find our room at 4:30pm not cleaned for the day.. and nor was it, since we stayed in our room until dinner.3. ATM - $3 surcharge to take money out. Of course, compared to the $3.99 fee at most ATMs around the Quarter, this almost qualifies as a dealIn summery, we'd both return to the Maison Dupuy. Overall, it's a nice hotel, the help was friendly, and it's in a great location. The hotel is going through rennovations, but personally we werent effected. Maybe we got lucky? But overall the pros definitely outweigh any cons..  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>jespi
<Content>Great Hotel! I reserved our hotel room on bookit.com and got an amazing deal. We stayed at the Maison Dupuy the week before Christmas. The hotel was in a great location - walking distance to everything in the quarter. The staff was friendly and helpful, Ive never had such prompt room service, and I have to say - this was the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever slept in! The rooms are spacious and clean. This was my 5th trip to New Orleans and probably my favorite hotel. There's a beautiful courtyard as well. I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Toonses
<Content>Great Location Great location and clean rooms with very comfortable beds and a fair price. These are the top four things we were looking for so we were very happy with our choice. We stayed here over Christmas for a week ( 5 adults- 3rooms) and the hotel was very quiet due to lack of guests. Attractive foyer with fireplace and courtyard .Previous complaints and comments are however fairly accurate. Most staff at check-in were hopeless . Bistro-bar staff very pleasant as were housekeeping and the parking valets. Considering how long 5 of us were there I was surprised the manager never took the time to personally say hello to us ( We keep hearing N.O. needs tourists to return. )Total lack of hotel info in the rooms;we assumed there was no room service due to lack of staff post Katrina.Wrong as we finally discovered our last day there ! The restaurant Dominiques looked lovely but no information was ever provided about it ie. Xmas lunch/dinner specials etc. so again we assumed it was closed. Only discovered the business centre and fitness centre by accident the second last day ! This lack of information created financial losses for the hotel ; we simply went to other restaurants and venues.The last 2 days hotel started getting busy and noise from other guests became more apparent but I've found this true with many other hotels too.We were very pleased with this hotel but we were fortunate in not having any weddings taking place in the Courtyard and with the hotel being so slow that it was almost our own private inn!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	2	2	2	

<Author>Cubzter
<Content>A Welcome Return to the Maison Dupuy       View of courtyard and pool from junior suite balcony  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	5	3	

<Author>TravelAgentFL
<Content>Without a doubt, horrible !       the hallway to rooms...  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	2	1	1	

<Author>cmd123
<Content>Excellent Choice! We stayed in New Orleans both before and after a cruise in December, 2006. Our pre-cruise stay was at the Maison Dupuy. We wished we had stayed there afterwards as well! The hotel is in the French Quarter, within easy walking distance of everything.We had no complaints about the Dupuy--they are renovating, and our room was bright and clean with a pretty wrought-iron balcony overlooking the street. The room was fairly quiet, considering it was New Orleans, where the party goes on and on. Next time I would ask for a room overlooking the lovely courtyard--there were 3 weddings there the day we stayed. Their breakfast buffet was good, although not included in the price, in a room with great copies of Talouse Latrec's paintings covering the walls. This room/bar also has a big screen tv for watching football games. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay here, and can't understand why it isn't rated higher on Trip Advisor. It is a hotel that is obviously well-managed and well-maintained. Perhaps not enough people have checked it out. We highly recommend it.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>touringcat
<Content>Nice location, staff unhelpful We'd been hoping to stay at the Maison DuPuy for a few years. We'd visited their gorgeous courtyard and fell in love with the location. It's supposed to be a 4 star hotel and we got a great deal via Travelocity. It's easy walking distance to everything in the quarter.The lobby is nice and the hotel was clean and elegant. While some renovation was going on, it seemed to be in good shape post-Katrina. However, our room was tiny, had no view and set up oddly - The huge armoir was placed at the foot of the bed and there was only about 12 inches between the two pieces of furniture to get to the other half of the room. The bed was very comfortable. There was no coffeemaker, microwave, or refrigerator in the room but it did have an iron and a hairdryer. There was no hotel information book or a flier about hotel services provided in the room.The bathroom was nice. Shower was lukewarm one morning but only once. Magnified mirror on wall fell off the wall if touched!The TV had a menu that referred to movies but there weren't any to choose from and no explanation - just nothing when you clicked on the movie link. There's only about 12 channels to surf and no TV guide channel to see what's on when.One of the drawers in the armoire had chocolate shavings it it, so probably the staff don't clean them out regularly. Also, the armoire looked like it had 6 drawers but there were only 3, once of which had the room safe in it. On the other side, behind the faux drawers, was a locked refrigeration unit that took up the whole space. We were told that it wasn't available yet. So not much storage space in addition to the small closet.They advertise free internet connection. Well, there was no desk in the room and the connection was located on a short cable on the small side table next to the bed. The table had a large lamp on it. If I'd have brought my laptop, it would have been impossible to use in that location!We had hoped to eat dinner at Dominique's on Thanksgiving. We submitted reservations twice online and never got a confirmation. I called about 2 weeks before going and the staff person didn't know if they'd be open. He did check tho and took our reservation and email address and promised written confirmation. Never got it. When we arrived the cost for dinner was $48 apiece not including beverages and a really limited menu. So we canceled and went to Court of Two Sisters instead. That was great.With the exception of one woman at the check-in desk who was great, most staff in that area didn't seem to be helpful, trained or well-informed about the hotel and its services or the area in general. That's why I've rated this hotel as only okay. We were consistently disappointed with the staff.My partner asked if we were entitled to breakfast or coffee as part of our stay. The desk staff member said You're entitled to it but you have to pay for it. Um...ok. FYI, free coffee is available in the morning in the lobby. I called down to inquire about local bus service and how late buses ran in New Orleans. The man with whom I spoke turned and asked his co-worker for information. The reply I overheard was, Tell her there's a phone book in her room. How's that for customer service at a 4 star hotel?! At least the man with whom I spoke was able to find a phone number for the city bus co., as the number I had for the bus company no longer worked.They advertise a free USA Today daily. We didn't get any so asked about it and they said they're put out in the lobby in the morning and you have to come get them - but they were all out. for the Thanksgiving Th-Fr-Sat edition by Friday morning.My partner went down to have a smoke and a glass of wine in the one night in the courtyard. They charged $12 for a partially filled glass of wine in the Bistro! Egads. And, the courtyard ended up being off limits due to a wedding reception. We probably won't stay at the Maison DuPuy again. I've had good experiences at Quarter House and Dauphine Orleans pre-Katrina. Not sure how they fared during and after, however.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	2	2	

<Author>kirkjshurey
<Content>Great Hotel, Even Better Location Stayed at the Maison DuPuy for 3 nights with a friend for a birthday weekend.Room was clean, large and well appointed with a pleasant view over the courtyard. No balcony, unfortunately, but the room did have all the amenities expected of a quality hotel with an exceptionally comfortable bed. Staff were pleasant and dealt with enquirers quickly and efficiently.The absolute best thing about this hotel is its location just two blocks north of Bourbon Street and all the action. The worst thing for us was the 3 weddings that took place over the 3 days we were there which meant the very appealing court yard was out of bounds to us. We didn't eat at the hotel, so unable to comment on the food, but there are numerous restaurants around the area.I would most definitely stay at this hotel again and as New Orleans is recovering well from Katrina, I would suggest anybody go for the excitement and superb food Nawlins has to offer.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>kolitacm
<Content>Loved Loved Loved the Maison DuPuy! I booked my hotel to New Orleans on hotels.com and was not sure what to expect. The web site recommended the Maison DuPuy and I thought I would try it. Turned out it was AMAZING and totally worth the (very reasonable) price. It is located two blocks from Bourbon Street, which was great because Bourbon Street stays REALLY LOUD until like 6 in the morning ... not good if you want to get a little sleep. There was not much noise at all inside the Maison DuPuy. The beds were sooooo comfortable -- plus we had cold water in our shower at first and a guy came right up and fixed it. The front desk staff was so nice and let us stay an hour past the 11am checkout time. I would return to this hotel tomorrow! And for anyone wondering what the French Quarter is like after Katrina, it is totally back up and running and the people there are SO NICE - I wish I could give them all of my money! Go to New Orleans now because the hotel prices are really reasonable!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>brodean
<Content>TERRIFIC location ! That title is the main reason I would stay there again. Because otherwise, this is little more than any other hotel with a competent staff and adequate facilities. Judging from the other reviews on this site and conversations with other patrons of the hotel, Maison Dupuy seems to have a very wide variance in the size and quality of the rooms it offers. My room was small with a much too large king-size bed in it and a too large console holding the tv, making it difficult to pass between the bed and the console to get to the window, a window that offered a view of a blank wall! I asked for a smoking room, then had to call the bell station for an ashtray. Also, the minibar wasn't stocked - no problem, all I wanted was a fridge to store beer and snacks in, but the minibar was unplugged and the only available outlet was in the bathroom. So I lugged it in there and sat it on the sink counter, where it robbed a tiny bathroom of valuable space! But I don't want to complain too much. I got a great price for the room, and anyway, in NOLA you won't want to spend much time in your hotel. New Orleans is STILL a GREAT place to visit. The Quarter and Marigny are just as fun as they always were The smaller crowds are the only indication that Katrina ever happened. Y'all need to make those crowds bigger!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>chicagostylist
<Content>Comfortable and Beautiful The Maison DuPuy was a joy to stay at. The staff was very friendly, and helpful. It is a short walk to Bourbon St., Jackson Square, Armstrong Park, and St. Louis 1 cemetary. The down pillows, and bed was unbelivablly comfortable. It was also just far enough from Bourbon St. to sleep without outside noise. The courtyard is romantic with a wonderful fountain. Four days was not enough time for all the great bars, food, tours, people. We had such a good time we almost missed our plane. We will definatly be back next year.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jaxinorlando
<Content>Good Times!! Just returned from a two night stay. I had never been to NOLA before, and wasn't really sure what to expect. First I would advise anyone of traveling in or out of this airport to stay clear of D.E.L.T.A. ( READ- Doesn't Ever Leave The Airport!!) We were delayed on the way there, and then on the way out, our flight was CANCELLED. Not good. Anyhow.... The hotel is a quick cab ride, which was nice, as you get to see the new Superdome and the surrounding areas that were once sumberged partially by water. The hotel itself is nice. The staff was friendly, never seemed pushy or rude. We arrived around noon, and our room was ready! ( They will store your bags if needed, though). The room had a nice view of the courtyard. The bathroom was spacious and clean, the beds were comy and fitted with nice down duvet covers. We dumped our bags and headed out! The location was perfect. 2 small blocks and you were right there on Bourbon Street. Far enough to be quite, but yet a few minutes, you were in the heart of it. During the day there isn't a whole lot going on, I recommend doing the touristy things; carriage rides, etc. At night is when things pick up! We had a blast. I always felt safe. I was amazed at the people that came up to us and asked where we were from. When we told them we were from Orlando, all they could do was tell us how thankful and appreciative they were that we came to their lovely town. It felt great to spend money there, as they need it. Would I be back? In a heartbeat! Would I stay at the Maison Dupuy again- you betcha! If you are hesitant on going- DON'T BE! NOLA was an awesome time. Be sure to go to the Acme Oyster house and get a Po'Boy from Johnny's. Just let yourself eat and drink your way through NOLA and enjoy!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>The-Clouds
<Content>Great Location          Fountain  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>dblead
<Content>Good value.       Courtyard Fountain.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>randallbellaire
<Content>A perfect vacation Stayed at the Maison Dupuy July 19-23. From the start everything was perfect. We arrived a few hours before checkin but were taken directly to our room, a king with a balcony. Nice rice, not large, but very nice, clean, and everything worked properly, COLD AC, it was hot in NOLA! The front desk, housekeeping, room service and restaurant staff were all very friendly and efficient. We have no complaints about our stay. We were a lil worried about the availability of staff since staffing is an issue right now in NOLA but there are no concerns at Maison Dupuy. We have stayed here before and it was as good as always. ps. we booked a $160 a night balcony room on bookit.com for $60 a night, what a deal!). NOLA is thriving, the Quarter is just about like it always was with a few less people ( which equals shorter lines at all the good restaurants, which by the way were all open). There are a some shops and a couple restaurants in the Quarter not yet open but all the goods ones were open, and had great food and service (K-Pauls, Brennans, GW Fins, Acme Oyster, Emerils, etcf) If your waiting on going back to NOLA, dont wait, go now while the hotels are cheaper!! If your staying in the Quarter you wont notice much difference from before Katrina.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>moonltnite
<Content>Maison Dupuy - July 2006       View from our balcony  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Nimdok
<Content>Maison Recovering Nicely I was the photographer for a wedding at Maison DuPuy on May 21st of this year. The hotel is a beautiful medium sized inn near the perimeter of the French Quarter. It is an easy walk (or stagger) from the hotel to Bourbon Street, though it's a bit of a haul to the riverfront. The public areas of the hotel are well appointed and elegant without being ostentatious, and the on-site bar is an excellent location for gatherings. As a photographer the hotel is an excellent subject, giving me a large number of options for the couple and families. The hotel staff is very helpful and indulgent. The courtyard is beautiful and well suited to a medium-sized wedding party.Niggles: The AC in the first room we were given was non-functional. When notified the staff immediately moved us to a second room, insisting upon bringing the key to our room and escorting us (with bellman) to the new room, where they tested the AC prior to leaving. Very impressive. The rooms themselves are standard hotel quality and a little rough around the edges but acceptable, and the beds more comfortable than usual. Water pressure was a slight problem (in New Orleans, go figure). Last item, and an important one: limited parking. Hotel provides for guests but it can be a problem if an event is being conducted. We never had a problem, but heard from non-staying guests of the wedding that they had trouble finding a space on the street after the hotel was filled.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>brandyrisinger
<Content>Great Hotel Our wedding party stayed here for three nights, there were some problems with the plumbing, but things are just getting back to normal down there. Hotel had down duvets, pillow-top matresses and lush towels. The bellmen were very helpful, we had tons of stuff because we were doing a destination wedding. We will return soon.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>txladyblues
<Content>Maison Dupuy wonderful as usual We stayed at the Maison Dupuy and once again had a marvelous experience. This time we had the deluxe room which overlooked the pool and courtyard, and had a small 'fridge. The entire hotel is freshly painted with new carpet and accessories and as usual very clean. The staff was friendly and helpful and very professional. There was a wedding in the courtyard on our 3rd day but it didn't cause us any angst. Who goes to NOLA to stay around the hotel pool anyway? They had a DJ but the music was faint and not a distraction and there was a notice put up by the hotel staff letting us know in advance. Yes, we were charged for parking but the practice is common in NOLA as land for parking lots is dear. The hotel does warn you of this charge when you book the room. Fresh coffee and tea was served every morning to my companions delight. This hotel has a great price and is located very conveniently in a quiet area close to everything in the French Quarter. I always stay at the Maison Dupuy!the one thing i do wish they would do is re-install the floor length mirrors so a gal can see how she looks before leaving the room!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>weescottie2005
<Content>Had a wonderful stay!! We reserved a room at MD long before Katrina; we were surprising a friend for his 40th birthday. They are doing some construction, which I'm sure someone would/could complain about (read: whiners). The hotel is beautiful and our room was clean. We were surprised to find an anniversary card  souvenirs for us (I'd forgotten that I told them when reserving our first anniversary was approaching; our friend was had champagne and souvienirs for his birthday. I thought this was a very nice touch. Also, our neighbor was in NO recently and left a bottle of wine for us; the hotel staff left this along with two glasses and a corkscrew. That was just the beginning of our wonderful stay - the staff (thank you to Frank, Cynthia and Paulette!) was helpful, pleasant, and personable. I was disappointed to see negatives posts about MD -- especially considering what the circumstances must have been like the day before Katrina. I'm sure the staff did the best they could under the circumstances. The fountain area, although under construction presently, was beautiful, as was the pool area. I hope to enjoy both on my next visit.The hotel's locaton is excellent - easy walking distance to Bourbon, but far enough away to relax.We would stay at the MD again in a heartbeat. If anyone has questions I'd be glad to answer them!:)Kim  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GalTexan
<Content>Wonderful! Beautiful! Charming We found the hotel to be charming and better than most other old New Orleans hotels. It was very clean, the bellman was so sweet as were the front desk people and the parking attendants. This is our 2nd stay here and we will always stay here when we visit New Orleans. I assume the visitors who complained have never been to New Orleans and do not realise they are staying in a historical building in a city where there is little space for parking. If they had done their research, they would have found they could have paid even more for parking at other hotels with much smaller rooms. And to complain because they didn't get a 'fridge? Puleeze! If a fridge is important, they should have asked if one was provided. Next time I suggest they choose one of the newer hotels on Canal St. that do not have the personality of the historical hotels.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gracie2762
<Content>Great Stay We had an excellent stay here. Room was quiet and neat. Staff was helpful. Location was excellent. Overall good time.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not worth the money For the money, I expected a lot more than I received. Because there was no refrigerator in my room, I called to ask if one could be delivered and I was told that it would be an additional charge per day. I asked to use the computer room, that was also an additional charge per day. And because I drove down, I required parking, that was also an additional charge per day. I have NEVER stayed in a hotel that charged extra for these ammenities; especially parking. I was floored when I learned that a guest was required to pay for parking. And these fees were not minor. The parking was, I believe $25 per day; the computer room was $5 per day; and the use of the refrigerator would have been $25 extra per day. My room was a little over $200 per day and for that price, we didn't even receive a continental breakfast at the very least. I will most definately not stay at this hotel EVER again.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our stay conldn't have been better We celebrated our 50th wedding anniversary at this fine hotel. The front office staff couldn't have been nicer, As a matter of fact the whole staff that we came in contact with were very gracious. The Sunday Brunch was outstanding.At the present time we are concerned about Lucia Sims, front desk clerk, because of the recent hurricane.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>stasiakay
<Content>Everything you would want This hotel had everything you would want in a New Orleans hotel. Pool and courtyard, Gym, Business center, parking etc. But the best is the location. Far enough away to be quiet but close enough to everything. Rooms were very comfortable with extra pillows and very soft clean sheets. My teenagers didn't want to get up in the morning. Bathroom was a bit small for five people and there was a few very minor maintence problems but nothing that effected our stay and after all you are in an old French Quarter building. The staff was excellent. You couldn't beat the conceirge. Their knowledge and helpfulness made our stay the most it could be. Even the valet for our car was the best. Never a wait and always a smile. All in all I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This was a great hotel, where did these other people stay No other word but charming, the whole visit 5 nights were beyond our expectations. Near everything but the noise. The food was excellent in Dominique's Restaurant and we always had good food and fun in the French Quarter Bistro in the hotel. We asked for a balcony and had one over looking a great courtyard and pool. We will return here and would never stay anywhere else. The hotel is better then the web site although the web site got us real interested. No bellmen? wrong, they need to meetMarvin. Be sure if you stay at this hotel to ask for Marvin. He is an incredible employee and made us laugh every day.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Cruiseduck
<Content>Would look elsewhere We booked a deluxe non-smoking room with a balcony. When we arrived we were put in a smoking room (that smelled). The balcony was over the garbage bins and every morning at 7 we were awakened by the garbage trucks. When we voiced our concerns to the front desk we were told that the rooms that are booked through an on line service, such as expedia, etc. are the 'bottom of the barrel' rooms. Also, after spending all day touring the city we had hoped to be able to spend some time by the pool in the courtyard. When we arrived back at the hotel the courtyard was closed for a wedding. Even though the hotel is in a convenient location I would look elsewhere.....  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>txlafyblues
<Content>Loved the Maison Dupuy We spent 4 days at the Maison Dupuy. The room was clean, the staff was more than nice, they were gracious despite being fully booked during a hectic time. I am sure they were concerned about their own families as the weather report was saying a hurricane might stop in NOLA and we might have to evacuate. NOLA was full of refugees from Florida. The staff was extremely friendly.The room was pretty and larger than some rooms I have stayed in in New Orleans. I have no complaints and have already booked my room for French Quarter Festival in April. See you there!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>christaandtia
<Content>Beautiful Dream Wedding in a Gorgeous Hotel! We stayed at the Maison Dupuy in January 2005 and were married in the Courtyard. I cannot say enough good things about this hotel! My husband and I and 40 other family members and friends stayed here and no one had any problems! We stayed in the Honeymoon Suite and this was absolutely beautiful -Clean, well maintained rooms. The regular rooms were not big but comfortable. The huge beds are awesome. Very Very close to Bourbon Street and a little far from Jackson Square but it was a nice walk. The staff was always helpful and efficient. Food was wonderful! Breakfast was the only meal I would not recommend. For the price and quality, I believe other restaurants would be better in the area. This was quite a crazy week with all the relatives and wedding events etc. but the staff was so very helpful. They helped with cab service and with the limo service and many many other little details. If you would ever want a wedding that you will never ever forget I would definitely suggest the Maison Dupuy!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>EiA
<Content>Ah, but the bed! The room at the Maison Depuy was a standard looking hotel room, and to our annoyance, the French windows overlooking the lovely courtyard  pool were sealed shut. In addition, the hotel bar is a generic, characterless place. Ah, but the bed was luscious: a true King, loaded with downy-soft pillows and crisp cotton sheets. And the hotel staff was very friendly and knowlegable. Also, the hotel is in a great location. Overall, the Maison Depuy offers very good value for your money.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>They gave our room away We made a reservation gave a credit card number, received a confirmation number and when we arrived were told they had overbooked and we had no room! They did make us a reservation at the Holiday Inn and paid for it. I told the front office person that had I wanted to stay at the Holiday Inn, I would have booked a room there. They were very unconcerned about the situation. Don't trust them. Stay elsewhere!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Drupey Dupey We have just returned from a two week tour of the deep south. We stayed at the Maison Dupey for four nights. This hotel was the first one we stayed in and found it to be nice but found there were extra expenses. On check in we didn't find the staff to be over helpful or organised. We were annoyed at the fact we had to pay 26 dollars a night plus taxes for our car. We feel that there should be discounts for paying guest. We made an international call (4-minutes) from our room which ended up costing us 50 dollars. There were no indications on how much a call was going to cost us. The final thing that annoyed us was that there was no fridge nor tea and coffee making facilities in the room.The hotel itself was nice, we had a nice room with quite air con. The location for most attractions including Boubon street was excellent.We would not stay here again but look for different accomodation in the same location.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maybaby21218
<Content>Lovely, quiet setting, But... Stayed at the Maison Dupuy for 5 nights during Essence Festival and was quite pleased. However, there were a few things that need attention: the carpet in one of the lobby elevators needs to be replaced (old, worn, dirty) as well as the carpeting in the room in which we stayed; the toilet had stains in the bowl; the sheets were thin and some had small holes in them. On the plus side, the courtyard/pool area is lovely, the staff is friendly, and it is a quiet facility. I especially appreciate not hearing slamming doors and loud talking all night. I plan to stay here again and hopefully will see some positive changes under the new ownership.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>wardyp
<Content>loved the hotel Stayed here 5 years ago and enjoyed the 2nd visit just as much. Wonderful ambience, tastefully furnished and centrally located. Could not fault and extremely good value for money. Would stay again without hesitation.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice but..... The hotel room we were put in was not the room I booked. The courtyard was nice but the fountain was being painted so that didnt help. The location was good, a couple blocks from bourbon street. Overall, I would stay here again but probably not until I tried some other hotels.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>DianeRD
<Content>great location       This is one of the rooms we had  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service not great-wedding We had our weding here in the small courtyard. They certainly didn't bend over backwards in the service department. It was almost as if they were doing us a favor by letting us stay/get married/spend money there. Nothing tragic happened but it would have been nice if they had treated us a bit better. We were rushed out of the courtyard as soon as our hour was up even though we had paid for food and drink that was never consumed. There was nothing scheduled after us in the courtyard that night so the bum rush was unnecessary and we JUST GOT MARRIED for goodness sake -- give is 15 minutes! Not recommended.  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Too Bad.... This Hotel was not too bad. It wasn't the best I've ever stayed at, but by far not the worst. It was clean, the staff was friendly, quiet, and was very close to the heart of the French Quarter. The best part was their beautiful courtyard. Just to give you an idea of how nice it was....there was a wedding three of the five nights we were there. The only negative I would say is the restaurant staff good take a lesson in customer service.  
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Maxy
<Content>Very nice staff Stayed there in Nov.04 with a group of people for a Birthday party. Very honest staff. Left my backback in the lobby on a couch with 2 camera's, DVD player and CD player in it. Came back 2 hrs. later realized it was gone, went downstairs to ask about it and a staff member had found it and put it behind desk. Could not believe it. Had a nice bar and food was good in restaurant. Nice location. Couple blocks from Bourbon. Only problem, some of the rooms were real small.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beachbummed
<Content>Overpriced and in bad need of a remodel I'm a mid-30's professional that travels often. I live about 4 hours away from New Orleans and have visited several times a year for the past fifteen years. I have tried all types of accommodations in and around the French Quarter from hotels to private homes. On our last visit to New Orleans (New Year's Eve), my wife and I strolled by the DuPuy and looked inside the lobby. We decided we would try this hotel when we returned in April for the first weekend of Jazz Fest with my in-laws. By making a few phone calls, we were able to secure two non-smoking king rooms with balconies overlooking the courtyard at a rate of $289 per night thanks to Pat in reservations. (These types of rooms are scarce during big events).Check-in was great. Our car was parked and our bags were promptly brought up to the room. The front-desk staff was helpful and check-in was immediate. The room, however, left a lot to be desired. The french doors to the balcony did not shut or lock properly. Everything was tired and dated. The very tiny bathroom had several bulbs that were burned out over the vanity and the tub was dirty. There is no in-room high speed internet service and the dial-up will cost you 75 cents a call. The only high point to the room was that it faced out over an interior courtyard that cut down the noise level as compared to a room that faces out over the streets (if you have ever stayed in a balcony room on Bourbon you will appreciate that).The level of service greatly deteriorated after check-in. In the four nights that we stayed there, the maids never cleaned our coffee pot or placed out new coffee (horrible coffee- btw). No one ever replaced the burned-out bulbs over the vanity in the bathroom. The convenience bar in the room had orange juice in it that had expired over two months ago. The breakfast buffet consisted of powdered eggs and fruit that was left sitting in the sun. Service was downright rude at breakfast and the employees could have cared less if anyone was there. When we, and other guests, inquired about items that were getting low, we were shrugged off. On the day of check-out, the bellboy/valet was very rude to us and other guests. In the lobby, after a guest a complained of being awakened by loud noises, a hotel employee loudly proclaimed, if I had to be up at 6 this morning, so should he!At $289 per night plus tax and $24 nightly parking fee, you definitely do not get the service and room you are paying for. There are much nicer, and newer, hotels to choose from in this area.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>travelbunny
<Content>Fabulous 10/10 It is amazing that this place can get such mixed reviews. We were here February 24-26. We had a very large room on the fifth floor which comfortably accomodated my husband, myself and our three children. It was quiet, clean, quaint and worth every dollar. No sign of wear or tear.Our room looked over the very pretty courtyard. The pool was really really warm which the kids were thrilled about and they were allowed in the hot-tub (many hotels don't allow children to use them). This hotel was so convenient. Right in the heart of the French Quarter but away from the noise and smell of Bourbon Street.My only complaint was the bellboy but hey, it saved us a tip! He was literally run off his feet when we were checking out.My kids are pretty fussy travellers but Maison DuPuy scored a 10 with them.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>moonflower68
<Content>Nice hotel, but Deluxe King room not as promised Stayed at the Maison DuPuy for 3 nights at the end of December 2004. It is an inviting, well-located hotel with lovely courtyard. Overall we were satisfied but would like to share a few caveats:The rooms are much smaller than advertised. Knowing that rooms in the French Quarter run small, we paid extra for a Deluxe King with View, based on the description and room photo on the hotel's website, expecting to get a spacious king bedroom, in the hotel's own words. However, the room was not at all spacious. The hotel's website contains photos of both a Standard King and a Deluxe King room: Be aware that our so-called Deluxe King looked just like the pictured Standard King in dimensions and furnishings. There was certainly no sofa (or room for one) as pictured in the Deluxe King photo.When I inquired about our room -- thinking that we might have been assigned to the wrong category of room -- I was told that it was indeed a Deluxe King because we had a view of the courtyard. The view was very limited, as the window was quite narrow. Charging extra for this slightly improved view alone is a bit of a scam. So just keep in mind that the hotel does not deliver on its promise of spacious for Deluxe King rooms.Aside from that, the hotel was quite pleasant, with a nice ambiance and good service. The bistro is a good place to have a casual meal. However, the high-end restaurant, now much acclaimed in New Orleans, was overpriced and overrated. We dined there with two friends and we were all similarly unimpressed. After that we decided to stick to the tried-and-true neighborhood places that serve good ol' Cajun/Creole fare without the mark-up for trendiness.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, Nice Hotel I had the pleasure of staying at the Maison DuPuy on a business trip to New Orleans. The hotel is located in the French Quarter and is just a couple of blocks off of the famous Bourbon Street, and a short walk to the streetcar. I personally would not recommend staying right on Bourbon Street, unless you like a lot of noise and revelry way into the night right outside your windows. The Maison DuPuy is quiet, with a lovely courtyard with fountain, small pool, spa, and tall towering plants. Two restaurants downstairs - one fairly expensive, the other has good food at a reasonable price. The staff was very friendly. The rooms are nice - ask for one overlooking the courtyard! The bath/shower is nothing to write home about - just an ordinary hotel bathtub, but the room is quite nice. There is no coffee/tea in the room, though. You might be a bit disappointed at first when you drive up to the hotel, it is quite unassuming from the outside, but the inside is lovely. That is due to the strict regulations regarding the historical buildings in the French Quarter. I would definitely recommend the Maison DuPuy.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ixion
<Content>Cockroach and bad service I just spent two night at the Maison Dupuy, i was on business in New Orleans. Definitely will not return to this hotel. The good: Great location, just a few blocks walking distance to Bourbon St, but far enough to not be noisy. Quaint and romantic compared to your run of the mill brand name business hotels. The BAD:Cockroach in my shoe. See below. The room was very small and had no work desk which is bad if you're there on business. The bell boy service was horrible. See below. I packed my bags and was checking out. I put my shoes on and I could feel something at my toes. I took the shoe off and there was a huge cockroach in there. Disgusting!! This hotel is NOT clean. The carpets and walls are worn down. After checking out, I checked my bags with the bell boy because my flight was not for several hours. They promised to call and reserve a taxi ahead of time. When I returned, there was no taxi, and when i finally was able to flag one down, my bags were not ready, so the taxi left. It took 25 minutes to get my bags and another 15 for a taxi, so now i was at risk of missing my flight. I was not the only guest in this situation. So beware, give yourself plenty of time when dealing with their bell boy service and call for you own taxi.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware This place looks nice, but they have no idea how to run a hotel or treat their customers. After making a reservation more than three months in advance and calling the night before to confirm, when we arrived at the Maison Dupuy we were not given the type of room we had reserved. In addition, the rooms are much smaller than what the website leads you to believe. Instead of being helpful, the staff was rude and uncaring. You can get better customer service at a Days Inn. In a essence, we were treated like dirt and left that same night for another hotel (The Fairmont -- really nice).  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Frank The concierge at the hotel was fabulous. He (Frank) couldn't do enough for us. Certainly made our stay most enjoyable. One of the best meals I ever had was at the hotel Restaurant - Dominiques.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>crawfishpie
<Content>Had only one night to enjoy it... My two kids and I were at the Maison Dupuy as part of a December 2004 wedding party. We enjoyed a clean comfortable room that overlooked the lovely courtyard and pool. All of the hotels in the historic French Quarter are quite old. You should expect some quirkiness in most rooms, but this was minimal at the Maison Dupuy. My only criticism was a 15 minute wait to check out. On site parking was about $20 per night, but worth it. Parking is very difficult in the French Quarter.The staff was friendly, particularly the parking attendants. The French Quarter setting is lovely, and there is world-class shopping and dining within a few blocks. The French Quarter is also great for people-watching and strolling.The wedding reception we attended was catered by the hotel restaurant, and the food and service were outstanding. I'm sorry we only had one night to enjoy it.New Orleans is a wonderful city to visit, and the Maison Dupuy was a pleasant part of our experience there.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>MULTIPLE PROBLEMS! We stayed for 5 nights PRIOR to Mardi Gras. Night 1: Smelled like vomit and had vomit stain on floor. You can't even imagine! Changed rooms. Night 2 new room: Had roach in room with food under bed from previous people (NOT CLEANED AGAIN!). Changed rooms.Night 3 new room: By the way we moved our own bags from room to room and got no apologies. They gave us a balcony this time (upgrade), with a huge generator making noise below, in the courtyard under us...which was under construction. They did give us 2 free drinks at the bar (didn't quite satisfy us).Night 4 and 5 were fine, but if there were bugs in the room I sure wasn't going to eat in their fine dining restaurant Dominique's even though it looked nice.The cleaning ladies also called us 3 days in a row at noon, 11:45am and finally 11:30am to see if we wanted the room cleaned. They wanted to go home so they had to bug us to get out or not clean the room. Very unprofessional.Also...with the construction they blocked the road next to the hotel with a crane for parts of 2 days so we couldn't get our car out of the hotel parking. Bottom line is STAY ELSEWHERE!!!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>jaybean
<Content>Would stay here again Even though it has been a few years since we stayed at Maison DuPuy, I had to write a review. I stayed here with a coworker, and the staff went out of their way to be helpful to two females! We had a beautiful deluxe King room with a balcony. The room was exactly like the one pictured on the hotel's web site. It was spotless. The bathroom was marble and quite large. Enough room for two women and all our junk. We just loved the balcony; enjoying a cold beer while watching the world go by was heaven. The courtyard and pool were just what we needed. We were there in July. It was very hot, but we were able to do things in the morning, spend the afternoon at the pool and go out in the evening.I highly recommend Dominiques. Our meal there was outstanding. We had an extremely friendly German waitress and the evening was very enjoyable. I see that the bar area has been turned into a Bistro. It had overstuffed sofas and chairs with a TV when we were there. It was a nice place to have a drink and unwind. The French Quarter has a certain odor to it. The hotel is old. It is in the French Quarter. Everything is old in the French Quarter, but there is a difference between old and decaying. The hotel is kept in wonderful condition, unlike some others in the Quarter. It is close enough to walk everywhere but far enough (2 blocks) from Bourbon Street that the noise doesn't keep you awake. You are in more of a residential area and it is safe to walk up the Rue Toulouse from Bourbon Street at night. We were never afraid walking to or from the hotel any time of day or night. Do not rent a car. You will not need it.You will not go wrong staying here. Check out their website. What you see there is what you get. You won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon in July. We were treated very well by the staff and when a little mishap occured in our room we were very well taken care of by Wayne, the manager. He moved us into the Bridal Suite at no extra charge for a couple of nights. I highly recommend this hotel (we had requested a courtyard room with a balcony). We would stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MeTraveller1938
<Content>Pretty Special Place My husband, daughter and I arrived at the Maison on Sunday evening for a stay that would last through Thanksgiving, and we departed Friday morning. It was a rare and wonderful experience. We've been going to the Franch Quarter hotels for over 12 years, and find the Maison to have the warmest of receptions, with most attentive service personnel. Most staff have a warm smile and greeting for you in hallways, in the restaurants, in the lobby; wherever you may pass them. I asked at the service desk if there was such a service as a mobile cart which would enable me to travel down sidewalks, and cross streets to enable myself and my husband to the travel to the Riverwalk or the French Market. The Desk Manager said the hotel had such a service; they made arrangemenets and by 3 PM on Monday I was skootering down Tolouse to Riveralk. I was so pleased with the manner in which the hotel arranged for this unusual request. Upon leaving Friday morning at 6 AM we talked with the bellman for a time, and he informed us that he had worked with the owner of the Maison for over 13 years, and said he was a fine man to work for. Guess this all points to good management and good staff makes for happy customers. Thank you Maison Dupuy for a wonderful visit.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Diamond in the Rough On my vacation I unfortunately got incredibly sick and had to go to Tulane U Hospital twice. The hotel staff was so accomodating and helpful that it was like being taken care of by mom. I ordered room service many times (too sick to go out) and it was easy on my college student budget and quick enough that my fever didn't mind staying awake. Once I got better the staff helped me plan out some fun recovery activities and their recommendations were right on the money.My boyfriend is a Le Cordeon Bleu trained chef and Dominiques is a name that is known to him. If you think it's expensive you don't know fine dining.The grounds are beautiful and decorated fabulously for the holidays. There is a reason there are tons of weddings here. We are throwing around the idea of a wedding there too and we live 3 time zones away!Walking distance to just about everything in the French Quarter. Cafe du Monde is about 5 min away and Bourbon St is 3 blks down. What more do you need? Don't get a car - you won't need it. Take a cab or street car if you really need to get around.Some words about New Orleans: it's dirty, loud, old, raunchy and tough. If that bothers you, don't stay in the French Quarter. If you want fru fru go to the Garden District. You will not get large pools anywhere in the French Quarter after all this place is over 300 yrs old. You will not get Ritz size rooms anywhere but the Ritz. There is a reason they are called Boutique hotels. They will be expensive because of their location - you wanted to stay here and so does everybody else and they know it. Parking is expensive because it is scarce. Simple economics, be prepared to pay if it's limited. Seems to me the negative comments are from those that had unrealistic expectations or didn't understand New Orleans.As a senior front desk clerk at a major 5 star hotel for a year and a half - no hotel can guarantee anything but a room. Requests are exactly that - requests. Hotels will do the best they can to accomodate you but other than that they have no obligation to fulfill your request. If you have a serious issue that absolutely must be met (handicapped room, severe asthma, etc) talk to the sales dept manager and they will do their best to work with you. Check hotel cancellation policies prior to booking the room because they vary by hotel, even within a chain.Done ranting.We're going back next month and looking forward to every minute of it.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>don't go on a Saturday Dont book in for a Saturday if you want to use the courtyard and/or pool (both of which are very pleasant though) as wedding parties take over. We arrived hot and dusty to find we couldn't sit outside or have a swim at all during the afternoon or evening. Considering the cost of a Saturday night stay is about double that of another night, that is a raw deal.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>surveyor34
<Content>Wonderful Time! Our, my wife and I, stay was one of the most enjoyable and pleasant stays we have had in any hotel. The staff was always pleasant and helpful, be it for making change or arranging a trip somewhere. The rooms were on a par with your average size, clean and enjoyable. The bed was made daily using the same linen for a three day period, unless you wished it changed daily. All you had to do was ask. The bathroom was cleaned daily. All the housekeepers were pleasant.We also ate dinner there a couple of evenings. These were different and very tasty meals. You would almost like to take a picture of the plate, it was presented so nicely. The flavors were wonderful. They also served breakfast in their Bistro. It was nice to come down every morning and be greeted most pleasantly. The breakfasts were standard fare but very good.The hotel was most convenient to the Quarter with almost everything within easy walking distance. What wasn't in easy walking distance was convenient to the bus or streetcar line.Would I stay there again? You bet your life!!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel i set up a trip for 7 people for mywife's birthday and the staff could not have been nicerthe hotel was wonderfulvery close to bourbon street, yet it was very much a step above hotels in the areai highly recommend this wonderful scenic quaint hotelit has an intimate feel yet they are able to deliver like a big generic hotel for the necessitieswe will be back!!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Return Trip a Must! My husband and I stayed here on our honeymoon and are currently planning our return trip! It was wonderful! Dominiques was great, loved the location, can't say enough!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Worth It!! We would not recommend this hotel! Overall, hotel needed a cleaning and attention to details!! Our room had furniture in need of desperate replacement. Chairs had large holes in the upholstery and wood finish on furniture was peeling off. Room was not clean, room service trays were left in the hallway for days, and bathroom drains were plugged. Yes, the courtyard was nice but we don鈥檛 sleep there! Sometimes you don鈥檛 get what you pay for!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Place to Stay I was best man at a friends weekend wedding staged at this nice hotel in New Orleans. The wedding planner was great and the food at Dominque's wonderful. It was a nice small ceremony in a private court yard with a very interesting officiant who does weddings in New Orleans, a Rev. Schwehm. The rooms and service were very good. It was such a nice way to do a wedding.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware! Be very careful when you book a room at the Maison DuPuy. If you cancel your reservation less than 30 days before your stay you still get charged for one night, even if they are able book the room. To me, that's highway robbery, even in a place of such loose morals as New Orleans.   
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful First let me say the hotel is great and the staff is more than helpful especially front desk with Wayne, Brad and David whom all were wonderul and did what they could to make your stay even more wonderful, also the bell staff with Rodney and Ronnie who are the utmost professional bellmen i have ever seen and very knowledgable, the restaurant was superb and yes the rooms are some what small but hey your in the quarte what you expect? the way i look at it if you are expecting a ritz carlton room then go tothe ritz butif you want a cozy and romantic place go here. the courtyard is to die for and makes you just want to pass the time away sitting in the courtyard. overall i will be back and letyour experience speak for itself not what others think. try it and you will see most of the negative feedback is not true.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Other reviews to harsh First I would like to say take all the bad reviews with a grain of salt. it seems that most where written by people that expected the Ritz and got more of a holiday inn.Another good piece of advice is to get a room with a balcony other wise you will not be happy. i just got back from my vacation of 5 night 6 days at this hotel and I was not disappointed in the least. Sure the bistro and restaurant are a big expensive and room service as well but who really eats in the hotel anyway? The room was smaller but that鈥檚 the quarter for you, the feel you got was you where part of the town not so much a visitor in the town, when you look out your window (if you have a street view) you see houses no the streets of bourbon where i can be quite loud all the time. The location was pretty close to everything and was far enough to where you could have a quite night.The staff at the front desk was all right, but it seemed like the rest of the staff was very nice and helpful. The room was taken care of daily, and yes the do not disturb signs do work if you use them correctly.Other then a local feel, and a good location and a nice courtyard. that鈥檚 really all i came to expect from this hotel and that鈥檚 what it delivered.If you expect super room service and really bend over backwards service and mega rooms there is a Ritz Carlton just off canal give that a try.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cant wait to return We have just returned from a 5 night stay at the Maison Dupuy- me, my husband, sister and brother in law - and have to say that we had an excellent stay! Hotel staff were very friendly, food was very good, rooms were well kept. We really enjoyed the pool, sat there in the evening after a night out and found it to be really relaxing. We also found it to be just that little away from bourbon street so it was lovely and quiet after the hustle and bustle!! Would definitely recommend it and we will be returning. Very nice surroundings. On the first night of our stay there was a wedding party there but an 10 pm it all finished. We enjoyed watching the event and found it didnt interfer with us at all!   
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overpriced and underdelivered My husband and I are were on our annual getaway trip to New Orleans and had decided to try a boutique hotel in the French Quarter this time. I was so excited with what I had seen on the Mason Dupuy's website and just knew that this was going to be a very special place. But, I was so mistaken and so disappointed with the results of our stay. When we arrived, there was no bell boy to help us with our baggage. Then, when we arrived to our room, we were both expecting something special and what we walked into was an unclean, poorly decorated room. When I went to brush my teeth, we discovered that the sink was stopped up. So, I went to call the front desk and discovered that the phone in our room wasn't working and it was filthy. We could dial out, but we couldn't dial the front desk. So, I had to dial outside to get the front desk and the phone rang and rang, with no answer. So, we walked down to the front desk to report on the phone and the sink. Thanfkfully, when we returned from the town later that night, the sink had been fixed, but the phone hadn't. The next problem we encountered was a dripping from the ceiling into the bathtub. It was sort of like a clock ticking and didn't bother me too bad, but when it was quiet at night, it could sort of drive you a little crazy listening to it. But, we knew that wasn't something that could be easily fixed while we were there, so we just tried to ignore it. But, then there were the faucets in the bath tub. After a cold shower, I finally figured out that the faucets had been rigged wrong. The hot was cold and vice versa. The second day that we were there, we came home after a long day out on the town to find that our room had not been cleaned at all. Why, I don't know. The beds were unmade, there were no replacement towels...nothing. Call me picky, but we paid close to $200 dollars a night and we've had cleaner hotel stays in the past for under $100. This was a complete disappointment to us. The only good point to our stay is that we were in close proximity to Bourbon street and the places that we love to visit in the French Quarter. Don't get me wrong, the Mason Dupey has the potential of being a very beautiful place if someone would watch over it and maintain it properly. Unfortunately though, we won't stay here again. It's too much of a gamble for what we paid. Hate to break the bad news, but do hope that others have had and will have a better stay, than ours. :(  
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing! Our stay at this hotel was the only disappointing this about our trip. The room we booked through bigeasy was a standard room, a.k.a. tiny! The windows didn't open, the a/c misfunctional, the remote control was m.i.a. The next room we got upgraded to, was larger and had a nice balcony which was built directly over the loading dock for the restaurant so we enjoyed 6am wake up calls from the trucks backing in. The staff spoke friendly but never looked cheerful. We had additional problems with the bathtub and apparently the housekeepers since my book mysteriously disappeared. Although it was close to Bourbon, it was far from everything else. It was relatively clean though and the restaurants were good. If you are on a strict budget, it isn't horrible.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thedreamjeannie
<Content>No problems here! We(my boyfriend and I) just came back from a first time trip in New Orleans. A friend of mine recommended the Maison DuPuy because she had stayed there. It was convenient to Bourbon street and all that. We felt safe walking around at night AND we enjoyed a quiet, restful nights sleep each night. We used the pool and the hot tub-nice and clean! The little bar/restaurant was good and the waitress was extremely helpful. She told us where to get the Best mufalettas. As far as room service...who cares? Your in New Orleans! Go out to eat!!I like a clean, quiet place to stay with friendly staff. Fringe benefits and posh atmosphere aren't that important to me...so, if that's what you're looking for-this is a good bet.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lindabarber
<Content>Lovely Courtyard View Away from the Crowds! I thoroughly reviewed all the hotels in New Orleans and I found this hotel listed in Frommer's as a good selection. If you want to be away from Bourbon street but still in the Quarter and close enough to walk to everything there, then this is a perfect location. We had a great view of the courtyard which is delightful with a huge fountain, lots of greenery, and a nice pool. If you are looking for period furnishings, you would not want to stay here, but I found the furnishings above average. All these people who rant about cleanliness in New Orleans need to go somewhere else. New Orleans is real and gritty and old. If you like squeaky clean new, go somewhere else - Norway or Sweden maybe! We loved it here. The only negative is that there are a lot of wedding conducted in the courtyard or if you like to see weddings, I guess that might be a positive. Sometimes the music can be a bit loud, but the management requires all parties to be finished by 11pm, i believe. Anyway, check with them before you come, if you do not want to compete for the courtyard with wedding guests.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dakotapie
<Content>Great Location, but needs a thorough cleaning We stayed here for 3 nights in mid-February, during Carnival season (our other 3 nights were at Loft 523). The location was great for the festivities. In fact, if it wasn't for the location and the great price we got from **** I would have been thoroughly disappointed. We arrived at the hotel to check in, only to stand there for 10 minutes while two people ceremoniously ignored us. Upon checking in, our non-smoking room reaked of stale tobacco. We did have a small window overlooking the courtyard, so that was a plus. Unfortunately, the window didn't open so there was nothing to do to remove the smell. Upon climbing into bed on the first night, we found a toenail in the bed. Yes, a toenail. The rest of our room wasn't much cleaner. I'm not sure it had been dusted in years and their vacuuming was subpar, at best. The worst is that every morning at 8:30 a.m., the cleaning woman would bang on our door to come in and clean. Given that our room was never very clean, I'm not sure it was all that called for. The bed was hard, the pillows were harder and the linens were the scratchiest I've ever encountered. Checking out was the best part of staying here. The whole time I wished we would have just stayed at Loft 523, even though the location wasn't as desireable.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kcw732
<Content>charming hotel in the french quarter The Maison Dupuy is a charming hotel. My fiance and I stayed there for a conference in New Orleans. Among the positives about the Maison Dupuy: very quiet location away from the ruckus of Bourbon St although walking distances to the major attractions of the FQ, beautiful courtyard and nice view of it from the room, extremely quiet room (i.e. thick walls), and overall nice ambience. Some of the negatives about the hotel: relatively pricey (maybe all new orleans hotels are really expensive), the bed linen were very worn (had holes in them), the shower pressure was pathetic, and the front desk staff was not exactly friendly (i had booked a room with a single king bed, and i was given a room with two doubles... the front staff curtly dismissed my request to change rooms, but it really didn't matter much after all.) Overall, i wouldn't mind staying at the maison dupuy again, but most likely look around for a better deal at a similar boutique hotel in new orleans next time.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location-close but quiet At the beginning of the Mardi Gras season, it was a blessing to be withing close walking range to everywhere in the quarter and to the warehouse district and streetcar line, but this hotel, 2 blocks from Bourbon St. in an area of residences,was very quiet and peaceful and had a lovely courtyard and friendly staff. Althjough other reviews made much of its closeness to Rampart St., it is not something you have to walk on and we felt safe walking to our destinations.The room was fair but the location can't be beat  
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>elegant, relaxing, elegant hotel. courtyard, pool, appetizers, drinks and jacuzzi fantastic after attending jazz fest all day. lovely courtyard dining and elegant restaurant dining with impressive, expensive wine list. early evening they ran out of towels at the pool and didn't get any for an hour later. balcony rooms, courtyard view, much better. served meal, on balcony, wonderful, except wrought iron chairs without cushions not very comfortable, till I placed my pillow there. staff very friendly, very helpful in arrangements for tours and jazz fest info. maid left her cleaning utensils in second room, I was in. and they never came to get them..second room, smaller. balcony rooms are the best overlooking the courtyard. they are much bigger also. area starting to be a little run down..constructions going on during day, restorations.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SZ
<Content>definitely worth the money Our room was lovely and there was absolutely nothing wrong with it. Windows that don't open are not that surprising in this day and age. I always request a smoking room and was impressed by how well it ventilated. Even I want a room that has most traces of smoke removed afterwards. The staff and services were fine. We really enjoyed getting our first cup of coffee from the lobby area each morning and sipping it out in the courtyard before heading off to the Cafe du Monde. Monday through Thursday prices are very reasonable but jump up considerably on the weekend. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wasn't all it was cracked up to be... I wasn't thoroughly impressed with this hotel, especially considering the price. As stated by other users, the lobby, courtyard and restuarant were all beautiful, but our room was subpar. Our window didn't open, which was annoying, and the decor generally matched that of a Holiday Inn. The staff was generally not very friendly, minus one extremely exuberant bellman named Marvin. We were twice (at checkout and then again later when I checked my credit card statement) charged for the minibar, which we didn't even touch. The location was, of course, prime. So just not exactly what I was expecting.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChristineIsola
<Content>Great Time in the Big Easy My husband and I took a weekend getaway from the kids in New Orleans. Never staying in a boutique hotel before, we were a bit nervous. But once we checked in at the beautifully decorated front desk and greeted by a friendly staff person we were completely relaxed. Upon arriving in our room, again we were pleasantly surprised with the big room and nice view of the courtyard. We will be back.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Website misleading. Disappointed. Website is misleading. If you are expecting the fancy red brocade of the pictures- you will be disappointed. There is nothing special about this hotel. I have stayed at Motel 6's with nicer decor. We were very excited about it after seeing the website and felt let down when we arrived. We had requested a balcony/ non smoking and were put in a smoking room with no balcony. When I called to be switched the man at the desk huffed and puffed before moving us. We were then moved to another room with no balcony. I requested a balcony when I called to book and was not informed that it was 1st come 1st serve. I also called to confirm the day before our arrival and double checked that we had a balcony and the reservationist did not tell us that we may not have one. I would have switched to a different hotel that guaranteed what I asked for. Our dirty dished and room service tray sat in the hallway for two days until someone finally cleaned it up. The most disturbing thing was that even with our Do Not Disturb tag on the door, twice employees just walked into our room without knocking.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mmz
<Content>Bad experience Nice lobby but when we got to our room there was an overwhelming smell of chloringe that did not fully dissipate over 2 days. Windows did not open so we had to leave room for hotel staff to use an ozone filter. That ruined our planned eveining. With constant weddings (3 a day) it was noisy and staff left food trays and garbage in the halls for over 8 hours until I complained. I would not stay there again  
<Date>Nov 27, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Little Hotel I stayed at the Maison, and like a previous writer here, became a little unsettled about the negative reviews here. NOT to worry a bit! I have to admit, I was VERY nervous when I left the highway to get to the hotel, as it is right around the corner from a 'not so very nice' area, but, not to worry here either. The hotel is completely safe. (Then again, there are seveal 'dicey' areas throughout the French Quarter that one shouldn't walk alone). The hotel is quite clean and beautifully decorated...not ornate or over the top, but just charming. The patio is very well maintained. The pool (too cold to use it because of the weather) was small but appeared clean and well maintained. The staff was very acommodating and extremely warm  friendly. And, although a bit pricey, the location can't be beat.the edge of the FQ, within walking distance to everything and a very brief taxi ride away from Harrah's and the Warehouse district. My only complaint was the telephone did not work when I checked in, but was cheerfully fixed within 10 minutes of my request. I have to say, I have found my 'Home away from home' when staying in New Orleans.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Time After we booked the hotel, we read a few scare stories in various reviews, Old Hotel, Run Down Area, Dirty Pool, In a Bad Area etc.Its great to say that none of them are true.... The hotel is very pleasant with our room being large and airy, my only minor complaint is that the bathroom, although well appointed was quite small. The staff throughout the hotel were extremley pleasant and helpful. The hotel is in just the right area, about 200 yards north of Bourbon Street, close enough that you can enjoy the atmosphere in the evening, but far enough away that you can get a good nights sleep without being disturbed by the sound of the revellers. The pool is clean and in a quiet courtyard, with only the odd leaf floating in it, which is only to be expected when it is shaded by trees. The area is no better or worse that any other part of New Orleans, although it is clear that should you wander out of the French Quarter, you may find yourself in undesirable locations. The pavements could do with a bit of work, but then the whole area is very old.All in all we were very impressed with the Hotel and the French Quarter and would recommmend both to anyone wishing to visit the city.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mediocre for the Ritzy Price From judging the pictures on the website, I was expecting a cleaner and grander hotel. While the lobby is beautiful, the bar and restaurant very good, I found the rooms to be outdated and dirty. There were mold/mildew stains on the walls, wallpaper peeling and the maid service never replaced the soap/shampoo. One evening, after coming in late, my boyfriend and I noticed a piece of cutlery in the hallway which stayed there for 2 days. All in all the hotel was fine but not for the exorbitant price we paid.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2003
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Maison DuPuy The Maison DuPuy is an older, rather historic hotel. It is very lovely, although in need of repairs. The restaurant was way to expensive, e.g., a full dinner ran from $45.00+, excluding dessert.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel We loved our stay here! After reading all of the reviews we were a little unsure of our choice, but once we got there we could not have asked for more! The people were extreamly helpful, and willing to do whatever was needed to make our stay an enjoyable one! It is close to everything but still far enough to get away from it too. I strongly recomend a room with a patio and the courtyard view (close to the fountian)  
<Date>Aug 19, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Valerie07
<Content>Other reviews scared me I planned a long weekend in late June this year, and booked the Maision Dupuy going only by the hotel's description on the internet. After the reservations were made and we had our flight arrangements, I then looked at this website for reviews of this particular hotel. Since I planned the trip for my boyfriend's birthday, and a close friend of mine was joining us, I became extremely scared about what I was reading. I explained to both of them that I wasn't sure exactly what I just book. Luckily, when I arrived at the hotel, I was EXTREMELY surprised. Not only were the people very helpful and pleasant, but the hotel was very nice! We happened to be there when Tropical storm Bill stopped by for a visit. Because our flights were cancelled on the day that we were to leave, we did not hesitate to turn right around and book another night at this hotel. (The staff was also VERY helpful on this short notice - even gave us 2 free upgrades!). My point is to not let reviews of this particular hotel freighten you - the place, people, and atmosphere are wonderful.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>average We stayed at the Maison Dupuy for our honeymoon in the first week of May. Our room was average but did not have a balcony. The front desk ladies were very helpful and knowledgeable.It is about 2 blocks from bourbon st which was the best part because the noise and the smell of bourbon were just out of range.It is also not too far from cafe du monde, jackson square, and other attractions.The neighborhood was a bit seedy however, every neighborhood around bourbon is that way.All in all, it was worth the money - we used a discount coupon book and got the room for $99 a night - cant beat that price in N.O.PS - if you go to NO, you MUST eat at Deanies - the best meal for you buck! most of the restaraunts were pricey for what they offered but Deanies provided ample amounts of great food!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not even a courtyard balcony helped. The location of this hotel is in an area that feels like it has gone downhill. The rooms (were we shown 3) are tired, soiled, and had mold and mildew problems. Quite a few items in the room were broken. It had the feel and look of a highway motel. Not the same image as the internet photos!  
<Date>May 24, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>elgogo34
<Content>sejour professionnel de qualit茅       vue de la cour interieure  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	3	3	

