<Author>dwtn
<Content>Excellent Value Stayed with family at the Inn (not Suites) in December 08. Ideal place for us, who (A) had a car (free parking) , (B) did not want or need to stay in Union Square or other more traditional tourist areas and (C) wanted something economical.Highs:* Great location in the Marina, near restaurants and a number of shops one block away on Chestnut St.* Very reasonable prices (we paid less than $100/nt) and as mentioned, free parking (refrigerator is another $5)* Free wifi* Spacious room, with bathtubLows:* Perhaps it was a bad couple of days but the people working the desk that we dealt with seemed very unhappy (or just tired?) -- not unprofessional at all, just seemed very down.* Strong smell of marijuana smoke in one of the hallways -- thankfully not near our room -- for most of the time we were there.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Fabricio80
<Content>Nice Hotel This is a very nice hotel. I stayed there in December with my girlfriend and we had a wonderful time. The place is very clean, the front desk are really nice and the location is the best, with a lot of good restaurants near and also bus stops.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>LondonJude
<Content>Great choice! Great Location, in the charming Marina District. Good sized room, clean and well maintained. Helpful reception desk staff - we asked and got a quiet room. Plenty of good restaurants around and the Marina is only 10 minutes walk away. Would definitely return.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>BDPHD
<Content>Holy Cow! We booked the Cow Hollow motor inn due to its Marina location and price for our first time trip to San Francisco. We arrived 3 hours prior to check-in due to our early flight arrival, and there was a room available for us immediately! The staff was courteous and helpful all the time throughout our stay.The room was functional: nothing incredibly fancy, but clean and comfortable. The television was small, but we did not visit San Fran to watch TV in our hotel room. The room itself was very large by big city standards! The neighborhood is a hip, fun part of town with a number of little bistros, shops, and restaurants. The restaurant in the hotel is open for breakfast and lunch, and is worth at least one visit. I highly recommend walking one block to Home Plate which has amazing food!The location is some distance from many of the more touristy sections of town. There is free parking at the hotel, although we did not rent a car for the stay (you would not want to try parking down in Fisherman's Wharf anyways). The hotel is conveniently located near two bus lines (both within one block's walk). The 30 MUNI bus runs down to Fisherman's Wharf and then through Chinatown and Downtown. It's about a 10 minute ride to the wharf, and maybe 20 minutes to downtown. The buses run late into the night, but be sure to leave plenty of time to get to your destination riding the bus.We will certainly be willing to stay at the Cow Hollow Motor Inn again. Next time, I believe we will rent a car to use it as a base to explore Napa, etc., but a car is certainly not required in SF!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>kendraSolihull
<Content>Great Marina Location My husband and I stayed in this great hotel for our first four nights of a round the world trip. On site parking was a bonus. Our room was spacious and very clean with everything we needed. We really appreciated the fre WIFI. The location was great, with numerous fantastic neighbourhood bars and restaurants around the corner on Chestnut Street - we particularly recommend Mamacitas mexican for fantastic food. We walked to Pier 39 several times through the park by Fort Mason - lovely views of both the Golden Gate Bridge and the bay area. We also walked up Lombard Street (and I mean UP it's quite a hill!) to the cable car stop and caught the cable car into into Chinatown and Union Square.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>broadwood24
<Content>Great motel This is a well located motel close to many attractions San Francisco has to offer and is very easy to reach. The car park is huge, the check in was quick and easy and the rooms very large with large bathrooms and plenty of hanging space and drawers.There is tea and coffee making facilities in the room , TV ,air con and double glazing. The rooms were extremely clean and well maintained. There is no breakfast but within the same building is an excellent cafe on the ground floor open for breakfast and lunch. For internet users there is internet access, or for those without a laptop, a three minute walk into Fillmore Street is an internet cafe.We will definitely stay at his motel on our next trip.The rate was $135 per day plus tax.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>saldana75
<Content>Another enjoyable weekend! This is the 2nd time that we stayed at the Cow Hollow during the San Francisco Blues Festival. Once again, we enjoyed our stay.We booked (3) rooms. Our room faced Steiner and was very large and well appointed. As one of the other reviewers said, you have everything that you can ask for.We had actually requested a refrigerator ($5) a day - for our stay and were able to stock the drinks for our group of travelers.For about the first couple of hours after our arrival - we just sat by the window and took it all in. I agree with others - Mel's was good for breakfast. Izzy's was great. Both my husband and I had prime rib and were happy. We also ventured over to Cha Cha Cha's on Haight - Friday night for a wild party of sangria and tapas. This really is fun!The only problem is the noise, but I ALWAYS bring earplugs - realizing that I'm in a city.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>LuLuCotswoldsUK
<Content>Great Place to stay Set on Lombard Street this motel was ideal for our three night stay.We requested a room in a quiet location preferably with a view and we got it with the Golden Gate in the distance.Parking is at a premium in San Francisco but there seems to be adequate hereThe room cleanliness excellent. The bed so comfortable.Right opposite the Inn was a Mels diner which is great for quick good food.The Wharf Area is a good walk away but easily accessible.Don't be put off by the name as I was initially!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>hwtraveller
<Content>Delivers everything it promises! I was very pleased with the Cow Hollow Motor Inn.I've given it 5 stars, not because it's a stylish 'destination hotel' (it's not!), but because it delivers really well on everything it promises and was a very comfortable, good value place to stay.Our room was very spacious and sunny. Bed was big and comfy with nice sheets; bathroom was big and very clean; parking was free and directly below hotel, and we had a nice view out over the city. Decor wasn't my personal taste (quite old-fashioned, little bit of chintz) but was pleasant. Our room faced out over busy Lombard Street but with the window shut we weren't bothered at all by traffic noise.Best thing is the location in Marina/Cow Hollow area. Really nice restaurants on your doorstep (try Bistro Aix round the corner on Steiner - mmmmm). You are also between two great shopping areas, Union Street and Chestnut Street (both full of cafes, restaurants, nice shops and boutiques). Generally the area is quite affluent, busy, lots of younger people, very safe and welcoming feeling. Number 30 bus connects you very quickly with most main tourist areas.I think that overall the Cow Hollow offers really good value in a nice location.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>moonlight12
<Content>Great price and comfortable       room  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>LovesToTravelCA
<Content>A pleasant surprise! We stayed 3 nights at the Cow Hollow Motor Inn. We liked this hotel. The rooms are large and very clean. Although the room faced Lombard St. the noise was dampened by two things: Upon check-in the lady at the desk offered us ear-plugs (free of charge), and we turned on the fan in the room. The hotel has free parking which was critical for us, since we were driving. The location is very good with great public transportation, which we used all the time while going to the museums and other city attractions.The front desk staff is excptionally helpful.All in all - highly recommended for location and price.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	-1	1	

<Author>travelteach
<Content>Great Hotel We just returned from three nights at the Cow Hollow Motor Inn. We had a corner room with two queens facing Lombard. The room was VERY clean .We weren't bothered by the street traffic as we just turned the fan on to help drown it out. The room was nice and roomy for 4 adult size people. It had a nice area in the bay window part with a table and 2 chairs. We ate at both Mels, across the street and the Bay Watch, right next door. We were very pleased with the unusual selection at the Bay Watch for breakfast. The only complaint I had was I didn't realize until we checked out that we could have rented a refrigerator for $5.00 a night. If we had been told that upon check in we could have saved the $40.00 per day we spent on breakfast and cooled our own drinks. Also they charge $4.00 per person to call a shuttle to the airport for you. I would suggest calling your own shuttle to see if you could save the $4.00 per person. We then had to pay the shuttle driver $10.00 per person. So keep that in mind when making arrangements to get to the airport.I would definitely recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Anne
<Content>Cozy Cow Hollow My husband and 4 teenaged girls stayed at the Cow Hollow Inn for a weekend early in Aug. We booked three rooms. The motor inn was suggested to us by a San Francisco native - turned out to be a great choice. Good: Reasonably priced - includes FREE parking, rooms were good sized.Great location - easy to pick up buses, near the water, great little shops and restaurants within walking distance.Staff was uniformly terrific - answered every question with care. Free Wifi.Bad: It's a motel - the view from our room was the inside wall of the next building.On balance, I would absolutely stay there again. The Home Plate, a block or so from the Inn was wonderful for breakfast, and Aix Bistro around the corner was a lovely place for dinner.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>4bwp
<Content>Certainly not Luxurious but Definitely Clean and Functional This motel is exactly as other reviewers explained it so there were no surprises. It is what it is.Pros: Price - reasonable. Large room. Basic bathroom with  surprisingly nice towels. Clean. Quiet air conditioning - no clunking noise. Great location for Chestnut,  Union and Fillmore Streets. Convenient parking.Cons: Bed was comfortable but no euro-bedding or pillowtop mattress. Staff was neither rude nor  friendly.I guess I'd describe it as a 1960's style motel, but like most visitors, I only slept there and wasn't looking for a great hotel experience. That can be had on Union Square, but then you're in a whole different atmosphere. I was there to visit family who live in the Marina District so it was the perfect choice.You can't beat it for the price, size and location. Just know you're not getting a luxury hotel, but you are getting a clean basic one.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>logansrun
<Content>SF with kids We live in CA but wanted to spend 2 days in SF. We had stayed at Cow Hollow many years ago but w/o kids. This time we had our 8 year old son. We had room #336 which looks out to a balcony and so was quieter as not on street side. From the window you could actually see the golden gate bridge which was cool considering this is a very basic, no thrills hotel. The window can be opened with no safety latch....so not recommended for those with toddlers or kids who might lean out as it is a long way down. They should do something about that. The room was clean and spacious and for the money is a good deal in SF. The Best thing is you can park your car for free if registered guest. The parking lot isn't just what you see so you must check in at the desk first. We parked our car and didn't drive again until we left. You can catch the #30 bus one block down to get to various places including Fisherman's Wharf and its only $1.50 for adults and $.50 for kids (what a bargain). But beware of strange characters on the bus if your kids aren't used to seeing that sort of thing. Our son wasn't but I figured it was a learning experience. With kids - there is Mel's dinner across the street, a pizza place on the corner, and an IHOP down the street. Without kids - adults - there are some cool restaurants on Chestnut Street just one block down. So why spend a lot to stay at Fisherman's Wharf? Only if you want a hotel room with frills, breakfast, etc. If you want to save your money for souvenirs and museums - stay here.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Californiation
<Content>Excellent! We arrived in San Francisco after rush hour, easy to find with our Tom-Tom, right on Lombard. It's a great place unless you are looking for a posh-over-priced harbour place. Highly recommend this place, will stay here again if we ever make it back to San Francisco. Book it before they run out of rooms for the summer tourist season! Don't even bother looking elsewhere!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TuckerCA
<Content>'Til the Cows Come Home... Went to SF for Bay to Breakers... thus the partying 'til the cows come home! :) Cow Hollow was a great central place to stay - 10 block walk to the Van Ness Muni buses, 12 blocks (plus a steep hill) to the cable cars. On a sunny day, the room had a slight view of the Golden Gate Bridge (if you stood in the right place and craned your neck while balencing on one foot). The bed was comfy, the room was of good size, the shower was good pressure and tall enough, and everything was clean. It's basic but the good kind of basic. Plus, parking was free! Only drawback - not enough towels, but they were happy to give us extras when we asked.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>UtahTravel36
<Content>Great hotel We stayed for two nights at the hotel with our small children. The front desk clerks were always very friendly over the phone. I was pleasantly surprised on arrival to find the small lobby in the garage so well decorated. The hotel itself is much more lovely on the inside than I expected.We had a double double-bed room, which was too small for what we needed, but it was all that was left. It was clean and pretty and mostly quiet. The beds were slightly hard, but we slept well both nights. The location was fine...we hadn't stayed in the marina district before and found it full of energy and life. The bus system is easy to use and we found our way to where we needed to be without much trouble. It wasn't within walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf or other touristy locations for our children, so we were glad for public transit. And hooray for free parking...that was one of the main reasons we looked at the property, and it made a big difference in our choice.I'd highly recommend Cow Hollow.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>coulass
<Content>Perfecet for us! Came in for a family wedding. Lots of rooms were booked for us at this hotel. It was perfect and easy. Great location and the front desk is very helpful. Will definately stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>dancingpoodles
<Content>Very Good Excellent Cow Hollow location on Lombard Street. Easy, safe walking to Chestnut St bus lines (#30) via Fillmore Street, Chestnut St and Union St. shopping and restaurants, as well as to the Palace of Fine Arts and Marina. Clean, beautifully decorated hotel. Interior hallways with lovely wall papers and newer carpet. Traditional decorating and design...mouldings, chair rails, plaids etc. We stayed in a deluxe king room on the third floor in the back with a perfect view of the Golden Gate Bridge. Lombard is very busy with fast moving traffic...I wouldn't stay on the side fronting Lombard...definite noise issue on that side of hotel. Request city or bay view in the back, away from Lombard. Interior, secure elevator. Clean, spacious, and safe underground parking. Room was spacious, beautifully furnished, restful color designs, excellent condition. Soda machine on third floor malfunctioned (took money...a lot of it, but didn't dispense soda, broken coin return).Housekeeping will not replace towels or linen daily, unless requested. Be sure to ask for enough shampoo and soap. Otherwise, lovely and well cared for hotel. Professional and friendly staff at the desk. However, one young lady at the hotel desk appeared unfamiliar with public transportation to and from the airport and should probably familiarize herself with those various routes and choices i.e. bart, bus, shuttles etc. to assist guests in that regard. Otherwise, perfect service.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>dstrukt
<Content>Great location, price, room, etc.... We booked a west coast adventure. San Francisco to LA to Las Vegas. I really wish we could have brought the Cow Hollow along for the rest of the trip. Clean, comfortable and in a great location. Great parking too! Can't wait to return.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	-1	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>travelingengr
<Content>Great location This hotel is in a great location. It is in a beautiful area with lots of restaurants and shopping, and within walking distance to the marina. If you're in shape, you can also walk to the Palace of Fine Arts and Golden Gate Bridge. The hotel offers free parking. The rooms are clean, but unless you get the right room they can be very noisy. If you want quiet, I recommend asking for an inside room on a higher floor. The rooms are large but beds are average quality. They also offer free wi-fi. Overall, it's a very good deal for the price.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jam7204429
<Content>Perfect Place to Stay My husband and I stayed here over president's day weekend. I booked based on the reviews here on trip advisor and for the excellent price and was definitely not disappointed. The room was extremely spacious and very clean - as was the bathroom. The staff was friendly and I love that they have a parking garage with plenty of parking. We already love the area around the hotel - Chestnut street has so many little gems and it's also a easy walk to the waterfront. Everything was in easy walking distance from the hotel, including lots of good restaurants and shops and a little market. The only downside I can think of was that we had a city view room, which meant it faced Lombard street which is incredibly noisy. However, the noise never bothered us and we slept like babies every night we were there. Maybe this could bother other people though?We would definitely stay there again and probably will next year when we return to San Francisco.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Luv2travel118
<Content>Will return to Cow Hollow. The room was very clean and comfortable. Hanging above the desk was a beautiful chandelier which gave the room a very nice touch. We had a room in the back of the building so there was absolutely no street noise. The bathroom was very clean and the in-room coffee was good. Staff was friendly. There are many small restaurants, coffee shops and a Walgreens around the corner. Very convenient! Will come back.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lmarkman
<Content>Great location at reasonable prices Cow Hollow Motor Inn offers spacious, attractive rooms in a great location for a reasonable price. It's only a few blocks from the Embarcadero. There are many interesting restaurants and shops in walking distance and you can catch a bus which will take you to China Town or Fisherman's Wharf right around the corner.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>sandysloop
<Content>Very Plain Jane Hotel Cow Hollow received good reviews so thought would give it a try. A very plain hotel with few amenites. No lobby, just an office in the parking garage. No concierge, so you're totally on your own. Hotel room and bathroom were both very large, and there was a coffee maker but no fridge. We brought pizza in one night, and I saved a piece for breakfast and it was covered in ants the next morning! YUK The price was reasonable but more than our nicer hotel in Union Square. Parking was free, however, which was why we stayed there as we had picked up a rental car to explore the redwoods and sausilito area north of Golden Gate. We were on the first floor (really the second as the entire first floor is a parking garage) and the traffic was verry loud. I t woke me up several times a night. I liked the area better than downtown. It reminded me a bit of the left bank in paris...lots of tiny little restaurants and shops...and also some bigger stores. If I go back to San Fran, I will stay in this (marina) district again as I like the atmosphere there the best. Dont think I will stay at the cow hollow though.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SacramentoOscar
<Content>Great bang for your buck! We'ver been going to Cow Hollow for years. Great location in the Marina, on Lombard. One block from Chestnut, three blocks from Union Street. Literally dozens of good restaurants within comfortable walking distance. Here's the most important: their prices are very reasonable, e.g., a king bed, large room for around $90 plus 14% tax. Free parking.My wife and I usually reserve a two-bedroom suite with another couple, around $325 total, and get a great place to entertain in San Francisco. The suite has an expansive living/dinning area. The kitchen is on the smaller size, but adequate for wine and snacks before dinner entertaining. We have been going there for a number of years and have not had a bad experience. I prefer this type of neighborhood hotel because of their location and pricing. Enjoy!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>exkidder
<Content>Safe, convenient, good value but with shortcomings. We have been staying here, and the other two in the area operated by the same owner, The Coventry and The Chelsea, since 1981. Generally speaking, the premises are well-maintained and the rooms, especially the bathrooms,, are neat and clean. Several years ago a desk and internet access were added, replacing a table and two chair arrangement. This leaves the room without a really comfortable place to sit and relax, read, etc. Within the easy, and safe, walking distance of a couple of blocks or so, are a myriad of small cafes and bars. A tmovie theater, Walgreens, coffee houses, etc. We leave the car parked and take the bus from the stop just around the corner into the downtown area. 20-30 minutes and you are in the heart of town without worrying about a place to park. The bottom line is that this is not a luxury establishment but it is a darn good value. If you like the high-rise downtown atmosphere, with dining rooms, bars and clubs in-house and don't mind paying the extra $100-$200 for the ambience, then this is not the place for you. If the opposite is true, I think you will be happy at Cow Hollow. Safe, secure clean and comfortable  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MazC
<Content>Cow Hollow - Really Good Value We stayed 5 nights at Cow Hollow on our first visit to San Francisco and were delighted with the accommodation which proved to be excellent value for money. The room was a good size, certainly much larger than several medium rated hotels we have used in London this year. It is about 30 mins comfortable walk from Fisherman's Wharf but if you don't fancy the exercise then the area is well served with public transport. There are also many varied eating places within easy walking distance - special recommendation is the Baywatch Restaurant next door which serves the most fantastic breakfasts.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>mmin
<Content>Cow Hollow very run down/rude front desk We have stayed at the Cow Hollow for several years. The past two years it has really gone down hill. The service at the front desk has always been horrible. They are just down right rude. If you ask for anything specific, backside room, king, etc., they say they will honor it. Most of the time that is ignored.Also, the street noise is increasingly horrible. I have always had a noise machine, but even that did not help this time.I am looking elsewhere for the next trip. Too bad, they used to do a better job. The rooms are very rundown now. Desks with no lamps, bathtubs with no stoppers. They are full because the price is good, but not worth being tired and exasperated for the whole trip.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Willem_ter_Haar
<Content>Very decent budget-motel For the tired traveller who just got of the plane and has a rental car that he needs to stall, this is just the place. Don't expect anything fancy, the rooms are just standard. Rooms are clean, staff is friendly and the location is quite good. In Steinerstreet there is a good Irish pub to eat, and a very busy Amici pizza-restaurant that must be doing good business.It is nice to walk down Chestnut Ave and to the Bay it is a 10 minute walk. My partner and I were satisfied.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>caffeinebee
<Content>Great Location I've stayed here several times. The location is great. Right by restaurants, public transportation, and shopping. Short, pleasant walk to Ghiradelli Square and Fisherman's Wharf. Helpful staff, free parking. For the price, I can't think of anything else that I would expect from a hotel that we haven't found at Cow Hollow.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>tripleringed
<Content>Moovvve on over! The Cow Hollow Motor Inn and Suites is in SFCA! I was back in SFCA after having been there four years ago and decided to stay at a place I had stayed at before only to discover that the place had gone downhill. I wanted to stay in the Presidio area of SF it is the best part of the city in my opinion. I went to my local AAA office and asked about a clean, comfortable and most importantly affordable motel/inn in the immediate area and they gave me the name of the Cow Hollow and The Chelsea Inn and a few others in the area owned by the same company. I walked around to a few only to go back to the Cow Hollow, I guess because the name was wicked kool also! All, I can say is that I was not disappointed and my stay was saved in large part because of my stay at the Cow Hollow Motor Inn and Suites. The rooms were very clean spacious and for the price very reasonable for SF, I thought. I would highly recommend and suggest that anyone wanting a clean comfortable stay in a trendy part of SFCA that they look-up the Cow Hollow or any of there sister hotels, they even have one in Napa /Sonoma wine country. They were awesome.....Thanks guys and Thanks SF it was great!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MaidenV0yager
<Content>Good Value for Money We stayed for 10 days on a sightseeing trip and found the location perfect, just near enough to take the bus into the centre of San Francisco but being in a smart area with restaurants and cafes for eating out in the evening and grabbing a coffee first thing. The inn is located on quite a busy street but we didn't find the traffic noise disturbing and out the back was a large car park which seemed empty most of the time, the hustle and bustle of the restaurants was just around the corner so very handy for the evening but not noisy!The rooms were very spacious and the maid service was excellent each day. The staff were helpful and friendly and booked us our car hire and also our shuttles to return to the airport.If visiting again I would stay here as it was good value for money and a great location for visiting different parts of the city, we even took the bus from outside the inn across the Golden Gate bridge and also into the city.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Paul99501
<Content>Very Pleasant We chose the Cow Hollow because of the suites and previous reviews, and we were not disappointed. Location was great -- tons of great restaurants of all types in the neighborhood, good area to walk, could walk to waterfront. Free underground parking, too! (Other SF hotels will charge $25 and up to park for a day). Our suite was great -- we had asked for and were given a 1 bedroom suite, and it was very spacious and comfortable. Very clean and neat and well-equipped. It was really a fully-equipped 1 bedroom apartment, with full kitchen, working fireplace (with wood provided), hardwood floors, king size 4-post bed (very comfy), modern, large bathroom, 2 TVs, internet access. Much nicer and large than a typical hotel room and larger even than most other suites at other hotels. Staff was friendly and helpful -- we had no problems or issues or complaints. If I had to beef about something it would be street noise -- we were on the first floor and there was typical city street noise. A higher floor would have been more quiet, but the noise level overall was acceptable.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>gradstudent-from-pgh
<Content>Amazing place, amazing location, amazing food! The place was great -- super friendly staff, who were able to put us into a nicer room with a view on the second day at a marginally higher rate (although the extra view wasn't anything great, so don't worry about it). You can't beat the location! Some of the best restaurants I've ever eaten at all on the same street -- including the famous diner at the corner of lombard and steiner!Great experience, would stay there again and again and again!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Scoutmom9
<Content>Quality at a Bargain rate My family of four stayed at the Cow Hollow Motor Inn in August. The room was perfectly comfortable and clean for our two night stay. Yes, you could hear the traffic from the street but to our surprise none of us has trouble sleeping. We choose the hotel because of the free parking. Once we were there we left our car and took the bus which was around the corner, We traveled all over the city, to AT T park to see the Giants to Chinatown, the Marina, and had no trouble. My teenagers thought taking the city bus and cable cars were part of the experience and enjoyed it. The people at the desk were helpful with maps and directions. There were plenty of restaurants in the area.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Heather1974
<Content>Great price  I really liked the location of this hotel. Easy access to bus routes and the major tourist attractions of the city. Great restaurants and shops nearby. Very reasonably priced compared to many other hotels in San Fran. Absolutely would stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>slr_7
<Content>Nice but noisy This is a very nice hotel. Clean, well furnished with free parking. While not in the downtown area, it is close to bus stops that take you into town. Great neighborhood for a tremendous variety of places to eat and drink. Major problem is noise at night. Hotel is on Lombard which is a major highway to the Golden Gate Bridge. Trucks and cars run all night long. Hotel runs from Lombard to Chestnut. Chestnut is much quieter. I would suggest someone staying here insist on a room closer to Chestnut Street.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	3	5	

<Author>pheslie
<Content>clean,friendly but old we stayed for 2 nights. the room had 2 dbl beds. it was very clean very safe but also very old. i am not fussy or fancy but the old funiture and carpet took me off guard. other eviews said the front desk was not friendly...i found them to be charming and helpful.the location was very nice but we had a limited time to see a great deal and it would have been better to stay near the wharf to see the tourist stuff and ride the trolly. the city bus is right around the corner from the hotel so if you have more time to spend this is great.if you are not botherd by od furniture this place is perfect...price and parking cant be beat...and again it is old but clean.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>3	5	2	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>a12barblues
<Content>Nice Stay Stayed at the Cow Hollow Motor Inn just one night as we were in town to watch the Giants play (got to see Barry hit #750) . Motel is very well kept, room was large by SF standards , lots of counter space in bathroom, good water pressure. Place seemed very secure , you have to use your room key to access elevators. Best of all parking is free in a enclosed parking lot, parking space is a premium in SF , with most hotels charging $35-45 dollars per day for parking. Heck we paid $30 to park at the ballgame and another $12 to go to the farmers market at the ferry building. As noted by other entries there are numerous places to eat within 2 square blocks of motel including Mels Diner ( of American Graffitti fame) right across the street. We had a 3rd floor king w/ city view , nice view however if you open the windows the noise from Lombard Street is very loud , once closed noise barley audiable. Staff were very effeicent check in and out took less than 5 minutes. All in all the motel met all our needs and we will not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NaKoa
<Content>Ah the Suite life With an excellent location right on busy Lombard Street in the heart of the Marina District, Cow Hollow has a mix of regular hotel rooms and suites. We stayed in the 2BR 2B suites in the back, with its own underground parking, entrance and exit onto a quiet back street and literally 5 steps away from Noah's Coffee that supplied us with caffeine and breakfast on a couple of cold San Francisco mornings. The suite was more like a fully furnished apartment, full kitchen, fireplace, a 4 poster bed in one bedroom and ridiculously soft down comforters in both, a walk-in closet and another pullout in the living area. Restaurants and watering holes ring the motel, I counted 10 within one block of the front door. Everything from pizza to Korean food. Convenient laundry room right across the hall, with free soap. **Now the minuses. Old tube tv (with broken knobs  buttons)in the bedroomthat could only manage a greenish tinged picture. That was overcome by the nice flatscreen in the living area complete with DVD player. But I like to watch Leno before I sleep! Rooms are kept spotless by staff, but trash under the sink when we checked in and one day, no one made up the room! Lots of towels, so no big deal. The guy who came up to empty the trash acted as though he was doing us a favor. No tip for you buddy! And of course, the requisite kids upstairs jumping off the bed or walls. We chalked it up to youthful exuberance, until it went on for an hour, then we called the desk. Problem solved. Finally, when I called to make my reservation I was told that an AARP discount of 10% would be applied. Of course, I never took a name, but upon checking in a matronly lady said quite curtly only AAA but that doesn't apply to the suites. Thank you very much. Again, no biggy, but every little aggravation seems to be amplified when you have certain expectations. Know what I mean?The suite should not be confused with a five star hotel, with turn-down service and chocolates on the pillows, but should be appreciatedfor what it is, a comfortable, family oriented, base of operations for exploring SF and all it has to offer. Overall I'd go back.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>kcinmo
<Content>Clean, good value - one problem We stayed at Cow Hollow for 4 nights in May - 2 nights before we went to Yosemite and 2 nights after. The price was very reasonable (especially with the free parking). The room was VERY clean. They had free wireless internet. Others here have complained about the noise, but even though we had a room facing Lombard, we were not bothered by the noise (and we come from a quiet town of 16,000, so we are not used to the traffic sounds). We also liked the location - it felt very safe and there were lots of places to eat nearby (we liked the Bay Watch next door for breakfast). We walked to Fisherman's Wharf from here - a long walk, but very doable.Our only problem - on our third night here, the toilet clogged. My husband called the front desk and asked that they send someone up with a plunger to fix it - he was told no they wouldn't, but there was a plunger available if he wanted to come down and get it and fix the clog himself! When I stay at a hotel, I expect the plumbing to work and if it doesn't I certainly don't expect to have to fix it myself! It was late (about 10:00) and it just seemed easier to plunge the toilet ourselves rather than argue with the front desk, so we did, but the whole incident certainly lowered my overall opinion of the Cow Hollow.That being said, I would stay here again.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	1	4	

<Author>JSNorthernCalifornia
<Content>OK but some problems We have been staying at the Cow Hollow, Coventry, and Chelsea Motor Inns every time we visit San Francisco (2-3 times a year) for the past 20 years. For the last 15 years, we have been staying exclusively at the Cow Hollow. We like the neighborhood (lots of good restaurants) and appreciate the free parking and the reasonable price. Over the years, however, the service and room quality has declined. Until the last few years, the service was good and if, at check in, the hotel could not meet requests for floor and room type, they apologized and did the best they could to accommodate you. This is no longer the case. Our last 3 stays have involved very perfunctory even unpleasant experiences at check in. The front desk now has all the charm of an airport ticket counter, with the same adversarial, hurried feeling. When I asked if anyone had even read our request for the 3rd floor, I was told with a shrug we are very popular now. When we checked out, I noticed many welcome bags on the back counter and got the impression that the hotel caters to groups and does not really care about individual travellers anymore. The rooms are reasonably sized but have gotten a little worn looking, with scuffed furniture, somewhat worn mattresses, and the occasional stains on the carpets. If you can get a room in the back on the 2nd or 3rd floor, the hotel is still a good deal, but if you end up on Steiner St. or worse yet on Lombard St. you'd better not mind lots of traffic noise. We may stay at the Cow Hollow again, but are also motivated to seek a new place in SF.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>2	4	3	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>DriveVancouver
<Content>Great Location!!!! My husband and I drove to San Fran from Vancouver Canada. Long drive, but well worth the trip!! We loved San Francisco, the hotel was central and on the flat side!! No huge hills to climb. Area is called the Marina district. Close to all the trendy shops and excellent restaurants. People in San Francisco are very polite and helpful. Gave us some good sites to go walking, like the Marina, Golden Gate bridge, and George Lucas Productions. The rooms are always spotless every morning. Traffic on Lombard Ave., alittle noisy, buy didn't bother us. The area was great!! We will be venturing down the coast again this August and will stay longer this time!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>phototomato
<Content>Clean and Friendly My husband and I stayed at the Cow Hollow Motor Inn for 9 days. We liked the place because it is a great value - very clean, free parking (unusual in the city), free internet (also unusual), excellent housekeeping, great food choices within steps of the hotel. The hotel staff was great - my husband was on crutches and we were given everything we asked for - extra blankets and pillows, HP parking next to the elevator, and an HP accessible bathroom. The corridors are inside, there are two elevators, and ice machines. The room was well appointed with television. coffee maker, hairdryer, soap and shampoo, and the bathroom was modern and clean. The bedding and towels were new and clean, the rugs are brand new, the pillows were great and everything about the room smelled good. Nice, good quality furniture too. We like fresh air and appreciated that the window opened. The only shortcomings, and these were minor, were that the mattress wasn't plush and our room was near the elevator, the stairs and the ice machine, so it was noisy. We are coming back to San Francisco for 10 more days in May and will definitely stay here.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TinaLB
<Content>Great Value, Great Location We just returned from a two night stay, based mostly on reviews from this website. We had a deluxe room with two double beds, as we were traveling with our two kids. We paid $101 per night, for a third floor room in the back of the hotel. (ie., not facing Lombard Street). The room was spacious, clean and quiet. (our biggest concern was that our kids might make too much noise). The kids were very excited to see a view of the Golden Gate bridge from our window- as our four-year old put it, Oh, it's lovely! We also loved the free covered parking!We were pleasantly surprised by the neighborhood/location- Chestnut street is a block away, full of great shops and restaurants. There are mainstream places, if you need the comforts of home (Starbucks, Pottery Barn, Gap), as well as unique little shops and restaurants for the more adventurous. We ate breakfast at Noah's Bagels; some other places we ate in the neighborhood were: Pluto's (fun little place for lunch and kid-friendly), Amici's (pizza place across the street from hotel), and Andale (mexican restaurant on Chestnut- a little overpriced for basic Mexican food- don't really recommend).We found it very easy to get around the city- it was a pleasant walk to the Exploratorium with our four and six year old (no stroller!); however, we would have driven if we had known that that was one of the few attractions that offered free parking. We easily took the bus to Fisherman's Wharf, Chinatown, etc...The front desk staff was extremely helpful and courteous- upon arrival, (Dottie?) told us of a nearby children's playground- what a find- it really helped the kids blow off some steam after our 8-hour car drive! She also gave us detailed instructions on which buses to take to various locations, as well as local kid-friendly restaurants. We will definitely recommend Cow Hollow Motor Inn to friends visiting SF. If you want a good value in a fun neighborhood, this is the place!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>BrandonScot
<Content>Best deal in SF, hands down. If you are coming to San Francisco and you need nice, inexpensive accommodations, ESPECIALLY if you are driving, look no further than the Cow Hollow Motor Inn. I found the property to the credit of good TripAdvisor reviews, and I was not let down. For a room in San Francisco under $100, the rooms are clean, comfy and nicely appointed. And oh yeah, the parking is FREE. The folks at the front desk and pleasant and accommodating and the location is in the heart of the bustling Marina district. Steps out of the hotel entrance on Steiner Street are at least a dozen great little restaurants ranging from steak to sushi to organic vegetarian. You're a block away from the shops on Chestnut Street and three blocks from the shops on Union Street. And of course, the hotel is located on Lombard street, so you are a fairly quick drive to any part of the city. The only downside is that the rooms that face Lombard Street can be a bit noisy with all the traffic, but hey, that's part of the charm of San Francisco!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Legionayr
<Content>Good value for the money Pleasant but not outstanding room, but well worth the reasonable (for SF) rates. It's the second time I've booked at this hotel, and I'll stay there again. Only two complaints, really. Book a room in the back of the hotel, if possible. Early mornings are very noisy on Lombard Street, and I slept poorly as a result. I should have brought ear plugs!The shower water pressure is a bit low. I found the staff to be more businesslike than friendly, but not irritating so. I have no complaints there, but no praise, either.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>taxdyke
<Content>Great Deal at Cow Hollow Motor Lodge We stayed for two nights. The staff was friendly and helpful. The price was great and included covered parking. The muni buses made it easy to navigate the city. I recommend this for families and couples. Very clean and safe.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>pmaass
<Content>Great Location, Decent Hotel for the money I read some reviews of the Cow Hollow Motor Inn before taking a trip for business and pleasure to San Francisco, and it seemed to be a decent option. The hotel is in a great location, with restaurants and bars nearby, and easy access to 101. Parking is somewhat tight but available. The elevators stink, and are very very slow. I would recommend using the stairs. The first room I was given hadn't been made up yet, but that's an honest mistake, and they quickly gave me another room. For some odd reason, the desk was located on the opposite wall from the power plugs and ethernet cable, but I had to use the wireless anyway since the wired ethernet would not work at all. Bathroom was pretty decent and clean, good water pressure, and the room size was ample. I would stay here again for the price, without a doubt.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>trayclee
<Content>Nice Place My family and I enjoyed our stay at Cow Hollow, the room and bathroom were very clean. Furniture is outdated but that didn't bother us. Just 1 block away from Chestnut St. where you can catch the bus to almost anywhere. Also, Chestnut St. has lots of shops and place to eat. We even caught the bus to a Giants baseball game that came within 2 blocks of the stadium. If you get a room facing Lombard St. beware there is alot of noise form traffic, but it did die down a little at night. I just wore earplugs.Also, Gus's across the street, great food and good prices.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>kelli105
<Content>Disappointed Atter reading all the positive feedback for the Cow Hollow I booked 4 nights. We found the staff very unfriendly, the rooms small, and the traffic noise shocking. Location is good and there are some nice restaurants nearby. If I knew what I knew now I would have got a hotel closer to Fisherman's Wharf.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	2	3	

<Author>smalltowngalReno
<Content>Gorgeous room, poor service First, the positive: the two room suite we booked was gorgeous, clean and comfortable. The neighborhood is very quaint and the shops and people, very friendly. I love the way everyone has a dog and the shops put out water for them at nearly every store front. The Chinese food at Country Sky restaurant across the street is absolutely wonderful, I highly recommend the fish, dim sum and hot and sour soup. All Star Donuts has delicious early morning pastries and for late night dining, Mels Drive In, was very clean and tasty. Now, the down side. The desk clerk upon our arrival was very rude. When we arrived at 3:15pm, he very quickly informed us that our suite would not be ready until 4 or 4:15pm. When I pointed out that our printed reservation sheet said 3pm check-in, he insisted that did not apply to the suites (the most expensive rooms in the inn have the latest check in time?). Finally, he decided to pick up the phone and check with housekeeping to see if our room was ready. IT WAS. He never apologized, simply acted as if we had really inconvenienced him handed us our keys and sent us on our way. I can't recall when I have ever been treated so poorly at a hotel, especially when I have reserved the most costly room on the property! The only other contact I had with the desk was when I called to inquire about a morning newspaper. Again, the same man, in a very disinterested tone said, the manager will bring the paper around 7am.... I waited over 30 minutes then finally walked to the newspaper stand and purchased one myself. Don't expect great service at this hotel. In closing, I would like to give the highest praise to the Colors of Christmas performance at the Symphony Hall. If you get the opportunity to see it, you won't be disappointed!  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>acrdon
<Content>Great if you get a quiet room! I can not stress enough the importance of getting a quiet room. I read the other reviews and thought It can't be that bad, I'll wear earplugs WARNING: You can hear Lombard Street through them.The other nights we switched to a quieter room and things were excellent. The rooms are huge and well appointed. The location is good if you have a car, but it's a long walk otherwise. It's also very hilly: so if you're not very fit AND don't have a car do not stay here. If you do have a car, parking is very convenient and secure. There are loads of brilliant restaurants if you turn right then right out of the entrance.You can walk to any of the main attractions in under half an hour or so if you're fairly fit. Make sure you book your ticket on the blue and gold fleet well in advance if you want to visit Alcatraz.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	3	3	3	

<Author>ukads
<Content>Clean Hotel We stayed here because of the feedback it received from people on this website. I wouldnt say I was dissapointed but it wasnt what I expected. Upon arrival we parked in the hotels underground car park and checked in. Staff all looked very unhappy and we all got the impression they didnt want to be there, unfreindly and not even a little smile! Anyway back to the hotel....The room was wonderfully clean, compleatly spotless and of a reasonable size. We had a view of a brick wall and a small roof but we wernt there to look out of the window so this didnt bother us. The free internet in the rooms was brilliant and worked perfectly. There were no amenities or anything else in this hotel but we knew that before staying there. Location wise it was OK. Yes it does have some fantastic little places to eat within walking distance and loads of shops. It was a 20 minute walk up hill to the famous part of Lombard Street and possibly 30-40 mins to fishermans walk but there is a tram stop at this location so we took this to get us places. We eventually got fed up with this uphill walk and took a bus that goes just behind the hotel and is regular. We did have a car but parking was expensive and didnt want the hassle, public transport was good. Union Square was to far to walk and about $10 in a cab.I would recommend this hotel, its good value for money but next time I would like to be a little nearer the attractions such as fishermans walk / Union Square etc without having to take transport all the time as we spend most of our time in these places.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	1	2	4	

<Author>C from NY
<Content>Great location at a good price Just returned from a week at the Cow Hollow after researching many other choices, and we're happy with our decision. We paid $125 per night less a 10% AAA discount ($112.50) for a standard king room. We had a car, so the free parking was a huge plus, especially for a 6 night stay. Our friends were paying $28 per night for parking at their hotel. As others have said, the location is terrific, perhaps the biggest plus for the hotel. There are tons of great restaurants and shops within steps of your door, and there is much more of a local flavor than the Fisherman's Warf area. Mel's across the street may be more famous; however, the hotel restaurant, Bay Watch, was even better for breakfast. Excellent breakfasts at reasonable prices. The room was average size for a city hotel, very clean with a very comfortable bed. The a/c heating system was very efficient; however it was also pretty noisy. Not noisy enough to keep you awake, but noticable until it blends into the background. The elevator was agonizingly slow (we're from NY, so maybe we're a bit impatient?), but there are only 3 floors, so the stairs are always an option. I guess when you list the speed of the elevator as a negative, things are pretty good.We'll stay here again on our next visit, which is the bottom line for any hotel. Nice room, fair price, free parking, great reatuarant for b'kfst, in a great location.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Rengrrl
<Content>Reviews are right on for the Cow Hollow I booked a night at the Cow Hollow Motor Inn after reading the reviews here, and was not disappointed. The room was spacious and spotless, and the free parking was a great bonus. There are a number of shops, restaurants and cafes nearby, and Marina Green (with a great view of the bay and the Golden Gate bridge) is just a couple of blocks away. The hotel is right on Lombard, which is a very busy thoroughfare, so there was road noise throughout the night. The decoration is standard hotel furniture, so if you're looking for a place with unique San Francisco charm and character, this might not be the place for you. Overall though, a great value for the price. Note that they held $150 on my card for a one night's stay at a $99 room rate. This seems to be standard at a number of San Francisco hotels, but not necessarily made clear up front.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	3	-1	4	

<Author>michael47
<Content>Convenient if you have a car A 4 storey hotel with basement and ground floor given over to parking located on Lombard St (Route 101) so always busy. We stayed 5 nights at $86 + tax a night for a 'city view' room. This meant a Lombard St view, but I'd have thought all sides of the hotel would be pretty noisy.The room was well appointed and clean. No issues. Don't have a room near the ice/drinks machines though. They are terribly noisy.The hotel is badly in need of window replacement. The metal-framed single-glazed windows have broken catches (I saw 3 rooms whilst there - they all had broken window catches) and of course do little to keep out traffic noise.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Chutey
<Content>Brilliant location Couldn't fault the Cow Hollow Motor Inn. The location is just brilliant, especially for nearby restaurants and shops, which are just at your doorstep. Parking is free (a huge plus), and our room was extremely comfortable and really quiet (no view, but no traffic noise either).I researched a lot of hotels in the Fisherman's Wharf area, but was so glad we chose the Cow Hollow area instead. Fisherman's Wharf just seems an area of slightly tacky tourist restaurants and snack bars, seaside resort souvenir shops and chain hotels, whereas Cow Hollow was full of great restaurants and shops. I looked for a nice restaurant for our last night and was overwhelmed with choice - ISA, Betelnut, A16, to name but a few. We ended up at Bistro Aix which was excellent.The number 30 Muni bus runs along Chestnut St and goes really close to Fisherman's Wharf.Extremely good value for a central city hotel.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>thetripchick
<Content>Home Away From Home We stay at the Cow Hollow at least once a month and it is our home away from home! The rooms are always fresh  clean, and it is in a fantastic location ~ the heart of the Marina District! Would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great value and location.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>VirginiaNole
<Content>An Oustanding Place! Read about this hotel on this site and decided to take a chance. We were glad we did! We normally stay at a Marriot, but this place had such great reviews we decided to try it. This hotel was exceptionally clean, nicely appointed, and quiet. We asked for a back room because we live in the country and are not used to city noise any more. The view wasn't great (another window) but we did not hear anything from the room, which is exactly what we wanted! There was plenty of parking in a nice well-lit 2 story basement garage. A very nice and clean laundermat is right around the corner. We also found a Safeway that was 6 easy walking blocks away and could buy hot dinners for 6.99, instead of buying dinner at the restaurants, which saved us a ton of money. There is also a nice restaurant attached to the hotel that was open for breakfast and lunch and was quite reasonably priced. My wife felt safe enough to walk to Curves and back, which was 9 blocks away, by herself. There is also a Starbucks, a Walgreen's Pharmacy and numerous restaurants and small bars in the area. The other hotel guests were all pleasant and friendly, as was the hotel staff. All in all, it was a great place to stay, especially for what little money we spent to stay there. My only complaint is that it did not have a Guest Services directory in the room. It would have been nice if they could compile something about the hotel services and area establishments. I will say that they answered all of our questions, including the best places to park for a baseball game. Thanks Cow Hollow, for stretching our funds and allowing us to do so much more when we were in San Francisco.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ViennaAustria
<Content>Great value in nice neighborhood We stayed for the second time within two months in this motor inn and think it is a great value for San Francisco. We paid - depending on the season- between $90 and $125 for a room and ZERO for parking. After paying up to $55 for parking in other hotels in SF we like the Cow Hollow Motor Inn even better. True, the rooms are plain, but I don't expect in this price range high end luxury. The staff is always helpful - our request for a room not facing busy Lombard Street was always honored. We also love the Cow Hollow neighboorhood with its nice, small restaurants, wine bars and coffe shops. Ate at Izzy's steakhouse on Steiner and roamed through the wine bars on Chestnut --- just delightful.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>westminster2
<Content>Good value, good location, good place We stayed as a family of four - parents plus two teenagers - at the Cow Hollow Inn for two nights in August 2006. We had read the positive reviews here on TripAdvisor and they were right. Apart from an unfortunate mistake when we arrived, when we were given the key to a room which was already occupied - and the desk clerk didn't seem too concerned when we went back down to reception - everything was good - plenty of space in the room, a nice bathroom and plenty of towels, soap, coffee etc, and a very useful garage. No breakfast, but Mel's DIner is across the road and there are lots of restaurants very nearby. It is easy to get to the rest of the city by bus - recommended.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	2	-1	-1	

<Author>Hazley
<Content>Good Value in great area My wife and I spent 3 nights at Cow Hollow Motor Inn. It is located on Lombard St in a great area. It's very close both to Union Street and even closer to Chestnut St in the Marina district. This means you are in walking district to some the best restaurants anywhere, not to mention boutiques and shops.Location and value are the key words. We paid $125/night for a reasonable but plain room, very good for San Francisco. There are no real amenities, except free parking, again something very unusual for this City. We parked our rental car and left it, as there are buses along Lombard to take you towards Fishermans Wharf, or Union Square. Our room gave a partial view of the Golden Gate view. One of the highlights of our trip was to walk across the Bridge to Sausalito, and take the ferry back. We actually bused to the Bridge, but it was really walking distance from the hotel.Cow Hollow Motor Inn is not fancy, but offers a great base for a visit to San Francisco, without breaking your budget.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>library1
<Content>Great Place for the Price! Based on Trip advisor reviews, my friend and I stayed at the Cow Hollow Inn for 4 nights. The room was spacious, the bed comfortable, esp. the pillows, and the room CLEAN. The price was great, and the FREE parking was appeciated as we had rented a car. The location was convenient to restaurants, and transportation was easy to find. We ate at Ristaurante Parma next door, which often had lines of people waiting for a seat, so you know it's pretty good. We stayed in a room facing Lombard st, and it was a bit noisy but it didnt bother us as we are used to city noise. Shops and restaurants are in the neighborhood. There were alot of families staying there and there were alot of folks who come back year after year. This motel was nicer than some of the high- end hotels I have stayed at. I would return there again without any hesitation!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>djjm9
<Content>AWESOME! What a bargain!!! Great find! Great location, right on Lombard Street in a great residential area. A walk around the corner you'll find some wonderful restaurants, frequented by the locals. A 7 minute walk to the marina to watch the fog roll out in the early morning. Great views of Alcatraz the the GG Bridge. A short bus ride will take you to all the attractions. We walked 5 miles one day, up and down those hills and through some neat neighborhoods and every step of the way we felt safe. The hotel was clean, very clean and spacious for the three of us. Ask for a third floor room facing Lombard. Rent a fridge for 5 bucks a day. Free parking was a great perk as well. A great family hotel with high end chain hotel rooms and cleanliness. You will not be dissappointed.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Renoir184
<Content>Outstanding Everything at this hotel! We recently stayed at Cow Hollow for our first visit to San Francisco, and it is ALL GOOD! Given the low price ($100.00 / night) we were worried about this hotel located in a great area in a major American city. However, armed with excellent reviews by friends and family, we were very pleasantly surprised. Our room faced onto Lombard Street, and although we clearly could hear the traffic outside, it didn't keep us awake for a minute after long days of sightseeing in beautiful San Francisco. The free parking is a real bonus, especially for someone from a flat city who is a little intimidated by the San Francisco topography. The location is very central and located on excellent bus routes (recommend buying a metro pass to get around!) and close to great restaurants as well. Only a couple of blocks from Union Street, a great place for an afternoon beverage after hot days amongst other tourists. Great breakfast place right in the hotel, and very nice restaurants just around the corner. Overall, I will definately visit this hotel once again - it is good old-fashioned value for the money, not something you ALWAYS find in major North American cities (including my own).  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>flygurl814
<Content>Exceeded my expectations We loved the Cow Hollow Motor Inn. The parking was free, they let us check in early, and the front desk was very knowledgeable and friendly. They recommended restaurants (nything on Sterling is excellent? and told us the nearest place to get a bus pass (Fisherman Warf). The room was very neat and clean, and it didn feel cheep at all. The beds were also very comfortable. The only downsides were the street noise ?very loud ?and the distance from the center of town. The noise wasn a problem for us, and we ended up walking to Fisherman Warf (25 minute walk) and taking a trolley into town. Great hotel.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LuapNordlaw
<Content>Pretty god, noisy Cow Hollow is in Lombard Street so it's fairly central, close to public transport, restaurants (famous Mels Diner across the road), shops and bars. This means, of course, some traffic noise. We were near the main thoroughfare but the traffic noise did not keep us awake (it did in Diablo Mountain Inn, Walton Creek).Rooms were nice, clean, big enough, but why do all American hotels I stay in provide such small bath towels? and I'm not tall. Or large. The hotel provides complimentary parking (one of the few that do in the city) but its pretty tight!We breakfasted in Judy's (Chestnut street, parralel to Lombard) on the two occasions we stayed, this kept us going for about 18 hours!We asked for a third night but the July 4 weekend was approaching and they had no availabilty, however, they booked us into the Chelsea down the road.Would stay again.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Navek
<Content>Fantastic place to stay My wife and I stayed at Cow Hollow Motor Inn for 5 nights in May this year. We decided on this hotel after reading the reviews on this website and I have to say we were not disappointed! The location is outstanding from many different aspects, close to restaurants and shopping in both Union Street and Chestnut Street. The hotel doesn't have a restaurant but there is a breakfast and lunch place in the building called The Bayview  which is very good and the food is good too. Across Lombard directly opposite is a Mel's Diner that is open from very early until very late, both the service and food is very good, both places prices are cheap as well. The Marina district is a good location to stay as it is close to the Bay and is about a 10 minute walk down Fillmore to get some good views of the Golden Gate Bridge and the harbour.The Muni bus, number 30 goes down Chestnut and will take you to Fishermans Wharf or into Downtown as well. The bus service is excellent and you save on having to find and pay for parking too. If you stay in a room at the front of the hotel (on Lombard) you may find the traffic noise a bit distracting, but even that is a small price to pay for such an excellent location and really helpful staff. The room we had was on level 3 facing Lombard and was big and so was the bathroom, it was very clean too. On the whole we would have no hesitaton either recommending or staying here when we visit San Francisco in the future.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AZ Kris25
<Content>A perfect setting for us My family and I stayed 5 nights in a 2 bedroom suite at the Cow Hollow Suites and could not have had a better experience. Since we were gathering for an event (my son's graduation), it was great to have an apartment like setting with a common living room rather than everyone trying to crowd into a hotel room. Although we frequently ate out, the completely furnished kitchen allowed us to save money on breakfast, snacks, and dinners for the younger ones who couldn't go out late. The suites are off the street so are very quiet and everything was clean and well kept. The suite we were in was pleasantly decorated with comfortable furniture with some antique pieces thrown in. They have comfortable beds and large closets. They are conveniently located with everything that you need within a few blocks and easy access to all attractions. All of this was for a very reasonable price. I will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will stay again bargain :i've paid 110$/day, 2 weekend nights.location :good neighbourhood.superb if you use a car since you have a parking place.during my weekend stay i encountered almost no traffic.though i walked from the hotel to pier 39, and enjoyed the sights on the way.( took me about 20-30 mins of walking, consider it is partially uphill, and the weather was excellent for it, i dont recommend it when its too hot.. )there's a diner across the street - open from 6am.room :took a room with city view ( to lombard st. ) - its a nice view.nice and spacious room, allot of storage volume, very clean, a/c working ( i only tested the heating ),just like in the picture.parking :few parking spaces at the entrance floor. many parking spaces at the garage floor. ( both are free )  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>judakwis30
<Content>Great Hotel for tourists looking for convenience to local shops and sites!       Alcatraz  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excelent for families, great location!       TransAmerica Building  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sixteencmg
<Content>Loved it! This place was GREAT! The location was great, free parking a bonus and our room was really nice. A great value for a city like San Francisco.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Txgal
<Content>The Cow Hollow is great! The Cow Hollow is in a great location amid excellent restaurants and shops and less than 2 miles from Fisherman's Wharf. The rooms were clean and convenient to the hotel's free parking.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay at Cow Hollow! My family spent a week at Cow Hollow and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The hotel is in a fantastic location and the rooms were large and clean. We have a 2 year old and a 6 year old who easily jumped into the swing of hotel life here. We found a parking space every night and rejoiced over the fact that we didn't have to take public transportation with the children. I probably spent two months searching out the best hotel and I felt I did it when we booked at Cow Hollow. The AAA rate had us go to the local AAA here and join so we got a two for one type deal....membership at AAA for a year and a great hotel for under $100. There is a FANTASTIC doughnut shop at the corner, a great sushi place across the street and a laundry mat one block down. I really would recommend this hotel especially after I saw what downtown looked like :) You can't beat the price and LOCATION!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>firstrees
<Content>Very convenient location, good service Everything you need- apart from a fridge.Huge room, air-con, TV, excellent bathroom. . . and security for your car.30 minutes into central SF by 'bus, fantastic restaurants just around the corner, easy to find and on Highway 101. What more do you want?Reasonable value at $125.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pegeve
<Content>Cow Hollow Motor hotel San Francisco We stayed there on the second week of August.This hotel is a good option if you have a car because it comes with free parking, which is handy in San Francisco. The rooms, although not very tastefully decorated, are big, confortable and clean and so are the bathrooms. We overlooked Lombard Street and had a nice view (when it wasn't foggy). Opposite the hotel, Mel's diner is a great place for breakfast. It's a 50's style diner with excellent -though not cheap - food. The area around the hotel is also interesting because not very touristy. The nicest streets for a walk are across Lombard Street.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would stay again Picked the Cow Hollow for the reasonable price, free parking and location. It is a very clean hotel, bathrooms are very clean and up to date. Has high speed internet access, soda and ice machines on each floor. Our room overlooked Lombard St and was noisy, but we live along a busy noisy street so it didn't bother us too much. The staff was not overally friendly, but assisted us with bus routes and even allowed our friends to exchange parking spots with us so that we could ride together to the pier. I would recommend and stay at the Cow Hollow again.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Lucy43
<Content>Great Location This is a nice, clean hotel. It's in a great location,near many restaurants and the bus stop. We stayed for 3 nights with our 2 kids and were very pleased with everything. I would definately recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>missjenni
<Content>Absolute Gem I stay at the Cow Hollow every time I go to San Francisco. Clean, cute rooms and friendly staff. Excellent location for restaurants, bars, and a bit of shopping. The suites are like a home away from home and excellent for a group of friends or a family! I'm going back soon....  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Cousinmick
<Content>Houstonians Love Cow Hollow Motor Inn and Suites We have stayed at Cow Hollow numerous times over the years and feel that we are coming home every visit. The location is the best for a nice walk to the marina, Exploratorium, and Fort Mason. Chestnut Street has wonderful restaurants and delis, and movie theatre. We used the bus at the handy stop on Chestnut to get to the ballet, to the Caltrain station, Beach Blanket Babilon, Golden Gate Park, North Beach, Fisherman's Wharf and to the cable car stop. Even though Cow Hollow doesn't charge for their fabulous parking garage, we were delighted to be in a location that allowed us to have fun without the car and parking problems in the city. The staff are wonderful and helpful, rooms are great, w. king size beds, and the Bay Watch Restaurant is fabulous for breakfast right down stairs. The price is right. Everything about Cow Hollow makes it the best deal in San Francisco for these Houstonians!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bbg8r
<Content>Good value in San Fran We stayed at Cow Hollow for one night on a two day visit to San Fran last week. First and foremost, its very hard to beat the price of this hotel and the free parking in San Francisco. There is free internet in the room as well. The map they give you when you check in is a great map for touring the city. The room is clean but just an average hotel room, the showers had absolutely NO pressure which is a big negative for me. There are great restaurants very close by on either Chestnut or Union St. I would stay here again on a return trip.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>specht3
<Content>We liked Cow Hollow Inn We stayed in the Cow Hollow Inn (on Lombard Ave, in the Marina District) on April 2 and 3, 2005. The two-queen room was large and clean. The hotel has free parking. (Parking runs $30-40 per night at downtown hotels.) There are many good restaurants nearby. I would note especially Mel's Drive-In, which is right across the street. Meatloaf, fried chicken, roast turkey. All *very* good. But not cheap.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>numike
<Content>stupendous         
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good Agree completely with all reviews.Our only gripe is that our son was quoted a lower price than us and they refused to match it for our room. Make sure you know what you are paying!Didn't use Bay Watch restaurant but went to Mel's Diner across the road. Excellent basic food, good service.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2004
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Home Away from Home! The Cow Hollow Motor Inn has become our home away from home. We visit San Francisco at least once a month and have stayed here exclusively! The motor inn is clean, the staff courteous and helpful, and the location can't be beat! It is in the heart of the Marina District, and you can walk everywhere. We would recommend this motor inn to anyone, and several of our friends who have stayed upon our recommendation are now making plans to come back soon!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>twofortravel
<Content>Comfortable, great safe location We spent 2 nights in the Cow Hollow Motor Inn in October. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was very comfortable and quiet. It's wise to ask for a room away from the street. The location is great, within a short walk to many good restaurants and shopping. We took the bus to the civic center and returned to the marina area for a delicious dinner at ISA and a evening stroll. We would definitely stay in Cow Hollow again.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>coorsbeerwolf
<Content>Our home away from home We stay here every year in the suites - it is like having our own apartment in our favorite city. The staff is always friendly and the neighborhood charming. Don't look any further, this is where you want to stay!!!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>10 out of 10 My boyfriend and I stayed here in Apr/May 2004 on what was our first stop on a trip of SF, LA, Las Vegas and Grand Canyon. I was delighted with this hotel and can honestly say that it was probably the nicest hotel we stayed in throughout our trip. The rooms are spacious and decorated well. The only drawback was the ice machine in the corridor which made a bit of a noise. I would suggest asking for a room away from the main road as ours was and we were not woken by the traffic. This hotel is not in the thick of things in SF but I actually preferred it. It was a short walk down the water where you could catch the sights of Alcatraz and the bridge. However, you can catch a bus round the corner to get into the centre, which we did and got off in china town and spent the day walking. For the walking enthusiast this hotel is fab, we walked to Pier 39 one day for the trip to Alcatraz which was a long walk but very scenic. There are ample restaurants/cafes and a few bars near the hotel too.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ideal Choice We chose the Cow Hollow after reading reviews of many San Francisco hotels on TripAdvisor. We were a little concerned as it was our first trip to San Francisco, but we couldn't have made a better choice. The Cow Hollow is ideally located - we walked to Ghirardelli Square and the cable cars in about 15 minutes, or used the buses which run along Chestnut Street, one street over from Lombard. The local neighbourhood on Chestnut has plenty of restaurants and shops, and we enjoyed just walking along there in the evenings. Our room was large and clean, with a view of the Golden Gate Bridge. A little noisy some nights from the restaurants below, but it is a city location after all. The staff were friendly and helpful, and the free parking was a definite plus. The restaurant a few doors down in the same block on Lombard was good for breakfast. We had been tempted to stay in the Fisherman's Wharf area but were so glad we didn't as when we visited we found it was seriously touristy/seedy. We were happy to escape back to the Cow Hollow.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChicagoGal51
<Content>Location? Very nice hotel but I was not happy with the busy street location. Not close to the wharf or cable cars. We moved to their sister inn-Columbus Inn where we could walk to the wharf and hop on a cable car.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>oliviablue
<Content>We love the Cow Hollow! The Cow Hollow is clean, rooms are spacious and decorated quite nicely, staff is friendly, and the location can't be beat! We loved it here. Steps away from any type of restaurant you choose, a block from the bus stop, and within walking distance to many attractions. We definitely recommend this hotel and would stay here any time we visited SF. The price can't be beat!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great choice This hotel is located just far enough from the hustle and bustle of the city that you can actually relax when you're there. The hotel is very clean. But, all you get is a room, there is no lobby or area where you might meet the other people in your party.The parking is a huge bonus! There are some excellent food choices on Steiner St. and on Chestnut St. My only negative comment is that we stayed in a room facing Lombard St. and the early morning traffic was VERY loud.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Kept Secret in San Francisco We have been going to the Cow Hollow Suites every year. The lovely antique reproductions, the the view of the SF bridge, the variety of restuarnts make this the place to go in SF. Perhaps I should not be advetising The best kept secret in San Francisco, as a San Francisco native exclaimed last year when we invited them to our room.   
<Date>May 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Boiler6764
<Content>Awesome in every respect!   showReview(1839632, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You can't beat the neighborhood   showReview(1447532, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Cow Hollow Motor Inn   showReview(1435811, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pudge
<Content>Excellent Value - Great Location!   showReview(1398192, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2003
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Attitude   showReview(1269817, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(1208871, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cow Hollow Motor Inn   showReview(1155265, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>USAtravellover
<Content>The secret's out...   showReview(834646, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2003
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A gem on lombard   showReview(825871, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A Jewel of An Accomodation in SF   showReview(236159, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2001
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>arcandrea
<Content>Ottimo (m)hotel, ci tornerei sicuramente.   showReview(13597225, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>LoreKiara
<Content>Ottimo motel       l'esterno  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>tigger70
<Content>Schnes Hotel in toller Lage       Blick auf Hotel von Lombard Street  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

