<Author>Jeter2
<Content>I hope we're not disappointed! We enjoyed New Orleans so much in January of '08 that we're coming back in January of '09 with our daughters and their boyfriends AND we're once again staying at Chateau Dupre. We had a very pleasant experience there last year which is why we booked the hotel again. Our rooms were certainly clean, no problems with housekeeping taking care of our room each day, the staff was more than friendly, the room rate was a deal, the restaurant was great for breakfast, and it's the perfect location in the French Quarter; only a short walk to Bourbon Street yet away from the noise -- all the reasons we're returning there next month. As far as recommending this hotel, I already have recommended it to family and they have booked it for the 2009 jazz festival. I can't imagine that it's as bad as some people have described here, and hope I prove them wrong when I write a new review upon our return. Karen Jones  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	5	3	5	5	5	

<Author>BrMiller
<Content>Budget honeymoon in neworleans       View from the room  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	4	4	5	5	2	

<Author>luv2crft
<Content>"Never Again" My husband and I needed a hotel close to the Military Ball and we chose this hotel after looking at the pictures on the internet. The problems started with the elevator. It was slow and it smelled. Some hotel door numbers were written in ink by hand. The room they gave us was awful. I was so disappointed. The Military Ball is a special night for us. The carpet was dirty and it had dried crusty looking stuff on it. The furniture was scratched up and worn out. Our room had an old daybed and the comforter on it that was too small. Both televisions were missing their remotes. The ceiling had water stains. The nicest and newest thing in the room was the bathroom sink. The receptionist was very nice and friendly, so I did not take out my frustrations on her. We will not recommend this hotel to any of our friends. We have stayed at nicer hotels in the French Quarter and we will continue to use those.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	3	1	

<Author>chriscotton1
<Content>IKE Week in the Big Easy My wife and I have gone to New Orleans sever times in the past 10 years and we have stayed at this hotel before but it was pre Katrina. 1 st of all the hotel is working on remodeling slow but working on it. We arrived early on Sept 10 about 8:45am (early Flight) and check in is not until 4:00pm. The staff found our room and sent us to room (207) it was dirty so back down stairs and they gave us another one (210) got into room it was clean nice very large rooms 3 rooms sitting room, bedroom a little small but it had a king bed in it, and nice bathroom with plenty of towels. This was during Hurricane IKE. The wind was out of control (blew a $700.00 pair of glasses away) and a big thanks to the great job from the New Orleans Police department closed Canel and helped look for them I guess it was like in the Wizard of OZ they are not in New orleans any more or Maybe Kansas. The wind was so strong all night on the 11th the dumpster lids keep crashing making noise all night. Made reservations to go the Laura planation but was cancelled both Thursday and Friday had to put up $30.00 cash deposit talked to tour company and they stated that I needed to get the refund from where I booked the tour well they never was open anymore. Needless to say lost that $30.00.. Went to a cooking Demo great time this was held at the New Orleans School of Cooting the Chef was Micahel and my wife loved it worth the 25.00 each and you get to eat what they cook great time. Also check on line go to Google.com and type in New Orleans coupons print them off great savings.. Check out the Cresent City Brew Hous but go very Hungry they serve very large portions. Well the room was good one night we were woke up well I nor does my wife do bugs or mice and ther was a mouse in the under the window I fixed that real fast no more problems New Orleans and the French Quarter is a haven for rodents due to all the food and garbage so I do understand that but I still do not like them. Go the the Cats Meaw great Bar. Well we will be back and keep it safe Till then BIG EASY.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>africandreams
<Content>Not great, but okay My husband and I , along with several friends, were traveling to New Orleans for a friend's wedding. We needed low cost and convenience. My husband and I booked the hotel as part of a package deal on Expedia because the price was right and the location seemed decent. Like many have said, the rooms are not in the best shape. The first room we were put in had no closet and the AC didn't work. They luckily had another room available and moved us to that one - it had a nice closet and lots of AC. The place needs some repair and good cleaning. For us, we weren't hanging out in our room much, so it was fine to just sleep in. But if you want the room to be awesome - look somewhere else.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>KYGIIRL
<Content>The Worst Hotel on the Planet The name sounds great but this is the dirtiest and nastiest hotel I have ever stayed in. It was soooo bad that I don't even know where to start. Just take my word for it...DO NOT STAY AT THIS HELL HOLE!!!!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>bilpac7
<Content>Chateau usuck My buddy booked three rooms for a bachelor party last night, June 28th, for us to party in New Orleans. The hotel is nowhere near as nice as the pictures on the website. The receptionist was awful, especially when we told her the air conditioner and cable did not work in one of our rooms. Well, there is no one here to fix it, no other rooms, and nothing I can do was her response. New Orleans in June when you have been walking all night is rather warm and the room was miserable. There is a 28 dollar fee to park, which was very unnecessary. Just a overall pathetic hotel experience. It is not to hard to please several drunk 25 year olds but this hotel proved us wrong. Stay away!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>jjetgirl
<Content>10 Reasons Not to Stay at Chateau Dupre #1 You will see sloppily handwritten (in Pen) room numbers on many guest room doors#2 Your safety will be compromised as you wonder what happened to the interior door jamb and remainder of flimsy chain door lock - and replaced with an unfinished 2x4#3 Do not ask what is on the carpet, keep your socks on#4 Want to meet other guests? Wait for the front deskto give another guest a key to your room - surprise! #5 Do not look into the pillowcase, the pillows are antiques and should be donated to a civil war museum#6 Crusty dirty windows do not allow for view#7 Not one single lighting source worked at capacity, if at all#8 No closet! #9 Don't expect a cab to arrive no matter how many times the front desk calls, just hoof it to the nearest main cross street with your luggage and hail a cab.#10 Enjoy sleeping in your clothes with one eye open? This is the place!  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	2	-1	

<Author>indycouple35
<Content>POOR, poor, POOR Of all the hotels we have stayed at this would rank at the bottom. Here are a list of the reasons why. The put us in room 219 and 211. Room 219 was up against the elevator and everytime the elevator would run the beds in the room would vibrate. The air in room 219 did not work and was very warm. When you looked out the window you got to see the dumpster. They charge you a $4.95 per night/ per room phone charge and a $2.95 safe charge and the parking is $25-$30 per night. When we got to room 219 the safe was locked close so we contacted front desk and they said they would take the safe charge off the bill. Room 219 did not get any towels on the 2nd day, we called the front desk twice before we recieved any. When we got ready to check out we noticed the charge was still on bill. She said she did not know how to take it off and we would have to deal with the home office about the charge. I told her I would not sign the bill until it was correct and she informed me that she would not call the parking attendant until I paid the bill. The staff was rude and hard to understand.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	2	1	3	

<Author>rosfield
<Content>A Very Disappointing Stay at Chateau Dupre Hotel This hotel needs help! The rooms were small and dark. One of the rooms had a sour smell. The service was very slow and disorganized. They took our towels after we used them but never returned ones to the room. The car valet took a really long time to get our car from the parking. There is no bell hop service so be prepared to carry your bags to your room. Very disappointing!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>heder
<Content>Not very good I would not recommend this hotel to anyone other than someone who desperately wants to stay in the French Quarter and can't afford to stay anywhere else. We stayed for Mardi Gras 2008. First, the elevator - tiny, slow, etc. There's no way to access the stairwell from the first floor even though we were only staying on the second floor.Our room was not great. There was a very long, very narrow hallway at the entrance, and then the room itself was not very big. It had very high ceilings, which I guess could be nice. We had a pleasant view of an alley and constant noise from workers outside. The beds were not very comfortable - we had two double beds and one of the beds dipped in the middle. The bathroom was alright. But there is no room anywhere to put things - no shelves in the bathroom, and the sink is tiny so there's no room there. And in the main part of the hotel room, there is just one small table where the phone, clock, lamp, etc, is, and no other table or desk to put anything. Very inconvenient!The breakfast was horrendous! We picked this hotel over a similarly priced one just because it had a free breakfast. But when we went down, there were a couple stale biscuits on a plate and a few pieces of melon, and very bad coffee. We wandered into the main part of the restaurant and thought that was the breakfast - eggs, sausage, bacon, breakfast potatoes, it looked great - but you had to pay for that one! The free breakfast for hotel patrons looked like the prior day's leftovers from the nice breakfast for paying restaurant customers.The only good thing about the hotel is its location, which is close enough to everything for Mardi Gras but still far enough out of the way that you don't have to deal with drunk loud people at all hours.If you stay here, I'd suggest parking at Harrah's - it's a couple of blocks to walk, but if you play at Harrah's for 30 minutes (and you can do penny slots for 30 minutes) you can park for free as opposed to the $25 or $30 rate the hotel charged each day!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	5	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>CarolinaMemphis
<Content>Terrible!!!! Customer service is a foreign concept to the "Chateau Dupre" My confirmed reservation rate was different from the rate quoted to me at the front desk. Front desk was slow and very, very rude to me, specially the Front Desk Manager named Monica. We checked out and went to the Marriott (So nice!! Good views).The room at the chateau weew ugly, glommy and the view was awful!!!! No remote control in the room and the Valet parking is a joke!!!!!!Don't make the same mistake I made!!!! The hotel is is more a motel and never, not even in my wildest dreams ( and I have some wild ones), I would have called this hotel a Chateau. STAY AWAY FROM IT!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KChopin
<Content>Charming experience Great location to French quarter, shops, restaurants, and other sites. The hotel is very European in atmosphere and decoration. The Staff was helpful and pleasant! If you have a vehicle, pay the extra for Valet parking; it is worth it. Charming and clean. We will stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>nycchic10011
<Content>DONT STAY HERE!!!!!! I would like to inform you that Chateau Dupre was the worst hotel I ever stayed at. The employees had NO professionalism nor any business ethics. You guys should be embrassed to considered Chateau Dupre one of New Orleans Fine Hotels. The concierges (Solita and some spanish lady) were disrespectful and even called my room threatening me. Is this the way New Orleans would like to be known as Ghetto? Even a one star hotels in New York treat their guest like human beings and not as animals. I am highly insulted and I feel that I got ripped-off from my money. The pictures on the internet don't even compare to what we had. I felt like I was staying at a dirty motel-8. I will be sure that my experience will be spread all over the internet, so other people will not experience what I experienced.Regards,Frustrated Guest.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>bw331
<Content>Not very nice, definitely not a three-star hotel I used Hotwire and got a $62 rate for a Saturday and Sunday stay. I knew the hotel wouldn't be luxurious, but it certainly was not the three-star hotel Hotwire claims. I would much rather be in a Hampton Inn, because their product is much nicer than this old property in the French Quarter. The location is good, but other than that, it leaves much to be desired even at $62 a night. There is no soundproofing in the hotel. From my room on the third floor it felt like I was on the street it was so loud. The room is beat up and the floorboards creek whenever you walk on them. The hotel is smoky on the floors. My fleece blanket had several holes in it. The housekeeping did a very poor job replacing towels. It's just not the type of place I want to come back to or recommend to others. Just to let you know they tack on a $4.95/day phone/internet charge and a $2.95 safe charge whether you use them or not. There are lots of hotels in New Orleans, don't pick this one.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	1	3	2	

<Author>Elvis100
<Content>Cool spot Fantastic hotel located conveniently in the french quarter. All resteraunts and bars are easily accessed by foot. The people who work there do a great job aswell, especially Melvina!Thanks again for a pleasurable stay!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yenski
<Content>Excellent Service, Great Value First of all, let's be honest here. Visiting the French Quarter is a cultural experience. Staying at an older, small hotel in the Quarter adds to that experience and can be quite charming. The rooms in these hotels can be small and sometimes a little worn out. These building are 100 years old folks. That being said, we picked the Chateau Dupre becuase it is a smaller hotel right in the French Quarter - super close to everything from Bourbon St to Harrah's. Plus, they have great prices. We booked on Hotels.com and got a great deal. The last time I stayed at this hotel was about 8 years ago and I was pleased then, but I wasn't sure what to expect this time around (post-Kat). But I was pleasantly surprised! Monica, Rochelle (sp?) and the staff were awesome. Their service was outstanding. We had issues checking in when one of our party got sick abruptly and had to be taken to the ER. Monica and Rochelle were calm and helped us take care of our friend. I can't say enough about how great they were. But on top of that, the rooms were nice and clean and the housekeeping staff was friendly and accomodating as well. It is loud in the French Quarter and many of the hotels are right on the street, but thats just how it is, people. I would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again and recommend it. Great bargain, great service. Keep up the great work ladies! Oh, I heard that a remodel was coming soon. It will make this hotel even better! Hopefully, it will include upgraded shower heads ;). Thumbs up to the Chateau Dupre.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>utcam03
<Content>Above average for the GOOD PRICE If you're looking for a luxury hotel, this is not it. If you are looking for something affordable but clean in the Quarter, then this is it. Pros:-Affordable (our bill with valet parking was $494 for 4 nights)-3 blocks to Bourbon Street-Near restaurants and shopping-Friendly and helpful staff, Monica and another young woman were both extremely nice-Internet access in rooms (some reviews say the access is bad, but we had no problem connecting on each of the 3 computers we brought)-Pretty clean (older hotel, but this is indicative of much of NOLA- do not equate old with dirty in this city)Cons:-Noisy at night, woken up several times (we were right down the street from a fire station)-Room was small-The continental breakfast selection was the worst I've had (cold biscuits, cold donuts, orange slices and melon)-Water pressure wasn't greatWe knew what we were paying, so we didn't complain. I'm of the belief that you get what you pay for with hotels, so I was satisfied based on the price. Perhaps they would have tried to move us to a more quiet room or something, but we were not too concerned with it. We were there to have a good time, and didn't mind the occasional fire truck that sometimes woke us.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>Jazzgirll
<Content>Great location and staff, but dirty old rooms at the Chateau Dupre The Chateau Dupre is in a great location. It has the potential to be a neat little hotel, as many of the rooms have some unique and interesting features. Our friend's room had a huge pulley wheel hanging from the ceiling, and our room had old brick walls. I wonder what this building was before it was a hotel.The staff was SO nice, especially Melvia. The people who worked there really typify the New Orleans spirit that makes the city one of my favorite places.Unfortunately, our room was extremely dirty. The carpet and bedding and couch were all very old. There were large stains and a lot of dirt in/on the carpet, and there were cigarette burns on the bedding. Worst of all was the bathroom: the tile was broken and portions of it had come up off the floor. The tub would not drain, and so my husband and I had to time our showers about 45 minutes apart so that we weren't up to your mid-shins in standing water. Because it was so unclean, I would not stay at this hotel again. Also, beware of good reviews of this hotel. Staff asked me a couple of times to please leave a 4 or 5 rating on tripadvisor.com. I wish I could leave such a rating, but I just can't in good faith. If you are concerned about the cleanliness of your hotel, then do NOT stay at the Chateau Dupre. You will be disappointed, as the rooms are SO dirty. However, if you are looking for a unique inexpensive hotel in a great location in New Orleans and you don't care that you won't want to take your shoes off or touch anything in your room, then the Chateau Dupre is a great place to stay.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>2	4	2	5	1	3	5	-1	

<Author>BhamMargo
<Content>I was the victim of identity theft at this hotel!!...and they did nothing! My husband and I were the victims of identity theft at this hotel. Our accounts were maxed out and our bank account wiped out and we were stranded Columbus Day weekend until our bank (AmSouth Bank was wonderful in this situation!) opened on Tuesday. The manager admitted negligence that day (the thief had been brought in for an interview and was a friend of the bellhop and the front desk clerk) yet the hotel did nothing to right the situation other than offer us a free dinner at the adjacent restaurant. The New Orleans Police weren't any better--they said they had to build a case before they could arrest him even though we had all the evidence. Overall, a very disappointing experience that should have been handled differently by the hotel--they should have at least reimbursed our stay for that ordeal. Multiple letters, phone calls, and hiring an attorney didn't get us anything from this hotel either.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>MikeMelbourne
<Content>Genuine French quarter hotel - but a tragic comedy       Door gaps let sound in  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	5	2	1	1	1	

<Author>pdorman
<Content>Don't be Fooled We booked three rooms here for the weekend of October 12. Looking at the pictures online and the reviews, we were looking forward to our stay. When we arrived, we were shown to a room that had: Old dingy and moldy smelling furniture and room, tv cabinet in sitting area with no tv, a hole in one of the walls, one small tv sitting on a night stand, no light in the bedroom except the two small bedside lamps and the closet light, filthy stained carpet, the bathroom door would not close....do I need to go on? We wouldn't recommend this hotel to our worst enemy. Furthermore, we had attempted to book on their website, a double/double room, but the descriptions on the rooms on the site did not match the category listed, so we ended up with king rooms.The manager on duty, Rochelle, was nice enough, after learning of the web site confusion, to cancel our reservation at no charge, since she had no doubles available. We booked three rooms at the Chateau Sonesta for $20 less per night, and were thrilled with the quality we found there.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	4	3	-1	

<Author>pk0908
<Content>My new favorite New Orleans Hotel! I have been going to New Orleans 2 to 3 times a year for the past 15 years and don't know how I missed this gem! The pictures on the website do not do them justice! The hotel is beautiful, the staff is WONDERFUL and the price is so low!! Thanks to Melvina and all of the staff for a fabulous stay! This is my new favorite New Orleans hotel! I will definately stay there EVERY time I'm in town and will highly recommend to all my friends to do the same!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WFMississippi
<Content>Great room and price Great room at a great rate. There were some hidden charges however -- room safe and telephone. But still a great deal. The only drawback was the noisy garage at an adjacent hotel. Staff was extremely helpful on check-in and at check-out. Melvina provided us with some great information as we were checking out. I failed to get the names of other helpful staff members. I'd certainly stay here again. A great plus was the effeciency of the valet parking staff. Our vehichle was always there for us in a very short time.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>SydneyV
<Content>Helpful Staff! We found the Chateau Dupre to be a typical inexpensive old hotel in the French Quarter. Great Location but be prepared to be Up all night with nightlife noise from the streets! If you are looking for anything quite avoid the Quarter! This whole area is a 24 hour party again. Our experience was saved by the great staff who treated our family in town for a funeral service with kindness and consideration! Melvina and her charming night staff at the front desk are very thoughtful and understanding.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>MoJo_Farmer
<Content>Great place on Jackson Square What a great little place right on Jackson Square. We were right where we needed to be. Our person, Melvina, helped us greatly and was very friendly. The price was right, location was right and we will definitely go back. Thank you, Melvina, for taking such good care of us!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>evildiva
<Content>The Best? You MUST be kidding We were greeted with fees for the safe and communications allowing us free wireless Internet access (but if we pay, then it isn't free, right?) . We hop on the elevator, where we are greeted with our first scent of our stay....what resembles the smell of a shopping mall salon that specializes in perms. We are on the 4th floor, and exit the elevator to be greeted with a urine scent, and a bucket strategically placed in the middle of the hall for what we can only imagine is a leak in the ceiling. We enter our room, and have our next scent presented, MUSTY! Rooms are small, but nothing is as small as the bathroom. This room would be an impossible space to navigate if we were to eat too many po boys during our stay. There is one light in the room, a lamp, and thankfully a window that allowed natural light, during daylight hours. My traveling partner discovers that our tiny bathroom has no soap, so we inform the front desk as we head out to move our car (we opted for free street parking around the corner, rather than the $25 per day charge). Upon our quick return, we have soap. We then sit on the beds for a minute and wonder if we have towels. We look, and low and behold, we do not. We call down and towels are promptly brought up. then we decide to flip on the TV while we discuss our evening plans...when we find that there is no cable. We discover that the COAX from the wall to the circa 1982 television with VCR mounted atop is missing. We again, call down and someone comes up to assess the situation. They assure us that there was a cable in the room before, but provide a new one.Upon returning from our evening out....the elevator provides us with a new scent, this one of a college keg party. There are beer cans strategically placed in all corners of the elevator, and one placed up in the broken ceiling of the elevator. Mind you, the elevator is visible from the front desk, so this has gone eiher unnoticed or unattended by staff. The noise from the hallway throughout the night is above normal, and the paper thin door and walls add to the ambiance. It is near very busy Canal Street, which also provides the soundtrack including horns, people, etc.Checkin is late, 4pm, and checkout is 11 am and not a minute later. The hotel was was clean, in a good location, and the rate was very low. There are other hotels that I would choose beside this one. We will surely be finding alternative accommodations upon our next trip.Highly recommended for college students on a tight budget ;)  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	2	2	

<Author>famu22
<Content>This Is The Best Spot The Chateau Dupre is for the people who want to experience life in the French Quarters. If you are use to staying in expensive five starresorts, hotels, and in luxury suites then this is not the place for you. On the other hand, if you are like me and you came to New Orleans to experince life in the French Quarters then by all means book this hotel. This hotel is aboput 3 blocks from Burbon street andit is on the same street as the House of Blues and Club 300. Not to mention its is within walking distnace of the Riverwalk mall and the Harrah casino. I stayed in this hotel during Essence week-end and it was a wonderfulstay. The staff and the mangment was very hands on and willing to work and help all guests the whole week-end. For instance, when I gotto the hotel I had book to many rooms. The hotel was enforcing there no cancellation policy and could not give me a refund. However, Rachel the hotel maneger understood my postion and rather than stick me for the room she offerd to sell the room I rented to the next customer to walk through the door. I was impressed with her compassion and her williness to help me out although it was not her fault.The only knock I have on this hotel is the fact that they charge you for a safe that u will probally never use and they charge you for access to their phones although in this day and age not many folks use a hotel phone to make personal calls, especially in this age of cell phones and text messeging. Also, during the last day of our staythe hotel ran out of wash clothes and towels.......Man, I was pissed.However, the hard working staff found some extra wash clothes and towels and everything was lovely again.The Chateau Dupre is the Official hotel for Essecne Week-end.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SouthernGeorgiaPeach
<Content>Find Somewhere else to stay If you are planning to go to New Orleans, check other places to stay. First I must say the location of the Hotel is within walking distance of everything you would like to do so that is a plus. To many hidden costs that you are charged for and may never use.And they WILL NOT take these hidden fees off your bill.We arrived on 07/04/07, had no problems with checking in, and the room was a king suite, which was an upgrade to what we had requested. Everything bascially worked except the safe, which was in a closet with no lights, which we told the front desk and was advised they would take the fee off our bill. You could not take a bath as the knob for the shower was stuck, so you had to take a shower for sure. The A/C system worked fine. If you wanted something from the vending, ice, the one and only location was on the 3rd floor. The elevator was old, one time was not even if the door was ever going to shut and had a smell everytime you entered. If you did want to use the internet, you could not use your laptop in the room, you had to go sit in the lobby. We had advised the young girl at the desk on Friday we were needing to leave on Saturday instead of Sunday, was advised we would be no problem. Well, we pack up to leave get down to the front desk, this was were all the problems resulted. They still charged us for Saturday night, would not take the fee of the night off our bill, at first did not want to take the safe fee off but finally did. But, most of all, like most places you stay, they do not charge your charge account till you leave, on Wednesday they had already charged out card, and we were planning to pay cash for the entire bill. The front desk needs to train their staff better, have some off the wall computer system, everyone that was checking out behind us was complaining, and took 1 HOUR to check out. My advice, stay somewhere else, pay the extra money and watch out for the extras they charge that you may never use.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	2	1	

<Author>amanda1164
<Content>awful! after arriving, i found out they never recieved my reservations. and they did not try to help or find out why. they where very rude. must be some kind of new system, because no one knew what they where doing and took over an hour just to get the keys to my room. in the room-blankets had burns in them, no phone book, and the cable and some lamps didnt work, and the bathtub had not been cleaned. sunday, our last night there we called in for some towels. 2 hours later we still had no towels. and when we called back she was very rube, saying we had to go get them, when this was not told to us the FIRST time we called for them.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>KMHChicago
<Content>Not A three star not good The Chateau Dupre is not at all a three star hotel. Further its location is only so so. First off the outside is in need of paint an a touch-up and the lobby is not very inviting, its quite stark. The only vending machine in the hotel is in a service hallway behind the elavator. All of the above would be equal to a two or two and a half star property. Then to the old elavator with exposed scratches and ceilling parts that were falling down. I told a housekeeping person this and he said the parts are in the breakroom just sitting there. I stayed with a friend that arrived later in the day, the first room was very bad with no working lights in the very dark shower and cracked floor tiles in the bathroom. Also the the ceilling had a dirty airduct panal loose and poorly maintained carpet and furnishings. In this room the deadbolt lock did not work either. I was moved to a better room accross the hall but not much better. The bathroom was so small and the sink almost fell off the wall when I leaned against it. The shower was so small I could not even turnaround in it, room 405. When my friend arrived he felt this room was not up to standard and we were moved to 307 on the third floor. This room had better carpet and a bigger bathroom and better looking furnishings. It could be called a two and half star room. Now the staff was not real friendly most did not smile unless prompted by a comment. I did not pay much but still not a three.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	2	1	

<Author>liztGeorgia
<Content>Too many hidden charges Adequate facilities, too many hidden costs. Low room rate does not include $4.95 in-room phone fee (whether or not you use it), $2.95 for in-room safe that is in a dark corner of the closet so you cannnot see to use it, AND the $25.00 plus $3.00 tax per night parking fee. These add-ons make the low room rate much less of a bargain. The complimentary breakfast is a joke. Our AC was not working when we arrived. They did fix it fairly promptly, but they left the aperture in the bathroom ceiling open. The faucet dripped hot water which we reported on Sat. morning, but they had not fixed it when we checked out Mon. morning. A shame to waste all that water.On the good side, the hotel has a great location in the French Quarter, convenient to most of the major attractions.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	3	1	

<Author>Happy_Traveler32
<Content>Quaint little spot A cute old little older hotel. Service was great at the front desk; very friendly and accomodating. Rooms are okay and are a good size. You can tell that there has been some work done to them. Location of the hotel is perfect: Decatur St... You are in walking distance to all the action. Even though we were there in March, it still gets pretty loud at night despite being a couple of streets from Burbon ST. The hotel is decent and for the price, you can't go wrong. Be prepared, however, to park your own vehicle at 20$/day a couple of blocks away. There is no valet parking as per the hotel's website.Definitely check out Preservation Hall... get there early and be prepared for an amazing Jazz experience for 8$. Also, go to caf茅 du Monde for their great caf茅 au lait and their beignets.... they are to die for.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>cjbirdy
<Content>Chateau Dupre is a Treat Chateau Dupre, New Orleans March 16, 2007On the spur of the moment, my husband and I decided to go to NO to see how things were post Katrina. We had not been since June 2005. After trying several hotels we had stayed in previously, we found out that there were two conventions in town and very few rooms available at a price we wanted to pay. I found Chateau Dupre on trip advisor and read the reviews. Some were good, some were not. For a quick trip into town, I thought we could survive one night for the price. We did more than survive. We enjoyed! Yes, it is an old building (built in 1845) but we loved the architectual details such as 12 foot ceilings, crown molding, and brick walls. Our room, bathroom, and bedding were clean and comfortable. The ice machine was right down the hallway and all facilities worked perfectly. It was quiet all night and the heavy, ceiling to floor curtains blocked all light from outside. The staff was friendly and helpful and as a definite plus we were able to check in early. The location is perfect for touring the French Quarters, shopping, or eating. There is valet parking and a light contenintal breakfast. It is not plush, but if you want comfort and affordability with some historical features thrown in to boot this hotel has definite possiblities. We will stay here again!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vacationsaregreat28
<Content>Friendliest and most helpful staff We just spent a long weekend at Chateau Dupre and our overall experience was very pleasant. They just reopened 2 weeks ago and when we checked in originally we had a double bed room reserved which was not ready so we got upgraded to a King room--which we absolutely loved! There was a roomy sitting lounge and then a door to separate to the bedroom itself in the room. The room service was average after the first two nights...after the third night we decided to sleep in until noon and never got out room cleaned that day. When we called just for towels though the staff was very helpful with immediate service and assistance. The front desk staff was extremely friendly and helpful with suggestions for places to go eat as well as to help with any questions we had about the stay. Our room was on the Decatur street side and it was nice to get a breeze...although our window needed to be propped up with a hanger to stay open--guess it's just a hazard of the older building...but no screens made it so that we were not comfortable leaving it open all night. There was one morning, I believe it was Friday, when there was music coming from outside with a strong base that woke us up early (around 6:30 am)...we then bought earplugs but did not need them again. The location was extremely convenient...it's within just a few minutes of Jackson Square and many restaurants on Decatur and Bourbon Street as well as around the corner from a great little breakfast place, Mena's and less than 2 blocks to the Harrah's Casino. Overall we really enjoyed our stay and wish the hotel luck with getting restarted off the ground. We will definitely stay there again for our annual trips to New Orleans!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Jennley
<Content>Blah! Looked like a good deal. We were only staying for 2 nights so we did not make a big deal about it. The halls were dark I did not even want to walk by myself. The door had about a 3/4 of an inch crack in the jam, you could see right into the hallway which meant we could hear the construction very well in the hall. The parking garage next door constantly had people honking as they came down the ramp. The rooms were old and dingy, the bathroom was small and not clean. Do not expect to see anyone at the desk and breakfast was supposed to be a warm breakfast and the lady had complained that she had overslept and would not be serving a warm breakfast. The price was good for a suite but the place was so old and dirty I would not stay there again. No matter the price.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	2	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>dyeharvey
<Content>Not anything like portrayed. This hotel is not anything like it is portrayed. It was dirty, the TV didn't work, the safe didn't work, the door could not lock due to hole in area where lock would be. The pillows were dirty, hardly any lighting. Lots of rooms empty with door knobs off, no one at the front desk. No peace of mind. Would not recomend to anyone. There is no sign outside the hotel except a small name on the door. Very bad experience.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	1	

<Author>FrequentDinner
<Content>Perfect Place in New Orleans My wife and I stayed at the Chateau Dupre during an extended business trip in New Orleans. We had a wonderful time. The staff was friendly and the location was perfect for my wife, who loves to shop, and me, who loves great food. The only complaint that I had was a few noisy neighbors when I had to retire early for my meetings the next morning. I recommended the hotel to my brother-in-law who is headed there next week. I can't wait to get back to New Orleans and the Chateau Dupre.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incompetent and proud of it! If you have never stayed in a hotel before, you won't be disappointed. If you have come to expect things like a front desk staff (it is not staffed for check-in or check-out), coffee for your in-room coffeemaker, wake-up calls, a Do not disturb sign for your door, or a housekeeping staff that comes by two hours after your wake-up call rather than two hours before (8 AM maid visits during Mardi Gras?) then you should spend your money somewhere else. No matter how easy-going you are eventually you will tire of a staff that doesn't care, and is offended that you expect better.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Chateau Dupre My wife and I stayed at the wonderful Chateau Dupre Hotel, a week before the hurricane. The staff was perrfect: layne, melissa, karen, marty. They knew all the best places to eat and tours to take. Such a sad event what miss Katrina did to New Orleans. Michelle and I wish the best.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CHARLIE777
<Content>Never, never stay again The room was the size of a Barbee Dollhouse Bathroom. The only way you could curl your hair in the bathroom was turn sideways and then you could not look in the mirror. You could not even comb your hair and look straight into the mirror. Everything you need in the bathroom had to sit on the floor. Everything had to stay on the floor (makeup, combs, brushes, curling iron, etc.). Washing your hands was even an ordeal. You had to hold the towel between your legs (or lay it on the floor) until you finished washing your hands. No coffee after the first day, no cleaning of glasses, coffee maker and no new linens in bath after first day. No bathcloths after the first day. No closet door. The manager that was there in the afternoon and night was rude. It was dingy, dirty and dark. Will never, ever stay again. After two days, I moved to another hotel.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hurricane Evacuation Perfect Plan Karen did a fantastic job keeping me and my new husband calm trying to get out of town sunday afternoon. she was able to reserve a rental car for us which we got the airport in time to drive away and out of town. I want to also commend the manager marty who had his staff organized and prepared for the forthcoming storm. i saw a box full of flashlights, glow sticks, rope, extra sheets, twowels, radios. i hope the hotel fared okay. New Orleans is a wonderful town and we hope to return. definitely to the hotel Chateau DUpre.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The staff was great Our stay at this Hotel was great. The staff was friendly and very helpful. As soon as we entered the door we were greated by Adonis working the front desk and Terry, the bellman. We arrived early before check-out and our bags were stored for us. A suggestion was made for breakfast at Mothers and when we returned they had a room ready for us. It was before noon and check in time wasn't for hours. Our room was clean and everything worked with no problems. The bed was comfortable and we got a good nights sleep every night. The adjoining restaurant was convenient and the continental breakfast, supplied with your stay, was nice and ample. The price of the room was quite fair for the location. We enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great service I just want to thank Adonis Fuvorite from the Chateau Dupre Hotel in New Orleans for great service. Even though the experience wasn't the best with the room we were given, Adonis was great in relating our problem to the manager and being forthright in suggestions on how to accommodate us. Her cooperation and perfessionalism made the experience much better than it was. Thank you and we plan to return to New Orleans.Sincerely ,Gwenea Jackson  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>adj157
<Content>Great Hospitality I wanted to make sure I gave a GREAT Review regarding my stay during the 4th of July weekend in New Orleans. This was the first time I visited New Orleans since I was a kid and I had a wonderful time. The total atmosphere was awesome. The staff at the Chateau Dupre were great. Melissa at the front desk was very thoughtful and nice, the assistant manager Adrnis Favorite was very pleasant and helpful. The housekeeping staff which included Antionette was very pleasant. Everyone was friendly, out spoken and made sure their guest enjoyed their stay. I will definitely be back to visit. I want the entire staff there to know that is pays to have great hospitality. My friend and I were very pleased. :)April and Tiffany  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will not stay there again I stayed @ the Chateau Dupre this past weekend and Adonis, the check-in clerk was very helpful helping me get to the hotel. She stayed on the phone with me until I arrived @ the hotel. The room was ok. Hand towels were not in the room  the ice chest had purple stuff in it. There was also no sheets in the room for the sofa bed which had a broken mattress. Later that night, a mouse ran across the room  we were immediately moved to another room which was a lot better than the 1st room. The staff was friendly with the exception of a lady and security guard who worked that Friday night. The inside elevator door did not open  she was concerned that we could not get off of our floor. The guard made comments that there were too many of us on the elevator, but the same thing happen several times. The location of the hotel is great.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Adonis was great! Chateau Dupr茅 has an excelent service, namely Ms. Adonis Favorite.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Staff and Service Went over the fouth of july for some fun and adventure and I got just that. As soon as I checked in you can see it was going to be great. Greeted by this cool young kid who immediately picked up my bags and led me to the reception to check in. The young lady checking me in used my name several times and offered the bellmen to send my one little bag up to the room. Room was clean and fresh, like it was newly painted or something. Got directions to the nearest restaurants and clubs. Staff was great, hotel location unbeatable. I work for a small hotel in AK and I took ideas with me. Thanks Again! I'll be back.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>loveNola
<Content>Some issues cannot be corrected As you can see from the date we stayed here, it's been 5 years. However, there are some issues that cannot be resolved. If you get a room in the front of the hotel, you will be facing Decatur St and the House of Blues is just a few doors away. Unfortunately, our stay coincided with Rap Night at the HOB. We were on the top floor, the entire room vibrated from the blasting music in all the traffic on the street. Next morning we moved to the back of the hotel, you only have 2 choices, front or back. All the views from the back are of a parking deck a few short steps away across a narrow alley, heard screeching tires from valet parking attendants all night long. So, if it's peace and quite you need, look elsewhere.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Essence Music Fiasco This establishment played the staring role in the worst trip ever! It would seem that the toilet being constantly flooded would be bad enough, but no, they went and topped themselves by being infested with termites. Lastly, in an attempt to kill the termites maybe, the hotel has electrical problems that caused a fire, landing their guests in a 鈥渟helter-like鈥?domain, that was surprisingly better compared to the Chateau Dupre.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>buddyruff
<Content>Terrible/Need improvement The Chateau Dupre' was not what I expected it to be. If you look on there website the picture looks like it would be a nice vintage style hotel. But once you check your whole overview while change. The picture looks very good but the only thing is they only have one of those rooms in the entire hotel. The rooms that don't have the lounge area is horrible. They had termites, the room i was staying in had electrical problems which caused me to have to scramble to gather all my things and move to another hotel. The only good thing about this hotel was three people that i think went out there way to make sure my stay would go a little bit better. One was this laundry lady name Anoittenete, she was very helpful and outgoing. Second was Adonis one the desk clerks. Third was John the bell doorman he was very helpful in taking our bags to our room. My overall experince was bad and i wouldn't want anybody having to go through what me and my friends went through this past Fourth of July weekend.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SonjaK
<Content>Rustic New Orleans Quite nice. Has a rustic look and feel. GREAT location and easy to get to. Best location for me and two other girls who didn't want to pay a lot, be off the beaten path, or far from the casino and Dickey Brennen's Steakhouse. Staff was very nice; especially Terry Jerome (sweet young man). He was sure to set us off in the right direction. Compared to other hotels, parking was the cheapest we found. Just drive up front and they take it from there. Please be aware that sometimes there is noise even in this part of the Quarter...but so what :O) you're visiting New Orleans!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Big fun in the Big Easy Picture it...two sisters on the lam from the families.....we chose Chateau Dupre off of the internet, once we arrived we never doubted our choice. The ambience of the hotel was great, as was the air conditioning! Coming back from Bourbon Street sweaty from the heat and humidity - imagine our delight in the frigid temps of the hotel. Adonis was a wealth of information, always provided with a smile. Michael the everyman of the place was so gracious and welcoming while showing us our room. Antoinette, our room hostess, was sad to see us leave. We were sad to leave too! We would recommend the hotel - sure..it has it's quirks, but that was part of the charm. The combination of price, location and character topped off by the warmth of the staff can't be beat.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service With A Smile We stayed in the Chateau Dupre and had the opportunity to meet one of the nicest hotel employees ever. Adonis who worked at the front desk greeted us with a friendly smile, patiently answered all our questions about the area, and went above and beyond in every way to insure the quality of our visit. I travel a lot in my job and this young lady made this trip better simply by her friendliness and attention to detail.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrific value! The Chateau Dupre was a charming departure from the usual chain hotels. The room was decorated with an old world charm but clean with modern amenities.Location wise, I do not believe I could have asked for a better spot. It's 5 minutes of walking distance to the French Market, Bourbon St., and the river front. Not to mention, it's surrounded by dozens of great restaurants.Parking was also not a problem due to the hotel's valet service, which was very reasonably priced.The staff was attentive and friendly. I was pleasantly surprised by southern hospitality.Overall, I would definitely stay at the Chateau Dupre on my next visit to Nawlins.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Hotel I've ever stayed in This place was worse than any place I've ever stayed. There were rats in the hallway. We were there about 1 hour when I knew I could not sleep in this place. We were charged for the 3 days we had reserved because we made the reservations online and it was non refundable. That was okay with me...I just wanted out of the slimy place. Horrible...Horrible...Horrible.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The staff is wonderful!! My husband and I had never been to New Orleans before, but knew that we wanted to be in the French Quarter. After reading reviews of hotels, it seemed like the Chateau Dupre would be goodspot.We got there on Friday morning to see if we could check in early. When we said that we wanted a kingsize bed, we were told that there wasn't one available. When I explained to Adonis Favorite, the person at the counter, that this was our 17th aniversary, she made an effort and was able to find a room with a king size bed. The other staff there were wonderful too. John Andrews, took care of our baggage until our room was available, and made sure that it was ready to go when we were able to check in. Everyone - from the women that cleaned our room to the wait staff in the attached restaurant - was terrific. Friendly, informative, and just plain nice!!  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Chateau Dupre After making reservations in January I was taken aback by several negative reviews, but my wife and I found them to be somewhat exagerated. The lobby needs work (and is gettting it), but our room was in great shape. 12 - foot high ceilings and very nice bathrooms greeted us, as did a mammoth cockroach that was quickly flushed away.The late-night revellers from House of Blues a block away awakened us at 4-5 a.m., but I don't hold that against the hotel.It is very reasonably priced for a Quarter hotel and is in a great location.  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not the best place to stay This review was written by a person who was either not accustomed to the simple things of life like hot running water, cleanliness or efficient air conditioning. Because the Hotel Chatue Dupre in many rooms offers none of these, at least during the time we were there. Our room had hot water but the room my brother stayed in did not nor did several rooms occupied by a group of lovely people traveling on an Am Track 9 day tour. God less them. The house keeping left a lot to be desired. I had to re make my own bed because it looked like it was just thrown together. The bathroom needed a good cleaning, as did the rest of the place, The air conditioning could not keep up with the outside temp and it was only in the high 50鈥檚 to low 60鈥檚. The breakfast that was served in the Caf茅 next door was ok but I declined after I saw the cooks filling the plates with bacon and sausage using his un protected hands, ugh! If you stay there after reading this then your displeasure is your just reward and no pity will be given to you. Enjoy the French Quarter but after a long day of walking treat yourself to a good nights rest in someplace like the Sheraton On Cannel Street. Other then this New Orleans was great  
<Date>Apr 15, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>pennyo
<Content>What an Awful Experience We arrived on the 17th of March and the hotel staff checked us in knowing that there was no hot water. It was 43 degrees and you could have used a little heat. However, we had neither heat or hot water for two days. I understand that things can happen and am a fairly patient person. However, what increased our frustraion level was that the front desk found it difficult to be open and honest about the situation. They would make up one excuse after another. Our first room on the 2nd floor had nice high ceilings and was bright but lacked the basic amenities of heat and hot water. On our third day, they moved us to a suite on the 2nd which was supposed to be an upgrade. I guess you might call it that because we did have hot water. However, it was dirty, dark and stuffy wuth no air circulation. By that time, the weather had gotten warmer and we needed air conditioning. We had none and the room temperature remained a steady 83 degrees for the rest of our stay. When we spoke to the front desk person about this, another excuse was provided, along with a promise that we would have air within 30 minutes. That never happened. Oh, was that bedroom carpeting and bathroom dirty. I took my shoes off and in a matter of minutes my socks were black. If you decide to take a chance on this hotel, I would suggest that you ask for a room in the rear. Both of our rooms faced Decateur Street and the noise all night was unbearable. The hotel can't be repsonsible for that but if you want to enjoy a good night's sleep, I would suggest not getting a room on the street. If you check out their web site, I will tell you the two rooms I had looked nothing like what they displayed on the web. I will say that the bell captain was extremely helpful. The manager was new and had only been there for three days. Guess he has his work cut out for him.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>AA13
<Content>Great location, nice hotel We stayed at the Chateau Dupre April 8th - 11th. The location of the hotel is great. French quarter, walking distance to all the attractions, bars, restaurants and not as busy as staying closer to Bourbon Street. The french quarter festival was on April 8th - 10th. Lots of entertainment all over the area. Really great festival to attend. The hotel is an old building but the rooms are clean and the service is friendly. Breakfast in the morning is okay, you have to go before 9AM to get the free coffee and food. Overall we were satisfied with our hotel choice.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Little to Offer Simply put, we would not stay at this Hotel again. When we arrived it 3:30 p.m. it was 10 p.m. when we finally got into our room althought they did let us have a room to change in for dinner. They had a college group in the weekend before that tore the place up. The internet didn't work in the rooms and if you do stay at this hotel don't get a room facing the street. There is a bar that stays open until 2:00 a.m. and the band plays very loud. The hotel was clean. Maybe we had a bad experience.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great! Great! Great! All I can say is great. The hotel- Great! The Front Desk Supervisor (Keyshell)- Great! The Hotel Manager (Darrel)-Great! Housekeeping Manger (Pat)- Great! The Room (406)-Great! The lobby had great artwork and decor, (the couch was a bit dated and worn) I would live at this hotel if I could. It was that good. Darrel, Keyshell, and Pat were 3 of the greatest people I've met in all my travels. I travel a lot (6-8 times a year) and never leave comments about anything. Everything is just good. I had to inform others of my stay at this hotel though. The staff makes your stay even better at this hotel. I have to come back to New Orleans in 4 months and will be giving Darrel a call to let him know I'm coming to visit. The only complaint I have about this hotel is that I was not there long enough. Pat, get the extra coffee! Keyshell- Get my extra keys. Darrel- Have my room ready! I'll see you all real soon. Thanks again for really standing out!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ames
<Content>RATS! No, literally! This was an AWFUL hotel. Vomit in elevator, dirty bathroom, ridiculous surcharges. These things were all managable. I absolutely put my foot down when a rat scurried across the floor. The response from management: This is the French Quarter - what do you expect? was completely unacceptable. They finally agreed to transfer us to a sister property. I will never, ever, ever stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, but more like a two star hotel My long time friend and I went to New Orleans for Mardi Gras 2005. The hotel is in a great location. Easy to access parade routes, close to great restaurants and shops, and of course, Bourbon Street. For a three star hotel I expected alittle more from the Chateau Dupre. I was mostly disappointed with the cleanliness of the room. I had to ask for the tub and sink to be cleaned when we arrived. Garbage was left in the drawers from a previous visitor. Some good points are: 1) the Staff are friendly and accomodating; 2) the restaurant New Orleans Cafe was good, and 3) location in the French Quarter. We enjoyed a good breakfast and lunch at the New Orleans Cafe downstairs in the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware of the Scam Artist Hotel Dupres! Recently, I took my parents to visit New Orleans and we stayed at the Hotel Dupres in the famous French Quarter. Never again! I booked the hotel on Southwest Airline's site (as a support link for hotel bookings in the area we booked are flights to). I completed the online booking and the reconfirmed with the hotel after by phone, only to find that they had no knowledge of this reservation. They were rude about it, and took no responsibility at all. After going through everything on the phone again, I found that, on the day of our arrival, they still only had only one of the two reservations...still not a problem really, since they were able to re-book the second. When we arrived at the hotel, we found a party of four checking in having a particularly hard time with the front desk...which, in hindsight, should have being a warning. When we checked in, we were surprised to find that there were mandatory service charges (ie. a safe in the room that we were charged for even if we did not use it (for $4.95/night, as well as being charged for 'long distance' and 'internet access' for $2.95/night even if we did not use it!).After a huge hassle, and a fight with the manager, these charges were waived. The rooms were dirty and unclean. We had to switch rooms also, (which was no easy task) as their fans were on full blast and the rooms were freezing cold! Don't try and have the hotel flag you a cap either, since the gentleman who worked for the hotel took 15-20 minutes to get one, causing us to be late for a dinner engagement.Oh, and another scary discovery was the padlocked emergency exits, which I discovered after giving up on the snail-paced elevator to arrive. They are locked from the outside as my dad noticed!By the way...just to let you know...the French Quarter itself wasn't much better. It felt as if most of the service industry there is somewhat contemptuos of tourists (that's nice, considering tourism is one of their biggest businesses!). We found restaurant staff and shop employees to be either disinterested in serving us and/or rude. Oh, and we were successfully scammed by a cab driver when we were charged $12 for a 4 block ride on a quiet friday morning. He did not turn the meter on and insisted on a flat rate.Oh well, live and learn I guess.I will however metion that the Grapevine restaurant in the French Quarter was amazing...friendly knowledgable staff and great food/ambiance....although, come to think of it, this restaurant was recommended by locals.figures!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just what we expected We stayed at the Chateau Dupre Jan. 20th - 22nd. I read all the reviews and was surprised how hot and cold the reviews were. I can't say any of them, good or bad, were that off base. I will say that we did not see any roaches or mice. I found the place to be old (built in 1854 or so) but quaint in its own way. They do have some maintenance they could do to the place, but it was clean. If you are expecting something even like a Hampden Inn or Ramada...this is not the place for you. It worked for us. We found that we weren't in the room that much, there is so much to see and do in the French Quarter. We would leave in the morning and return late. It's very close to many of the attractions. Our friends stayed at a very nice place right on Burbon St, I believe rooms started at $266/night, and while it was nice, they felt as though they wasted their money because they were never there. They would have been happy at the Chateau Dupre.If you plan to stay here go with an open mind and you will be fine. If you have any questions feel free to email me.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Chateau Nightmare Although we had a reservation, they had given our room to someone else. When we finally were provided a room, it had no hot water in the shower. The first morning we were woken up very early by maintenace crews scraping carpet off the floor. When we tried to return to our room in the afternoon, we couldn't get there because our room was blocked by a large section of wet leveling compound. We moved to a different room where we got no sleep due to the noise of garbage trucks in the alley. The fire exit door was missing a handle. The staff was rude and very unaccomidating. I can't believe the tripadvisor rating. I've traveled the world and this was the worst hotel experience I've ever had. Don't do it!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very disappointing The first 2 rooms they tried to send us to were dirty or had guests in it already. The toilet flooded. No vent in bathroom. Problems with the keys . The staff very friendly and try there best but I will not stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will Never Stay Again We stayed at the Chateau Dupre on January 7, 2005. When we arrived, the toilet was dirty. We informed the front desk, and left the hotel for about an hour. Upon our return, nothing had been done. We requested service again - still nothing. My husband requested cleaning supplies and cleaned it himself. Also, there wasn't any hot water on the evening of the 7th. We had a social event to attend that night that kept us from leaving. Otherwise we would have gone to another hotel. We will never stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Old Hotel I recently stayed 3 nights in this hotel and was very disappointed. The Hotel is very old and was not cleaned very well daily. The water pressure in the hotel was also horrible. In addition, they were very understaffed which attributed to long lines at the check in counter. I had many sleepless nights at this hotel as there were some instances that I found bed bugs in the bed before going to bed. The one good thing about this hotel was the location.. but I would rather find a cleaner hotel than stay again here for the location.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ENJOYED MY STAY WITH CHATEU DUPRE Me and a group stayed there for Bayou Classic and i must say people was very helpful kind and just enjoyable .. besieds the food being good .. The hospitality was marvelous .. 3 THUMBS up are shoould I say 5 Stars up in my book chateu .. thansk !  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Adore Chateu Dupre My Friends and I stayed at the Chateu Dupre for a weekend. I was very impressed with the friendly staff and accomadations. To our delight a bottle of chapange was sent to our room in celebration of the bride to be. Can't wait to stay at the Chateu Dupre again!!!!!!!  
<Date>Dec 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tewks
<Content>Maybe the worst hotel in New Orleans I travel on business to New Orleans regularly, and this is easily the worst hotel I've found in the city. The location is great; if you are going for partying in the French Quarter and all you want is a place to crash after stumbling back drunk out of your mind, this is your place. The rooms are miniscule, the little bit of furniture is beaten up, the rooms are dirty (actually, the entire place is dirty), most rooms seem to not have any window, you get a mandatory fee for the safe in the room (which, of course, did not work) and you don't even get a clock in the room (when I asked at the front desk about this they were surprised I might want one in the room). Also, the walls are paper thin, and the room doors are quite flimsy, so when everyone else comes stumbling in drunk, you get to listen to them party away, both in the hallways and in their rooms. Basically, unless you are under 25 and going to New Orleans for total drunken debauchery and simply wanting a place you can find easily after drinking, then this is your place. Otherwise, keep looking!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>See the hookers scamper, play maintenance man, in the Chateau Dump What a unbelievable dump, if you stay here make sure you get the room over looking the dumpster in the alley so when the trash guys bang the dumpster at 3 am and the hookers scamper with their tricks you will have a view of the freak show, besides you listened to them all night, why not watch them run when threatened?If you are a real tech say traveler you can fix their internet, by resetting the $30 wireless D-link router in the linen closet that never works. Don't worry, they will still charge you the excess fee for the service, besides you get to play maintenance man for a day.Breakfast? Sure, just bring the Pepto, you are gonna need it.Bring an overfull wallet for the excess charges they pile on you during checkout. But after your stay, you likely can file suit in small claims and win, then getting your money back, you will have earned it.I am a business traveler who travels to 6 to 8 weeks per year.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2004
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Gremlin55
<Content>This place is a rip-off and a dump!! - Very disappointing I booked our room at the Chateau Dupre at neworleansfinehotels.com. I called the 1-800 number instead of finishing booking over the internet since it did not specify smoking or non-smoking on the king room that we wanted. The lady I spoke with assured me that we would have a non-smoking king room for 169.00 per night for 2 nights. When we arrived our 1st night, we were put in room 402 which had 2 double beds, a tiny bathroom with only a shower(no tub) no bigger than a phone booth, and was no doubt the worst room we have ever been put in in all of our years of travelling. I was furious and spoke with the manager who told me that there was nothing that he could do for that night. We were moved the next day to 405 which was a king room that we were supposed to be in. All in all, it was better, but not classy like the rooms that are advertised on the website. Our total bill for 2 nights was $444.32 which included parking. I was shocked. This is such a rip-off and I hope that I can prevent anyone else from making this same mistake. At one point when we were going through the lobby, we overhead someone else complaining about booking a King room and receiving a double instead. So, this must be a common practice to lure unsuspecting tourists into this trap. I told the manager that I would never return and will never recommend this place to anyone. I don't see how the employees can work at this place (if they have any concious at all) and feel good about people being treated this way.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great place to stay! We had a short weekend and needed a place to stay. We found the Chateau Dupre on Decatur Street to be a welcome enviornment! Rooms are roomy enough. Location is close enough and the management and front desk staff are nicer than nice! We'll be back!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pagriep
<Content>Contact the hotel directly I made my reservations approximately 6 weeks before arriving at the hotel. I called the number located at the ---------------- website. After reviewing the hotel on tripadvisor.com and their website, I decided to request a room that was recently renovated. I heard that the non-renovated rooms were poor.When I made my reservations, the individual indicated that they had renovated rooms available. Therefore, I made my reservations and thought that everything was ok.When I arrived, I asked the clerk if I was receiving a renovated room. She indicated that they were all out of those rooms. I indicated that I made the reservations with the understanding that I would get a renovated room. I asked to speak to a manager, but he would not be in until the morning. I was frustrated and angry.She indicated that we would receive a room that they called Room 101. What a dump. I believe that it was a janitor's closet that was converted to a room. Although we slept ok, it was not worth $159 for that night. The room had holes in the walls, the tv did not have a remote, only had about 9 channels, the bathroom had someone elses shampoo bottle in it, the door leaked light through it, and we heard all of the noise from the lobby. We were the only room on the first floor, therefore the name Room 101.The next day, I patiently waited for the manager. He indicated that the 1-800 number that I called to make the reservation did not forward the specific room information to them. He decided to adjust the rate and move us to a renovated room. Although I had a poor night, I was somewhat happy with the agreement.The new room was great. It was what I expected to have when I made the initial reservations. Other guests of the hotel indicated that they did not have a good room. Bottom line is to make sure that you have a renovated room and contact the hotel directly. You don't want to be stuck in the janitor's closet.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>NO HI SPEED INTERNET AS PROMISED I pride myself for finding good deals on the internet. I have booked many family vacations, couples vacations and business trips for my husband. In this case, my husband was attending a conference but the hotel it was held at was full. I searched the area until I came up with this one...good price (my husband wasn't looking for frills) and it offered hi-speed internet. This factor was extremely important to my husband so I even phoned the hotel directly and they assured me it was available and up and running.I was very anxious to hear from my husband to see what he thought of hotel. He arrived late at night and called me. He told me it was OK but pretty old. The next evening he called and told me there was a problem with the internet. The front desk kept assuring him that it would be working. My husband was there from Monday to Friday and it never did work!He said he went to go for the free breakfast but took one look and searched for another restaurant instead.I tried to ignore some of the negative remarks for this hotel as there seemed to be so many positive ones but in the end, I guess the negative ones were more in line with the truth. Also, as the old saying goes...you get what you pay for. The price was cheap.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic The room was beautiful, the location is fantastic (right in the Quarter), and the staff were professional, courteous and beyond helpful. We had a great time and will definitely stay here again on our next trip. I strongly recommend the Dupre -- it's a wonderful hotel and it's a great value!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't go It was a mess from the beginning. We arrived and had to double park our car in the sreet. They said no one would tow it but we still had to worry about getting hit. We got to our room around 5:00pm and couldn't get in because the key wouldn't work. Once we got in we had the view of a parking gargage and no air. We advised the front desk of this and at 9:30 pm still had no air. I was given a different room. Adown grade off inthe corner that was about a 10'x10', the bathroom door wouln't even close. The next day we were in our room and the front desk kept on calling and some kept knocking at the door wanting to look at the fuse box, talk about privacy. The evelator was so bad you were scared to get in it. Needless to say they did give lower our room rate for one night but in all reality it should have been done for both. Upon leaving I thought it was best to forget it instead of arguing about what was right. The best thing was the resturant ajoing the holet but you had to listen to the host get out of line for no reason before being seated. We had frinds also staying in the hotel they had a big standing fan in there room to be able to cool of the bedroom. We also had some friends that are now canceling there reseverations(another Twoo rooms) because of the horror storey. The only thing I can say is it was better than sleeping in the car!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quaint in the French Quarter Hotel is convienent to the French Quarter. The Orleans Cafe, next to the lobby, has very good food, musical entertainment and a well stocked bar.The front desk, especially Devon, is extremely helpful in arranging transportation and/or making reservations at any eating establishment.The room was small, yet very comfortable, as was the king sized bed. A/C works great.All employees were extremely friendly, with special note to Devon and thanks to her for all of the help she provided.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Magnificent!! We went on vacation to New Orleans and chose the Chateau as our hotel. Wewere glad with our decision. We were not glad that a hurricane was supposedto hit the city on the days we were there. I have never experienced ahurricane and was petrified. I couldn't get a flight home, I was literallytrapped. I was a wreck. I didn't want to do anything besides go home. Thatwas not possible though.I stayed in my room for a good bit and then received a kncok at my door fromthe hotel manager Darrell Crisp. He came to introduce himself to each andevery guest. He asked if I had ever been through a hurricane, I told him noand he explained to me what to expect. I told him I was terrified and hetold me that he refused to let me stay in my room the entire time. He askedme to come down stairs when I got a chance and meet him. I came down, methim and he told me he refuses to let me stay in my room the entire time. Herecommended where I should go for dinner. AND, he was staying at the hotelthroughout the storm to keep an eye on everything. He even told me his roomnumber and told me I was more than welcome to call at any time if I wasscared, had any questions or needed anything. AMAZING! Fortunately, I didn'thave to disturb him. He did call back though later in the evening to checkon me. He was working just like a regular employee. Had I not known, I wouldnever have thought he was the hotel manager because I saw him working.Moving furniture and plants and checking on all of the people.Another phenominal employee was Keishelle. She also was at the hotel for theentire 2 days. She must have been tired from working so much, but she wasextremely polite and helpful. I want to personally thank both of thesepeople. Darrell and Keishelle were very comforting with their kind words.My favorite part of the entire stay was the managers dog. He was in thelobby and so adorable and playful. I have pictures that I just had to takewith the cute little thing. I want to return just to visit him.After all of this preparation, the storm didn't even hit. THANK GOODNESS!Again, thank you to the wonderful staff at Chateau for being so comforting.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top Notch Stay! We just returned home from our stay at the Chateau Dupre. We had the best time. Keshell checked us into our room and was very helpful with any questions. We were at a good location for everything we wanted to do while we were there. The room was an average size room but nice. There were a few small things that made our stay better. We complained that our toilet was stopped up and it was taken care of very quickly and to top that the hotels manager (Mr. Crisp) called us personally....JUST TO MAKE SURE IT WAS RESOLVED. That was quite a surprise. Never has a manager called my room just to make sure that everything was okay. Mr. Crisp has a great staff with Keshell and Tim. Another small perk if you will; They don't use plain soap dishes in the rooms. They have these great sqaure dishes instead that have musical instruments on them and they have a lot of colors. My wife even bought a few as gifts. I don't visit New Orleans often, but when and if I go back I'm looking forward to staying at Chateau Dupre. Thank you!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>HOTEL OK-WATCH THE RESTAURANT We spent one night (9/4/2004) as my birthday gift from my significant other. The hotel was very good for one that is old. We enjoyed the room and the staff.The surprise came later in the day when we decided to have a night cap at the adjoining restaurant. We drank 6 glassses of wine and were presented with a charge of $36. The receipt was handwritten on a piece of cash register paper without an itemized list and price of items as is usual in restaurants.I guess we should have asked the price of wine before ordering.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dincy
<Content>Tolerable, but barely My brother and I stayed here in Dec. 2003. He had one of the renovated rooms; I didn't. His was nice, mine wasn't. His faced the street and got a lot of street noise; mine did not and was quiet. A fee for our protection of $7/day was added to our prepaid rates. No manager was ever available to discuss this with. Front desk staff ranged from bordering on rude to very polite  ostensibly helpful. Hallways dingy, stairwells full of junk, furnishing in my room well-used, carpet stained, curtains hanging askew. Maintenance (very friendly and helpful) was sent to kill the cockroaches I complained of in my bathroom, and a couple other problems. They never did fix the curtain problem. It is in a great location and perhaps when the renovation is completed it will be bearable in all rooms. Restaurant is good.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2004
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hot, Stinky, Old, Disappointing What a great disappointment. Newly renovated -- I don't think so. We were put in two different rooms because of problems. Cracks in walls and ceiling, stained drapes that did not close, water pressure was terrible in tub and stool, tub in one room was ghastly, strange odors in rooms and hallways. New Orleans in August and the AC did not work adequately regardless of how you tried to control it in your room -- miserable sleeping. Mandatory charge for phone and safe -- used neither. Noise level from outside and inside was tremendous. Being located on the French Quarters alone does not make it worth a stay. Spend a few dollars more and stay at a better place!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location in French Quarter We were pleased to find a reasonably priced Hotel on the edge of the French Quarter. The hotel was in walking distance of many attractions. (Do not plan to walk a lot in July unless you are accustomed to the heat  humidity.) We especially enjoyed the art galleries on Royal St, gumbo at the Gumbo Shop and lunch with music at French Market.You should try to get a room facing Rue Decatur, because the view is better.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I Love The Chateau Dupre' My Husband and I stayed at the Chateau for 6 nights for our anniversary, and I have nothing but WONDERFUL things to say about the Chateau!!! I loved my suite from top to bottom, the location is perfect (for walking around during the day, eating at great restaraunts, museums, art, and for the night life.. we were in walking distance of EVERYTHING) The staff that worked those 6 nights were incredible!!! They definatly catered to our every need... ecspecially the LOVELY Manager on duty.. Mr. Crisp!!! He was what made our little vacation a home away from home.. he treated us like family!!!! I LOVE DARRELL CRISP AND THE CHATEAU DUPRE'!!! I absolutly adore that establishment, I would go there every weekend and stay if I could. It's right in the heart of the Quarter.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Worst Tried to stay at this hotel. Checked in at front desk and person who waited on us was very rude. Told us we had to pay so much per day for the phone and safe and told her we did not want either. Said we HAD to take them both. Paid them and went up to the room. Plugs falling out of walls, lights so dimthat it looked like a Spook House, bathroom dirty, drape falling off wall!! Window view was of the Alley. Went down and told the girl that checked us in that we wanted our money back and was not staying. She said, No Way and if so, she would have to charge us for one night even tho we did not spend one night in the DUMP. Manager finally came gave us a full refund and we went to the Provincial where we had a beautiul room with river view and the staff could not have been nicer!Don't even think about staying at Chateau Dupre. You will be sorry!!!!  
<Date>May 29, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Joycenola
<Content>Pretty Good! After reading some of the reviews, we were very hesitant to stay at the Chateau. Fortunately, we took the advise of friends and booked a room here for 3 nights. Everything was great... our room was nice, the staff were friendly, and best of all, we were close to everything!  
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Standing in Water 1. Beware the $2.95 safe charge and $4.95 telephone charge! 2. I took 3 showers in 3-4 inches of water. I let the front desk know twice, apparently they never informed the maintance crew. Manager said they try their best but it's an old building. Check the plumbing.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My Review of Chateau Dupre We spent 4 nights at the Chateau. It looks much nicer in the photos. We had a room with 2 double beds. There is a sofa also. The best thing about the room is that it was very large. However, keep in mind that this is a very very old hotel so do not expect it to look like the Radisson. There were cigarette burns in the blanket and the toilet handle kept coming off. The building does have an old smell. The shower had little water pressure. It was hard to figure out how to turn the thing on. The parking fee per day is a little high, but you have no choice as there is nowhere to park. The free internet service works some of the time. You have to move around the room to find the signal. Then it comes and goes. THey still charge you for the internet fee even if you don't use it. The hotel however, is located right in the French Quarter so you can walk to everything including the casino. I can't complain too much because we had a good time but if you are looking for an upscale newer hotel, I wouldn't recommend this one. If you can deal with an older building and some of the things I've mentioned you will enjoy it.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChrisVancouver
<Content>Not nice We spent 4 days here during Mardi Gras and were very disappointed. We had 3 rooms for our group so are able to compare somewhat. The only thing this hotel has going for it is location and a certain historical feel/look with high ceilings and interesting architectural details, etc. The list of negatives is long and to be fair I will provide detailed examples.The worst aspect of all was the service - with one exception the staff were consistently rude and unhelpful. We booked 3 king bed rooms, reserved 3 months in advance, checked in early, were assured they were available but being cleaned for us then ended up with only one king bed for the whole stay. The desk staff would not look you in the eye (for good reason) as they explained, for example, the mandatory charges added to your quoted rate ($5 per day for long distance plan, $3 per day for the safe - we used neither, refused to sign for same but were charged anyways it's not optional, you have to pay - they offered the manager but he of course was never available and never attempted to contact us - every day we heard them giving the same bored and very rude spiel to everyone who checked in). The staff were unable or unwilling or unprepared to provide help with restaurant selection, events, tours, etc. The second day we got notes under our doors saying that because of mardi gras there would be limited (read no) maid service but please still tip the customary $5 per day.We paid a higher rate for Mardi Gras so maybe I was expecting too much from what is ultimately a budget, one or two star hotel. There were holes in the sheets and blankets (cigarette and others), rodent/insect traps in the rooms, very poor water pressure (a trickle for our bathroom sink), odd smells in the rooms (different in each room!), emergency stairs used as storage areas for various large items (bed frames, building supplies, etc.), curtains that didn't slide and hung askew, loud elevator noise all day and all night, etc.The main feeling you were left with, based on the physical plant, service level and attitude of the staff was that nobody cared about the place or what they were doing - from management on down. It would take relatively little money and proper management to make this place great. You are only left wondering why they can get away with it.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2004
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A good time Went for Mardi Gras 2004 and found the place to be better than I feared it would be but not as good as I had hoped. Even though I had asked to get a non smoking room they informed me when I checked in that I had been preassigned a smoking room. The room didn't smell bad, however, so we didn't make a big deal out of it. The room in general was clean and authentic and seemed like they had tried to make an effort to create a really nice little place. The ceilings in the room were something like 11 feet tall and were impressively accented by huge curtains and trim. The furniture was somewhat stylish. The beds were cheap but the pillows were nice. The wallboards in the bathroom were missing, exposing the rotting drywall underneath. The bathroom was cheap, cramped and generally like a dorm bathroom. Water pressure was very bad. When it rained the window sill leaked water into the room. The maid service only delieved new towels throughout mardi gras. The staff was friendly and helpful.The location is very good; about a 15 minute walk to bourbon and a one minute walk to the parades for mardi gras. If you're looking for a decent place to spend a few days in new orleans, this is it. If you're looking for a bed and breakfast or some special country getaway this will disappoint.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2004
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

