<Author>izapeach
<Content>Graduation 2008! Great Family TIme! The was a big weekend for us. Master's Graduation! Family from all over came. We had 5 rooms! The location is Excellent for walking to the quarter and being on the Street Car Line for the trip to the Garden District. Each of our rooms was different and distinctive. A great place to stay if you don't want a cookie cutter room!The Staff was excellent. Francis was wonderful. Patrick welcomed us and made sure we were happy with all our accommodations. The Bellman had is hands full with us and was very gracious. We are looking forward to another stay soon.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	3	5	

<Author>NWtraveler_8
<Content>Fine but not a four star luxury hotel It was fine. Our biggest complaint was that during our four night stay, we never had our room cleaned once. The housekeeping person came by each day to clean our room, but often at 9am. Considering that we went to New Orleans partly to enjoy the night life and that we were coming from the West Coast time zone, we just decided to forgo having our room serviced at what would be 6 am our time. We did ask if they could come back later and were told that there was only one person, so no. The hotel itself is a little quirky, which I liked. But a hotel can be quirky and historic and still feel luxurious. This one didn't. There are areas of the hotel that are run down and could use a new coat of paint, for example.I don't know what I paid for the room because it was part of a package. It might have been an incredible deal. I was just a little disappointed that it didn't feel like a four star hotel as advertized.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>Diane6363
<Content>Disappointing stay at St. James From time we arrived late Christmas night, to check out 2 days later, our whole experience was awful. So much for southern hospitality. Valet guy was asleep on the couch in the lobby, front desk guy was rude and seemed bothered that we were checking in, actually asked us why we were so late. The only fairly polite personnel was the bellman we encountered upon checkout and he actually helped us with our luggage. Total suprise since the balance of our stay I don't think any of them even smiled. Most of the time there was no one even manning the front desk, and forget about getting them on the phone.The room was nice, bed comfortable, but mold on grout in the bathroom. We left room next morning around 10am, returned around 5pm and no maid service. Asked if that was normal and did we have to specifically ask for service, and she just shrugged and said, no it's standard practice but not sure why we were missed. Asked them to at least give us more towels and coffee while we were out, but upon return around 2am still nothing in the room, no offer to bring them to the room and we had to go to front desk to get it ourselves. Not a 4 star experience to say the least. Valet $25 + $3 tax They advertise free valet which I didn't opt for, I'd hate to imagine how much worse that service would be if it was free. Spent 2 days trying NOT to be as unfriendly and rude thinking they might get the hint. The good personnel I've read about in other reviews must have been taking the holiday off.I travel alot and can't remember a more dissapointing stay than this one. I've stayed many placed in New Orleans, but wouldn't reccommend or stay again.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>winotter
<Content>A great, smart, well-priced hotel I stayed at the St. James for three nights over the weekend of November 14, 2008. I have to say that I was very pleased with everything. The location was far from glamorous but was situated conveniently to all relevant parts of New Orleans. I never felt unsafe (except when I was on the back side of Bourbon Street late one night, but I digress). The St. James was very welcoming and clean. The staff was accommodating. The add-ons, I agree, are silly, such as the added costs of unlimited phone use and the in-room safe--nightly charges. But there is still great value here and I would return in a Boston minute.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>justvisiting4now
<Content>Best Hotel in New Orleans I first visited this hotel in the fall of 2007. Recently I had to select a hotel in New Orleans for my staff and I that could accomodate us for a period of three months. We typically stay at a Hilton brand hotel due to the customer loyalty program. I recalled the excellent stay during the fall of 2007 (specifically the professionalism with which Patrick, the AGM, handled the political organization I accompanied during this time) and decided to return to the St. James. Once again, I was greeted by Patrick and Miss Ann. They went out of their way time and time again to ensure that our party received outstanding service. I am grateful for their hospitality and dedication to ensure we had everything we needed for the duration of our stay.This hotel is beautiful. The service is outstanding. The restaurant is magnificient. It's a place like no other and you will always feel like family.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CentralNJKeith
<Content>St. James and the French Quarter, Perfect Placement We stayed at the St. James for 5 days before Thanksgiving, as a quick getaway before the holiday season started. The only thing I knew about the hotel was what I found on this site, and from the hotel's website. Even with great reviews seeing is believing and we were a tad nervous booking without seeing. We shouldn't have been, it was a great hotel with great staff (not an unfriendly one in the bunch) and a perfect location, 5 minute safe walk to Bourbon Street, or Harrah's Casino or to the Riverwalk and streetcars. We never had to rent a car, nor take a taxi but for getting to and from the airport.When we arrived 6 hours early we were told we could have a less desirable room right away, or wait until normal check-in for a great room. We waited, and although there was a small snafu with our room selection at that time, we were bounced up to a 2-room suite by management within a couple of minutes, classy move which put us into an extraordinary room; #220, with the most comfortable bed we've ever slept on in our many hotel stays.Now if there was a negative it was only that we made a late night request for a room refrigerator. The desk advised us the request would be filled the next day when the personnel returned who took care of that. However, it never was fulfilled. Oh well, we used ice and kept our leftovers cold that way instead. A very minor inconvenience that in no way changed our opinion of the St. James.On a personal note, there were two employees who stood out, a young man who was the bellhop on 11/22 and the young woman at the front desk, who on that day was sick but still remained friendly and helpful. I don't have their names but both deserve credit for representing the hotel in a positive manner.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GaSweetheart
<Content>Nice My boyfriend and I stayed in St. James for a few nights while we were in New Orleans. We ended up having to add an extra night onto our trip and the front desk was very helpful in getting us a great price for the extra saturday night. Everyone we encountered at the front desk was super friendly to us, and answered most of our questions since it was our friend time in New Orleans.There were a lot of hidden charges that were added on to our bill when we checked out. Valet typically took around 15 to 20 minutes once we let them know that we needed our car, but I can't really blame them too much since parking down town is ridiculous and overcrowded. Overall, the room was nicely furnished, seemingly new, and decent. It seemed that our room hadn't been vacuumed before we got there, but upon mentioning it to the front desk it was cleaned by the time we got back. The location is nice - within walking distance to most things. If we had to, I would probably stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>VoodooMcFarland
<Content>St. James was really good! Four of us stayed at the St. James last weekend. My wife and I were in Room 117 which had a courtyard by the small pool. It was nice to stick your feet in the pool to cool off after walking so much. Ann at the front desk was fabulous. I really enjoyed her calling us honey and baby She is a real southern belle. She was also VERY informative on what to do and see etc. Patrick was helpful also. The room was great except the hot water was a bit lacking. The Cajun Encounter swamp tour was great even tho it sounded boring. It was really cool. Lots of gators and lore from Cap'n Nolan. Ask for him. He is down to earth, fun and knowledgable. We ate about 1000 oysters at various places and of course drank alot. For some reason housekeeping knocked on our door every hour starting at 9am which is early when you are out until 2am? I recommend this hotel. Classy and close and affordable. Be prepared, the Quarter is a freakin' circus and I ain't no prude.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>erikthegreat1
<Content>Enjoyed the St. James We wanted a smaller, more historic hotel that was near the scenes of New Orleans but not so close that there would be random trouble outside in the streets or in the halls. This is the most perfect hotel for being close (within walking distance), without being too close. After you wind down your festivities for each night, you can expect a quiet, relaxed mood when you walk into your room.The front staff is great no matter what time it is. I remember only one name in particular, Ms. Ann because she helped me with directions and took good care of us when it came to the everyday things each morning like getting our vehicle from valet or questions about the city. The overnight staff always made sure to greet us and I always felt safe. Wish I could remember their names!!!The housekeepers were very nice, especially when it was a late morning. They asked what we needed from them, which made us feel like they cared about our stay.The rooms were decent, the bed was comfortable and so huge that our room needed more space , but all the amenities were top notch. I would recommend staying at the St. James.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>MissySue79
<Content>We loved it!!       Our Favorite Employee!!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Erinb109
<Content>Amazing, amazing! My boyfriend and I stayed at this wonderful hotel this past weekend and had the most wonderful experience. The atmosphere was welcoming and the hotel was beyond clean. The staff, most notedly the night staff, helped us with all and I mean ALL of our needs. Alyssa and Braxton are the two people that helped make our stay amazing. Willing and helpful with each question we had, they made sure that we were always comfortable and happy. We truly loved our stay and plan on going back the next time we decide to take a trip back to New Orleans.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GoingEverywhere
<Content>Good Hotel, Fantastic Restaurant The St. James Hotel is a nice hotel. It's comfortable and we had no problems. If you can, get a room on the top floor... our room had a raised beam ceiling. It adds a lot of character to the room. On the ground floor, the St. James has one of the best restaurants in the city. Even if you don't stay here, eat at Cuvee! Impressive wine list, great food, and a casual upscale dining experience. The Trip Advisor reviews speak for themselves.The St. James is by no means one of the best hotels in the city, nor would I call it a full-service hotel. But you'll be within easy walking distance of the French Quarter and the best of the city, and you'll sleep well. I read an earlier review that claimed Hotwire called it a 4-star hotel. It's a 3-star by most accounts, and it's perfectly nice.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Mimi&papa
<Content>Loved This Hotel I was having second thoughts about this hotel. But I was so happy when we got their. We didn't want to stay at a big chain hotel we can stay at one at any time. I need to tell you that it was my birthday and I was so happy when we got to our room and they gave us a suite. The hotel is so special, the people that work their are so nice. Loved the small pool, Don't have second thoughts about its great.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	-1	3	

<Author>randomtraveler
<Content>Not worth the proce Our stay was less than desired. The rooms do not look like what they advertise. the bathroooms are nothing more than your average Hoiday Inn bathroom. we even had to ask for toilet paper. You have to valet park your car or find a lot somehwhere, There is no parking for the hotel. That is an extra 25.00 per night. There is also a nonrefundable fee for a in-room safe and to have a telephone in the room whether you use it or not. None of this was disclosed to us when we booked the room. The rooms are very small. The hotel staff ( front desk) had only been on the job for two days. and was left alone with no supervision. Didn't even know the manager's name when we complained that there was a parking ticket in our car from the New Orleans Police department. The valet company parked our car incorrectly.. They have promised to take care of the ticket, but thank goodness we saw it thrown in the console of the car before we left town !! We are still waiting on the manager to return our call, It has been 78 hours.. think they will call???  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	-1	1	2	-1	

<Author>ThibodauxSamantha
<Content>Hated my stay here My husband, son and I stayed two nights in this hotel while visiting my parents in New Orleans. When we checked in I was surprised to hear about the internet, phone and safe charge, but did not complain. It was not very expensive and I was in a good mood since I had just arrived in New Orleans. We unpacked and hit the streets. After we arrived back at the St. James Hotel we noticed that our room was extremely hot. I tried to call the front desk when I realized that our phone cord had been ripped out of the wall. I then walked to the front desk and informed them of the air conditioning and phone problem. They promised to send someone to fix the phone in the morning. They also said that the air conditioning had a sensor that made it turn off while no on was in the room. (I thought this sounded reasonable) I went back to the room and noticed the motion sensor and the a/c began to cool. After falling asleep I woke up every hour sweating. In order to get the air to turn back on I had to get out of my bed and wave my hands in the air. Needless to say it is June in New Orleans and it is extremely hot! I complained the next day. The staff was very rude and refused to accomodate me in any way. I then waited 45 minutes for my car to be brought by valet. This a/c was fixed that day. I thought our stay was looking up. I called the front desk at 8:30 to have my car there at 9:00 am since I had to be at a brunch. I went outside at 9 o'clock. My car was not there. The front desk then called the valet drivers again in front of me. At 9:30 I had them call them again. They did not arrive until 9:45. I was an hour late for my appointment and they refused to take the valet charge off of my bill.This hotel was very nice looking, but had horrible amenities. There are no vending machines, the ice machine is in a scary utility closet, and it is not very secure. I would suggest trying another hotel if you plan to visity New Orleans. This city has so much to offer and this hotel is a horrible representation of such a wonderful place.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	2	2	2	

<Author>ruggergjr
<Content>Stay away!!!!!!!!!! Having traveled fairly extensively, I can honestly say this was the worst hotel I have ever stayed at in the US or abroad.  Booked the room months in advance. Arrived to be told that there was no non-smoking rooms available other than one with no window (no window in a hotel room?). We opted for the smoking room which should have been designated a mandatory smoking room given the stench of leftover smoke within. Tiny room with window looking across small alley to another window - hard to tell if it was day or night with drapes drawn. Oh well, it's late, hot shower and bed, oops, no hot water - none for four consecutive days - it became a running joke with the other people staying at the hotel. We happened to come in from a rainstorm drenched and ran into another couple in the same circumstance who joked, well, at least we can get a hot shower - NOT! Front desk first suggested running the water for ten to fifteen minutes and it might get hot (environmentally sound, eh?). When I told them I wasn't interested in wasting that water, they sent a young man who looked at the plumbing for a few minutes and then left, never to be seen again.  No maid service two days out of four - towels and sheets never changed in four days. Internet charge of 4.95 a day and no signal in room; safe charge of 2.95 a day - you find out about these for the first time when you check in.  We had chosen the hotel because we bid on and won a two night stay certificate at a charity auction - despite several calls before we arrived confirming the acceptance of the certificate, the new person at the front desk took it but didn't know if he could accept it - get credit card bill and charged full freight ($189 a night) for four nights. Call the manager who tells me that the chain (New Orleans Fin Hotels) gives out the certificates and stay has to be booked through them (not mentioned on the certificate or by any of her front desk personnel). Has no answers for the service issues (she is also the manager for the Pelham hotel for which there are several reviews similar to this one) and is extremely rude.  Thankfully the spirit of the people of New Orleans was sufficient to overcome this dreadful hotel stay.  My advice: Sleep on a park bench before you stay here.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>sassygal7698
<Content>Value hotel I agree with a previous review, Hotwire inflated the star rating. I have only booked a 4 star hotel once before the St. James and Hotwire awarded me with the Westin.The Westin was a true 4 star, so I expected another true 4 star. However, this is not the case with the St. James. I do not think I would have been let down if I walked into the hotel thinking it was a 3 star.In reality, a 3 star hotel is what the St. James Hotel is. There is a splash pool, but don't pack your suite just yet. It's more of a courtyard setting where you can enjoy a drink.From what I saw, there was no gym, room service, or thoughtful touches that a guest expects from a 4 star.My biggest complaint was the fee for unlimited local  long distance calling, wireless internet, and in-safe fees. I have never been told these services were mandatory from a front desk employee before and I certainly do not expect to pay extra for a safe at a 4 star hotel or any star hotel for that matter! As far as the phone and internet are concerned, I didn't bring my laptop and we live in 2008, everyone has long distance on their cell phone. These charges, while they didn't ruin my experience, were uncalled for. I think our total booking price through hotwire was around $60. This is a total steal, so I can't complain. We only stayed for one night and the room was well decorated and comfortable. Parking prices were cheaper then other major chains and, in my opinion, speeder service. Stay here if you get a deeply discounted room through hotwire or another travel site, but not if you're paying full price.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Rerocs
<Content>Perfect! From the moment we arrived, Ann made the stay perfect! Great Location, Great Room! Feels like New Orleans!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>glfan
<Content>Good Service. Inflated Start Rating and Be aware of Hidden Charges This is a really small hotel but with very clean room condition. I could even smell the new paint. The front desk person was nice and she knew me by the name. All the good things kind of stop here. Rooms are significantly smaller than comparable hotels with the same star ratings unless you get lucky and get upgraded. The hotel has hidden charges on in-room safe deposit box and wireless internet whether you use it or not. Hotwire referred the booking yet they failed to disclose these hidden charges. Worst yet, Hotwire inflated the star-rating to 4-stars. It really should be a 3-star or 3 1/2 star max like other major travel sites would rank it as. In conclusion, both the hidden charges and inflated star rating killed the deal. If you knew what you're getting into, it's not a bad hotel for the price that they charge. Watch out for security concern. While it didn't happen to me, the security was weak and some of the rooms are located on the ground level facing the sidewalk. People could potentially break into the rooms with little effort.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	5	3	1	

<Author>jen3001
<Content>Security Issues - Laptop Stolen from Room My laptop was stolen from my room during my stay. Management is investigating, but I will never see my laptop again and was not offered any compensation for this fairly significant loss. Otherwise, the hotel is okay; it's what you might expect given the price. Our room was big, but the hotel doesn't have some amenities you might expect - fitness room, wireless (it's there but spotty), room service - and cleanliness was a bit of an issue - feet became very dirty if you walked around barefoot, glasses/cups never replaced during 5-day stay. Be sure to take with you what won't fit in the safe!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	2	3	3	1	

<Author>DoveTravelPros
<Content>Excellent value, location  This was the second time we've enjoyed the atmosphere of this small and special hotel. It's perfectly located within 3 blocks or less of the two Hiltons, the W, the Marriott and the Sheraton -- offering a lower-cost accommodation alternative for meetings or conferences held in those much-larger hotels.The hotel does not serve breakfast, but Mothers Restaurant -- a famous New Orleans landmark -- is only a block away and worth a visit for its food and cultural experience. The staff was wonderfully warm and friendly, and went out of their way to assist us with our special requests. We will return to New Orleans next year, and will again stay at this property.One bit of advice: Each room is different, and some may be a bit dark with either high windows, or windows that look into a center courtyard. Ask about this when making your reservation, or when checking in.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kimonthego
<Content>Theft of personal belongings from St. James hotel Be careful of staying in this hotel! During a recent stay a laptop computer was stolen from our locked room, most likely during hotel housekeeping. The hotel staff provided little consolation, and did not offer to compensate for the item that was stolen. This theft most likely could have been avoided if there was any effort at providing security in the hotel. There was no doorman, and little attention paid by front desk as to who was coming and going. Also, a fee was added to the room charge for wireless internet, but the wireless connection worked very poorly if at all during out entire stay. Too bad - the hotel is in a good location, but I would never stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>InKleined2Blue
<Content>Wonderful front desk, not-so-wonderful hotel The front desk staff is terrific; very friendly and bend-over-backwards helpful. I am sad to say that these wonderful people work in a hotel that is a far cry from what the website boasts. That said, for the price, the hotel is a reasonable place to stay that has some charm. Just don't expect W or Hilton amenities.The hotel is charming--similar to what you might expect in Paris--but a little long in the tooth. It is in need of renovation to make it more in line with what Americans expect from hotels.Rooms are small, ill-lighted, and crammed full of furniture.The hotel itself is located within walking distance of the Riverwalk, the Convention Center, the French Quarter, and Harrah's.Issues  Hotel Responses:Wireless did not work in our room. We had to go down the hall and sit on a bench near the elevators to have wireless access. At checkout we were credited for this inconvenience.Housekeeping is lacking, although the staff was friendly and complied when we had requests. Sheets were never changed while we were there (5 nights) and we had to ask for towels and soap. The floor was never vacuumed. Glasses and coffee cups looked dirty (we did not use them).Coffee was not provided in the room, although there was a coffee maker. We were told by housekeeping that the hotel had not paid its vendor and therefore coffee was not available. On our third morning coffee was available in the lobby, but not the rooms.Noise is a real issue. A party in the hotel's restaurant (located next door) with blaring music went on until well after 1:00 AM one evening. Since we had to get up at 4:45 to catch a plane, this was unacceptable (even for a party town like New Orleans).Security is lax. The sceurity guard sleeps on the lobby sofa and we never saw him leave that post.NOTE:We were traveling with other people and had a total of four rooms booked. One couple arrived late and although they had called in advance to confirm a late check-in, their room reservation was cancelled. They were told that no rooms were available, but that they could sleep on the lobby sofa until someone checked out. After some argument, the couple was gvien a room that had not been cleaned. This room was an absolute nightmare with a non-working toilet and nothing but scalding hot water. Since the room was booked through Orbitz the couple was given a one-day refund. Another couple had a room that opened onto the pool area. This was great until the wee hours of each morning when drunk and very loud party goers would gather there. One would think that security would tend to this, but the security gaurd was always asleep on the lobby sofa.Bottom Line:If you are looking for an inexpensive hotel while you are in New Orleans, this probably will work for you. Just be prepared for no real amenities.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	5	3	1	

<Author>palerider08
<Content>Good, but could be better. For first time in New Orleans, I spent 2 nights at the St. James Hotel. The pros are that it is reasonably priced, located conveniently near most of the popular tourist area's in downtown New Orleans, the rooms are a decent size  clean, and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful.The cons are as follows:The hotel makes you aware that there is an additional surcharge for a safebox and internet connection - whether you use them or not. In my case, I absolutely have to have a good internet connection for my business but the signal I was getting on the third floor went from extremely weak to non existant. The hotel clerk said they were having problems with the internet on my floor. The closets have NO hangers, some of the lightbulbs did not work and the coffee maker was broken. I realize that these are all trivial things but they add up. Since the hotel advertisies itself as New Orleans most newly renovated hotel - one would expect more under those circumstances.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	4	3	3	4	2	

<Author>lovesublime
<Content>Charming, very friendly staff We really enjoyed our stay at the St James! This is an old hotel with a lot of classic New Orleans character and charm. The rooms are on the small side, with tall windows and big closets. The furnishings were quirky but not tacky. Bird lamps, palm tree patterned beds all added to the charm of the hotel. The beds were sooooooooo comfortable. The lobby was very small, the pool was REALLY small, but who goes to New Orleans to sit by a pool? It was about the size of a large hot tub.This hotel is not close to the french quarter! You CAN walk but it would be several minutes and if being in or very close to the qtr is important to you then dont stay here. I cant remember the name of the man who worked at the desk at night, but he was one of th nicest, friendliest people Ive ever met while traveling. He could recommend any restaurant, any place to go, show you a map, and he was genuinely interested in learning about us, what we liked about New Orleans, etc. Whats annoying is there is a mandatory safe fee of 2.95 per night and a mandatory internet access fee of 4.95 per night. This seemed rather rediculous since we would not be using either one. It should be optional, or included in the room rate in my opinion.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>getthedreamhome
<Content>Beautiful Hotel with first-class ammenities and service! We were thrilled with the staff and room at St. James.Close to the best food in New Orleans, and a few blocks away from the French Quarter, we couldn't have been more happy with our long weekend. Ann at the front desk was especially sweet and accomodating.We will definitely be back!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>adooling
<Content>Good value for the price Despite some reviews on this site, I found the St. James to be basic, but chic, spacious, and close to what I wanted to see.I found the price to be a great value as the streetcar was only two blocks away, casino and waterfront a few short blocks away, and the French Quarter also a short walk.Our room was very large- with two very large windows looking onto the busy street below, two large beds, a coffee area with mini fridge, full desk, and large bathroom. The front desk helped us book a ghost tour, and helped us check in when we arrived quite late, around 1:30am! I would stay here again.Tip: There's an adorable court yard right next door where you can meet up with other guests, wait for a cab, or just relax for a minute.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>not_corporate
<Content>Charming, easy, and pleasant I was in New Orleans for a conference and always try studiously to avoid big corporate hotels. I was not disappointed. The owners of the St. James have 5 other hotels in New Orleans. I have stayed at one of those previously (Historic French Market Inn which was also excellent).The St. James is nestled between the Quarter and the Warehouse district and was an easy walk to the convention center. My room was very comfortable with wide-plank hardwood floors. The style hearkened to an earlier age although I doubt anything was really vintage. The small courtyard was a nice feature although the wet weather precluded my using it. It is not as quaint as the Historic French Market Inn but it is truly charming.Chris who worked the front desk at night, Ann who was at the desk when I checked out, and Bassim the porter for all occasions all stand out for their excellent service. I recommend this hotel.The only disappointment was the restaurant, Cuvee. Granted, it was a Tuesday night, but the food was uninspired. The sausage appetizer was the highlight, the wine was passable, the entree was not memorable, and the dessert (chocolate ganash) tasted like freezer cake. The coffee was tepid three times! The bill corresponded to the well appointed surroundings but not the meal $100/person. Save your money and go to Mother's which is around the corner. Have a real New Orleans meal at 1/10th the price.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>audace11
<Content>Charming, friendly, a little dark We're enjoying two nights at the St James. We're very pleased with the location -- quiet, close to the action, short walk to great restaurants. This boutique hotel has character. We are staying in the back building, and our rooms overlook the courtyard so are very quiet. The rooms, though not spacious, are larger than we expected based on previous reviews. The decor is old-fashioned charming. The pillowtop mattresses are wonderful. The staff are terrific, with particular thanks to Patrick, the guest-services manager. One curious issue is the low light level in the rooms. Our rooms have 25-watt lightbulbs that provide small pockets of light, but the lack of overhead lighting leaves us walking over to a lightbulb to read maps etc. We booked the hotel through Hotwire and got a fabulous rate. Yes, there are additional charges for the rooms safe ($4/night) and communications ($8?/night). But given the great Hotwire deal, the total cost was still VERY reasonable.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	5	5	

<Author>adkfam
<Content>Don't do it! Where do I begin? 1. Way too far from the French Quarter where you will be spending most of your time. 2. Limited maid service the first night (bed made but comforter left on the floor, bathroom not replenished, bathrobe taken but not replaced, paper thrown on floor and then left there. Our friends, who were also at the hotel, had a similar experience. 3. No maid service at all after the second night. Unfortunately, we didn't get back to the room after the second night until around 9 pm and NOTHING had been done to the room. When I called the front desk, they said I would have to wait until the morning to speak to a manager. We did ask for fresh towels and received them. 4. Ridiculous internet and safe charges. Just tack the price on to the bill. Please don't nickel and dime me once I get there! 5. No courtyard. I have been to New Orleans eight times and always love relaxing in the hotels beautifully manicured courtyards! This hotel had nowhere to go to just relax. The rooms were too small so you always had to be out. Overall, very poor hotel experience. I absolutely recommend staying somewhere else and I am disappointed that Expedia works with this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bevanProvence_France
<Content>Big thank you St James We arrived at The St James on Jan 29th for a 5 night stay minus our luggage!! The staff at the hotel could not have more helpful providing us with the basics that we needed for that night toothpaste/toothbrushes etc. They promised to let us know as soon as our luggage arrived and were as good as their word.We found all the staff friendly, polite and extremely helpful at all times and were always ready to answer any questions and offer advice regarding places to visit, eat etc.Patrick the General Guest Manager was extremely helpful and knowledgeable about the area and in fact booked us tables on three evenings -at a wonderful Restaurant in the French Quarter called Irene's, at the Bombay Club and on our last night at the adjoining Restaurant Cuvee. We can not thank him enough for making our visit a pleasant and hassle free experience.The room was very comfortable and quiet and the bed extremely comfortable we slept well - it was like being at home. My husband was on a business trip and felt happy knowing that if I needed any information it would be readily available from the staff. The internet access was such a help for him as he could continue his work when he returned from the exhibition in the afternoons it was a small price to pay for the convenience that it provided. The location of the hotel meant that I could explore the district without any worries of being on my own. We will certainly use the St James if we come back to New Orleans. Thank you all once again.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ashnola
<Content>From a local's point of view Me and my husband wanted to stay in a hotel in New Orleans for our 1 year anniversary. We knew this would coordinate with Mardi Gras too!!! We had read the other bad reviews on this website but thought that we would give them a try. Upon arriving at the hotel, the lady at the front desk was completely rude. She consistantly tried to persuade us to use the valet parking even after I told her we were using the pay lot right across the street that was $10 less per day. Then she proceeds to tie a wristband so tight around my wrist (for security reasons during Mardi Gras) and told me that I had to keep it on for the entire stay in order to enter the hotel. So since she tied it on so tight, I had to bathe/shower/sleep with it on the entire time. I could have cut it off if I wanted to, but say I lost it-I had to pay $25 for a replacement. During our stay, my husband was asked if he had drugs for sale on him, not once but twice by other people in the courtyard. One of the men was a restaurant worker at the onsite restaurant, Cuvee'. How nice is it to be having a nice romantic night with your husband, than some worker comes up and asks him if he has any Ecstacy pills on him to buy? Like the others have said on the site, this hotel will nickel and dime you to death. They charge you fees for the safe and wireless internet whether you use them or not. When we protested the charges, they said it was standard for everyone in the hotel and we would have to pay them regardless. By the way, other hotels in the area provide these services for free :)My advice is-if you have to stay at this hotel, park across the street in the pay lot (much cheaper) and spend as little time as you can in the room. Explore the beauty of the city. There are other hotels who have more amenities for free in the area. This hotel has absolutely NO perks. I don't even know why its classified as four star.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelingPat
<Content>Never Again The website pictures are a good depiction of what to expect - except for the size. The rooms are very small. When checking in I asked the desk clerk what the view would be and received no answer. Upon stepping into the room we discovered why - there was no window. The room was spartan at best. It felt like a closet. In fact, the only place to hang clothes was a four-hook coat rack in the corner-hardly enough for 2 travelers spending 4 days there. We were moved to another room which started out much better except for the noise from the late-night party in the courtyard below. However, on our first ,morning there the toilet ceased to flush properly. We asked to have this checked and were informed maintenance would be in at noon. When we returned at 9:30 p.m. we were informed that the maintenance man had not arrived for work that day. It took repeated demands that they do something because we could not stay in a room with a toilet that didn't work to get someone to bring a plunger to the room. Maid service was minimal. Towels were in short supply. To make up for poor quality mattresses, duvets were used to create a pillowtop effect on the bed. Hotel personnel were surly and seemingly very unwilling to do anything more than the checking guests in and out. The distance to the Quarter and other tourist attractions made this bargain priced hotel less than you want to bargain for. Valet parking was $28 per day. Even when we called ahead for the car, we experienced a wait of over 15 minutes for it to arrive. They add fees of $2.95 for the in-room safe and $4.95 for the wireless access. We protested these charges and they were removed from the bill; however, users should be aware of them. This hotel may be okay for someone in town for a quick business trip but I wouldn't recommend it to pleasure travelers.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	2	1	2	

<Author>bice710
<Content>Great hotel near the action, great staff, comfortable rooms I stayed at the St. James hotel the first weekend in December. They had a fantastic rate (as I think New Orleans is still trying to get more tourism there) and the location is good, about 5 blocks' walk to Bourbon Street on the downtown side. I felt comfortable and safe walking around there at night. The rooms are not huge, but very comfortable and the beds were divine! Thick luxurious bedding and very cozy mattress. The biggest issue I had was the water...it seemed every time someone would flush or use their water, the water in my shower would turn cold...not fun! But after a few minutes it would go back to warm. There happened to be a wedding there that weekend so it could have been that there were just a lot of people using water.I have to say that even though a hot shower is pretty important to me, I really didn't complain much as I was so pleased with the outstanding customer service I received. It's funny how you will put up with problems when the people are nice, isn't it? Everyone who worked there was truly wonderful. I had a flat tire on my car and the man at the front desk (who I later found out was the general manager!) insisted I go out and enjoy the city and leave my car keys, and he would get them to the company coming out to fix the tire. He really was kind and went out of his way to help me out. By the way, I was lucky and found a parking spot out on the street in front of the hotel, so I got free parking all weekend. The hotel charges $23 I think for valet, and you can park directly across the street yourself for about $18. All in all the St. James is a really great bargain for the location and service. I would stay there again...and just hope for a hotter shower!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gailtg
<Content>St. James Hotel Hotel was located next to many of the sights we wanted to walk to: Riverwalk, Aquarium, Harrah's and of course, the french quarter hub! Room was clean, bed was extremely comfortable. The one complaint is that although we especially requested a large room ( we had heard some of the rooms were small) we ended up with a very small room. We paid for a deluxe king room . . and our room was extremely small. . . we should have just spent less money and got a standard room. Not sure if we would go back there . ..  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kenneshea
<Content>Disappointed The room was smaller than it appeared on the pictures from the booking site. As I checked out, I was informed that I was going to be charged for internet access, safe use, and telephone access. I was very disappointed when I found this out because if I would have known, I would have made use of these amenities. Also, there is no parking in the area, so you have to pay $28 a night to park valet. You can avoid this if you park on narrow side street, but you also run the risk of getting a parking ticket.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	2	4	2	

<Author>Washington_DCBrandy
<Content>Great service-bad policy It was a nice room with a large bathroom with luxurious towels.The staff was superb - - friendly and very helpful - - particularly a desk clerk named Ann.It was disappointing, however, to have been charged a $2.95/night fee for a safe which was neither needed nor used; and, a $4.95/night fee for internet service whether or not it was used.Had those fees been known in advance another hotel could have been selected.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>danielledutreix
<Content>Boutique excellence at the St. James I am a frequent business traveler and regular customer of ICH hotel chains. I was unable to book a hotel with my preferred hotel in the French Quarter and upon receiving a suggestion from a local New Orleans bartender, I proceeded to find accommodations at the St. James facility. The front desk personnel were very expedient and considerate and placed me a very lovely room. I enjoyed the comfortable, plush soft bedding and linens. The rooms were so peaceful and quite. I slept so soundly in my king size bed, I felt like I was at home in my own bed. Also, the french quarter style swimming pool in the courtyard was absolutely fabulous. I enjoyed my stay and will definitely visit this hotel again! I had the opportunity to meet the manager that evening as well, Patrick Kerwin. He was so personable, friendly and amazing at his knowledge of the hotel, the local sights, and great places to dine and dance.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>misskittin
<Content>We Absolutely loved this hotel! My family and I recently stayed at the St. James for 4 days. I would highly recommend it. It was like going back in time with this beautifully decorated hotel. This charming historic hideaway is one of the area's best, and it's just beautiful,. It is modern, yet very traditional and even historic, stylish and very very personable. Great location as well, a block from the French Quarter. The most Fabulous restaurant ever, Cuvee, is right downstairs (so elegant, loved it, love to get husband to wear a suit and dress to the max) and the best to date authentically cuban restaurant is across the street (the best real Mojitos ever). Right around the coolest night life and great shopping. Don't miss the Garden District. Will absolutely stay here again. Wired to the max, and plenty of desk space to work . From helpful staff, fabulous rooms (Im so copying the bedroom design), cleanliness, super location - everything as well as value for money. We could not ask for more.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Norma_Atlanta_Ga
<Content>Best Kept Secret in New Orleans I found the St. James hotel for the first time in June and booked through Hotwire. We were on our way to our son's wedding and had a lot of things to store. Patrick, the manager, could not have been more welcoming or helpful and he didn't even know us.We went back to New Orleans the middle of Sept. There was no question about where we would stay.Patrick and his staff make you feel like family. The rooms are well appointed, comfortable and immaculate. The location couldn't be better, only a couple of blocks from the French Quarter. It's also a block away from a local Saturday Farmer's market which is a fun way to spend and hour or so.We've already made reservations at the St. James Hotel for the Jazz Festival in April. and will stay there for all future visits.We couldn't reccommend this hotel more highly and we've travelled all over the world. It's an outstanding value!!!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cheftaylor
<Content>Nice tucked away jewel. The St. James is a fantastic hotel. Everything from the location to the helpful  staff is an absolute delight. It's only a few blocks to just about everything anyone could want to do in the city. The decor is excellent and if you are looking for some of the best places to eat and enjoy music, just ask Patrick or Ann at the front desk they didn't give us a bad recommendation. The restaurant in the lobby, Cuvee, is also excellent. As for some of the other reviews I've read...I experienced no problem with our air conditioner once in the room. It did turn off when we were gone but not while we were sleeping and it did not take long to cool off the room. And as for the valet parking...yes it does take 15 or 20 minutes so call the front desk before you shower or just have another drink while you wait; it is New Orleans after all and this is definately where you should stay! We will be back here for sure! Our thanks again to Patrick, a true asset to this property.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Sammie8
<Content>Charm through and through I would like to recommend the St James Hotel in New Orleans. It is a charming facility and the staff was great. TheGuest Service Manager, Patrick Kerwin, went far and beyond to make our stay a pleasure. He truly cared that we were happy. And, I must commend the night staff person, Sean, who dealt with a difficult situation with courtesy and respect while also following the hotel's high standards. Our stay was delightful and the location couldn't be better.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>STFC_EFC
<Content>Thank god for air con Stayed in room 119 over looking the small pool. Suite consisted of lounge, bedroom and bathroom all of good size/decor/quality. Priced at $65 was very very good value in our opinion. Nothing was too much for the friendly/helpful staff. Make use of US calling/wifi availability from room as you will be charged $4.95 daily whether used or not (same with room safe at $2.95).First time visitors to New Orleans found the heat and humidity of Aug (110f) zapping! Close walking proximity to the French Quarter allowed us to see all the sights.....  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>poplarbluff
<Content>Perfect stay Just got from from a two nite stay at this hotel. I was very pleased with all the hotel had to offer. The room was nice and was well maintained. The air conditioning was not that cooling, but what do you expect when the index was 115. When people complain that the room is not cleaned properly, have they ever thought of leaving a few bucks on the desk? From what they pay the help a couple of dollars adds to their hourly wage. Very close hotel to the casino. Not too far from the French Quarter. And a WONDERFUL (but expensive) restaurant on site.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>KMHChicago
<Content>Nice Place, Great Staff! I stayed for two nights in early August and really liked the St James. First off the best part of this hotel is the great staff, all are very friendly and helpful. Patrick the front desk manager told us of a great restaurant called Adalaid in the Lowes hotel that was fantastic! I had two others staying with me so we needed a rollaway. When I told this in a call several days before and asked about a room with two queen beds and enough room for the rollaway they made sure I had one of the larger rooms 418. The furnishing have a West Indies theme and are of a high quality. The bathroom was a nice size and had a marble bath, sink counter and floor. The room was very big for a standard we were on the top floor with very tall cellings and exposed rafters, this gave the room a nice look. However the one drawback to this was the hot New Orleans sun was beating down on the roof and the a/c had a hard time keeping up with the above average temps outside. The other small problem was the TV did not turn on and the last night we called it in to be fixed and when we returned it still was broken. This was quickly taken care of on checkout with all of the safe and internet charges dropped and one day for the rollaway dropped, very nice. This is a solid hotel. It is also a historic location. I paid very little on hotwire.com , I will stay here again. Good place!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	2	

<Author>omarandjoey
<Content>2nd Stay at the St. James. Still a great place. Okay so it's been a year since we stayed at the St. James. I see some mixed reviews on Tripadvisor so, to test, we went back. In an earlier posting (last year) I wrote the manager's name was Christy. It is in fact Stacey; and, she is great. Sorry, I wasn't thinking right.We were in N.O. in July, possibly the hottest time of the year and the St. James was a welcome spot of relief. Parking is still 25 a day, pretty standard for the area and there are still the communication fee and wireless internet fee. I did notice that the ISP was blocking myspace; but, they were able to unblock it at my request.So what's changed? Well not much. The service was still great. We received a call in the room about an hour after we checked in to make sure things were in order.BTW, we had room 220 again...I wanted to see if the level of service remained the same and it did.Here's a little trick we learned about the air conditioner. In my earlier post, I explained that the A/C worked with a sensor in the door, cutting off as someone left the room to save energy. This is still true; however, I was told by the staff of a fix and I'll share it with you for your stay. Upon checking into your room, go to the A/C control panel. Set the unit to the desired temperature using the Up and Down buttons. Next, press and hold the Power button and the Down buttons at the same time until the screen reads bP and you hear the fan cut off. Next, press the Power button and the Down button at the same time and the fan will come on and you will get the same bP message in the display. This operation commands your A/C system to stay on for 48 hours regardless if someone goes in or out of the room. This is especially handy in summer months when the temp can rise quickly.Housekeeping was A++++++++. We brought two other parties with us and their rooms were awesome as well!I can say that most of the negative postings on TripAdvisor come from people not reading the TripAdvisor postings. THE COMMUNICATION FEE AND WIRELESS INTERNET FEE AND SAFE FEE ARE NOT HIDDEN FEES. They are a fact of staying in New Orleans. These fees are the same at most hotels, anywhere in the French Quarter or business district. So, we've seen 3 good rooms at the St. James, 220 (king suite) with living room and plasma wall TV and 223 (deluxe king) with plasma wall TV and 218 (queen) with regular TV. All were nice and spacious with great decorations, robes, clean modern bathrooms and HUGE tubs! The water pressure is still low, but that is a citywide thing.BRAVO to Jason Pitard at the corporate office, Stacey the General Manager, and the lovely Housekeeping supervisor for such great work. One final thing, the Hotel restaurant, the Cuvee, is amazing! Their food is out of this world and Chef should be commended for perfect presentation and awesome inspiration--what a fabulous menu!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>vintagechich
<Content>Average place, very pretty, slightly overpriced This is a lovely hotel, the front desk staff is outstanding. The rooms were attractive, but on the small side. The air blew directly on our bed which wasn't that great, but if it was off, it was too hot. Overall fine place, nothing special. The valet parking had long waits (30 mins), if you stay here and use the valet parking, call down far in advance of when you want your car.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ashbay7
<Content>Poor service  The hotel is conveniently located but that is about the only positiveit has going for it right now. The personnel at the front desk are very ho-hum in helping customers  answering any questions--VERY UNPROFFESIONAL!!!--the rooms are small, the bed was uncomfortable,  not only was there very little water pressure but ZERO hot water at all!! There is a sign on the desk when you check in/out that tells you about a lock/storage fee  a wireless internet fee whether you use them or not! Also, like everyone else with valet/parking fees ($25), there is also a tax on it that is not revealed!! If you book this hotel, it's not just the $85 or so per night, but another $35 in incidentals(?)!!! Beware!!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>juliechloe
<Content>Great Hotel       Even our dogs liked the St. James  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Traveling.Willy
<Content>POOR Service Room was fine, but small and cramped. Nothing like the virtual view you get on their website. My biggest complaint was that the bedding was NOT changed at all during our three night stay. The bed were not made-up during the day. The cover and bed spread were just thrown over. Room was not vacuumed during the entire stay. Problem two - shut off AC/heating unit at night. Forced air still came on and blew cold air right at the bed. Asked for maintenance to shut it off completely at night. No change the next and third night. Third problem - stopper on wash basin did not plug the basin. Asked maintenance to adjust stopper. No change. Used face towel to plug sink during entire stay. Fourth problem - was not informed that a 4.99 telephone and 2.99 safe charge would be added to bill. Notice in room was not clear. Would have use these items if known I'd be paying for them.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>mint49
<Content>Average I booked two rooms for two couples for a trip to New Orleans, and the diference between the two rooms in size was considerable. The other couple had a much larger room where I received a room half the size. When the beds were made up, they look liked the maid just pulled the blanklet over the bed without smoothing the blanket and sheets or replacing the decorative pillows back on to the bed. The air conditionig ran all night long without a way to shut it off. It was brought to the attention of the hotel but nothing was done about it. THe hotel is very nice inside but the service definitley could use alot of improvement.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>Dingz69
<Content>Simply the Best After reading reviews here and mixed reveiws on hotels.com, I was a little hesitant about booking the room. No hesitation required, I was traveling on a two night business trip. The staff was very friendly, even gave me recommendations on what to do with my free time. The room and hotel was very clean, room was very up to date, and it was in a great location. Two block walk to the French Quarter, Casino a block behind the hotel. Parking is expensive, but it is that way anywhere downtown. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to be close enough to the fun to walk, but far enough away to be quiet at night. Wireless internet and phone charge of $4.95 a day non-waivable, but instead of using my Sprint card I used the wireless internet and had a good signal in my 3rd floor room. For the nightly price, the $4.95 extra was quite acceptable.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>psc7811
<Content>Nice Surprise Stayed at the St. James for a convention Feb. 26 - Mar. 1. I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel. First of all the staff were very friendly and accomodating. After arriving frazzled from ridiculous airline travel complications they got me a room well before check in time. I actually saw three rooms. All were the twin double bed models. Each one was decorated virtually the same. The first one was smoking so I had to change out of that. The second one was stuck in a corner so the wifi connection wouldn't work. Since I was in on business this was very important to me. No problem, they moved me to third room right across from the router closet. As I said, they were very accomodating.From a convention goer standpoint the location was fantastic. It was a short 10 minute walk to the New Orleans Convention Center which is much nicer than waiting for shuttle buses to arrive. A previous poster mentioned the lack of quick food options and I agree with that. I couldn't find a place to grab simple takeout to bring back and do email while eating. Finally on my last night I went to the Bon Ton Cafe right across the street and they packaged up some food for me. The food was excellent btw. I probably would have eaten there every night had I known. Maybe I'll write a review for them too.I would say this would be the type of boutique style hotel I like to stay at when vacationing. Staying there for the convention was a pleasant change from the typical big brand name chains.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	2	

<Author>annaaidan
<Content>Overall very good! We just got back from a weekend trip to New Orleans. We found a good rate on the St. James and decided to give it a try. Be advised that aside from the rate you pay upfront, you will pay close to $30 a day in incidentals- almost $19 per day for parking, which is reasonable for New Orleans, $5 for wireless internet access- which I wasn't wild about because I didn't bring a computer, and $3 for a safe that I didn't use. This is pretty common practice here, so just be prepared for it. That was my one real negative, but enough with that- on with the review.We booked a deluxe king- check in was speedy, our car was whisked away, and we headed up to see our room. It was extremely large, much more so than I expected. The furniture was lovely, and in great shape. The bed had a duvet, with a zillion decorator pillows. There was a fantastic plasma TV on the wall, a nice sitting area with very comfortable chairs, and a desk area. The ceilings were high, and the windows were floor to ceiling. The windows provided the majority of the light that was present in the room, as there was no real overhead lighting. The bath area was fair in size, with an exterior single sink- plenty of counter space. The sink area and the bath itself were marble lined, complete with fluffy towels and bathrobe. Cleanliness was good- not immaculate, but good. I was surprised to find virtually no clothes storage anywhere. There was a good sized closet, for which to hang clothes, but no drawer space anywhere in this big room. We were only there a weekend, and therefore did not have all that many clothes, but this would definitely be a problem for a weeks stay. There was a very nice coffee setup on a stand that I thought housed a refrigerator, but alas did not. It included decaf and regular coffee, plenty of sugar, creamer, and various artificial sweeteners. I am very coffee picky, and found the provided coffee to be acceptable- not fantastic, but acceptable when consumed black. However, I drink a LOT of coffee, and had to seek out the front desk to get more coffee for the day, as they provide a single pots worth. The hotel itself was very small, which was fine. We went through a courtyard of sorts to get to the building that housed our room. That area could have been a little nicer- the rest of the hotel was so nicely decorated, but this one area looked kind of haphazard. The pool area was adorable- albeit tiny- and it was far too cool to consider using this amenity. A vending area would have been very nice, but I did know from these boards that there wasn't one. I packed plenty of canned drinks and brought snacks from the house. Although we enjoyed our breakfast outing to Cafe Du Monde for coffee and beignets, this was quite a trek- it wasn't an option for a second day. It would have been great to have a breakfast option close to the hotel that we could have taken advantage of. The maid and valet services were good, no complaints. We called for our car about fifteen minutes before leaving the room and did not wait too long for it.In summary, the room was beautiful, the amenties that were provided were better than I expected. As for convenience, it is located a fair walk from the French Quarter, which wasn't a problem for us, but it could be for some. It is also not located near any quick food options, which again, we were prepared for. We enjoyed our stay here- very restful and quiet. I would come back, for the right rate.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>viajero5
<Content>Great Experience We had read mixed reviews of many hotels in post-Katrina New Orleans. We got a low rate through book-it.com ($49.00 King bed) and stayed 4 nights in January. I understood that many hotels were having trouble getting/keeping housekeeping staff. Our room was very clean and cleaned/restocked everyday. THe decor was nice. The location was convenient to the French Quarter (2 blocks) and to the Warehouse district, Riverwalk, etc. The staff was friendly and helpful. The hotel was quiet during the week. It didn't seem like there were many guests there. On Saturday, when we checked out, it was much busier. We had a really great stay. Our room was attractive, comfortable, quiet and very clean. The room for the price was unbeatable. I would definitely stay again. A previous review mentioned the charges for the safe and phone/internet. There is a sign posted in the lobby and when we checked in I asked to waive these services. We did not use them and were not charged for them. You will want to check when you make the reservation if you are able to waive these services as it seemd to be somewhat up in the air whether they would continue with this policy although we had no problem. If I had to make a complaint, it is a minor one--some of the common areas (elevator/hallways) looked like they could have used a more thorough vacuuming. But apart from that, everything was fabulous.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Piolina
<Content>Charming! We got an amazing deal at half the price but the place is worth paying the regular rates as well. Great location, walking distance to the French Quarter and the river. Although some rooms do not have windows, ours did. Beautiful furniture and a variety of amenities and toilettries, including bath robes, in the bathroom. Very clean. Super friendly staff. Parking is valet and kind of pricey though. We loved our stay and would return next time we are in town.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Handyman981
<Content>Beware of hidden charges at check-out! Checked in 11/10/06...checked out 11/12/06.I booked this 2 night stay pre-cruise on Norweigan Sun.Used Orbitz, which required full pre-payment w/credit card.At check-in I mentioned to desk clerk that I would not be using internet services  phone as I use a cell phone  had no need for wireless internet (sign on desk at check-in states charges).The desk clerk assured me that my prepayment to Orbitz covered those items. Imagine my surprise at check-out when those charges totaling approx. $10 a day were added to my folio.Even though I protested to the morning clerk (not the same one as I spoke to at check-in) she was adament that the charges would not be removed. I let her know I would be protesting in writing.....thus this review.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>1	1	5	5	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>noshy1
<Content>Best honeymoon! Went here for our Honeymoon after marrying in New Orleans. The staff was wonderful...extra towels, great southern hospitality. Complimentary champagne...excellent door service. The room was fantastic. A true NOLA atmosphere. Location is minutes from Bourbon St but quiet neighborhood. A+++ on price and service. Very comfortable.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A quintessential, quaint hotel . . . I just returned from a family trip to New Orleans where I stayed 5 nights at the St. James. I found the clerks, the bellboys, and the concierge to be professional, friendly, and exceptionally helpful in many different circumstances! The hotel is exactly what I had hoped for! It is quaint, decorated for the time period it was built, and has a lovely courtyard attached. It is very much a New Orleans jewel! This hotel is very reasonably priced, the accomadations more than adequate, very clean, 'homey' is the word that kept coming to mind. The staff were always more than willing to provide a helping hand, a 'good morning', or just chat about the local culture and history. The location is also perfect! Within walking distance of the French Quarter, the River Walk, the Casino, excellent restaurants, the street car, St. Charles etc. We stayed during the hottest of times, and the rooms were always comfortable, especially for sleeping, we did not run into any problems surrounding the retrieval of our vehicles; in fact my car was returned to me on two occaisions within fifteen minutes of my request. I will definitely stay at the St. James the next time I visit New Orleans.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>atoolman
<Content>Not all bad            
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved St. James GREAT HOTEL!!! Great location. Walking distance to French Quarter, Harrah's and Riverwalk. The room was very nice and VERY clean. Staff was nice and helpful. I will definitely stay at St. James on our next trip.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great room and even better hospitality my fiancee(well that was what she was when she left) and i had a wonderful experience in new orleans and its french quarter....the experience was even enhanced by the service, professionalism, cleanliness, and sincere hospitality by your staff and especially the concierge. Much thanks to your great hotel and we will surely be back to the french quarter and st james in our future. :)  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay @ the St James I just complected a 3 night stay @ the St James. I have been to the Big Easy many times and enjoy staying in the Quarters. The St James was a wonderful place to stay and convient. The entire staff was great, especially Itzel, Karla, Charles, and Kevin K.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasantly surprised I recently stayed at the St. James on Magazine Street in New Orleans. I found the location to be perfect. Located close to the happenings in the French Quarter yet far enough to provide a quiet escape when you've had enough of Bourbon Street.We checked in at the time when it was uncertain that Hurricane Dennis would hit New Orleans but were assured by the friendly and attentive staff that we would be looked after if events turned bad. Fortunately Hurricane Dennis did not strike and we had a marvelous time. We found Itzel and Kevin Porter especially helpful during our stay and departure.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Prince Charles is the Best My family of four recently visited New Orleans and stayed three nights at the St. James. We found Charles the Concierge from England to be the ticket for a great trip. He knows all the sites and the best restaurants for casual and fine dining. Paul at the front desk was also great to us,always friendly. The accommodations were nice but the staff was even better.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Staff! I recently stayed at the St James Hotel while visiting for my birthday. I was so impressed with this hotel! I work in the service industry, so it takes a lot to impress me. The hotel was spacious and very clean. Great location as well. One front desk clerk, Kevin Kennedy, was so wonderful in helping me enjoy my stay. He told us where to eat, shop,  party during our stay. Because of his great service  recommendations, I will never stay anywhere else when I come back to New Orleans. Kudos to a job well done!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome I stayed at this hotel during Jazzfest and it was excellent. Beautiful rooms with great views of the city and the most comfortable beds and pillows, which is important after a long day at the fairgrounds. The staff, especially Kevin Kennedy at the front desk, was extremely helpful and answered questions and provided whatever was needed.I would recommend this hotel to anyone. My stay there was fabulous.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing I stayed at this particular hotel in april for a weekend just to relax. I had never stayed here before and wanted to see a New Orleans own small hotel. I was completely blown away at the service I recieved throughout my entire stay. Not once were any of my requests ignored or forgotten. From the moment I checked in it felt like I was the only guest in the hotel. The personalized attention I recieved from all the hotel staff including the bell staff, concierge and housekeeping. I must also commend the front desk, the prompt service and the recommendations they made truely kept me sailing smoothly all weekend. Especially an agent by the name of kevin his recommendation of a place called Snug Harbor. It had really great music and vibe thanks St. James and New Orleans for a great stay.See you soon!!!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time at the St. James... New Orleans has lots of hotels to choose from.... we've been many times, and know the good from the bad. The St. James on Magazine Street is now our new favorite! The restaurant in the hotel, CUVEE, is incredible. We could walk anywhere - the French Quarter, warehouse district, riverfront, etc. in a matter of minutes. The staff are extremely pleasant... making us feel right at home. Our room was the perfect retreat for the weekend - nice and quiet. That's it folks! We'll be back to the St. James in November...  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome! Stayed here over the July 4th weekend. Let me tell you it was wonderful. From the staff (Karla and the other nice clerk they call K.K.) to the quality of the hotel it was awesome. I will definitely be coming back next year with other friends. The manager, Paul, was also every helpful with giving us tips on what to do locally. What can I say, but thank you for the great hospitality. With staff this great no wonder there's no general management around. St. James you are a hidden jewel. We'll be back.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Joycenola
<Content>Fantastic! Yes, this was just the trip we needed... my husband and I just checked out of the St. James, after partying all weekend at the Essence Festival. The staff at this boutique little hotel could not have been any nicer! Everyone, from the general manager to the doorman was pleasant. We've stayed at the Sheraton and Hilton on previous visits to the city... but never had the personal service we experienced here. Kudos to the St. James Hotel!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a great stay Recently my boyfriend and I spent a long weekend at the St James Hotel in New Orleans. Everything was great. The room was very clean and spacious and the staff was very friendly and accomodating. Kevin Kennedy helped us with check in and gave great insight on the city and made wonderful suggestions on dining and transportation. Thank you for making our wonderful weekend even better.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect The location was great, the rooms were very nice, and the service was fantastic. One employee, Kevin, went out of his way to make sure we had everything we to go out exploring the city. He suggested many great places.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay at the St. James We spent a three night get-away vacation at the St. James and had a wonderful stay. The room was nicely furnished and added to the charm of staying in an historic building. The feather mattress was an especially nice touch. The staff was warm, gracious, and very helpful. Great location! Three blocks from the French Quarter and the Riverwalk. Easy walking distance to what ever interests you in New Orleans, but just enough away from it all to have a quiet and relaxing refuge. We have traveled to New Orleans a number of times. The St. James has been our most enjoyable stay. Hat's off to Kevin Kennedy!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Stay Very convenient location! All the good restaurants and shops withinwalking distance. Lovely and helpful staff! Quiet and peaceful atmos-phere! Most of all, not expensive at all! Wonderful choice! I'll be back!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming My husband and I signed up for the romantic package staying at the St. James Hotel. Our stay was very pleasant. We found the hotel employees to be very friendly and helpful. The package was indeed a good deal. We had a wonderful time and look forward to returning..  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic stay! Felt at home with Staff! What an amazing place to stay. Easy walk to the French Quarter. We stayed there with our two kids for Jazz Fest this past year (1st weekend). Everyone on the staff was helpful and made our kids feel special...remembering where they said they were going, for example. The room was nice and the bed...so comfortable! The restaurant located next door provided a nice wine list and allowed me to bring my glass up to my room. The only downfalls of the place: there is no room service and the valet service is contracted out and was not the most reliable during heavy use periods. There is a little Cuban Restaurant across the street which is excellent. Highly recommend this if the staff does not. We will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel and Staff Just recently stayed at the St James over Jazzfest weekend (4/28 to 5/2) and could not have been more pleased with my accomodations and the attitude and friendliness of the staff of the St. James. I work in the hotel business and would be proud to have a staff like theirs. I would recommend this hotel to anyone going to visit New Orleans and look forward to returning next year.  
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place. Don't Hesitate! We have stayed in NO over the years at all kinds of hotels from the Windsor Court to Place D Armes. We went for the Jazz Fest at the last minute. I read the reviews here and called the hotel. Everyone was personable, friendly and thoughtful. We arrived the next day. What a pleasant surprise. High ceilings, lovely linens, marble bath. The hotel has charm and elegance. The staff was very helpful. The location was good too. A block from canal. We were choosing between Le Pavillon or the St. James and I made the right choice. We will look no furthur when making plans to go back to NO. It is a very friendly and easy place to stay.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stupendous St. James! I surprised my husband with a trip to New Orleans for his 40th birthday. On the recommendation of my sister, we stayed at the St. James Hotel. The staff at the St. James was simply unparalleled in their level of service. Itzel at the front desk was a delight, calling us by name every time we went through the lobby, and bending over backwards to make our stay an enjoyable one. The concierge, Kathleen, went out of her way both prior to our arrival and while we were there to ensure that we had a great visit. The porters, Kevin, Jamal, and Alex, were always courteous and helpful as well. On what is one of the busiest times of the year for hotels in New Orleans (Jazzfest), we were never made to feel that there wasn the time to make us feel welcome.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>y2flu
<Content>Come on, people! How could you possibly give this place a 5-star rating, or even 4 stars, for that matter? I stayed here last night, and while the place was OK, it was only OK. I really wish I knew what criteria these other people use for their ratings. If you're used to staying at Motel6 and other run-of-the-mill chain hotels, then yeah, you'd probably think this was luxury. But compared to other great hotels, this hotel is merely average. The room was very small, and while the marble bathroom was nice, there was mildew around the edges of the tub, and behind the toilet was filthy with dust and other people's hairs. Gross! The only real highlight was that we were given free parking directly in front of the hotel. That was good, because in this neighborhood, I wouldn't have trusted parking anywhere else. I wouldn't stay here again; there are too many other better hotels in the area.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding service. Loved the St. James. We stayed at the St. James for two nights for a trade show and were absolutely pleasantly surprised by the completely attentive service in a place where you never seem to be treated as a number or a faceless guest. The location was great as was the atmosphere. Little perks like the N.Y. Times each morning added a bit more. Loved the place.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Neat and intimate hotel Warehouse District hotels in New Orleans run to a certain pattern; old warehouse buildings rehabbed on the outside and totally transformed on the inside. The St. James does this better than most. It is small, with narrow, twisty corridors, but engineered well enough to avoid any feeling of claustrophobia. The rooms are small, but beautifully appointed and furnished. The beds, for a wonder, were comfortable, with premium mattresses that did not leave your back in knots the next day. Housekeeping was quiet and efficient, but fresh, dry towels were at a premium, and several members of our group had difficulty getting fresh bath linen.Desk and lobby staff were friendly and helpful, and the Concierge staff were amazing.As with many of the smaller hotels in New Orleans, it does not maintain its own kitchen or restaurant. With dozens of wonderful all-night restaurants a mere two blocks away in the French Quarter, many of them willing to deliver, this is hardly a problem.Very limited function space, Located across the street in another converted warehouse. This is an excellent hotel for small meetings and retreats, and for use as a base of operations in your explorations of one of the neater cities on the continent.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Staff at St. James Hotel Is Wonderful I am just returning home from a nice weekend in New Orleans and I want everyone to know that the staff of the St. James Hotel is top-notch. Everyone was helpful and friendly beyond my usual experiences (and I travel a lot). Further, the Concierge was quite incredibly astute regarding restaurant recommendations and off-the-beaten-path historical sites and facts.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Holet I thought that the hotel was great! My friends and I had a great time. It was a place where no one bothered you unlike other hotels! I would absolutely stay there again! We felt very at Home!! Thanks  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Perfect Nest What a beautiful get-a-way. I never new that New Orleans had hotels such as this. The St. James staff greeted us with grand welcome. Everything is grand at the St. James including the employees, rooms, and Cuvees next door (excellent cuisine). I encourage anyone that wants to stay at a hidden jewel to stay here...anyone can stay at any Marriott, but you will not be welcomed with the same personable hospitality as you will receive at the St. James Hotel.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Getaway! The St. James Hotel is an elegant hotel in New Orleans. The hotel was welcoming in staff and decor. The room was relaxing and the bed was perfect. It obviously was just refurbished and the decor made the whole hotel fit together.The location is close enough to walk to everything and what wasn't close was just a hop on the trolley. The staff was knowledgable about activities and more than helpful to arrange them.Dinner at Cuvee was so wonderful that we came back for lunch. This is a romantic spot and we will certainly return on our next trip to New Orleans.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the best two nights ever experienced We checked in to The St James Hotel in New Orleans during the afternoon of Sunday February 27th 2005. This is a wonderful boutique hotel with all of the charm, service and hospitality one could ever want in a hotel. Not only were all the staff attentive but to be greeted by the General Manager during our stay was exceptional. Our dining experience in the restaurant Cuvee, both for lunch and dinner was exceptional as well.The rooms are VERY well appointed and GREAT value. The hotel is in a quiet location and our room was over the front entrance BUT ONLY two blocks from the French quarter. The Diner which is open 24 hours, one block away was also a great spot for late night dining after staying too long in the Casino which is also only a couple of blocks away. We also had breakfast there one morningDon't forget to visit Cafe du Monde!Thanks once again to the Management and Staff of The St James Hotel for making our stay memorable.WE WILL RETURN.Stephen Creese  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Hotel I want to let everyone know that the St. James Hotel is a great place to lay your head down at night. I slept like an angel with their new duvet covers and feathered pillow top. I was so glad that we chose the St. James. We were a part of a wedding that was being held at the Board of Trade and it was awesome the level of caring service that we received. I heard that the hotel is currently going through its 4 diamond tranisition. The changes are so subtle, but whatever they are doing it is working. Sure the hotel is not perfect, but what won my heart is that I got better service than I have received at some Marriotts. The great thing also is that the hotel is not finished with its upgrade. Kudos to the St. James staff for their hospitality. The management staff should give their employees a raise. Here's what you can look forward too at the St. James: I was looking for a great place to eat at and they pointed me in the right direction, little did I know that they were calling the management of the restaurant that I was going to eat at. The restaurant manager welcomed me and informed me that The St. James staff had called and told him that we were their guests. Needless to say the red carpet was rolled out at the restaurant (Rene's Bistrot). I have to admit I had never felt so important in all my travels. I can attest that the St. James Hotel staff know how to make their guest feel every bit of a VIP.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Only Problems were in the Details My wife and I stayed at the St. James a couple of weeks ago, and considering we got a super package through Expedia, it was about as nice as we could have hoped for. Like other tripadvisor users, I was concerned about some scary reviews of this place. Unlike with other guests, our room was more than what we expected since we got a suite. The older furniture, curtains, and high ceilings were charming and the whole hotel has a rather bizarre Southern / Africana theme to it. However, like other guests, we looked closely and saw flaws: ancient stains everywhere, a handle that came off the tub's temperature control, and makeup stains on the one robe that hung in the bathroom. These flaws didn't really bother us though, because the suite was superficially clean and tidy, and housekeeping visited every day.I'll agree that the staff are rather odd, and I definately wouldn't want to count on them if some emergency came up. We once asked for the man at the desk to call us a cab. He proceeded to run a block away and flail his arms. Meanwhile, a cab pulled up to the hotel, we hopped in, and drove off. The front desk tries too hard to be friendly, in my opinion, but that's much better than the other way around. They are also pretty aggressive about trying to book tours for you, obviously with companies that are giving them a cut.Overall though, we were happy with the St. James and with our visit to New Orleans. I'm just glad I didn't know about the safe break-ins before we went down there.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>we were robbed from the room safe We put all our valubles in hotel safe we had 280 of english money taken from the safe. the manager was not very sympathetic towards us and was implying that it could not have happened, we were very upset with this. the manager said that this has never happened before but we have just read a review and that another gest had there room robbed the same weekend. the city was everthing we dreamed of but the hotel was average and after what happened we would advise not to stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel The rooms were small, but VERY clean. No hidden charges like others mentioned (except that parking ended up being more than we were told). The staff couldn't have been better. Carla (who is a doll), Alex, and Francis were extremely helpful. When we checked in, they brought our bags up to the room, when we checked out they put our bags in the car for us. The valet had our car to us in about 2 minutes. We were VERY impressed with this hotel and it made our trip that much better. The location was great. Very safe part of town and definitely within walking distance of the casino, bourbon street and the parade routes. Did I mention that Carla was hot???  We went to New Orleans for Mardi Gras and none of us had ever been before. We did alot of online research and after we booked this hotel, we started reading some of the reviews. Needless to say, we got a little worried. I am wondering if these reviewers actually stayed at the same St. James that I stayed at???    The only negatives that I can think of were:   - parking was expensive (ended up being 25 a night)  - when we got into new orleans, the parades were blocking off the streets that we needed to get on in order to get to our hotel. we called the st. james to see if there was an alternate route and no one could help us. (alex explained to us later that the guy we called does not live in new orleans and alex apologized several times for that gentleman).  - rooms were small  - the toilets weren't very strong (we stuffed it up twice). Not unusual for us though.   ...overall, 4.5 out of 5 stars   
<Date>Feb 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My room was robbed Upon first arriving the rooms and hotel look nice. It is an older hotel and looks charming. I had read many of these reviews online and while worried, I decided to give this hotel a chance. That was my first mistake. Their lack of security (they don't have any) and cleanliness really show once you settle in and the illusion is gone. While the location is good, I would highly recommend you stay elsewhere. Other than this hotel experience, the city was a wonderful place to visit. In addition to my room being robbed, the stay was quite bad. When I arrived after booking online, the hotel stated that the room I reserved was not available (two beds, even though I phoned them directly TWICE to confirm prior to my arrival. They blamed the online service and said it happens often with them, I blame their lack of organization. I was moved the next day to a room with two beds, but without toilet paper, washcloths, robes, tissue, laundry bags, etc. When I called to request the missing amenities, they did not arrive and had to go get them myself at the front desk. I never did get the robes. The next day I returned from touring to find my room had not been serviced and that I had been robbed. When I asked for service they said housekeeping was not available. They brought me some towels but I had to clean my own room. Later that evening while in the shower, the spout broke and I was left standing with soap in my hair and now, no shower. Find another hotel.   
<Date>Feb 12, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>HORRIBLE HOTEL Terrible hotel, don't be fooled by their website. Rooms are tiny with unreliabe air condition and no refrigerator (supposed to have one). Poor insulation, heard every noise in the hallway..no amenities. Valet service took over an hour to get our car..for the price...give this hotel a MISS!!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Total dump Don't believe the positive reviews. Those people must never have stayed in a hotel before. I've stayed in dirt-cheap hotels in Europe and Central America that were better than the St. James. Speaking of dirt, it's everywhere - rugs, furniture, bathroom, walls. We got maid service one day out of three, but even then the bathroom didn't look clean.Staff are either incompetent, smugly hostile or both. If this is the only hotel you can get, stay home.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Experience My husband and I arrived at the hotel on October 20, 2004 and left on October 23, 2004. From the time we pulled up to the curb with our car, we were treated exceptionally. They took our car and parked it in a garage - when it was returned 4 days later it was in excellent condition. The doormen were always helpful and courteous. At the front desk, George Matthews and Marco Galaverna went out of there way to be helpful. George help us pick out some tours that were very informative. We learned a lot about New Orleans, it's origin, history and culture.To say the least, WE HAD A GREAT TIME!, thanks to all the staff at the St. James Hotel.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Delightful stay... We recently stayed at the St. James Hotel and had a lovely stay! Our room was quaint, spacious, and nicely appointed. The staff was friendly... always acknowledged us as we passed the desk! When we book our next trip, we'll be sure to call the St. James first....  
<Date>Nov 10, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BRBelle
<Content>Pray for a miracle at the St. James... This could be a great hotel - it is in a wonderful location and with the help of some experienced disaster cleaners and some pretty intensive customer service training - who knows? The place looks pretty good from the outside, but the interior was long overdue for some cleaning - even the lobby showed signs of obvious neglect with worn and dirty upholstery on what probably was almost new furniture ?go figure. Our room could have been, should have been, wonderful, but, alas, it too was lacking. The double bed was hort sheeted?with what had to have been a set of very worn twin bed sheets tucked more or less atop a very worn, dirty and lumpy mattress, yet the room was nicely appointed save for the fact it was dirty. During our five day stay either the phantom housekeepers did a really lousy job, or, more than likely, our room was NEVER serviced at all. Around the evening of day 2 of our stay when we brought this situation to the management attention ?we were brought clean towels, but still no housekeeping ?go figure. Stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lindamayet
<Content>Buyer beware There must have been a huge staff change from May to July as I read consistently the reviews and it has not been until I returned from my own nightmare at St. James that the very same things occurred...We had four rooms booked that I also had prepaid and requested bed dynamics as some were couples, others were not. When we complained, we were told that we weren't promised specific beds, although I had the paper in my hand that confirmed beds and types per room. Thank God the smoking room was given to one of my party as they would have smoked no matter what, and we arranged between ourselves to maneuver for the beds we needed and the next day one of our party did get changed to a double as the two men really didn't want to share a bed. The first full day (we were there from July 3-10) the concierge wanted to set up a tour for us, and after talking with my husband he stated he had to have $240 cash to make the reservation. He proceeded to make the reservation, and when my husband told me about the cash issue, I said no way. I went to the concierge and said we aren't playing that game and he was all surprised as to my wanting to cancel the trip. I told him I had relatives in the area and I planned to ask them if that was normal. When I asked why a card wasn't enough to hold a confirmation, he said it was their policy (the tour co.) and they had a cash machine right around the corner to service that need. Well, asked the relatives, and they said they had never heard of such a thing. The next morning I got on the phone (by the way, the extra charges that I found out about at check out aren't for phone and safe, they are for internet and safe...someone earlier said it was phone...and whether you use the safe or internet or not, which one of our party tried and the internet didn't even work) to set up our own tours, Tours by Isabelle was real nice by the way) and one of the companies I called right away said Is this the Robinson party? Well, that took me by surprise, and when I asked how they knew, she recognized the number of the party at the St. James. She asked had I cancelled a trip from the prior day, when I said yes, and we might as well quit talking as I am not going to give cash money, she said she had no idea what I was talking about and when I told the story of the day before, she said cash was not required and they did use cards...well, we booked using my card, and a big lesson was learned there. We booked the balance of our trips, and they are really easy to get, some you just walk up to the place and get the time you'd like. Our rooms also had remnants of past clients (under the bed, in the drawers), no robes were available, and they want you to wear them when you use the spa, our door was left open the first day by housekeeping by the security bar, and the assist. manager said he doesn't like it but that housekeeping helps each other and sometimes one forgets to follow the other and they leave the doors open for them and they don't come (which explains why some cleaning didn't happen) and so the doors get left open. My party panicked with that and we requested no housekeeping for two days until we had to have towels, and then housekeeping asked us to sign a sheet to say we didn't want cleaning???I also only saw one lady on our floor doing any cleaning, so I wonder were the team was that caused the unlocked door? We did love the spa and had our evening gathering there. Lastly, at checkout we had the additional safe and internet costs (and it was quite a bit more if you used them) and with 4 rooms the cost was pricey and surprising. To end it all two days after I left the St. James, my sister called and she had been charged the balance (over $500 due to parking-oh and we waited over an hour for one of our cars too-they park in the Sheraton apparently, and lost the car)although at checkout I had given the desk person my card and signed the charge, apparently he never looked at it and just charge my sister's card as her room was the only one that was registered to a woman (mine had my husband's name on it) When I called the St. James and told them they had broken a law by accepting a signature for someone else's card, they said she had given an imprint of her card and they hadn't broken any law, but would fix it if I gave them my card #. I told them I know darn well she hadn't agreed to pay other people's rooms charges and it was illegal for them not to even look at the signature, they blew it off. I was talking with an assistant manager and we got disconnected. When I called, I said I had been cut off from a call with the manager and low and behold, I was connected with the real manager who I had been told wasn't in that day. He tried to back out of talking with me, and I said no way, I had been lied to that he wasn't even there and he was gonna hear my comments. He finally gave in, but was very argumentative until I got to the part about his concierge trying to bilk us out of money, and he, after questions about who, said that man was fired, and my reply was he was still there mid-week that we saw and was still doing his thing to another couple, after we had reported it two days earlier. Balance of story, after telling the manager all of the above, his end result was pay the balance and if my sister gets overdrafts, with notorized letters from the bank they would pay, on his word, as that's all he would do, no adjustment for the now almost an hour long distance call, nor the rip off for the safe and internet. He said the rooms had been discounted initially, however, in talking with others in the hotel, they had gotten their rooms nearly $30 cheaper than ours for the same timeframe. Thank God that the bulk of our time was not involved with staying in the building and we did love the food and events there and my siblings and I were together again for the first time in 42 years...so even the crap that went on didn't take the shine out. Oh, they recommend Mother's as a great place to eat, but only go there if you want to be abused and treated like a gradeschooler, stay in line, don't talk, be ready to order, don't complain, and DON'T ask for coffee refills. It was Soup Nazi New Orleans style. St. James highly recommended it.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will go back to St. James in a heartbeat!! First time in New Orleans since 1967. Picked the St. James from advice of Hotels. Got a great room rate and loved hotel! Be sure to ask for room not at the front of hotel due to traffic noise. The staff is fabulous, especially Rolando  Lester who helped us with tour bookings, offered suggestions and gave valuable hints where to go  where not to go. The restaurant associated with St. James, Cuvee, is a gourmet delight! It is inimate and the food is a feast for eyes and palate. Enjoy, I did. I'd go back in a heartbeat!!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You people are crazy! I really don't understand all these sour grapes reviews on the St. James Hotel. I just returned from a week staying at the St. James, and it was great! The entire staff was very kind, especially those working at the front desk. If we needed anything during our time, they always helped us out. The only drawback (yes, I can only think of one!) was that our safe wasn't working properly. But George (I think he was the manager) took those charges off of our bill for the duration of our stay, which was very kind. Also, Kevin working at the front desk was quite courteous and always took the time to talk to us whenever we came in from sightseeing or shopping, he was very nice. The valet service was quick with our cars as well.I would definitely stay in this hotel again!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>syeldell
<Content>Terrible Facility I made a group booking for 15 family members to stay at your hotel from July 5 - 9th as the Yeldell Group. My husband and I were booked for an additional night and did not leave until the 10th. It is a shame that the hotel is not maintained. We finally stayed in rooms 202, 203, 206, 213 and 302. Room 202 had mildew around the bathtub, a cup of coke with cigarette buts in the window when they came and after 4 days of so call housekeeping the same remained in the window. Their linen was not changed even upon request. The party in room 203 was moved from 422. 422 was horrible; mildew around the bathtub, door knob fell of the door to the bathroom, room had a musty odor. Room 203 was somewhat better but it too had mildew around the tub and the party was unsuccessful in getting the bed linens changed. On July 7th they finally got fresh bed linen from the desk clerk and one of the party members changed the linen and made both beds. My husband and I stayed in Room 206. The room lacked overall cleanliness (mildew around the tubs, over the bathroom door), there was a nasty spot on the bedroom carpet and remained there when we left, the lovely faucets fell off in your hand when you turned on the water. over the tub. The wall paper was falling off the wall and the curtains (not drapes) were falling from the window and for 5 days no one saw a need to re-hang them. The door to 206 would not lock. With complaints we were able to get the door re-hung so it could lock, the faucet over the bath tub was replaced. The room safe for my protection was broke. We were not successful in getting the sheets changed even though we requested them to be changed on 2 of the 5 days. We asked for our bed linens tobe changed and went so far as to take them off the bed but the same ones were placed back on the bed. We took photos with our digital camera of the bed linen, the wall paper, the mildew the falling curtains. If you would like, the photos are available for your review if you have not already gone up to check out the condition of the hotel rooms. The party that checked into Room 213 was moved on the first night because there was blood in the bathtub and on the counter in the bath. What type of housekeeping occurred there. They were moved to room 302 and indicates after that their room was fine. The party that ended up in room 213 was moved there after the second night from room 122. Room 122 was awful. Bad odor in the room, mildew around the tub and door and a running water sound could be continuously heard even though the faucets in the room were not running. Please note that 213 was a room that a previous party had been moved from due to lack of overall cleanliness.Overall the stay was terrible. When we got to the hotel we were told we owed an additional $7.90 per night for the room safe and telephone service. I explained to the clerk that we had prepaid and was told we would be responsible for incidentals such as room service and long distance calls. I also informed the clerk that I had the confirmation from Hotel.com and it said, any incidentals such as parking, phone calls and room service will be handled directly between you and the hotel. He indicated that he was the clerk and could not do anything but require us to pay the charges as this was hotel policy and we could talk to the manager later that day. The following morning as group leader I went to talk to the manager and was told by Kevin that he was running late but would be in by lunch. I asked for a copy of the form that I had initialed as I had written my comments of disagreement on it. He said the copier was not working, this is the same things the night clerk said when I requested a copy of the form from him. Kevin did say he could go across the street to corporate office and get a copy and bring it to me later. I asked him to please get the copy but I would wait for him to return. He in fact got the copy and I waited about 15 minutes for him to return. I told him I would come back later on to talk the manager. I was given a business card for the manager and we went on our way. I came back later and was told that the manager was sick and would not be in until now the following day. I again expressed my concerns. The following day I was successful in speaking with the manager. After agreeing to disagree (He said that expedia.com and hotel.com had repeatedly misrepresented the hotel and should have included the $2.95 nightly charge for safe and $4.95 nightly charge for phone and internet service, that they had talked with them about this and that other guest had the same complaints. I responded that if you allow a company that you repeatedly do business with to Misrepresent your services then you agree with the misrepresentation). After a lengthy discussion, the manager agreed to remove the safe charges for the party but to include the daily $4.95 charge for the phone. We all had cell phones, we were on a family vacation and did not come to work and did not need to call any one since we were all there together. We felt we had hidden costs that should have been identified upfront. Our complaints were not satisfied. The desk staff were very professional, obvious that some form of customer service training had occurred, but they all tried to explain the problems away. It is a shame to have restored the facility in 1999 and have it look the way it did. The housekeepers did not have a vacuum cleaner or clean sheets on the carts so I guess cleanliness was not a goal. We had to ask for clean towels and the staff stated the linen had been taken by other guest as they had just finished with some kind of festival. What a terrible excuse for poor service. I booked our accommodations on Expedia after talking with Stan in group booking on April 14, 2004. However, I received room confirmations on April 16, 2004 as the Yeldell Group and were looking foward to having a good time since we had not been in New Orleans for over 15 years. We enjoyed the community but would not go back to the St. James unless there was assurance that the entire facility had been renovated and was maintained. I would suggest that management move from the front desk and acutally inspect your facility. I believe the accommodations could have been better if the place was maintained. What a waste for a historic restoration. I can not recommend your hotel for future use.Birmingham, Alabama 35217-1842  
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible, will not return Housekeeping left my room door open twice after cleaning and the front desk staff didn't seem to think it was a big deal. Charged for a movie that I never ordered. Front desk refused to credit my account. Charged for parking even though I did not have a car. Front desk DID refund that charge. Front desk staff forgot my wake-up call once during the 4 nights I was there, causing me to be late for a breakfast meeting. Cuvee restaurant is excellent  
<Date>Jul 11, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>livefromva
<Content>The Saint What? We stayed at the Saint James for 6 nights. The rooms are small, there are no refrigerators or vending machines. Only soda machines that work sometimes! The hotel is in walking distance from Canal Street, Bourbon Street, Riverwalk, Casino and Hueys Diner. You only have to step over the homeless people on your way. We had a view of the building across the street that is being renovated into another hotel. The staff was very courteous: Frances, Ronnell, Ms. Lee, Charlene and the bellman (his name begins with an R too) I believe he said he was originally from New Jersey. Dont let LESTER book your tours for you. He mislead 13 of us and bilked us out of our $15 deposit. Also, the charge a mandaroty daily fee for the phone and a safe (even if you dont use them!) You wont find out about that until you check in. Overall, the hotel is ok. We plan on staying at one on Canal street next year.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JB_Chi-town
<Content>Stay drunk and its just like the Ritz Carlton... The question is, when you run a hotel in one of the most popular party destinations in the US, does it matter to your business to leave a good impression on your customers? According to what I witnessed at the St. James, the answer is apparently No.Housekeeping? Bring your own towels, sheets, and if space permits, bed. The closest thing I saw to housekeeping was a woman with a broom wearing a crazy mardi-gras hat. She MAY have been housekeeping but since my room was never made I have no idea really.Reservation of a room, as they explained to me at length, just means that theoretically a room has been reserved; however, that room may be a single bed, double bed, two single beds, or perhaps even a broom closet depending on when you show up to claim your reservation, even if you specifically asked for two beds. So, if your idea of a bachelor party includes spooning with your hairy college roomate every night, do put the St. James at the top of your list.Business centre: (well they had a fax machine) I asked them to send a fax and after patiently waiting for 1/2 an hour, they managed to send it...upside down. My client was really surprised to see a blank piece of paper coming out. In all fairness, this may have been the first time the fax machine was used.On the positive side, they will have as good a laugh at you about the hilarious state of things at the St. James. It's like Faulty Towers set up shop in the the middle of the South. If only John Cleese was there to add a little class to the place...  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the best in new orleans The staff is the best very polite they made me feel like i was at home. special thanks to Ronnell and Jamall. good Job  
<Date>May 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What fun in a Historic Hotel We really enjoyed staying at the St James Hotel again. It has a wonderful new Manager named Marcus. He is an experienced manager who has really made some improvements. The Front Desk service and the quality of Housekeeping was really up to paar. We stayed in the front building, which is where some of the Texas Revolution papers were signed. This building was also used by the Union Soilders as a Hospital when New Orleans was occupied during the Civil War. The beautiful rooms are very inviting and comfortable. You can't beat the prices, plus the Hotel is only two and one half blocks from the French Quarter. You can stay in one of those Big Box Hotels anytime. Give this one a try!  
<Date>May 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Migizi
<Content>OK facility, lousy service If all you need is to sleep, and have no needs at all from the staff, then you will find this to be a quaint, fairly nice hotel. Rooms are OK, though not well lit. They do surcharge the heck out of you too, though.But if you need anything at all beyond a room key, beware. Here are just a few of the problems our group had with our rooms:--No bedding on second, bed, took 3 requests before that was addressed.--Valet service for car takes forever--Type of rooms requested were not available, despite reservations--People were locked out of a room when they checked it out early on them--In numerous cases, rooms were not serviced as requestedService was bad. I would recommend another hotel.  
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We Try Harder? I imagine a commercial being made for a competitor hotel based on the Avis We Try Harder ads. A fellow is checking in at the competitor hotel and getting all kinds of help and thinks, what would happen if the hotel didn't try harder.Cut to the Saint James. An arriving guest gets out of his car for supposed valet parking and gives his keys to the bellman who tells him it will be parked in a secure spot. Hours later the guest leaves the hotel and sees his car sitting right where he parked it (apparently, where he parked turned out to be a secure spot.)In a new scene, the guest goes to the front desk to make sure his original reservation was extended by one day as had been requested. The guest looks disappointed as the confused desk clerk first tells him she does not have a record of that and then explains she has no idea how to extend a reservation. Fortunately, the bellman does- five or so minutes later after he has finished parking a car.Then cut to the guest leaving his hotel room. The maid (if you can call him a maid- have never seen a fifty-something man maid before this) knocks on the room next door and says housekeeping. Cut to guest returning to room hours later, which to his shock has not been made up. (Apparently, the maid is around for a couple of hours each day and might or might not decide to clean your particular room- expect a cleaning every two or three nights.)Cut to guest looking in what appears to be an area where a refrigerator might be. Nooooo- it's just a cupboard filled with ten empty beer bottles and some crumpled up shopping bags from the previous guest (or a guest from a few weeks ago- who knows?) Well, isn't that nice.Cut to guest returning to room again. He's locked out- his key card no longer works- apparently that whole extend the reservation thing is very confusing. Cut to guest back at front desk getting a new key card. He asks for a 4am wake up call. Cut to guest sleeping soundly as wake up call never comes (fortunately for me, the alarm clock did work). End of commercial.-Yes, this all happened to me in my weekend at the Saint James (except for the car which happened to someone else at the bachelor party I was attending). Do not stay here unless you are out of other options. You would have to try hard to find somewhere worse- so don't ask the staff at the Saint James to help you.  
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, great staff, great deal!!! I read quite a few of the bad comments on here, but decided to be risky and stay based on the good things I heard. New Orleans has so much to see, and the Saint James had so much to offer. The staff knew anything and everything that I wanted to know. Miss Lee with housekeeping was very helpfull when we asked for extra towels. Jamal and Daren booked us on a ghost tour and helped with anything else we needed. The price for such a nice hotel was amazing. If you are going to book, I reccomend booking through hotels.com to get a better rate. Thank you to all of the staff for a very enjoyable stay.  
<Date>May 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nirvana Upon arrival I was greeted by very courteous staff. I was put into a great little room that was poolside. Throughout my stay the entire staff went out of their way to make sure that I was fully accomodated. Special kudos to Darrell for helping me and my wife with all of our dinner reservations and answering any questions we had. We will definitely return to The St. James and only hope that Darrell will be there to assist us once again.   
<Date>May 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay at your own risk! Everything appeared dirty. We were scared to walk on the carpets without shoes. Also, items disappeared from our room while we were gone and when we questioned the hotel they really didn't care.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Find  We stayed at the St. James in April 2004 and had a great time, the hotel is located near the French Quarter, and is in walking distance to all the attractions. The staff is very friendly and helpful; the rooms are clean and fresh. Overall the service from all the staff was excellent. We are going back in October for my husband birthday.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WriteMike
<Content>Extra Charges: Buyer Beware! Turns out this hotel has a MANDATORY daily charge for its telephone system and for maintaining a safe (required by Louisiana law) in each guest room, even if a guest opts to not use either of these offerings. Total charge per day: $7.90! You won't find out about this until you are at the front desk at check-in. Buyer Beware! And don't expect any sympathy from the General Manager, MARCO GALAVERNA. He is definitely not the type.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2004
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Worst Ever! Absolutely the worst hotel I have ever stayed in out of approximately 300. The room was moldy, the blanket and bed spread dirty and blood on the mattress pad. I had the sheets changed once in 5 days (there is a sign in the room for you to place on the bed if you want linen changed). I put it on the pillow the morning of my second day to request a change. After that they took away the sign so I didn't have an opportunity to request a linen change - and believe me, I didn't get one either. All night, every night, I felt small bites - there were definitely something in the bed sheets that were biting us (both my roommate and I had small red marks all over our bodies). The TV cable was loose and wasn't repaired until late evening of our second day and upon my 4th request. I arrived back at the hotel on my third day around 4:30 pm to find the beds unmade and no clean towels. When I called the desk to ask them to clean the room I was told the housekeeping staff had left for the day and they could only send towels. I was sharing a double room for a six day stay with one other person, however, the only closet space was a small (approx 14 inch wide) space in the armoire that housed the TV) along with 3 hangers. There was not a single hook in the bathroom or anyplace else to hang our clothes. I had to keep mine in my suitcase and iron daily. The ironing board was the type that you have to place on a table so the only place to use it was in the bathroom on the counter - not very ideal. I would have checked out the second day, but the room had been partially paid for by my roomate's school district by check made out to the hotel. When I left the hotel and complained to the manager, all he said was others hadn't complained- not true - I spoke to several other guests - all disgruntled!! Never an apology - nada. Please enjoy your stay in New Orleans by finding accomodations than this cheesy place!!!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It Myself, my son and daughter and two of their friends stayed at the St. James and we loved it. They would have liked a larger pool, but we really didnt have that much time for swimming anyway. The rooms were large, clean and had a wonderful atmosphere. We go to New Orleans several times a year and usually stay at another hotel, but this one is perfect and with in walking distance of all our favorite attractions. This is our new hotel of choice.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>karlarnold
<Content>Average at best. Look around for a better place. The hotel is 1 block away from a homeless shelter, 1 block from the W Hotel, and within walking distance to the French quarter and the casino. The room that I got was tiny and gave you the feeling that you were sleeping in a walk in closet. Every time someone walked by in the hallway, the pictures in the wall began shaking, similar to what you would experience in an earthquake. The staff was courteous and the room was clean. I was hit with an additional safe and phone charge that came out to about $9 per day. Check around. You can find a better hotels for the same price.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothin like jumpin into a wet bed! Moved rooms- 3 times- should have changed hotels! But frontdesk staff- Erika and Darrel are WONDERFUL HELPFUL NICE PEOPLE- who work in an expensive dump! keep in mind as you read - we paid full suite price for oursuite each night we were there- no discount! 1.For two weeks prior to our check in date, I tried to contact your sales/catering dept. to make Wedding arrangements. One Feb.11th I finally got a call back- Carolyn had been out of the country and no one else bothered to call me. 2.Upon check in ? we were put into a small musty smelling room. Erika at the front desk immediately moved us into a suite (per our reservation) and gave us vouchers for dinner that night for our troubles. She handled this with a smile and very pleasant, even though on a busy weekend such as Mardi Gras weekend she only had one Bellman and Valet. (Scheduling enough personnel to cover peak check in would be wise) 3.After getting our entire luggage unpacked we went out for dinner, Getting back at about 11pm. Tired from our drive from Texas, I crawl into bed- only to find it soaked! Called the front desk and we are told she will have to call us back if she can find someone to take care of it. She did offer to move us to another room- but no bellman to help move our stuff, and no we could not leave our things until morning in the wet bed room and get them the next day. We had to remove everything and give her the key to that room. We asked that the linens be changed and we would stay put. We waited 30 minutes and we called she said she was on the way. She brought us sheets- so old you could see thru them and two mattress pads- neither would fit the bed. No blankets, no bedspread. When we asked for those items we got more attitudes. And ?well I will have to see if I can find one? was her answer. 30-45 more minutes my husband goes down to the front desk- she has a blanket on the floor behind the desk and says- don?t know if that will fit and I can?t find anything else. We flipped the mattress ourselves and made the bed. 4.The bathroom was not clean and stocked as it should have been, the room overall was dusty and there was a dirty t shirt on the window sill (inside). 5.A half empty bottle of Diet Coke was in the cabinet. 6.After being moved the next day- the new room was cleaner but still very dusty. 7.Lack of hot water- this is a fixable problem. Install water heaters in each shower line; they can be bought for about 35.00 a piece at Lowes, or Maintence Warehouse. 8.Safe did not work; Erika adjusted our bill for this. As after all of the problems we had encountered this was minimal. 9.Ceiling light fixture cover in bathroom ? gone exposing bare light bulbs. 10.Check out- no valet on duty until 7am. However upon check in and turning our truck over to the valet service we were told valets were available 24 hours.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful stay!!!!!!!!!! My new husband and I had a wonderful stay here, This was a surprise honeymoon for us and the manager Marco made sure our room was fantastic, we had a suite, with a private coutyard, and plenty of space inside, the decor was just what i had imagined of New Orleans to be, they are really centrally located to anywhere you would want to go. The front desk staff, especially Ericka were superb. The service we received I would defintely recomend to all my friends, and my husband and i will be back, hopefully soon but if not especially next mardi gras, Thank you ST JAMES HOTEL!!!!!! For making our honeymoon unforgetable!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rmjunlimited
<Content>Great start to a holiday We stayed at the St James hotel for five nights over Christmas last year. We had a curt welcome from the staff at reception (it was late, but still...). Other than that we had a great stay there, the room was lovely and quiet, and it was really big with old-fashioned decor that suited the surroundings. We were very impressed with the location, five minutes from Jackson Square, and it was much cheaper than many of the other hotels within that area. It had more character than a chain hotel, and I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hatssat
<Content>great little lodging especially for gamblers We had a great rate through expedia and picked this hotel with out ever seeing it before. We were pleasantly surprised because I like hotels with character. It is not modern or contempory, but early 1900's style. Some of the greatest chairs in the lobby and small areas in hotel. Hotel is on street close to Harrah's casino (st. peter's i think)and that was a requirement for me. Look carefully when you are arriving because it has discreet entrance, if that is allowed in this great city. staff is polite and not overly vivacious, quick to answer requests, and it seems like there may be some permanent residents there. (quiet  rather sedate lobby...but you get the new york times free) Cheaper than big hotels, but nicer than cheap hotels. Rooms were typical size etc., but bathtub was a great soaking tub, slanted at the back, and wonderful after a hard days at the slots. LOts of restaurants nearby  Canal street is real close. Area is much safer than a few years ago and is having a resurgence that is good to see. Be Sure and put your Do Not Disturb sign out if you don't want to be awakened very early, a knock at 8:00 one a.m.   
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great deal! Just got back from our stay at St. James and we were pleasantly surprised. Our room was very nice with a window overlooking the dip pool. Staff were friendly and helpful. Only 2 blocks from canal street and a great price. Sometimes I wonder at negative reviews on this site. I guess it really depends on what type of traveller you are so just to let you know, we are easy going travellers who don't necessarily need a schedual to follow, we like to wander at our own pace and are not very demanding. This hotel is no 5 star, and it doesn't claim to be, we were very very happy with it!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible Hotel Do Not waste your money. This was the worst hotel that I have stayed in. My brother and I stayed stayed in this hotel in July 2003. We requested two beds, but since they over booked we got a very small room with only one bed. They brought us a air matress that apparently had a whole in it, so after 4 hours it was flat. When we called for another mattress we were told they didn't have anymore. When we asked for extra sheets and blankets, we were told they were out. Out of 4 days, our room was only cleaned twice. When we asked for clean towels we were told to come downstairs and get them ourselves. Since our room wasn't cleaned we ran out of toilet paper and it took them 30 minutes to bring more. Please don't waste your money.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>missapp001
<Content>Loved St. James The St. James Hotel was great! Close enough that you can walk to all of the attractions but far enough that after a long day you can get some shut eye. The rooms are beatiful! Service was great with a few exception of the front desk staff. I would stay here again anytime.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LuigisMom
<Content>Perfect New Year! We were bumped from another hotel to the St James, so I was not happy to begin with until we got to the St James. The check in was quick, the lobby was clean, quaint. Our room was in a building not attached to the lobby, on the fourth floor. For the inconvenience of being moved they put us in a room with a balcony. The halls are dark, romantic; castle feeling. The room had tall ceilings and the decor matched more of a room in a home than a run of the mill hotel. The porch had weathered New England furniture on it with a couple of potted plants. It felt more like staying in a guest room than a hotel... I am very picky about cleanliness and on a scale of 1-10 I gave the room an 8. It wasn't perfect- but it was as good as some of the four star hotels I have stayed at. I read some of the other reviews and just can't see what was bad, we may have just got lucky with the particular room we got, but I recommend this hotel and will stay there again in the future. It's location is perfect if you are coming from out of town and want to get the most out of touring. I definitely recommend it.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jonesc2
<Content>Warning: Do not stay here We had a pre-cruise stay at this place. It was the worst hotel I've stayed at in years. Out of 7 couples, no one had a room that was exceptable . My husband and I had to change rooms twice. The first room the housekeeper was kicked backed watching TV, the second room was dirty with no windows and the third room was NASTY but we were disgusted at this point and called housekeeping to come and clean it. This took all of 2 1/2 hours with no luck. The pictures on the hotel's web site makes this hotel look very nice but the pictures are very deceiving. I am telling all my friends to stay CLEAR of the St. James  
<Date>Dec 30, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I didn't feel the love! Horrible Hotel, spend more and get the Doubletree! Rooms were dirty, staff didn't care, many items missing from room, hidden charges for phone and stupid safe! Don't bother with a guaranteed reservation for 2 beds, they say it's a requested room type. Two groups didn't get what they reserved while we were checking in. Luckily we had 3 people so we got 2 beds, others with 2 didn't! Location - Magazine street is dimly lighted and dirty (also near the homeless Baptist Shelter). Staff doesn't care about anything. We complained about our room and next day it was worse! Overall a very bad hotel experience - NEVER AGAIN!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything we wanted Absolute ambiance. My husband and I stayed at the St. James in October 03. We were on a budget and purchased a package and upgraded to a suite with french doors opening to the private courtyard with a petite pool. It was as if we owned our own little tropical wonderland. We drank champagne (provided in the package) in the courtyard at night and enjoyed our coffee peacefully every morning. Listening to the water outside our room at night was beyond words. The stay was just what we were looking for. We'll be going back annually.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Problems with Cleanliness Let just say, don't stay here unless you get a room in the newer section. We were given a room above the lobby. We checked in at 11:00 p.m. and went out to enjoy the French Quarter which was a couple of blocks from the hotel. We return back at 2:00 a.m. to find our first problem. Hairs in our bed. NOT ours. Being it was 2:00 a.m. we slept in the other bed.First thing in the morning I noticed that the bathroom had fingerprints on the door and ceiling, mold growing in the shower and on the shower curtain, 1/4 roll of toliet paper with no replacement, and refrigerator not working. I went downstairs and asked that the room be thoroughly cleaned. I was then asked to talk with the housekeeping manager. I repeated the request and thought that by the time we returned in the afternoon the room would have been cleaned....NOT one thing was done. They just made up the bed, which had the same hairs in it... Needless to say this time I asked for a different room. They requested that I talk again with the housekeeping supervisor. This time she went with me to the room, and I had to show her all the problems.TIME CONSUMING. Shouldn't they know how to clean rooms??? We then had to vacate the room again while the supervisor and housekeeper had to clean our room.All things said, they were nice about it, but I felt they should had done this without me asking.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Find! We loved this place! This hotel has true New Orleans charm. We were able to walk everywhere (French Quarter, Art District, restaurants) Staff were always accomodating... would not hesitate to recommend this spot. Oh, one last note, we loved the over-sized rooms. Plenty of space for my husband and I - with two kids.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Leaves a lot to be desired... Just spent several days at the St. James. Even with recent renovations the hotel leaves a lot to be desired. Housekeeping skills are definitely lacking. Don't know how long it had been since a vacuum had been passed, fridge was filthy, bathroom moldy, couch dirty. Maintenance and upkeep just weren't there.Front desk staff seemed overworked and uncaring,except for Paul,who did make an effort to help out. I truely would not recommend this hotel to my friends and I definitely would not stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

