<Author>maxwhile
<Content>Great potential; not a 4 star hotel My wife and I booked our room on Priceline and were initially excited about staying in a 4 star hotel in LA. When we arrived, it had the skeleton of a 4 star, but service and amenities were absolutely...typical, as in Days Inn typical, Super 8 Hotel typical, without the in room amenities you'd find in an average roadside economy lodge! I'd feel bad for anyone that paid full price for the room, which I believe is somewhere around $400. There were no drinking glasses and when we called for some they delivered paper cups. Paper cups at the Hyatt? There was no coffee maker or coffee. There was no microwave. There was no refrigerator. That said, they spared no cost in installing an intricate mini-bar with extremely expensive MMs that were attached to a sensor device so that when moved your room was automatically charged. Parking was astonishingly expensive, as in downtown San Francisco or Boston or New York City expensive. Don't get me wrong: LA's cool and all, I get it, but where we were in LA does not call for $24 self-parking. For that price, I'd better be looking at the Golden Gate Bridge outside my window, not a construction site and an algae infested water fountain adjacent to track housing. So, let's break it down: no drinking glasses, no microwave, no refrigerator, $24 self parking and $8 MMs. We felt rather nickle and dimed, and that isn't a good feeling to take away from a hotel.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>2	2	4	2	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>vlad_dc
<Content>Loved the Hyatt, stylish and functional Just returned from a long day at the Hyatt, and really loved it. I primarily chose it because of its location (across the street from where I was going), but from the second I pulled up to the entrance I was impressed with the service, style and functionality of the hotel.Staff was efficient and friendly in an understated sort of way. They generally left you alone (I think they primarily cater to people there on business), but were always friendly and provided useful advice. Yes, valet is $33 a day (there is self-park a 2 minute walk away for $20 each time you go in or out), but that is pretty typical for this kind of a location. The valet guys were helpful with local area advice, and they got my car super fast.I stayed in a Regency Club room and loved it. I actually don't know if the rooms are any different than normal rooms, but you get access to the Regency Club in the lobby that has free breakfast in the morning, drinks throughout the day, and appetizers in the evening. It also has free Wi-Fi access and 2 computers with a printer - very handy. It's a very functional room, affording a surprising amount of privacy for business conversations. I LOVED the room. I was on the 18th floor - not sure if this is a special Regency floor or not, but it was great. Very wide and stylishly appointed hallway that slightly curves so it feels smaller and more personable.I had an even numbered room, and those look out west towards the ocean and the sunset. Checked in around 3pm as the sun was starting to set, and the whole room was just washed in glorious sunlight. Great views towards the pool area and then all the way to Santa Monica. Had no trouble seeing Catalina, even though it wasn't a particularly clear day. Very expansive view. Loved the balcony, which they call the lanai. It is very large and has a carpet, feels very cozy.Room is huge, tons of space, everything very functional and fresh looking. Nice big plasma TV (which I didn't even turn on). Big, luxurious and modern bathroom. Only two complaints about the room are that (1) the water pressure in the sink (but not the shower) was very low, and (2) the mp3 attachment for the clock radio was crappy and there was interference when I tried to play my Zune.Very convenient location - there is a fancy open air mall a 5 minute walk away that has a ton of dining options, from food court to very fancy. UCLA, Beverly Hills, Hollywood - all are only minutes away.The pool area looked fabulous. I only got to relax out there for a little bit. It had that old-Europe beach club feel to it. Pool was seriously heated - I was there Dec 22 and people were swimming in it at 9pm. Also has a nice big outdoor Jacuzzi.Overall, I really loved everything about the hotel and will definitely be back.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>mjjking
<Content>Mixed feelings are unavoidable. Many ups but many downs       The bathroom  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>prefabSc
<Content>satisfactory Bid on a 3 Star hotel via Priceline for a LA vacation and ended up upgraded to the Hyatt ( 105.00 a nite!)The good: Great looking rooms and grounds-friendly enough staff-responsive.The bad: 33.00 a day to valet park! Ouch!! Location is OK for Beverly Hills tourists but less so if your events are more Hollywood or Downtown.Tips-stay away from the rooms facing Ave of Stars and the CAA offices-VERY noisy. However, if you do get put on that side feel free to piggyback on the CAA guest wi-fi network as oppsed to the 7.95 a day they charge at the Hyatt.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>st8sman
<Content>Impersonal but grows on you A functional hotel for the business community, it can easily make the tourist who is not dressed for the office or in a noisy group feel they are not in the right place. It seemed that any small talk by the reception staff would be a dismissible offence and even after five days there was no sign of our being recognised. This approach however may be preferred by others, the hotel being sited between the MGM tower and Fox studios. A report of a dud bulb in the bathroom was dealt with promptly and when we brought a bottle of wine into the room, glasses appeared without request.Once we persuaded the concierge that we really did not want to hire a car and pay the exorbitant hotel parking fees he was very helpful in showing us how to walk to Rodeo Drive (10-15minutes away) where you can get a 45 minute tour of the stars homes on a tram for a fraction of the cost of the coach tours that collect you from the hotel. Outside the hotel are regular buses to Santa Monica (cost 75cents), the Farmers Market ($1.25), and Hollywood ($1.25). The bus guide tells you to catch two buses to Hollywood but if you are willing to take a ten minute walk at the Hollywood end you save time and money.The garden; outside swimming pool and Jacuzzi are all one would expect of a good hotel but they need to sort out their catering facilities with e.g. the coffee shop run by Starbucks closing at 3.00pm. It feels like the management is dominated by accountants, but for all its faults, what the hotel did provide, was provided very well. By mixing what the hotel did well with the food hall And supermarket at Century Plaza shopping centre on the other side of the road our satisfaction with the hotel grew through our stay.St8sman Essex  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Traveler8008
<Content>Stylish Hotel, but Unfriendly Service We booked this hotel, after seeing the rooms and amenities on the website. There are good and bad with the hotel.The Good:- Stylish hotel. Modern decor and clean rooms. We were on the Regency Club floor and had a beautiful view of Los Angeles. It got noisy though, with the large buses that park outside of the hotel.- Drinks in the Lobby bar were good. The dessert was mediocre, but the service was good.- Fitness center is well equipped with plenty of cardio machines. If you are a Diamon member, it's free. Otherwise, it's a pricey $20/day.- Lobby is bustling and busy. Active area.- Westfield Mall is 2 blocks away - incredibly convenient.The Bad:- Service, Service, and more Service. The front desk reception was rude and cold. We asked for other options outside of the Regency Club, and they said there were none. We went to the Concierge and asked for other options, and they said there's no other options -- even though the sign outside of the Regency Club specifically says to see Concierge for other options. (This was Thanksgiving Day, and the Club was closed.)We asked the hostess at Breeze Restaurant if we can just have dessert, and her immediate answer was No. She just looked at us, and didn't offer any other option. All in all, it was a rude reception.- The Hyatt charged us for drinks and food that were delivered to our room, even though it was free for Diamond Club Members. We had to go to the front desk to remove the charges.- No car parking. There is valet, but they charge $31/day. (We parked next door, which is $20/day.)The next day, the staff was much friendlier. However, we've already had a foul experience.I recommend the hotel for location and decor, but not for service.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	5	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>alexandriava
<Content>Great rooms! great redo of rooms and lovely pool area. We parked at mall across the street and worked out fine. Great mall with great restaurants. Nice location to in LA. no complaints but there is construction next door, which could get noisy in certain rooms I am sure.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>andrew23
<Content>Loved it!!!       Night view of LA from balcony  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KSNY
<Content>Great Hotel! I stayed at this hotel recently for a conference. It was my second time here. I love this hotel. The staff is super friendly and accommodating and the hotel itself is beautiful. The pool is nice and relaxing and the hotel is only about a 10 minute walk or so from Rodeo drive in Beverly Hills.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travisdog
<Content>I LOVE THIS HOTEL       The Bathroom  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Casualist
<Content>Good Hyatt standard       Hyatt Regency Plaza facade  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>brick_one
<Content>Car Park feel and soul My stay was as part of the hotel's reward scheme, so I've stayed in many of their hotels throughout the US and world. Whilst the rooms  facilties of this hotel look standard the reality is somewhat different. Much has been outsourced and is not integrated well for guests and is 'user-pay'.The fitness centre and spa, widely advertised by Hyatt, both in their hotel description and Concierge email service, is a completely seperate business and hotel guests are treated no differently from the general public. In fact you can't even transit the facility, the easiest way to the nearby mall and hotel grounds, as the spa staff actively 'police' the entrance and send you round the street. This is false advertising by Hyatt and they should be held to task. The gym which is good is a $15 charge per visit - $30 a day for our room. I consider that expensive.The pool has the landscaping of the local carpark, inadequate  poor pool service and again the cafe, which serves the best range of juices and food, is a seperate business and only takes cash , not charge. None of this is clearly explained and you are left to 'stumble' around finding things out for your self.Request for extra towels went unanswered 3 times, taking a trip to the ever-helpful front desk staff to resolve the issue. Worth pointing out that the service here is exemplary.Car parking is $27 per day, again amongst the total additional charges, adding to the daily bill as a car is a necessity for this location.No in-room coffee/tea means that the 'in-house' Starbucks is an additional charge.This is an expensive hotel, with poor service requiring many additional charges for the average stay - wouldn't stay here again as there are many options more worthy in the local area.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>3	1	3	2	4	5	1	2	

<Author>melbourne23
<Content>More dodgy mini bar charges Reception staff were nice at check-in. The room was comfortable and quiet with a decent view. Concierge was attentive and helpful.Housekeeping Dept. was poor, with no respect for privacy and mini bar items disappearing.This is unacceptable for a higher caliber hotel like the Hyatt. When I reported the incorrect charges to the front desk I was advised my account would be corrected, however when I subsiquently checked my credit card I was disappointed to see the charges were still there. I then took the time to write to Hyatt guest relations in mid Sept and am still awaiting a response nearly 1 month later. Disappointing how such a small thing can leave a sour taste!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	3	4	4	1	4	

<Author>NYCROTARYROCKET
<Content>Top Notch Quality and Service. Location Location       Exteiror  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JB&CT
<Content>Excellant Hotel We stayed here for the final 3 nights of our round the world honeymoon.We were both a little aprehensive about our stay in LA. We need not have been! It turned out to be a fantastic hotel. The beds were by far the best that i have ever slept in! If you're staying at the Hyatt Century City you need a car! infact if you want explore LA properly you'll need a car, even if you're right in Hollywood. At least if you're staying in Century City you are midway between most places!Valet parking was $30 per entry which maybe a little steep but it was very efficient and we normally went out for the whole day so we only paid once per day.All in all an excellant stay and a great end to our honeymoon!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ReasonableReview
<Content>BEWARE: Houskeeping Staff Stole $30 from mini-bar and charged it my account! Reception staff was nice at check-in. The room was comfortable and quiet with a decent view. Room service was just fine.Housekeeping Dept. is another story. My company does not pay for tips. And since I don't think it's nice to make people do the work and not give them anything for it, I put the privacy sign up to let them know I didn't need my bed made, towels replaced. Because I didn't leave a tip, the housekeeping staff racked up almost $30 worth of mini-bar charges to my room as retribution. This is despicable for a higher caliber hotel like the Hyatt. Such employees should not be tolerated. Of course I reported this to the manager and suggested such staff be fired.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	4	1	4	

<Author>MikeALarson
<Content>The More You Spend, The Less You Get... I have found my aforementioned title, The More You Spend, The Less You Get to be painfully true in my last week of travels.We stayed here on Thursday, September 4th. The hotel is very impressive. The lobby is beautiful, and the rooms are awesome (We stayed on the 18th floor). It is the little things that peeved me.Internet cost ya, no coffee make in your room, no business center, room service is highway robbery, in room items are highway robbery, and valet is a joke.People pay all this money to stay here and yet the most basic creature comforts are not included or cost a ridiculous price. I needed to use a computer with a printer to print Dodger tickets... I was sent down to the business center (After paying $10 bucks for internet in my room) and was charged $7 for using their internet for about 40 seconds, and printing three pages (my tickets). No one thought it would be nice to help a customer out. The concierge blew me off when I asked, and the front desk had no idea.If there is a lesson to be learned it is this. If you want to pay a lot of money to stay at a cool hotel that is fine. But don't expect nearly the same service, amenities you will get at a Holiday Inn or Comfort Inn. Sad this is the case, but hands down the smaller guy on the block offers a lot more for the buck then the big dog. For me and my girlfriend it is a lesson learned. Hope this guides you in the right direction.-Mike  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>2	1	5	5	4	3	1	1	

<Author>mikester92117
<Content>nice hotel, ripoff extras This is a very nice hotel - there is no question about that. The elevators are very fast and rooms are comfortable. The lobby is nice and it's cool having a real Starbucks right in the hotel, though I though it odd that it was not open when we checked in at 4:00 p.m.However, I have to warn you that the Hyatt (and similar hotels) have designed ways to get as much money out of you from the moment you check in until the moment you leave. As others have mentioned, valet parking is $31. When you drive in, the sign says valet and grayed out are the words self park. In other words, they have removed that option from the front of the hotel. You can drive around the block and find the garage and park there at $10 a day but you will pay $10 each time you come and go (the hourly rate reverts to a daily rate after two hours). Anyway, the process is by design to get you to valet park and pay $31 (+ tips).Next, there is a hi-tech mini bar in the room but there are no prices on the snacks. If you pick up a bag of potato chips looking for the price, you might be charged for them because the minibar detects removal of an item and automatically bills your room for it. It says that on the glass door, but you might not notice that (as we didn't).I didn't get internet access, though I normally do. However, I'm sure they charge it. I wish organizations such as the Hyatt looked at their customers as customers rather than simply revenue sources. You can have such a wonderful stay in such a wonderful hotel but what sticks in your craw are the various scenarios where the hotel is seeking to take more of your money at outrageous rates compared to the rendered service.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>bubetta
<Content>Loved it!! We stayed at the Hyatt Regency only for one night unfortunately!!Our room was spacious, clean, with a fantastic lanai. The bed are superb! We never sleept so well in any other hotel before. We rent a car at Hertz and we picked it up just outside the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>VisitortoLAfromChina
<Content>Bad attitude; I would not go here again. I have a really sour view of this hotel. We planned ONE YEAR in advance for a wedding. Here were the problems:- Repeatedly lost and mixed up reservations, up to the day of the event;- Were promised one year in advance pool view rooms for several of the wedding party. On check in, sorry, they have been booked;- A gouging attitude everywhere you go. Overnight parking $31 per night. Each visit to the gym $20. Note in room: If you require a personal coffee maker, please touch 0. Nice touch is require- The people we'd dealt with over the past year were all unavailble on arrival, leaving to a not my problem / sorry, I didn't do that attitude.For the money......  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	2	2	3	

<Author>Buenzli
<Content>Highly Recommended Wonderful hotel, everything seems clean and new, rooms are spacious with carpeted terrace, only downside is the expensive valet parking ($ 31), if you don't mind walking 5-7 minutes, there is a public parking on East Century (parallel to Ave of Stars) for $ 16 weekdays and $ 10 on weekends  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DCguy30
<Content>Cool Rooms, Great Pool, Fun Atmosphere The building's exterior is nothing to marvel at, but the interior certainly is! This place rocks. The room was spacious and well decorated. The lighting in the bathroom was perfect. The pool was very cool, and if you want to stay somewhere that will let you have easy access to Santa Monica, Westwood, and Beverly Hills, this hotel is a great place to stay. I did not find the parking fee ($31 a night) to be completely unreasonable, but I went in and out several times during my stay. The walls could be thicker, but that's true of many hotels. I would stay here again in a heartbeat, especially at the rate of $115 a night I secured on priceline. Beware that the gym costs $20 a day if you want to use it. Seems like the nicer the property, the more you get nickeled and dimed, but such is life.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>LiberatedMindFL
<Content>Great Choice Stayed 3 nights for a family reunion - large rooms, contemporary decor  great service. Can't think of any misses during the stay. Starbucks on premesis was a nice option for a quick  inexpensive breakfast.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>eehey
<Content>nice hotel, expensive valet parking Quite pricey even bid from priceline, very nice hotel and excellent service. Valet parking is way too expensive. Good location, next to westfield. Wake up at mid-night and hear next door guy's laughing, sound isolation needs improvement.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ttrinchi82
<Content>Not so great We booked the room in January 2008 for a stay in July 08. There are four of us. We booked a room with two double beds. We get there and everyone on line to check in was mad. The hotel staff kept apologizing to people. I knew I was in for something. They apparently booked all of the double bed rooms for some cheerleading competition that was going on at their hotel. Because they have a contract with them, they had to bump everyone even though we booked it in January. They told me they could give us a room with one king size bed and send up a cot. We are four adults! Three of us had to squeeze on one bed?? Not going to happen. So one of us slept on the cot, another on a chair and ottoman. They couldn't give us another cot because it was a fire hazard. They also explained to me that the hotel does not guarantee a bed type, the only guarantee a room type. I never heard of that before. Then, when we got to the room and there were no towels at all! Luckily, I was nosey and opened up the doors to a cabinet in the middle of the hallway and saw a bunch of towels. so we took them from there. Then the thick curtain that keeps the sun out was missing! Luckily we were on the side of the building that the sun sets on. They ended up comping us that entire night but still, that was wrong. They only comped us for the night AFTER we called to complain about the curtain.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	3	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>george1688
<Content>Great Hotel       Pool  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>AllisonNNH
<Content>Hyatt Disappoints This Time This was my third stay at the Hyatt in the last year, and while I like the hotel , it disappointed me this time. It is extremely convenient to my firm's LA office which is why I've stayed there, but I think this time was the last.As has been mentioned before, the rooms are very nice: the finishes are high-end, with granite countertops and gorgeous flat screen TVs. The rooms have very nice balconies and no matter which way your room faces, it's nice to be able to sit outside. The beds are also very comfortable. However, all this is negated by bad housekeeping. My bathroom floor this time was covered in hair. Not just little stray hairs, but lots of long, black hair which was impossible to miss. I did not arrive until really late, so I just took a towel and wiped them up myself, which I immediately regretting doing. When I lifted the towel, it was clear that the floor had not been washed in a while. UGH. The next morning, as I was getting ready to take my shower, I looked for the first time at the towel rack in the tub area, and realized that both towels there were used. DOUBLE UGH. I called housekeeping and while they were up in a flash with clean towels, I was disgusted beyond belief. As I left for the day, I reported all of this to the front desk, and when I got back, there was a message from housekeeping apologizing - sort of. It said they were sorry *if* their housekeeping did not meet my standards. I am pretty sure this doesn't meet anyone's standards, and the if in the apology sounded hedgey to me. Anyway, I was leaving at 5 the next morning and did not have the time or inclination to pursue it further. Unfortunately, the worst was yet to come, when at 4:30 that next morning I tried to take a shower only to find that there was no hot water. I got a tepid shower, but my colleague could not even get tepid water on her floor. She reported it and the hotel accomodated her with a credit, but still - it was a lousy way to start a long travel day. In any case, the long and short of it is that I've had 2 nice stays at this hotel and 1 pretty bad one, so I am giving it an Average rating. Any hotel can be off on occasion, but the cleanliness issue probably pushes me to try the Intercontintal up the street next time.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>JN2323
<Content>Beautiful, but pricey The room was just absolutely breathtaking. We had a poolside view on the 10th floor that enabled a wonderful scope of LA, as well as, the sunset (not to be confused with Sunset Blvd.). The bed was amazingly comfortable. The flat screen TV and granite countertops on all the surfaces gave the room quite a luxurious feel. Our room did not include a bathrobe, coffeepot, or glassware. I think it's weird that the more you pay, the less amenities you get. I guess they make up for it in the furniture and environment. I do prefer a non-odorous, luxurious room without coffee over a malodorous room with hair on the bathroom countertops with a coffeepot that you would prefer to keep away from anyhow.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	-1	5	5	5	-1	3	

<Author>healinghart
<Content>Great location       lobby area  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>crystalswa
<Content>Beautiful hotel, great stay Even though we only stayed one night out of our 9 day trip to California, I would say it was one of the more beautifully decorated ones. We wish we would have stayed here longer.The hotel lobby is breathtaking with the rich warm colors. There were many chairs, couches and places to hang out. My husband used the wireless internet here, while the kids and I chilled and watched on of the tv's. Our check in was great, we were able to check in at noon, when check in is normally 3pm!The parking is a pain, but what are you going to do, it's LA. We paid the $31 with in and out privilages. The valet service is very fast and friendly.The pool area is amazing. There is a covered lounge area with a bar. They have a fireplace they lite a night. The pool was an infinity edge pool, and the hot tub was large enough to fit 12. The tanning pools were really cool! They provide towels by the pool and it was open until 10pm, but we were there longer the night we stayed and no one told us to leave.Our room was on the 15th floor and faced the street with an office building and fountain across the street. This view was fine for us, the kids just liked sitting out on the balcony. The beds were very confortable, not too soft, like most hotels lately. The room was decorated very nicely and was confortable. We did not eat at the hotel after reading all the other review about how pricey it was. This hotel was very easy to get to from LAX and convenient enough to all the touristy things to do in LA.Overall, our stay was a pleasant one and we would most certainly stay again if in LA.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>GailofIowa
<Content>Not bad, not great Have you ever noticed, the higher the star ranking, the fewer the included services. This hotel is no exception. Parking is extra. Internet is extra. There are no coffee pots in the rooms. I'll give you a little secret---you can call and ask for one. It will come with 2 coffee pods and then you can buy more. For my $1000 3 night bill, I expect free coffee. I did not see a hair dryer in my room. Perhaps that is another appliance upon request. My room had a nice balcony and view overlooking the pool. The staff was helpful and pleasant. The mall is across the street and Rodeo drive appeared to be within walking distance on the map. Otherwise you will be driving to other destinations. All in all, not great, but not bad. I really prefer more value for my $$$$$.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	2	5	3	5	2	

<Author>tripper1988
<Content>Hyatt was great with some limitations Great hotel. Perfect location. Rooms recently updated with flat screen TV's and furnishings. Wired and wireless Internet for $9.95 a day. Must go to the Equinox behind the hotel for $20/day to work out. Valet parking was $31/day or a long walk to self park.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>cjlee32
<Content>Great hotel This hotel was in a great location- close to Beverly Hills, UCLA, Santa Monica, etc. Self parking is a little far but $20 compared to $31 valet. Although, there are no in and out privileges. The outside of the hotel is not that spectacular but the rooms and hallways are almost comparable to a Grand Hyatt. Very nice and very clean. Each room has a balcony too. The ONLY downside was that I asked the front desk for a remote control (missing from the room) and never got one until I had to call again and the same happened when I asked for a toothbrush. Besides that, I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rakawa
<Content>Nice hotel, good location, good price This is a well located, nice hotel with friendly staff. The room we stayed in was large and modern. The location is central and the price is very reasonable. We were able to walk to and from the mall which has a movie theatre and some nice shopping. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Billy1115
<Content>Valet parking disaster Room are great clean well appointed renovated.Valet parking is great for $31.00 a day. Let me be clear I don't mind the charge. Some people are so shocked that hotels charge for parking. The valet attendants are lazy. Let me explain how it works. You call down x 2500 for your car. The valets get the car We never had an issue with getting our car. The probem occurs when you drop it off. The Valets never come over to your car they make you get out in the middle of the driveway. They never seem to move the car. The other cars try to squeeze by . This causes traffic jams for other guests as there are 750 room. I can't prove but there ws a slight dent on the driver door of my rental. Luckily I had the rental ins otherwise they would have charged my cc until i contacted my insurance at home.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>mstreds
<Content>Great Hotel The staff was excellent and the rooms luxurious. It is a quick walk (yes walk) to the Century City mall and about a 15 min drive to UCLA, WeHo and Beverly Hills. It was a great stay.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lola_travel_girl
<Content>Great hotel - you should stay here! You may wonder why you should stay in Century City. Firstly, it's a minute or two, literally, from Beverly Hills and it is convenient to Hollywood and Santa Monica. Secondly, it is a two minute walk (yes, I said walk, although you never walk when in LA) from a wonderful shopping mall. Finally, Century City provides you the luxury of Beverly Hills, the safety you need and proximity to major freeways.The rooms are beautiful and spacious 鈥?huge closets, deluxe bathrooms, really comfortable beds, state of the art technology. The staff jump to please you. Their answer is always yes, immediately. The gym and outdoor pool are excellent.I got this hotel on Priceline twice. I was thrilled to return to this magnificent place. You won鈥檛 be disappointed. Unless you want to pay $500 or more for a swanky Beverly Hills hotel, you should stay here.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ma65
<Content>Overpriced in the middle of nowhere First of all, unless you need to be in Century city, there is no reason to stay here. Far from everything, hardly any place of interest within walking distance. Check in went well. When we got to the room, there was a coffee maker on the floor right outside the door. The rooms do not have coffee makers, but you can ask for one. This one was however used, and the staff had forgotten to take it. Well into the room I found that the beds were double, not queens, and that does make a dfference (of 6 inches, to be exact!) when travelling with a husband and two children. The minibar has sensors that charge for every movement of its contents, so you can not use it to keep milk or yogurt for the children, for instance.Went down to the pool to find it in need of renovation (and cleaning!). The pool is not very large, considering the size of the hotel. There are some wading pools, but they were constantly used by ducks!! Good thing my children are past that age!The food at the restaurant was good, but somewhat overpriced. The coffee maker found outside the door when we arrived was still there 24 hours later! Called housekeeping and asked them to remove it, which took an extra couple of hours... Service was in general rather poor.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>kaytchinha
<Content>solid hotel in good location near Beverly Hills Arrived at LAX from Paris and needed a hotel for the night... fortunately my laptop had just enough power left in it to get me a room on Priceline at the Hyatt Regency Century Plaza for half the rack rate. I was impressed with the hotel upon arrival-- cool 60s architecture and glamorous lobby. My room felt huge compared to the small European hotel rooms I'd been staying in previously. I had a high floor with a nice view of LA. Balcony is a bonus. The whole hotel has a very 60s Watergate feel to it, which is cool in my book. Bathroom is spacious and well-appointed. My only complaint arises out of my treatment in the morning, when I went out to buy some drugstore items and planned on returning to the room to conduct some business before checking out at 11. I had put my suitcase in the car, and when I returned to the room at 9 AM the maids were busy cleaning the room. I told them that I had not checked out yet, and they were quite uppity with me, acting as though I had no right to be there and that I was disrupting their cleaning routine. It seemed to me that they were overly aggressive with me, and at the least, should have respected my right to return when I re-entered. Next time I'll make sure to keep the Do Not Disturb sign on the door until the last moment.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>dbasha
<Content>A terrible hotel! I stayed 6 nights at this hotel recently. It was one of the worst experiences I have had. The hotel is, at best, a 4 star hotel, although its prices suggest otherwise. Check-in (at 11.30am) was very slow, with only 2 personnel despite a queue of 10 people. I was then given a very small room. When I called the front desk to ask why, I was put on hold for 25 minutes. I was then told that there were in fact much larger rooms available, and I was moved to one of these rooms. I was not however told that the larger rooms were very warm as the air-conditioning units were small and old (I was helpfully told this by the engineering personnel later). It took 3 complaints for engineering to finally come and let me know that they could not do anything. Having already settled in by then, and with numerous meetings to attend, I reluctantly opted to stay in the room. Service throughout the hotel was uniformally slow, and it was clear that the hotel is under-staffed. At the outdoor areas of the lobby bar and the X-bar, it was not uncommon to wait 25 minutes before getting served; this is unacceptable by any standards. Breakfast was also mediocre and was certainly not commensurate with the prices charged. The door personnel generally tended to ignore people waiting for taxis unless it was brought to their attention that taxis were required. Most suprisingly, considering that this hotel is predominantly a business hotel, the business centre (which was basically a small shop offering limited facilities rather than a proper business centre) was only open limited hours on weekdays, half a day on Saturday and closed on Sunday. On the last day, I checked out at 12pm as required. Since my flight was only at midninght, I asked wheher it would be possible to have shower facilities provided before I left later in the evening (which is a common practice at good business hotels in various countries), but unsurprisingly I was told that they could not offer these facilities.I think that the hotel is a rip-off, and is definitely inadequate for the needs of business travellers. I will never stay here again.  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>mrusk05
<Content>Totally fine hotel I stayed at the Hyatt Regency Century Plaza for a week this past February. The lobby and main areas are very clean and well kept. We initially had a room on a lower floor but requested, and were promptly moved, to an upper floor facing the pool. I would not recommend the street side, as this faces a somewhat noisy main road with a view of the office building across the street. The room itself was a decent size and well maintained. The bath products were above average. The shower was fine, nothing special or bad. The staff at this hotel was very nice and helpful.The pool and hot tub area was very nice, and there were always plenty of clean towels on hand. The reflecting pools were cool, especially if you are into tanning.The location of this hotel is well situated for getting around L.A. You would definitely need a car, but I think this would be true for anywhere in this city. There is a decent shopping mall with a good grocery store on the lower level two blocks away. This is a good place to buy water and things that are priced much much higher at the hotel convenience store (which seemed to be closed fairly often anyhow).All in all, a fine, but not extraordinary, place to stay.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>TJ-USA
<Content>Good Place to Stay Stayed at the Hyatt Century Plaza on a weekend. We booked through Priceline and got a good rate. Hotel was really nice and clean and relatively close to local amenities. You are on the edge of Beverly Hills and not more than 20-30 minutes to most Hollywood/LA attractions. Don't know that I would pay the regular rate for this hotel which is about $300+ per night. We paid about 1/2 the regular rate on Priceline so it was worth it for that money. The bed was comfortable with a balcony, flat panel TV and was well appointed with nice finishes in the bath. Beautiful lobby and from what I understand, celebs occasionally meet there for business. Unfortunately, it was a little cool outside so we did not have occasion to utilize the pool or outdoor amenities. Valet parking is a little pricey at $30 per day but is convenient. They bring the car in and out and you just get out at the front. We stayed there on a weeked. Century City is a little bit of a business district so on the weekends its kind of a ghost town. However, there is a large mall right next door for shopping, eating, etc, which is open on the weekends. When we left on Monday morning, there was quite a bit of activity as business resumed. All in all, a good experience and for a discounted rate, I would stay again.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>guyinca
<Content>Pamper With Paper We stayed there the weekend of March 21/22. They now have automated check-in at a kiosk, which I found quite impersonal and unwelcoming.Our room was fine, yet they use paper cups in the baths and no other glasses are available in the room. On our second day, the maid threw away our papercups and did not replace them. Maybe she was mad because we had to call at 5pm since our room had not yet been cleaned.The towels are not the kind you would expect with this level of a hotel. No thick, plush stuff here, just serviceable K-Mart towels.We wanted to use the pool on Saturday, but all seats were filled. There was no shade anyway, so it wouldn't have mattered.Saturday night we had to wait a good 20 minutes for the valet line as they seemed quite understaffed. Valet parking is now $31 a night and self-parking is so inconvenient as not to be a choice.It's still a nice hotel, the rooms well-furnished except for the cups and towels. We did see a bill left by someone who had just checked out...they paid more than $25 a night than we did, so all is not bad!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gooooogirl
<Content>Bed Bugs and a little Dirty We had a corner suite with a separate bedroom and wrap around balcony. The furnishings were well appointed and the bathroom was all marble, but the entire suite really needed a good cleaning and that doesn't include the housekeeper that just walked into the suite while I was undressing. I would have enjoyed this suite a little more if it hadn't been for the BED BUGS! Was really difficult to try and sleep. Also, you feel imprisoned on the property, it is difficult to just walk off the property the way it is situated and there is no self-park you must valet and that gets to be a little too much everytime you need to leave and have to wait for your car. I wish I could recommend this property, but I found it to be a real turn off!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>ar233
<Content>A little slice of Hollywood Stayed for three nights in March in a Concierge room, view at the front of the hotel with Hollywood in one direction and Beverly Hills greenery in the other.Unspectacular and very crowded pool (with ducks in the smaller pool!) which was perfectly adequate for a couple of hours of sunshine but would not have kept me entertained for a week. However they were hosting a huge wedding on the first day, and then closed the pool for a film crew on the second day. This didnt matter to us as we were going to Universal, and they did make arrangements for guests to use a nearby hotel. Actually we quite liked coming downstairs on our first morning and finding a film set! Concierge facilities were good, with complimentary breakfast, snacks, internet etc. Rooms were lovely - very comfortable beds, nice furnishings, LCD TVs. Location about 10 mins drive from Rodeo Drive, 20-25 mins from Chinese Theatre. Note that the sushi restaurant, Breeze, doesn't do sushi on a Sunday, which caught us out. However, when we complained (as the regular menu was far from satisfactory - food was over seasoned and tepid) they refunded our meal. This was appreciated! Also, the general manager was absolutely charming and very helpful.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>twsmithca
<Content>Not worth the money Valet Parking costs $30/day, Self Parking costs $20/day +long walk +stairs to the front deskCoffee maker and glasses are available only by request! All that is provided is tiny styrofoam.Rooms with double beds are tiny beds - not full or queen size  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	5	4	4	4	1	

<Author>Karch72
<Content>Nice hotel ... but you'll pay $$$ for it Overall, the hotel is very nice and has all the amenities of a 4-star hotel ... although the price per night the seemed a little high for what you got ... I guess you're paying for location. I stayed at the Century Plaza for a business trip, so I didn't pay out of my pocket or else I couldn't afford it.The hotel is located in a business section of Century City. There is a Westfield Mall right next door that offers a variety of eating options and shopping. I chose to eat there rather than hopping in a cab and venturing out somewhere.Pros: Comfy beds, modern decor, fairly large room, patios are nice, Starbucks onsite, huge flat screen TVs.Cons: No free exercise facility (need to pay $20 per day to use Equinox next door), very expensive onsite restaurants, no free Wi-Fi, noisy AC in room, a bit of a ride from LAX  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>danielleflorida
<Content>Nice Hotel For Business Stayed here for business - attended a conference held at the hotel. The ballroom/converntion area of the hotel is pretty big and they seemed to service it well. Hotel was overbooked so I got upgraded to a suite on the top floor - level called Penthouse.Great, great views of the city and mountains in the distance. Room was nice but nothing extraordinary. Very roomy, alot of open space in the suite area and bedroom. I used the online concierge service to make special requests and received a confirmation letter of those requests being fulfilled when I checked in.Nice, large pool area - was closed off the day I was there for a private photshoot/commercial. Lobby is large and open with a starbucks, 2 bar areas and a restaurant. Had dinner in restaurant - food and service were good - but menu is limited. (have sushi bar too) Really nice outdoor area with firepit for drinks adjacent to pool - good for evening cocktails/appetizers.Overall, was fine for the purpose of a business trip but not sure if its an ideal location for a vacation with family/firends.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>WebBrown
<Content>Good hotel This hotel is a nice 4 star property. The lobby area has the wow factor with a very cool, contemporary look. The room are all a decent size with lots and lots of granite in the bathroom. The room are clean and have all of the amenitiers you would expect from a four star hotel. All of the rooms have balconies which is a nice touch. I did not eat in the restaurant or frequent the bar because of the prices. In one word . . .REDICULOUS. Other than that I would recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>leclaire68
<Content>Very Nice Mid-Century Styled Hotel The Century Plaza Hotel in the Century City area of L.A. is a landmark hotel that has been home to some of Hollywood's glitz and glamour for decades. The hotel's sweeping arc design has set it apart from other hotels in the area and made it an easily recognizable icon for some time. This hotel has been the choice of presidents, stars, and general business travelers and tourists alike for quite some time. So booking at this property, one should understand that it was designed and built in the 60s. Rooms are of a typical size from that era ... not very big. The bathrooms, too, are on the smallish side when compared to today's hotels. It kind of irks me when I read reviews where people moan and groan about this ... as if this was a hotel that had been built to today's standards. In all, I found my room to be superb. It wasn't huge, but it did have a lounge chair, a desk/table with two chairs, and a king size bed. The bathroom is compact, but nicely updated and clean. The room's patio was carpeted with all-weather carpeting and had two patio chairs with seat cushions. A widescreen LCD TV was provided, as was an iPod docking station.The room's decor was quite nice. It hearkened back to the mid-century roots of this hotel without being kitschy or over-done. The room appeared to be well maintained and clean ... and my standards for cleanliness are high. The staff at the hotel are well-trained in taking care of their guests. Valets were prompt and courteous (and they didn't change my radio station or move my driver's seat, thankfully). The housekeeping staff was pleasant and efficient. The front desk staff were always friendly and professional ... making good eye contact and resolving issues.The issues we had were minor. We put some items of our own into the room's mini-bar fridge ... and then saw a placard stating that if you do so, your folio will be automatically charged for the items removed. I'm not quite sure how this high-tech fridge does that ... but it does ... and the charges did show up right away. We reported that to the front desk staff on our way to dinner that night and it was taken care of promptly and even with an apology (even though it was our mistake). I was disappointed that the room didn't have a DVD player, but I phoned the hotel's concierge service and asked if one could be provided. Absolutely! We'll have it brought up right away. And it was ... within 5 minutes ... all hooked up and ready to use for our entire stay. That's service. You will read in other reviews about the location. Some will like it, others will say it isn't in the heart of anything. We enjoyed it and found the shopping and dining nearby to be just fine. There are a couple great choices in Century City ... this hotel definitely being one of them. Enjoy your trip!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jodie102
<Content>Wouldn't hesitate in staying here again We stayed here for 10 days late August /early September for our honeymoon. Researched the area for quite a while before booking it and im really glad that we chose this hotel. The room was fantastic, we had a view over the pool, the bed was comfy and the cleaners did a fantastic job. I loved the fact that there is a shopping center across the road which was great on a lunch time. It had Macys, bloomindales, victoria secrets and tiffanys to name a few. There is also a supermarket there which was ideal for buying magazines, water and snacks to have by the hotel pool. The pool area was nice and clean, although at the weekend they could have done with a few more sun chairs, on a week day there would only been a few people by the pool. I used the room phone once to call my mum and dad and tell them we had arrived ok and when we checked out i think they had charged us about thirty pounds for the pleaseure!! Thats the only gripe i have to be honest  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ruchelaya
<Content>OK - Just Don't Eat in the Restaurant We stayed there for 2 nights, and had 3 rooms for the 6 in our family. Here's the rundown:The good:1. We're from Illinois and the Fighting Illini were staying there for the Rose Bowl. You can't beat that when you're travelling with teen boys!2. The hotel has been redone, and it's really beautiful. The lobby, the grounds (were about to be finished when we were there), the rooms.3. Beds are great.4. Location is great if you want to be near Century City, or if you're driving all the time anyhow.5. I forgot to pack a pair of pants the day we left, and they were terrific about finding them and holding them until we returned later that day. This should be a matter of course for all hotels, but still their professionalism should be mentioned.6. The front desk help was generally very good.7. Free wi fi in the lobby.The bad:1. We foolishly had breakfast at the hotel, because we had a food and beverage credit as part of our rate. Service was beyond bad, and when we checked out about 1 hour later, they still hadn't charged the bill to our room. That took another hour of waiting, which made no sense at all.2. One of the rooms was boiling hot (it faced the setting sun, and when we checked in the drapes were open). Another room was freezing. Eventually this got straightened out, but it's not pleasant to check into a room that's unbearably warm.3. Location is lousy if you like to walk (other than to the mall or office buildings at Century City).4. No free wifi in the rooms.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>3	5	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Carla123
<Content>Nice location, ok hotel The Hyatt Regency I would say is a 3.5 star hotel which is getting a little tired and this has also been recognised by Management as it is currently being revamped.The location:The hotel is located on Avenue of the Stars within 10 minute drive of Beverly Hills, West Hollywood and Santa Monica. It is also across the road from the Century Plaza mall owned by Westfield which had nice restaurants, foodcourt (upmarket), cinema, boutiques and department stores.The room:The rooms were old and tired, No coffee and tea making facilities were available. The ammenties were extremely limited and the bath was very low and old. The beds however were comfortable and the rooms were quiet. Good selection of TV channels.The food:The room service menu was very basic however the Starbucks in the hotel was a plus.Overall I would try somewhere else next time, not a bad experience I just think better can be found for the price.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	4	3	2	3	

<Author>Lainey33
<Content>I expected better service... ...but didn't get it. We were with an extremely large group of travelers so perhaps the staff was overwhelmed? My biggest complaints: - It took several calls and many hours to get the refrigerator we had requested in advance (it came at 1 am). - Housekeeping really shorted us on towels and toiletries and ignored our repeated requests to change the sheets. - Two different concierges were very condescending to me - Even though I did my Internet research and knew what I was talking about. - The valet service, which is really slow BTW, was at times so rude to us! Perhaps because our rental was a Ford minivan and not a BMW or Lexus. The noise from the construction site did not really bother me, but I certainly understand how it would disturb others and it did intrude on my peaceful lanai reading time. It looks like that building will be going up for a long while, FYI.Other than these problems, the rooms were very comfortable and the hotel decor is great. The location is fabulous, given the close proximity to Beverly Hills and the freeways. Also it's across the street from the fabulous Century City Westfield Mall, which has a really nice food court and great shops. Overall I enjoyed our stay, I just wish we had been treated a little better.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	4	5	2	-1	

<Author>SKYtrip
<Content>Good hotel/location but needs some improvement This hotel is now a Hyatt Regency although it's unlike most impeccable Hyatts. The hotel location is great as it is minutes from Beverly Hills and across the street from the Century City Shopping Center. The rooms have LCD TVs , the bed is comfortable and for the most part clean (sheets need to replaced, some are worn out). I had a room facing the back of the hotel with a view of the (very, very distant) ocean. I didn't rate this a 4 Star because the front desk staff is not very knowledgeable (didn't even know how to print out a folio!) and when you ask them for anything they just didn't know or had to always ask someone else for the answer. The Club room's continental breakfast is a joke (muffins and juice) so I wouldn't pay extra to include that in the stay and the staff is not very good about replinishing the food/drinks/plates/napkins. Often times I would go in the room to find only muffin crumbs and no plates. The bellmen and valet staff however were very efficient and consistent in providing good service. I think if they train the front staff and revamped the Club room the hotel would get higher marks.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	3	4	

<Author>ChiTown2
<Content>Great Overnight in LA We stayed in LA at the beginning of our trans-California roadtrip, arriving on Christmas Day. Front desk staff was friendly and courteous even though the hotel was clearly quite crowded. We were given a very stylish room with seemingly new furniture bedding. The concierge was efficient and knowledgable. Self parking at US$20 or valet at US$30 was expensive, but seems to be the norm for the LA area.Hotel breakfast in the morning (incl. free with the AAA rate) was delicious, and again the staff was very friendly.Highly recommended and surprisingly reasonable room rates.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Gyldenhorst
<Content>Excellent service but big problem with outside noise This would have been a terrible rating if not for the wonderful service. I travel frequently for businesses and typically stay in 4-star hotels. I am very reluctant to complain and have never asked to change rooms or anything like that before. I read the first 50 or so reviews here and didn't see many complaints about noise. My guess is that because we booked last minute and negotiated a lower rate ($199), we were not eligible for a quiet room, or perhaps all the quiet rooms were already taken. If you stay here, make sure that you get a room on a very high floor (PH at least) and that you are not over the bar, the front drive, or the construction site. (Oh, and there is construction on the 19th floor so avoid that as well). And bring earplugs! Our cautionary tale: We were given an 8th floor room over the hotel bar's outside area, and on our first night were subject to loud music and rowdy patrons well into the wee hours (this was on a Wednesday night). The manager was extremely sympathetic and moved us to a room on the other side of the hotel, on the 14th floor, after personally inspecting the room himself. He also gave us a 50% discount on the room for the night. This room seemed quieter during the day. When we got back to the hotel around 9pm, we could hear a raucous party with a band in the tent out front. Luckily that ended at 10pm. But when we tried to go to sleep that night, we realized that we were directly above the front driveway and busy intersection -- valets blowing piercing taxi whistles, cars honking, etc. There is also a construction site across the street that is very noisy. Luckily we had brought earplugs or we would not have been able to sleep at all!Otherwise this was a nice hotel with remarkably friendly, helpful and professional staff. I didn't mind the cost of valet parking -- very convenient and fast, well worth it. They even cleaned all the bugs off our windshield (we drove down from SF), a very nice touch :)  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>3	2	1	3	3	4	5	2	

<Author>Consultantgal
<Content>Excellent Service The staff at the Century City Hyatt make this a delightful place to stay. The service is highly professional and very attentive to detail. Every single interaction was delightful. The rooms are also large, very clean and well appointed. I very much enjoyed sitting on the balcony and watching the sunset in the evenings. I was at the hotel for a conference and the meals at the conference were defintely well above average. The only thing I could really find any fault with was that the price was high (over $300 / night), however this is Los Angeles and this is a prime location. Great hotel, great staff, great location and the price tage to go with it.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>juninho_d
<Content>A constant in a world of change I have been staying at this hotel on and off for many years now and one of the most amazing things about it is the number of long-term staff here who seem able to effortlessly remember you year after year and make your stay more than a transaction.. Really, this is amazing, as they must see thousands upon thopusands of people week in, week out.. It really is a relationship based atmosphere there and it really is a constant in a world of change.. The staff have seen a number of chains run the place and remain through thisck and thin.. Sure there are minor niggles now and again.. aren't there with all hotels.. and things can go wrong from time to time.. But I have always had a proper response to issues.. Certainly, if you're planning on staying here in the foreseeable future, make sure you have a room at the northern end of the property to be away from the construction site that now occupies the site of the former (doomed?) St Regis Hotel.. It can start up early.. Call in advance..  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gazooby
<Content>Ouch -- My conscience hurts I stayed here for a conference, meaning I didn't pay for it (that kind of money belongs in my kids' college account, not a hotel chain). Staff are delightful, from room service to housekeeping to front desk. Really great room: large, super comfortable bed, small but okay bathroom. THANK YOU for covering the unhygenic bedspread with a freshly laundered duvet cover. I wish every 4-star hotel was doing this by now (just stayed at Omni-CNN Atlanta, and they still don't). I appreciated the makeup mirror, but found the hotel toiletries to be too strongly scented for my taste (some of us have fragrance allergies, hello people!). Cute balcony overlooking the bank building across the street, but after five minutes the Santa Anna winds sent me inside with an allergy attack, so not much use to anybody.The real kicker (and my kids really laughed at me later) was that I was starving on arrival and couldn't find a restaurant in my price range in the hotel (there is a mall nearby, I just didn't know about it yet). So I ordered a $19 room service pizza which came with another $10 of taxes, service fees, and other charges. So I ate a $30 pizza. Will never hear the end of it from my kids. And will probably never stay here again, but it was nice while it lasted.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	4	4	2	

<Author>kateoz
<Content>Excellent hotel I stayed here for business and was very happy with the quality of the hotel.Check in was easy and the staff very welcoming. There is a Starbucks in the lobby of the hotel which was great to pick up a coffee for the walk to the office in the morning.The rooms aren't large but the furnishings very modern and comfortable.I was supposed to stay 2 nights but my meetings were cancelled and therefore only stayed 1. There was no problem at all checking out early, and I was not charged a cancellation fee or the second night's rate, despite giving the hotel less than 24 hours notice, as their policy states. I was very impressed that the hotel did not try to 'double dip'.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Scottas66
<Content>Hyatt Century Plaza top-notch Century Plaza was wonderful. I arrived late and asked to have a colleague able to check into my room for me. WhenI spoke to the front desk to follow up, as soon as I gave my name, without looking at my record, the front desk agent said Oh, your colleague has just checked in. That is some good service. Throughout my short stay, the front desk offered amazing service. However, the hotel restaurant falls short of expectation. The food alternated between high quality and mediocre, but the service was slow and the staff seemed confused.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>DCflyboy
<Content>Century Plaza is all Tens This is the second time I have stayed at the Century Plaza Hotel -- it used to be a Westin and now is a Hyatt Regency. The experience is a simple all 10's. It is located walking distance from an incredible outdoor mall with great restaurants and shops. The rooms have an excellent view -- the staff are very attentive. The room is well appointed -- simple and clean. There is a buzz and feeling of Southern California energy about this hotel -- people moving through the lobby -- a lobby bar that always has people at it meeting or enjoying. It is a class act and highly recommended.Centrally located not far from a large number of Los Angeles and Hollywood locations, it is very convenient. Can't say enough good things. Stay here if you have the chance.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>Kamtini
<Content>Still one of my favorites Having stayed at the Hyatt Regency Century Plaza when it was a Westin, I was looking forward to returning again for business this month. It did not disappoint - although there is some wear and tear to the property, it continues to be an excellent choice for the area. It is very conveniently located and the staff is very professional. It is also wonderful to have a Starbucks on the property. I do agree with other reviewers that the bathroom is on the dark side (which you'd think they would notice in LA of all places) - it made getting ready for our full schedule of dinners and meetings a bit difficult. I would definitely stay at the Hyatt again but recommend that, due to the intense hotel competition in the area, that hotel management fund some upgrade to what is a great property.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mamababoo
<Content>Good Hotel I had a nice stay. Service was very good. Rooms very clean and well appointed. Some signs of age here and there, but nothing shabby. Very nice outdoor area.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>OCnative14
<Content>Not a friendly place Stayed for 2 days during a conference. My room was at the south end of the hall. Drawbacks to this location: early morning noise from construction next door, and late night noise from loudspeaker in the fully automated parking garage (remember to take your parking ticket with you... over and over and over again). Hotel parking is $30 a day with in/out privileges; in the off-property structure behind the hotel is $20 a day with no in/out. It is a hike (including an incline and 2 flights of stairs) from the off-property structure.The hotel architecture is is straight out of the 1960s, so think austere, glass, featureless. On a hot day all that glass makes the entire western exposure of the hotel a furnace. Keep the black-out drapes drawn during the day because no amount of A/C at night will cool down the room again after getting all that sun all day long.Do they skimp on housekeeping staff? On day 2 the room was still not made up at 1:30 p.m. By 7 p.m. the glasses that lined the hallway in the morning were still there, along with trash left behind by the housekeeper in the morning.The room was very nice, the bed was a dream, the towels were very soft and plump. Nice toiletries (though I generally use my own because I prefer fragrance-free). I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHY HOTELS DON'T PROVIDE SHOWER CAPS ANYMORE!!!! This item can't cost more than a couple of cents, but no matter how much I pay for a hotel anymore I can never get one. You have to plead with housekeeping to send them. It has to cost them more in labor to walk them upstairs than they save by leaving them out of the room. And it makes them look soooo cheap!New, flat screen digital TVs, but no sleep timer on the remote. New-fangled clock radios that let you dock your gadgets (if you've got 'em, which I don't). But no way to re-set the time to the correct time, and no way to adjust the blindingly bright display in a room that should be dark.The shockingly poor condition of the furnishings in the ballroom area is something to remark on. Filthy, stained, worn upholstery on the chairs and sofas in the lounge area. Stuffing coming out of the pillows. Dark, ugly stains on the chair cushions in the poolside cabanas. I guess, given the choice, I'd rather the sleeping rooms be better maintained, okay, but the overall impression the hotel makes is seriously eroded by the condition of the public areas.For the size of the hotel, the public areas leave a lot to be desired. There is only one smallish restaurant. The most reasonable item on the lunch menu was an $18 turkey burger -- excellent sandwich, but astronomical price and poor service (had to eat hunched over a coffee table in the lobby/lounge, had to ask twice for napkin and silverware, long wait for check to be closed out). Starbucks and shoebox-sized gift shop offering soft drinks and candy bars were the only other options. Room service menu very limited and extremely pricy. I don't know who their customer is, but I'd have to say it's a business clientele. Definitely not the right vibe for vacationers or pleasure trippers. No charm. No warmth. Expensive.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kitty_Chicago_7
<Content>Nice but lots of kinks Room nicely appointed. However, major problems with internet service completely messed up my ability to work. They compled me for service after I complained, but it didn't matter, internet service is expected at a business-focued property like this.Room service menu way too limited.Bathroom was dark, needs more light.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Riverfrog
<Content>There are better hotels in LA I stayed at the Hyatt in Century City in late July for my Bar exam. The hotel was quiet and the room was very nicely furnished. I did have a few complaints though: I found the toiletries to be subpar, there is no in-room coffeemaker (but feel free to spend money at the Starbucks downstairs!), and guests aren't allowed to put anything in the mini-bar fridge. I've never heard of such a thing!Parking is expensive (either $20 or $30 a night) which is to be expected in LA, but it's quite a hike to the hotel from the lot!Hotel is also walking distance from Century City mall, which has a great Bloomingdale's. Overall, the hotel was ok. If you're visiting LA, there's not much in Century City except for the mall. You'd probably have a better time staying in Beverly Hills.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>st3v3l
<Content>Excellent except for the construction work going on. Stayed at the Century Plaza for 3 nights. Got a room on the PH (Penthouse) level at the rear of the building with good views. Was a little surprised to get a good room so easily, as we got it cheap on Travelocity, we just assumed they were quiet. Found reason next morning when the building site came alive around 6am. No mention of it when booking or from the hotel reception when checking in. We didn't complain (although we did mention it at checkout) as we were due to be up early the next 2 mornings anyway, but it would have been nice to know. The location of the hotel is fairy good considering you are basically in a financial are with a few office towers. The Westfield shopping centre, which was across the street, was ideal to grab some food and had a Macys and a Bloomingdales amongst others. It was a 15-20 minute walk to Rodeo Drive and the area seemed safe enough. Also, a bus form the Big Blue Bus Company leaves from around the corner to go to Santa Monica. It takes about 30-40 mins dependant on traffic but only cost 75c per person one way, an absolute bargain! You can get the details and location of the bus stop from the concierge who we found most helpful as we had no car and needed to know where we could get to easily on foot or with public transport. Overall an enjoyable stay, but if I was going back to LA, I would probably stay somewhere else just to compare the location.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>appyrider
<Content>not family friendly very pricey hotel-not worth the money-if you have kids, look elsewhere-NOT a family hotel-hotel restaurant had very poor, expensive food-room refrigerators came pre-stocked with very expensive snacks-no room in them to put your own drinks or water-had to repeatedly ask for more towels (two of each for three people)-parking also expensive-be prepared to keep lots of extra cash for tipping valets  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	2	2	

<Author>TGS67
<Content>Expensive and nice We stayed in a Century Suite and it was really comfortable, quite and spacious. Be careful with the minibar in the room, because you have to pay for items at the moment you move them. But in spite of that I would come back to the same room and I recommend it.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>hartss
<Content>Beautiful renovation Spent three nights here in late August with my 10-year old son. We had a terrific time. The property was renovated with an eye for detail. The room was great, with dark wood modern furniture, a large LCD TV, terrific beds and a stylish bathroom. The bathroom lights weren't functioning properly, and they promptly sent a very courteous repairman to fix the problem. Even the hallways and elevator lobbies on each floor are very stylish. I was told that the pool area is to be renovated soon, and I was kind of surprised because it is very nice as is. Looking forward to seeing what they do with it.We booked the AAA rate and to our pleasant surprise we were given vouchers for free breakfast for both of us for all three days of our stay, The restaurant, Breezes, serves terrific breakfasts, although I would certainly not spend $55 for breakfast for two if it were coming out of my own pocket, The hotel location is terrific. We went to eat at the Century Plaza mall several times, and the standouts were Houstons and French 75, both of which had terrific food and treated my son with respect. The food court on the top level has some nice lunch options, as well. We went to see the Harry Potter movie at the new AMC movie theater in the mall, which has comfortable stadium seating.My only real issue with the hotel is the $31 valet parking charge, which I feel is excessive. All the nice hotels in Southern California are doing this now, and I think it is outrageous. Aside from that, loved this place and I will be back.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelerDallasTX
<Content>Very cool hotel Great hotel. The best pool area/hot tub in the los angeles area. The hoel itself is HUGE but very quiet.If you're lucky enough to be on the backside of the hotel, you'll have nice views of the mountains/westwood area/pool area.The room service was presented very well and came promptly when ordered. The beds were firm but comfortable and the individual a/c worked perfect.Parking was not the easiest if you were doing it yourself, because it was about 100 yards from the hotel. Parking ran about $20 a day. Valet parking was considerably more.You are also a short walk from the Westfield shopping center which has plenty of restaurants for a quick bite to eat. If you are looking to be in the middle of Hollywood this hotel is not. It's very close to Rodeo and Beverly Hills.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WeAlwaysBringBella
<Content>We loved them - they loved our dog! My husband and I stayed at this hotel unplanned as we were grossed out at Le Parc and checked out immediately. We made our reservation same day in the valet line using the hotel's free wi-fi. We found everyone to be extremely nice and very accomodating. The room was spotless, the balcony was equipped with a small table and chairs. The hotel staff loved our dog and were always welcoming to her. We booked our stay on Yahoo and received a $30 food credit. Here is a hint, to avoid the room service charge order your meal to go from the restaurant. They have great Sushi! The location is great for walking to Rodeo and the Westfield mall is right next door and with a Gelsen's market to die for. We enjoyed every minute of our stay outside. There is a $9 parking lot across the street if you don't want to pay for the $20 hotel parking. The bonus is a farmers market across from the hotel on Thursday with fresh produce and prepared foods. I would stay here again and again.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>lrishblueyes
<Content>Amazing Fabulous hotel. Close to great shops  restaurants. We didn't sample any of the nightlife locally, but it was just a short cab ride to Sunset Strip. Easy access to public transport.... Santa Monica one way  Hollywood the other for under $2. Staff were helpful, rooms were immaculate, and luxurious  we had a huge balcony we could sit out on. Pool area was nice, although we didn't use it. It was always lively. Huge shopping mall literally on the doorstep was a plus!A very up-market hotel we booked through Priceline  got a great deal on! Impressive to say the least!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>2Kids4Dogs
<Content>Beautiful decor We stayed at this Hyatt for two nights earlier this month while on an all-girls trip to The American Girl Store. Driving from Disneyland, we called the hotel to find out how long it would take us to get there. We were told, two and a half hours! We were incredulous, and sure enough, it took us less than an hour to arrive. When we checked in, we asked how long it would take for us to get to The American Girl Store in The Grove. Now, it's only about 4 miles away, but we were told, forty-five minutes!! Maybe they gauge these travel times based on peak travel with multiple car accidents along the way, but their estimates were so far off from reality they weren't helpful at all.We were taken aback by the valet parking charge of $31 per day. We were told about alternate parking but it would be about $20 with no in and out priveleges. Both a parking valet and front desk clerk told us it would cost us $20 each and every time we parked and left. Because we arrived late and just wanted to get some sleep, we parked at the hotel and didn't check out the veracity of their information regarding the other parking lot. As another review mentioned, the front parking area is quite congested. Be sure to call ahead to have your car brought around if you use their parking.Everything about the hotel is beautiful from the lobby to the hallways to the rooms themselves. The beds were comfortable, room decor was lovely. I would probably stay there again but cringe at the thought of the parking charge.We used the pool one evening but it closes at 10. I think that's a bit early, considering that loud voices were coming from the outdoor bar area well past midnight. Since our visit centered around visiting The Grove and American Girl Store, the hotel's location was perfect. It took us about 20 minutes to get where we were going each morning.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Zebra11
<Content>Great Place To Stay Fantastic Hotel! I can鈥檛 say enough about how much we enjoyed our stay at this hotel. The rooms were clean and up to date. We loved the view and the 42鈥?HDTV. The staff was very friendly and extremely helpful. The location is great. You are close to so many things in LA. We spent 4 days in LA on a family vacation and were centrally located to any attraction that we wished to visit. Fortunately, this eliminated a great deal of traffic concerns. The hotel made sure that our room was located on a non-business floor as to not distract the many business travelers. This hotel delivers everything that you expect for what you pay.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Frequenttraveler98
<Content>Nothing special with this hotel. The hotel is fine for business travel, but certainly nothing special. There were constantly lines for the front desk, I was on hold interminably when I called to report a problem with my television and the housekeeping was a bit spotty (some days great, others not so great).They didn't have the king room I'd reserved available on my arrival, but did offer to move me the next day.There is construction going on next door which begins quite early in the morning.The Equinox gym is wonderful, but the $20/day charge is a bit steep.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	2	2	2	2	2	

<Author>crtwrnr
<Content>Fees, charges, and you guessed it! More fees! Now don't get me wrong. The hotel is quite lovely to look at. The rooms are clean and well furnished, and the lobby is something to be seen.But travellers beware! This hotel will charge you for anything it can come up with a reason for.Our $34 room service became $55 with their required gratuity and convenience feeOur parking for one night was $30. Yikes!And lets not forget about the hefty occupancy fee we were suprised to get on top of the price of the room. I still don't understand that one. So if we got the room, but didn't stay there, would they waive the occupancy fee?To top things off, it was our wedding night, and they knew it (you can note it when you reserve a room). No congrats when we checked in, no nothin'!In my opinion, this Hyatt's slogan should be The Regency Century Hyatt...you're lucky we even let you stay here  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>scmk3000
<Content>Fantastic hotel! I have used this site for a while and thought I should contribute at least by giving my review on my hotel stay. I hope this will help people choosing their hotels in LA.I visited LA, SF and NY from 7/12 to 7/24 and stayed in 5 hotels along the way. Hyatt Regency Century Plaza is by far the BEST hotel of the whole trip.Stayed there between 7/12-16. Picked up the hire car at the airport and drove to the hotel directly (OMG the traffic!). Got there at about 6pm and the valet parking was a bit chaotic. Very limited space in front of the hotel. The lobby was very grand as you could expect from a Hyatt. Went to the receiption and told them my details and showed them my newly registered Gold pass - was told that since we used an 'Online agent', no points would be earned, except incidentals. Nevermind, worth a try. The guy (Alessandro or something) was very polite nevertheless. Parking was about $30 I think with in/out. Asked for a high floor room and got assigned a room on the 26th floor. Tipped the guy ($20) as he was very helpful.Thought we would be given the smallest room but to my surprise it was a very big king delux (could easily fit another bed in). It faced the Ave of the Stars and directly opposite the 2000 office building across the road. You could see a bit of distanced houses and even a bit of the sunset. Although it's right on the main road, you couldn't hear much at all once doors to the balcony are shut. The balcony itself was carpeted and with two chairs and still space to move around. The bathroom was huge as well and plenty of toileteries. Shower wasn't powerful though and there wasn't any space you can put the toileteries (no ledges no racks - a bit inconvenient).Since we hadn't eaten since the morning, we hurrily went over to Century Plaza's well recommended food court. OMG I was stuck! So many choices!! Settled with sushi after 20 mins of checking out the counters and ate it outside - beware of the pigeons, their hungry eyes were quite disturbing.Went down to Gelson's to get some fruits and water etc. Nice store but I would recommend the few stores close to (one open 24 hours I think) on Sonta Monica Blvd, close to San Vicente intersection. Much cheaper. Century Plaza had all the famous brands though.Went back to the hotel and checked out the pool and the gym. Pools (one main and a coupe of splash pools for kids) were outdoors and were OK. I am not sure if it was a temp arrangement but the gym was next door (Equinox) and needed to pay to use it. Apparently it's very popular among the celebs and there was a long waiting list for memberships.Express our discontent that we had to pay to use one basic hotel facility. That Alex guy mentioned above whispered to the person we were talking to and immediately he offered some breakfast coupons to shut us up. The magic of tipping!So got to enjoy breakfast every morning and Marie in the Breeze restaurant who served us a few mornings was very attentative and we tipped her every morning too. Food was OK, we chose buffet breakfast as it's easier. Fruits were good with few choices of cereals. Cooked section could be better as choices were limited. It was OK though. Also newspaper daily by the time we got out of the room - probably one of the Goldpass benefits..All in all, enjoyed my stay very very much. Highly recommended. I think it's more a 5-star hotel than a 4-star in my opinion. I would definately stay there again given the chance.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>writer_lady
<Content>Great for Biz  The recently renovated rooms are mod, plush, and gorgeous! Rooms, bathrooms, TV, furniture in the rooms are all top notch. You'll get the LA experience here. Great pool, nice grounds, good restaurants. The new X Bar was really cool - great outdoor lounge with firepits for the cool nights. The location was excellent. Safe, albiet not in a happening spot, but you're close to everything - Rodeo drive, Universal, PCH, Melrose.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>soccermommy
<Content>great location and luxurious hotel I booked this hotel through Priceline, looking for a safe and convenient base for our first trip to LA (mom and 2 teenage girls). This turned out to be excellent in almost every way.The location is perfect. It is very close to the 405 - a major artery in LA. It's around the corner from Santa Monica Blvd, and close to Beverly Hills and Hollywood sites.The staff are friendly and helpful. The concierge gave us easy directions for each day, and great suggestions.The public spaces and the room itself are all clean, updated, and lovely. We had a room overlooking the pool, with cool views at night. The beds were really comfortable and we slept late each morning. It really is a beautiful hotel.As others have stated, the only drawback is the ridiculous valet parking charges. Although the valet staff are kind and efficient, $31.00 per day is a lot to tack on to an already expensive 4* hotel. And you really have no other choice. There is a mall next door, and I saw a parking garage on the next block, but both are inconvenient and also expensive. I found parking in LA to be exorbitant everywhere we went. It's the first time in my life I have paid to park at a mall! Hyatt is certainly making enough money- a more reasonable parking system is not too much to ask.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>M90_AMT
<Content>loved this hotel loved this classy hotel. lovely lobby, beautiful rooms, pleasant staff. Didn't eat here but located short stroll from upmarket outdoor mall with nice restaurants/cafe. Valet parking good service but pricey. When returned to UK appeared to have been charged the wrong amount to our credit card - tried to sort out by email but are insisting we write to them if we want a copy of our account -not hugely convenient when you live on the other side of the world. hope to get this sorted out as appear to have been significantly overcharged and if we can't sort it would not stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wicked94
<Content>The Hyatt is first rate. I got a room through priceline. The hotel is beautiful. Everyone from the manager, to the valet, to the other hotel guests were very friendly and nice. I had my 15 mo son and they had a microwave and refrigerator delivered to my room so I could store and prepare his food! Everyone is very attentive to the guests needs. We sat on our lanai every morning to watch the cars and people go by. Parking is pricey but all the other luxury hotels that I've come across are charging the same rates, so I don't think it's something you can get away from. Unless you stay at a lower end hotel. Self parking is more trouble than it's worth so just opt for the valet service. The Century City Mall next door had a grocery store at the bottom level which was awesome for necesities that were needed quickly. Overall I enjoyed my stay and would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Margaritaville11
<Content>Valet parking Aaahh! Recently stayed for 2 nights in July , very convenient location, next to the Century City Mall. Close to Beverly Hills. Very nice luxurious rooms, comfy beds, good views with open balcony. Lovely pool area suitable for all ages. Starbucks onsite. My only complaint was the mandatory valet parking which I found very expensive at $31 per day plus tips . There is a parking station around the back of hotel that charges $20 per day it is quite a walk , and for safety I wouldn't like to do it late at night. I parked at the mall during the day it is free for the 1st 3 hours at least this saved paying for tips . The staff were quite aloof , their attitude was similar to the New York hotels we have encountered. At the mall there is a very good supermarket Gleeson's with a deli and coffee shop.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Renoir184
<Content>An excellent stay at the Century Plaza We have recently returned (and reluctantly returned I might add) from an excellent stay at the Hyatt Regency Century Plaza. We were in L.A. on business, and the hotel, with its central location, provided us with an outstanding home base for our stay. The room (Room 726) had a west-facing view over the pool area and was very large, extremely clean, very modern and very inviting. The large balcony overlooking the pool was fabulous! The flat screen television was a very nice touch in the room. Cleaning staff were very polite and accommodating, and the front desk staff, concierge and valet staff were extremely polite, very helpful and most pleasant. The Starbucks in the Main Lobby was a welcomed addition on those early mornings also!Two negatives:1. The $31.00/day parking fee is absolutely excessive. Only valet service is available at the hotel directly, so the inconvenience of having to have one's car brought up each time you want to leave for the day is a bit of a pain! Given the room rates in the hotel, the parking fee is, in my opinion, unreasonable.2. Unless you have a laptop with you, there is no computer Internet access available anywhere in the hotel except in the Business Centre. I needed to access my home email a couple of times for very short periods of time, and I was unable to do so from anywhere in the hotel except the Business Centre in the lower level. This was very inconvenient.All in all, this is an OUTSTANDING hotel and I will certainly stay there again - - - I've found a new favourite place to stay in Los Angeles!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>malcovemagnesia
<Content>No need for a car at this one       The hallway... ever so slightly curved  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>ncdoll
<Content>Good Stay Booked this hotel through Priceline and got a fantastic rate.We were in town for my sons graduation from UCLA andwe couldn't have been more pleased. Nice size room withbalcony over looking the gorgeous grounds of this hoteland have the mall right next door was very handy. We walkedover our lst day and got a salad at the grocery store there andsat outside which was very pleasant. Overall a wonderfulstay in a very clean  convenient hotel.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>Oha
<Content>Good stay I got this hotel on priceline for about $105 a night, although I reserved through priceline, they gave me a great room on the 15th floor. The rooms are renovated and comfy, location is close to Beverly Hills and a big shopper mall nearby. Parking is insanely expensive! but still....It is well worth the $105 a night!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Parkerpeople
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We just spent five nights at this hotel in May 2007. Fabulous. It was extremely busy the whole time we were there but that didn't stop the staff going out of their way to make us welcome and remember us whenever they saw us in the lobby. Sean on the front desk, Lance and Lincoln were just the nicest people and went out of their way for us. Its very well located - right across the road from a large mall and fairly close to Santa Monica and Beverly Hills. Quite central to most things although this being LA you would need a car. After spending a month travelling through the US it was a lovely end to our time overseas and I would definetely stay there again.Note to people like me curious about the mini bar - if you lift something out of the fridge....you will be charged...be warned!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cpbino
<Content>Nice place to stay Stayed for three nights in June and was very pleased with the hotel. The rooms were not large but big enough for my daughter and myself. For the size room, the three phones might have been a bit overboard. Beds were very comfortable and the desk and swivel chair came in handy. The bathroom was larger than most.I agree with a previous review that the front of the hotel could get noisy from road traffic and new construction. We were on the 15th floor and I woke to the sounds of speeding motorcycles or cars a couple of times. Contruction work started early in the morning in the next block. It woke me but my daughter slept right through it. Waking early was not a problem, however, the balcony offerred a nice place to sit and read the paper each morning.This was my first visit to L.A. without renting a car. The $30.00 parking rate helped me decide to try cabs and public transportation. You are a long way from the subway and the busses are slow and packed. Other than that, the Westfield mall across the street was a nice place to visit and had every major store you might want. A taxi ride to the airport early Sunday morning was $40.00 with no traffic. I might have been taken on that one.There is a Gelson's grocery store in the mall garage. They have great sandwiches and salads. We picked something up there twice and took it to our room. The balcony offers a nice place to sit, eat, and enjoy the cool breezes. There are also plenty of restaurants in the mall with a variety of food. Overall, a nice place to stay and I would do it again. Would probably rent a car the next time and pay the parking.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ursoyou
<Content>Very nice Staff: Friendly and Helpful Cleanliness: AwesomeAmenities: great pools, family oriented, good restaraunts and great shopping across the street w/ movie theater. My only complaint was parking. They said parking garage, but don't state the price it's $20.00 a day and it's a little walk away - challenging if you have much stuff and small kids. Valet Parking at hotel is $30.00 a day and does not include tip.Location: close to all LA, Hollywood and Beverly Hills sites. Great area.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>HotTubJohnny
<Content>Very classy hotel Stayed at Hyatt Regency Century Plaza near Beverly Hills for one night recently. I was very pleased with the experience.Pros: Nice lobby, very sophisticated quiet hallways, widescreen LCD TV in room (with some hi-def channels, nice!), comfortable pillows and linens, Portico bathroom supplies, friendly staff and great valet service. Cons: breakfast in the restaurant was insanely priced ($13 for pancakes? c'mon!), noise from road fronting hotel. They are also beginning some big construction across from the hotel, so i expect the noise to get worse. Staying on the backside would be the way to go. Location: This could be good or bad depending on what you're looking for. Its within walking distance of a mall, which was great for shopping and quick eats at the food court. Also somewhat of a unique mall b/c its open to the outside. On the downside, its not near any party district type places. However, the hotel is right off santa monica, so it was easy to get to other areas like west hollywood and beverly hills. The parking was a bit steep as well: $20 self-park w/ no in-and-out, or $31 valet per night w/ in-and-out. The valet service was great but that is pricey. We didn't use the pool, but it looked pretty nice and was heated.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rocklin97
<Content>Great Hotel - Very Noisy Because of Weekend Parties My husband and I recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency Century City for the Memorial Day weekend. The room was great. The LCD TV, and the well stocked bathroom were a real plus. The staff was friendly and very helpful. We walked to Wilshire and Beverly Drive easily on Friday afternoon for a huge sandwich at our Favorite Deli Nate n' Al's. The location of the hotel could not be beat as it was a business district, and therefore quiet during the daytime hours.The one downside of the overall weekend was the amount of noise from the Meeting Hall area at the Lower Level of the hotel that occurred in the evenings. We were on the 10th floor so we probably did not have it as bad as most people, but the music from a two parties held on the Saturday and Sunday evening was excessive. Thankfully a 12 hour day at Disneyland made us so tired that we slept through much of the noise. The staff was very accommodating in letting us know when the parties would be over, and expressed their apologies. The room was a bargain as it was booked through an Expedia Package. However, one should always beware of such a cheap rate at a classy hotel such as this.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>interviewtraveler
<Content>Wonderful The hotel is decorated with a contemporary style. There are abstract paintings all over the hallways outside the rooms. The staff was very friendly and accomodating my group's needs, and the rooms were cozy and roomy. The pool area was beautiful and provided lots of sun.As for location, it was very convenient to be located right across from the outdoor Century City Mall. The hotel also just opened the cool X Bar, which was very nice. It's a decent walk or nice run into Beverly Hills, and there is convenient access to the 405 and 10 freeways. It's not right in the heart of the city, so you can relax and enjoy the beautiful surroundings.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Flakky
<Content>Breathtaking, the best I've been       Breathtaking balcony view - MGM Studios opposite  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SeaSunNFUN
<Content>Just Mind-Blowing We found a good rate online -- paid about just over $250 per night. We weren't expecting much of it as we paid a bit more for the intercontinental next door previously, and a lot lot more for Loews Santa Monica for two nights earlier, but we were pleasantly surprised, the queue at check-in was kinda long, but they were pretty efficient and we only waited about 5 minutes. The lobby is magnificient, lot of open space, polished, and quite big. Superb location -- a stone-throw away from the Century City mall, cabs are instantly available outside the hotel, and rodeo Drive is quite close by.The rooms are quite generously proportioned. Have a big Plasma TV. The pool view from the room is great.The bathrooms are very clean, well maintained, and had no problem at all....not very huge though but good enough.The beds were cozy, not too soft. However, there is no turn down service available.The Pool area is amazing, spacious, the main pool is surprisingly big, unlike the intercontinental next door.The service is great, and the concierge go out of their way to help you and find information/directions for you. And their drinks are reasonably priced and Mojitos are AMAZING...One of the best hotels I've ever experienced.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Southernvbgal
<Content>Awesome Hotel!!! Great Staff!!! We returned from the Hyatt Regency Century Plaza on Saturday but did so reluctanly. We had a really good experience with this hotel. We arrived on Sunday around 11:00 a.m. and was able to check in as soon as we arrived. My husband requested a room on the west side of the hotel because it had a wonderful view and lady at the desk was very willing to help with our request. When we got to the room there wasn't a coffee maker so he called and requested one be brought to the room within a matter of minutes we received the coffee maker, Guest Services even called to make sure that we had received it. The only problem was that the coffee filter from the previous users was still in there, but it really wasn't that big of a deal. We waited for a very limited time for our car any time that we requested it. The concierge was very helpful with tours and getting back to the airport. The whole staff was very nice and quite attentive to any of our request. The hotel recently went through a major renovation and the rooms are very nice. We will definitely be returning to the Hyatt Regency Century Plaza.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>shareR
<Content>Enjoyed our stay! We enjoyed our stay at the Century City Hyatt. We booked two adjoining rooms as we were traveling as a family with three kids. Clearly more of a business hotel than a family oriented hotel but for the most part no problems with kids. Read the listing by another member that they served free Starbucks coffee to Gold passport members. I am a Platinum Hyatt Gold passport member and a little disappointed I wasn't aware of that offer! We were pleased with the rooms - nice sized with a view of the pool. We liked the decks off of the rooms. Very good service and great location. The hotel is directly in the middle of the two places we wanted to go while there - Hollywood and Santa Monica. The one disappointment - We were rather offended when we were near the spa/fitness center on the pool side and decided to walk through to get to the mall across the street and were treated rudely by a spa employee. We could see the door to exit onto the street but she insisted we walk back through the spa, through the pool area, and through the hotel, then walk all around the block as no children were allowed in the spa. Our children were not loud toddlers - they are 7, 10, and 17! First of all, there was no sign on the spa/fitness door asking that children not enter. Secondly, the spa front desk is right next to the main entrance to the spa. Therefore I am convinced that by the time we had gotten to the desk the spa clients would not have been inconvenienced by us continuing through. When I said we were hotel guests at the Hyatt and trying to save some time crossing the street to the woman at the spa she said, We are not a part of the Hyatt. Yet the hotel lists it as their spa and the Hyatt door attendants also appear to work their door as well (same outfits, etc). I had planned to book a spa service during our stay but decided against it due to that one interaction.  Beyond the spa staff, we were pleased with the hotel and would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ah929
<Content>Wonderful Stay at Hyatt Just stayed at this great property. The hotel has gone through a $30 million renovation  looks updated, modern,  fresh. Beautiful public spaces to enjoy as well. Pool area was lovely,  spacious. Get a room facing the ocean  pool...lovely to see West Hollywood  the Santa Monica mountains as well. The rooms are large for a city hotel  with the terrace it feels even larger. The rooms are clean and very well decorated. The staff was incredibly nice. Very prompt service, and personalized as well. They always try to use your name, which makes this large chain hotel a little more personal. The concierge arranged our tours  restaurant reservations with a keen idea of our needs.......a family LA experience  made excellent recommendations for us. Especially enjoyed the tour they recommended from the hotel. Nice not to have to drive into Hollywood to get it  it's a small co. that offers a very knowledgable tour. Originally had hoped to stay in Santa Monica, but after this experience would definately return here again. The location was superb-centrally located to everything. Less driving as a result. Also nice outdoor mall across the street which had a nice food court. A great option when you just don't want to get in the car or eat at the hotel, although we did enjoy the restaurant here too. Going to LA with children, I would highly recommend this location  the hotel. It was fantastic!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FairwayFound
<Content>Older, but still a winner. This hotel is an older property. I last stayed here about ten years ago or more. It has a good feel to it. Service is pretty good. The bed was comfortable. The large flat screen tv in the room was a plus.Parking is expensive -- $31 a day valet, the pay lot was $20 a day.There was no coffee in the room. I could not get the Golf Channel which was a disappointment.The banquet facilities and meeting facilities were excellent. Of course, Century City is a great area in LA.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Tennis0720
<Content>One of the Best Hotels in the US Stayed there for a conference. Newly renovated, beautiful property. I stayed in a classic room and it even had a flat screen tv, a beautiful bathroom, and a balcony. the staff at the hotel is also amazing and willing to help. the conceirge was even able to get me tickets to see jay leno.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EEYORETIGGERR
<Content>Good quality 4* hotel The plaza is as you would expect a 4* US hotel. The bedrooms are large, with Balconies and the beds incredibly comfortable. The hotel has a nice bustling lobby area. The pool area is nice although the gym is currently in a temporary marquee as the new gym is being finished (it looks like it will be a high quality gym) Just across the road is an excellent shopping mall with a really good food court.The one thing I would say this hotel lacks is any evidence of its history, it is just like any other 4* hotel.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>JeanbbFrance
<Content>Very Kind Restaurant manager in Breeze from Ireland or Scotland We had an excellent time here at the new Century Plaza Hotel, which is now run by the Hyatt Company - what a change in Service, as we have come here every December from France for a week to do Shopping for Christmas in this area.We ate at Breeze each morning and got to know all the staff in Breeze, after a few days the managers got to know us -+I forget hi name + From Ireland, he had a lot of laughs each morning and it was a great highlight to our day.What a wonderful Hotel and StaffJean Blanc  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LeanaD
<Content>Nicely Renovated Hyatt near Century City/Beverly Hills       View from Entrance  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>ocGlobetraveler
<Content>A Pleasant LA Hyatt Experience               More photos  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>thiakopes
<Content>Good location, Rooms as new Stayed at this hotel for 1 night back on October 2 2006, at the end of our 3 month around the world trip.The hotel is going through a major renovation, and check in upgraded us to a newly renovated floor (12th) which was a nice gesture.Rooms were very nice, with LCD TV and lovely king size beds.Didnt eat at hotel, because generally find them all too pricey but there is a westfield accross the road with some nice restaraunts open at night.Hotel has a Hertz agency located in it, which was handy because we hired a car and drove around mailub, santa monica and beverley hills. The hotel is centrally located which is a major plus.Also not too far to LAX either.Hope this helps  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>travelinbunny
<Content>Nice introduction to LA but no pool I was staying here because of a conference. I was looking forward to this conference for quite some time and kept checking the hotel's website for more information. No where on the website was I told that the pool was going to be closed due to construction, or that the hotel would be renovating. The lobby construction wasn't that bad, but when it sounds like people are bowling on the floor above, that's when you begin to expect some type of forewarning. I'm used to staying in Best Western's and Quality Inn's, so I was really looking forward to staying in a nice hotel. The room was nice, but some basic ammenities found in lower class hotels were missing. For instance, no refrigerator or coffee maker and no hand soap in the bathroom. But, most importantly, when one is traveling to LA from Seattle in October, one expects a pool at the hotel. The closed pool was probably the biggest disappointment. The bowling alley sounds above were another strike against this hotel. You'd think if construction was happening they wouldn't put people on the same floor or directly underneath the construction, but they did. This hotel was definitely lacking in basic communication and customer service skills. The valets were nice and the conference facilities were good, too. The location is right next to an outdoor mall, which is nice, too.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	3	4	2	

<Author>Porpex
<Content>Cursed Behemoth I first stayed at the Century Plaza back in the late 1980's, when it was at its peak, and played host to luminaries like Ronald Reagan and others....in the early 90s, it started to slide. It was bought by the Westin chain, abandoned by them, and most recently appropriated by Hyatt. For the last fifteen years or so, it's been somewhat cursed; business has fallen, and the hotel has lost the glossy, sprawling sheen that it used to have...and now feels like a great, barren architectural husk, left by the side of the highway. Admittedly, it is--once again--in transition. Signboards in the lobby tout the glories to come in 2007--redesigned rooms, a new spa, sumptuous new restaurants! Right now, however, it's a disaster...the gift shop is having a fire-sale; cleaning carts stand idle and abandoned in the lobby; room service trays with congealed food line the hall. The staff is doing its utmost to look positive and offer brisk service in the midst of the gloomy malestrom around them, but they're fighting a losing battle. To make matters worse, all of Century City is under construction these days, not just the hotel...a mammoth business complex--future home to talent agency CAA---is being erected right across the street; I awakened every morning to the sound of ear-splitting jackhammers. I was forced to stay at this hotel on business, but spent the whole time wishing I could slip next door, to the far grander Park Hyatt, or--even better--the Four Seasons on Doheny. Give the Century Plaza a second chance in the new year....it would be rude and pre-emptive not to, I suppose...but right now? Avoid at all costs!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	1	3	2	4	2	

<Author>barbie1959
<Content>Star Treatment!       Front view of hotel  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Kravman
<Content>Exceptional hotel Located just a 10 minute drive from the Sunset strip, this is an exceptional hotel as regards both the amenities and the staff. The hotel is undergoing a $20 million dollar renovation. I stayed in a renovated section of the hotel. The rooms were large, extremely clean and newly furnished with an exceptionally modern bathroom. The fitness centre rivals a professional gym with both its size and the quality and quantity of equipment and the pool and hot tub (outdoors) area provide a great place to relax. The staff was very curteous and helpful, always offering a friendly hello, good afternoon or good evening.The only drawback is the price of parking: $29 valet with the only other option being a public lot which charges $20 everytime you enter the lot. However, the valet service, while expensive, is quite convenient as a quick call will guaranty that your car is waiting for you once you exit and you can exit and re-enter as many times a you like.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>meh7976
<Content>Love this Hotel Just returned from staying at the Hyatt Regency Century Plaza for a convention July 26-30th. Pricey even at the convention rate but well worth the money. From the time I pulled into the valet parking area until I checked-out the hotel treated us as if we were the most important guests in the hotel. The hotel check-in was great our room wasn't ready but the lady at the desk put a hold on a room with 2 double beds and we were able to check in within the next hour. Our bags were promptly brought to our room by a bell man. The room was wonderful with down duvet covers a table and two chairs (workstation), bedside chair and stand, mini-bar (which they emptied for a small fee so we could use the refrig.for our picnic supplies), closet with ironing board, safe, bathroom wonderful, and a coffee maker. We also had a nice view of the pool and mall next door. All rooms have sliding patio doors and a balcony. We felt like we were getting the star treatment. The hotel was able to handle a convention of over 1000 people and then turn around the day after and handle a high profile political person staying with them without compromising the convention activities. The hotel was located in a wonderful area 30 minutes from Hollywood, 20-30 minutes from the Grove, 10-15 minutes from Beverly Center, 30 minutes from LAX. I would definately stay here again and recommend it to others.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dudega1
<Content>Not impressed with the Century Plaza I stayed here for 4 nights, before moving to the world class Beverly Hills Hotel. This hotel is very bland, the lobby does not have much character and kind of reminded me of walking into a large office building, just very plain and lackluster, not at all like it was years ago. I stayed in room #631, which had some issues. Two of the three telephones in the room did not work, one of the lamps in back of the chair was missing a light bulb, the balcony was FILTHY, stains on the balcony carpet, cigarette butts left in the corner from the previous guests. The entire 6th floor had a musty smell to it as well, they should invest in some air freshener. As far as the staff, the most outstanding was the valet, he was very friendly and kind, went out of his way for the guests. Housekeeping was bad, they left trash in the room, knocked on the door at 7:45am even with my do not disturb sign out. I got a decent internet rate of $209 per night, plus tax, which was not great but not bad considering this hotel is close to Beverly Hills. Also, the pool can have potential if the poolside attendents actually do their job and bring guests drinks, all they were doing was standing around talking, not waiting on the guests....I think this hotel ran better under Westin management.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>calihappygirl07
<Content>Loved it!! We stayed at the Century Plaza for a week for our 5th wedding anniversary trip. It was worth every penny! We got a double bed suite that had breath taking views of the city. The linens were the most comfortable we have ever slept on! The pool area is beautiful and very peaceful. The rooms are cozy and spotless. The parking is pricey-$29.00 a day but the valets treat you like gold and we never waited long for our car. They have a public parking lot behind the hotel that you can choose to use that has no affliation with the hotel. However, it is $20.00 in and $20.00 out so its much better just to use the hotels valet service. I would highly recommend this hotel for romantics or just a quick getaway weekend. We plan on staying there again.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chem_dr
<Content>Pricey, but worth it Some friends and I traveled to LA for a conference at the Hyatt. There is some construction on Little Santa Monica Blvd (after exitng the freeway) and several lanes were closed during our time there. Upon arrival at the Hyatt, we were able to check-in very quickly and the front desk staff were friendly and accomodating. There was some congestion at the front of the hotel (like most others) with guests loading, unloading, valet parking, etc. Parking at the hotel was an issue for us because the hotel is only 'responsible' for their valet parking area ($20/day). Self-parking can be found at a garage behind the hotel spa that is owned by a third party, but used by hotel guests and shoppers at the Century Plaza Mall. The guest rooms were farily large with double closets and an in-room safe (extremely small, only good for jewelry). Our room faced the construction site across the street (yuck!), but had a cute balcony with chairs that let you get some Beverly Hills sunshine during the day. The bed and bathroom was clean and well-maintained. The bed pillows were very comfortable, plentiful, and fluffy (not like most hotels). The meeting facilities had great acoustics (always a plus) and were mostly accesible by the main bank of elevators. There is a mezzanine level that is only accesible by staircase from the lobby and a second bank of elevators. If you're a shopper, you'll love the close proximity to everything. Century Plaza (Macy's, Louis V., Ann Taylor, etc.) is directly across the street from the rear door of the Hyatt. Rodeo Drive and the Beverly Center are only about a 15 mintue drive away. The nightly rate at the Hyatt will run you upwards of $200 (in most cases), but it was worth it for us.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great views, comfy beds       Bathroom  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>thankstomiles
<Content>Not the best Hyatt...but not bad We got a decent price from Priceline. The location was great, easy to get to Beverly Hills/the strip, and also to Santa Monica. The concierge service was fantastic--not only called multiple restaurants to get a us a table for a Saturday night, but also made good suggestions and followed up with calls to my cell phone to confirm our plans. Excellent service. The valet price is over the top, but you do have no choice, so just consider it part of the cost. Sign up for the Hyatt Gold Passport (free to do at their website) so you can use the gym for free, otherwise you have to pay some exorbinate fee (again, nickel and dimed). The bed is comfortable and the rooms are a good size. We didn't hear any real hallway noise, though the street noise was present, even on the 12th floor. They obviously put a lot of money into updating what would otherwise be a very dated hotel. We did not eat/drink there, but the lobby had a great vibe and lots of business travelers were having drinks and a good time.  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>soldearly
<Content>Nice experience tarnished by all the Gothchas Check in was fast after our car was surrounded by Valet Parking guys who aggresively hyped valet by saying it would save me money over self-park. When I got the bill I was shocked, as they added $29 for half day of parking. Add tips, and it came to nearly $35. The first room offered smelled strongly like smokers, but they moved us quickly down the hall to a similar otherwise ample room. The rollaway was delivered quickly, and the only other unpleasant surprise was $13 for a supposed TV movie we did not order. My daughter simply turned on the TV and watched a 1 hr. disney sit-com. If that costs $13 (!), they should be very obvious in disclosing that to guests. They did remove the charge when I politely protested it. The hotel is in the heart of Century City's business district, so no street parking whatsoever -- they kind of have you where they want you and in my opinion exploit that. Otherwise a decent stay accross from major high-rise construction. Not quite worth the $130 (incl. taxes, etc.) we paid, but we were down to the wire.... I have gotten much better values from Priceline at half or one-third the cost, as nearby as Anaheim Doubletree Suites. Reading other reviews of this Hyatt, a common theme emerges of aggressive charging of extras, which clouds your view of an otherwise nice roomstay in a comfortable bed and bath, etc.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ESCColorado
<Content>Great hotel We stayed here for 3 days while visiting LA. The valets were terrific, although the daily price of $29 was a little high. Lounge area was very nice to have a drink and appetizers. The wait staff in the restaurant were superb and had us taste testing different smoothies. The hotel is walking distance to a great mall and movie theater. We ate at a fabulous Italian restaurant called Carmine's on Santa Monica Blvd, a short drive or a long walk from the Hyatt. The beds, pillows and the rollaway bed were first class.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rock412
<Content>Great location, nice pool, ok food .... I stayed at the Hyatt Century City for 4 days for a business conference. The hotel rooms are spacious as are the bathrooms. My only negative comment about the hotel rooms would be the housekeeping, it took over 45 minutes to get fresh towels one evening and 2 days in a row the bathroom area was not swept or mopped, as there was still plenty of hair on the bathroom floor. When you are paying over $250/night and in LA you expect housekeeping services to be a bit better.The hotel catering is not good at all, they served the same bellpepper goulash on 3 different occasions and it gets old fast. If you are going to use the hotel's catering department please taste the food before hand.I would stay here again, the location is suberb and the staff very friendly.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bridgedol
<Content>Nice Stay! After reading some of the reviews on this hotel, I was a bit skeptical upon our arrival. I was pleasantly surprised to find out that we had none of the problems that others had experienced on this board. The hotel is very nice and clean with VERY comfy beds! Nice, spacious baths as well. Our car was parked in valet with in/out priveledges and within 10 minutes of calling our car was waiting out front.There is a mini bar/snacks in the room that are quite expensive. When we noticed on our sheet that some of the products were checked off as used, we contacted the front desk and they told us that we would not be charged for them. We also had some incorrect room charges upon check out but they were taken care of as well. The front desk staff was very polite, friendly, and helpful (they printed out our boarding passes for us).I would definitely recommend this hotel for your LA stay. Be aware that there is not much in the way of entertainment, restaurants, etc. surrounding the hotel so you will need to have a car available to you.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HappySF
<Content>Can I Live There? Beautiful place! The room was very clean and nicely decorated with the kind of beds, pillows and comforters that you never want to get out of. For just an extra $12 per day, there is a lovely spa (steam room, sauna, fabulous showers) and excellent work-out facility. The front desk and room service staff were great . . . although the spa staff weren't especially adept at helping acquaint this first time user to their facilities. I hope to stay there as much as possible!!!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful stay! We got to the hotel late, because of a delayed flight. When we arrived we were told that they had given away the last room with 2 beds.( I had requested ahead of time) I was upset because there was 3 of us and I did not want to have to share a full size bed. Before I said anything the woman checking us in said we are going to give you a suite. The suite was huge, two bathrooms, two large rooms, a dining area that seated 6. We had two large balconies with nice view of the pool.The room was spotless, and comfortable. The valet staff was very nice, the restaurant staff at Breeze was extra nice and the food was great. The room service was quick and the food was very good. We loved the lobby with the piano playing, and light food and cocktails available. We had a wonderful time in Beverly Hills and the hotel stay made it even better!!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very comfortable hotel Spent one night here in Decmeber at a great rate on Priceline. Very well furnished room, comfortable bed and very welcoming staff. Was treated as if I were paying full price too! Very clean room with all the ameneties one would expect from a hotel of this class. Lovely balcony with a good view. It is now operating under the Hyatt umbrella and is no longer a Westin.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>brachanam9
<Content>Wonderful experience!!       Beautiful suite on 18th floor - View 2  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dr63
<Content>good value Stayed at the hotel (now carrying the Hyatt, not the Westin name) for four nights. My room, on one of the top floors, was very well furnished, with a beautiful modern bathroom. The bed was extremely comfortable and the room had free etherent internet access. Upon arrival, in the early hours of the morning, I noticed the TV wasn't working. The quick arrival of the maintenance technician soon solved the problem, in spite of the very late hour. I was initially concerned to see a major construction site across the road from the hotel. I nevertheless never heard anything, and forgot all about it during my stay. First class (expensive)spa in the hotel. Nice mall (currently under refurbishment) 2 minutes away. All in all - a good experience.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>IT was a great hotel This hotel was a nice one i stayed here in the middle of july and it was a bit chilly but we loved it the pool could have been a bit cleaner but overall i liked it a lot  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Cynde
<Content>Very disappointed I recently stayed at the Century Plaza Hotel in Los Angeles and was quite disappointed. Stained carpets, mildew in bath along with missing grout. Floor was actually slanted at walls to the point that the TV armoire was acutally secured to the wall with a heavy chain. I spent over $250 per night for this.....only positive was that the bed was very comfortable. I was charged for use of the courtesy bar...when I never opened it...although they took the charge off when I complained, when I went down to the front desk to get a new invoice, I noted the clerk on the phone with another guest who was apparently charged for the bar too and calling to complain about the erroneous charge...almost felt like this was some kind of scam. Valet parking (with in and out privileges) was a pricey $27 per day. I would not recommend this hotel given the poor condition of the rooms.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant Rooms But Terrible Customer Service I stayed at this hotel for 4 days in May. I was somewhat apprehensive due to the prior reviews I had read regarding indifferent and rude staff. Unfortunately, I found this to be true. The valet staff was wonderful but the front desk staff (every single person I dealt with) was boderline sullen. I happen to meet a very nice Starwood employee staying at the hotel for a training class and she had the same experience. She also encourgaged us to voice our complaints in writing to the corporate office. The concierge was even worse. Everytime we approached the concierge he was either on a personal call or chatitng with a hotel employee. He acted annoyed that we would interrupt his personal conversations. The spa staff and the gift shop employee were very pleasant and helpful.Our room was clean, spacious and in fairly good condition. We had a great view overlooking portions of the city and beyond to the ocean. I liked the location because it was in a quiet location near two malls, several studios, good eateries, the expressway and Rodeo drive. We also made it to Santa Monica with no traffic in a little under 30 minutes.If the staff's customer service skills were improved (or the lot of them fired and people who actually wanted the jobs hired), it would be a totally pleasant experience. I would only return if I could not find a comparable hotel which was not that much more expensive.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>tcaruanj
<Content>Nice Hotel stayed there for 5 nights in September 2005. Had a nice room overlooking the pool. I thought the decor in the room was nice and the bathroom decor was very hip. Room and bathroom were clean and the room was a good size too. The bed was super comfortable. I normally don't like hotel beds but this one was great! The ammenities in the room were good too. The only down side is the price. I was fortunate that I got a special rate as I was there on business, however, I just think the price overall is too high and you don't even get breakfast nor is the gym free to use! That's ridiculous! Also for the price, I'd expect the common corridors to be a lot cleaner. I thought the carpet area looked a bit dingy, personally, and when someone left their room service dishes in the hall or dropped something it was there forever. I just think that for a hotel of this star rating and the price that should be cleaned. I've stayed at other hotels at the same price and star rating that would never leave dirty room service dishes in the hall way. They send someone to collect the dishes.Anyway if you're going anytime soon, get a room facing the pool as there is some construction across the street so it's not a nice view. The valet parking is pricey at $23 but you have all day in and out privilges (I believe there is a cheaper self park). I wasn't floored with the service of the staff, though the cleaning staff were exceptional. Also, on Thursdays in the patio area they give complementary manicures for a tip, and their is entertainment, etc. very nice!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dump! This place is pathetic! The rooms are so musty that I was sure to see mold growing on the walls. The furniture is 70s, the carpet is worn-out, and the down comforters are never clean - I stay here every week for work unfortunately. Was staying at the Park Hyatt down the street (which is awesome) but had to switch because this place is $15 cheaper - Company policy.I received 10,000 Starwood points the first week I stayed because of the filthy room. The Breeze restaurant is really bad - they charged my room for somebody elses meal and the front desk would not take it off even though they had a copy of the bill with somebody else's name clearly printed on it. The service ----! They always have 1 or 2 people checking in 30 guests on Monday nights.The gym charges $12 (free if your platinum or $6 if you are gold). Starwood preferred guests gets no preferential treatment. The valet parking is a ripoff (again it is cheaper at the Hyatt down the road).Really bad hotel!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>1	4	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>liloo86
<Content>Okay room, awful staff This hotel is convenient to the century city mall, which if you don't have a car, are on a budget and staying there for 5 days quickly become boring.The hall and lobby are luxurious (gotta keep the appearences up). The room we were in was always clean. But that's all for the good points.We spent 5 days there in the beggining of august, and here's what happened,We arrived at the hotel after midnight, arms full of bagages, but none of the staff helped us, two women.We made it to the lobby by ourselves but could not understand a word the lady who checked us in was saying.We went up to the room on the 14th floor, following the staff orders, to take the elevators on the opposite side from the check in desk, still no one to help us with our baggages.We entered the room, the smell was musty and old, we dropped on the bed and slept instantly, but we were awoken by construction at 6 a.m!!!The cold came into the room from the balcony made our room icy cold at about 3 a.m, even with the drapes closed (not so useful when they don't touch the floor) Then, on the 3rd day, a employee knocked and told us that we were due to leave earlier in the morning, then we told her it was not 3 days but 5 days and she excused herself saying it must have been an computer error.We ran down at the cheking desk, scared that they would charge us 2 imaginary days on our credit card, there they confirmed that their computer said we were supposed to have a 3 days stay, we told them the voucher we gave when we checked in said 5 days, of course they said they had lost the voucher, and that they would make their researches, and that everything would be settled on our departure date, with a tone that clearly said they would leave it on the side until we check out and just take the 2 days stay on our credit card, then pay back we were not lying.I had to call our travel agency and have them call the hotel so they could confirm it was a 5 days stay all paid.Then we went back to the desk asking for a paper saying they wouldn't take any money for the stay from the credit card. They told me I would have it at the end of the day, but nothing, they said the manager wanted them to wait 24 hours to make the papers, could not understand why but said ok, again nothing when we asked the paper the next day.I had to yell at them for a young guy to nicely print the front page of our file on their computer, eventually. I don't know what irritated me more, the women who told me to come back again and again and again for nothing, or the women who pretended to help us, but looked at us like we were dirt on her shoes after our travel agency called them.Even the concierge wasn't very helpful, but I think it was more because of a limited knowledge about their job.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>mlasser
<Content>Better options in LA but better then the Bonaventure Just ok. Rooms are a good size and have been redone to catch up to the 90's but none of the cool new features like flat panels.Very limited benefits for Platinum members. No club or concierge level. No free breakfast. No welcome gift. No bonus points to exchange for lack of welcome gift. Even though they have tons of suites, no upgrade was offered upon check in. Valet is 27 bucks and self par does not include in and out priviledges.Staff is just ok. Pool is ok. Location is so so due to massive construction accross the street on the fron side and noise from the HVAC system at the mall on the back side.Spa and fitness center look nice but are Beverly Hills prices.In room internet worked fine.TV has around 30 channels, ten of which are ESPN and Sports networks.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>islington3164
<Content>Classic LA Hotel Stayed here recently on a business trip. The hotel is quintessential L.A.; even if I had been plopped into this hotel blindfolded, I would've known I was in LA--it's just got that feel. Rooms were large and clean and the Heavenly bed did not dissapoint. The room service food was exceptional (steak sandwich was best I'd ever had) and delivered quickly. The pool and bar areas also looked very enticing, very Hollywood, although I never used them. Two very minor complaints: 1) service was average, but you pretty much expect that in an impersonal chain hotel, 2) while the hotel is very, very centrally located, the actual location of the building is kind of desolate, as it's surrounded by office buildings and a Mall. Then again, who walks in LA? I would stay at the Westin with no hesitation and recommend the hotel to anyone in LA on business or pleasure.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overpriced and short on service I was excited to stay at this hotel because I love Westin hotels and this was supposed to be a nice place. You can imagine my disappointment when my stay at the Westin Century Plaza Hotel  Spa was nowhere near satisfactory!In fact, my experience with this hotel was so miserable that I could not wait to check out and go home!!Here is a list of just some of the things that went wrong:-In-room internet connection did not work-In-room TV internet did not work-A stranger's bag was left on my bed by a bell hop the first night of my stay-Spa overcharged me for one service and refuses to refund me for a service I did not receiveThis does not include all of the things that went wrong . . . I will save you from the misery of reading every single detail of my awful experience at The Westin.I am a platinum Starwood member and I will NEVER EVER stay at a Westin Hotel after my experience at The Westin Century Plaza Hotel  Spa in LA.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelPort101
<Content>Westin Century is a classic         
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travel79
<Content>Great, Clean, Well Located Hotel This hotel was great!The furniture in all of the rooms is updated, with very modern bathrooms. I'm really picky and the only thing I noticed was that the carpet was a little worn, but nothing to complain about! The beds and the bathroom were great! Every room has a balcony, ours had a great view of downtown LA.The pool and patio area seemed great, we didn't get to spend enough time there though!Our only complaints, the valet and parking is kind of a mess and it took a little while to get a cab.Keep in mind that LA is not really a walk around city, so you have to drive or take a cab pretty much everywhere. The hotel is located right by a huge shopping area and a short cab from the Rodeo drive area and Sunset strip. All in all this is a great hotel and we would go back in a heartbeat! FYI, we got a great deal on this hotel through Priceline which made it even better!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ajktNewYork
<Content>Rude Staff The physical plant is very lovely - public areas, pool, etc. - but:- I stay in Westins several times a month and usually the service is very good. For a luxe hotel and for a Westin, the staff at this property was very rude and unhelpful. Examples: - Someone calling herself a sales manager was incredibly snobby and snippy with me when I asked her a very simple question. She had chin length straight blondish hair. Look out for her. - I went to the pool towel stand, which was empty of towels. Two people were standing behind the counter, a woman in uniform and a man in a suit. I asked them both where I could find towels. They both just stared coldly at me and didn't respond. I guess it was beneath them to answer a very standard and justifiable question.  - Some of the valets were incredibly cold and snobby, as if they were movie stars and I had dared to approach and ask for an autograph. I was driving a very expensive car, and I tip extravagantly, so it wasn't on that basis. I have no idea what their problem was. The only exception that I recall was a very sweet, older Asian gentleman, who was very polite and helpful. The worst was one of the valets in tails and top hat, an older man who bore a slight resemblance to Victor Garber. He treated us as if we were filthy street urchins who had stuck our fingers in his food. Also, the heavenly bed here was the least heavenly of all the Westins I've stayed in. The mattress was not especially comfortable at all.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>whateverintexas
<Content>fine hotel (beware of construction) We spent three nights at this lovely hotel, and had a great stay. However, there is significant construction happening across the street, so if you do not get a room facing the ocean, your view and quiet will be destroyed. We had booked two king beds rooms, but, when i said we did not want construction views, we had to get two rooms with two double beds. Supposedly, the king rooms all face the construction--and when I did see into one, it looked nightmarish. ROMANTIC STAYS BEWARE if a large bed is crucial to your enjoyment.However, our spacious balconies had an excellent view of the hills, west LA, santa monica, and off to the pacific horizon. FANTASTIC for ocean breezes!The check-in process was smooth and friendly, and the valet service is excellent---efficient and fast. The rooms were clean, with comfy beds and nice bathrooms (including double-headed showers and decent (but not super-spacious) bathtubs.) The internet service in-room is very fast, and gives you a genuine 24 hours for 10 dollars. There is wireless in the lobby as well.Room service was fast and efficient, and Breeze, the on-site restaurant, is delicious. Many of the items are organic, with free-range and hormone-free meat and veggies grown in their dedicated garden, cooked fresh. It's very pleasant to dine outside on the patio, too. All and all, I would definitely come back, but only if I was assured I would not face the construction--not until it's done.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disasterous stay I was expecting this hotel to be very classy given most of the write-up's I read and what with the price they charge here. I stayed here for 5 nights and by the 2nd night I could not wait to get out of there. It was a string of disasters basically. I am not usually one to complain, but I ended up being a regular at the concierge desk several times a day. I had to move rooms the first night due to construction across the road. I was placed in a room on the other side of the hotel which was not much better. The key I was given for the fridge did not fit and it took 3 attempts and visits to the concierge to get this sorted out. I had a telephone line in my room which was not working for the first 3 days and no-one could figure out why. It turned out the previous occupant had a bar placed on the phone line which was not taken off after their stay. The 3rd evening I had a couple walk in on me whilst I was dining. The hotel had double booked my room and reception made several phone calls to my room asking what I was doing in there. On my last evening I had no less than 6 or 7 phone calls and 2 knocks at my door asking what time I would be checking out the next morning as well as housekeeping under the impression I was checking out that evening for some reason and wanting to service my room. This hotel is definitely 'never again' and considering it is Westin it was a very disorganised and unprofessional to say the least - especially for a business based guest. The hotel also needs a refurbisment, though they claim it had one recently. It was very outdated and rooms had a musty smell.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Clefsdorsf
<Content>A Great Location and a Fine Stay I enjoyed a lovely weekend at the Westin Century Plaza when I came to LA to see the King Tut Exhibit. With my SPG Gold membership, I was upgraded to a lovely suite with a view of the pool and a hint of the Pacific Ocean. All rooms however enjoy the comforatable beds and contemporary bathrooms. I would have liked turn-down service or twice daily housekeeping, but the staff was happy to supply extra towel and a robe on request. The location of the hotel is superb--close to Beverly Hills and shopping. The pool is nice in the morning--but the afternoon sun is blocked by the neighboring MGM building. The spa looked nice--but they were booked up for treatments--my fault for not planning ahead. I had lunch and dinner at Breeze-- both very pleasant-- and room service was prompt and acurate. I had no problems with the valet parking--as I would call ahead for my car from the room. Overall-- a nice stay and i would return.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel $25 valet parking seemed a little steep. You don't get in/out privileges with self parking. Quick service but $25? Whoa. Even by LA standards was pretty high.Rooms are hugh with high ceilings. I think all or at least most of the rooms have a balcony. There's actually construction on both sides of the building so you're not going to escape noise. The side facing the swimming pool appears to get less construction noise. Some signs of aging. The carpet seemed worn. Bathtub wasn't shiny white marble. Beds were nice but wasn't 100% Heavenly Bed quality -- a little softer than expected.Good location -- only minutes to Rodeo Drive / Bev Hills. A 10 minute ride to West Hollywood and Santa Monica.Agree with other reviews that breakfast at Breezes is pretty good. Overall a nice hotel.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gilbert02
<Content>Very good hotel Stayed here for 2 nights in May 2005 while on a shopping vacation. The hotel is in a great location, convenient to both Beverly Hills and Santa Monica (it is right off of Santa Monica Blvd in Century City). Obviously, if you are visiting LA you need a car and this location is no exception. But it is a short drive from almost any attraction. The rooms are very comfortable, with good bedding. The bathrooms have excellent counter space, enough for three women to get ready at once! Good closet space as well, and each room has a balcony. The pool area appeared to be very nice, however, it was too cold to explore fully. Do NOT attempt to self-park! The self-parking signs take you to a garage that is not affiliated with the hotel and has no in and out privileges. Service was good. We asked for the air conditioning to be turned on and for extra towels and received both requests immediately. Also, they allowed us to check out at 4:00 PM on the day we were leaving, rather than 12:00, with no problem. I would definitely stay here again on my next LA trip.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>camdencalling
<Content>Couldn't wait to get out I cancelled a Best Western to stay at this hotel and wish now I'd saved my money. I thought I'd treat myself but this hotel is a soulless place and does not match up to other Westin hotels I've stayed in. I had avidly read other reviews on this site and had high expectations that this would be a good place to spend my first night in LA in. Big disappointment. The staff are very workmanlike but you don't feel they are really welcoming you as an individual. I don't expect to pay $25 for car valet parking and have them suggest I take my own bags up to my room. Once there, I was deeply disappointed not to have a bath tub. As it was only a one night stay I couldn't be bothered to complain (as a Starwood Preferred customer) but I was also annoyed not to get a bath robe. It is very convenient for the Century City Mall but that's about it. Staff in The Breeze restaurant were great (never easy for a woman on her own to eat somewhere) but I was relieved to check out at 7am.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great urban style celebrity hotle Stayed at the Westin Century Plaza in LA 2x in April for various business meetings in LA. Loved it two times. I can't help but fall in love with the heavenly bed. Recovered from back surgery about a month ago and was concerned about sleeping in hotel beds, (my bed is custom) and it was a great feel and so comfortable. Slept like a baby.Staff was terriffic, valets  bell hops were very nice and helpful. Liked the free Evian from the valet. Washed my windows too...unexpected...and appreciated.Checked in , had to wait a little while but got a nice upgrade and comp breakfast. Front desk people were exceptionally pleasant, especially the tall brunnett (couldn't remember name) . Food at Breeze was pleasantly surprising. Big treat was the celebrity event I happened to watch from the lobby one evening on my way back. Never saw so many stars in one place. That was really cool. This hotel has a great Hollywood history, as I've learned. Looking forward to bringing the family for summer weekend jaunts. Great location too. Central to just about everything in LA. Room were also pleasant and clean, although I was out a lot and didn't get to enjoy the room...except the heavenly bed.Exactly what I would expect from a Westin.  
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything wonderful! We stayed at the Century Plaza in April for 3 nights. Everything was wonderful! We arrived at the hotel at about 1:00 or 1:30. We were able to check in right away. We enjoyed all of their restaurants like Breeze and their cafe overlooking the pool. We also used their business center. Every staff member we encountered at the hotel was more than happy to help us with every question we had. The hotel was conveniently located and service was incredible. We will be back again. Highly recommended hotel!  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice for a weekend The Family went down for a Mother's Day getaway. Nice property. The pools were nice for our son, 4 wading pools of various sizes, the hot tub and the full sized pool w/ steps going from end to end.My wife did a treatment in the Spa next door, she said it was busy, but nice inside.The room was smallish, but the beds were nice, some of the wood on the closets looked worn, bathroom was nice and modern, but again small.Only stayed one night, but saw there was a problem w/ the TV, called down to the front desk and it was promptly replaced, so we could watch the corny National Treasure without 1/4 of the screen having a green cast to it.We took a room on the 18th on the backside, which seems to have better views of the city/sprawl and some of the mountains, but it will not get you away from construction which is happening both directly in front of the hotel and in the Westfield Mall in the back of the hotel.Definetly go for the Starwood Preferred membership (and if you are AAA or AARP, go for Starwood Preferred Plus). Apply online, it's free (as noted in an earlier review - thanks!) With SPG+ were able to do a 4pm checkout, got bumped to the 18th floor (preferred floor) and got 1/2 price on general spa access $6 instead of $12 (but no discount on the treatments :) We also did pirceline - $136 dd the trick, $126 failed. Valet is $25, which seemed on the steep side, considering most people had to wait a little longer then what I consider normal for their cars.Internet is $10 / day. However I got wireless reception from the Westfield Mall in our room on the backside / 18th floor facing the Mall. They charge $3 / day, but I'm not sure what the b/w will be like, I'll leave that for a future reviewer to try out.Easy walk to the mall (which is undergoing redevelopment, but still has many stores and the movie theater open).We had Mother's Day brunch at the Breeze, $58. Nice outdoor table and they let us really take our time. Good service, good food.At night, I smoked my Andrew Estates wimpy Kahlua Cigar and watched the city lights from our 18th floor balcony, good times, good times.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>spt
<Content>Bad news... I booked the Westin Century City for a Birthday getaway, but I spent most of my time arguing with the front desk, valet, and room service. I waited over 20 minutes at the front desk to check in, and then I was not even given the accomodations I had reserved. The elevators were broken, none of the ammenties for Preffered guests were in the room (robe, coffee, etc) and the operator was impossible to reach on the phone. I travel over 18 days a month, mostly staying at high end properties. I have never had so many things be wrong in one stay, compounded with the most disinterested personnel I have ever encountered. I realize now that many of the deficiencies are due to a long running union strike. This would explain why at around midnight every night, horns and megaphones are engaged outside in the street to draw attention to the strike. I'd say that is not necessary, it is very evident. To add insult, when I received my AX bill I was charged incorrectly and had to spend further time arguing with them. I'd make a wide detour around this disaster.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Onehthony
<Content>No complaints I worked in the twin towers across the street from the hotel for years. I've eaten there, had meetings there and had company parties there. Recently, I had my first opportunity to stay there (3/4-5) when attending some back to back UCLA events. The building of the hotel itself is not the newest. The curve of the building is a bit of a throw back to a different era, but only adds to the charm. Ample upgrades have been made. Westin beds are always comfortable and the bathrooms are far from lacking. The rooms are a bit cozy and I wouldn't recommend more than 2 people staying in one room. There is only one sink in the bathroom (big whoop). There is quite a bit of construction going on with the ABC Entertainment Center across the street being transformed. It wasn't enough to wake me up, but it wasn't silent either. Valet wasn't impressively prompt, but not obnoxiously long a wait, either. Room service was decent - nothing spectacular. Breakfast at Breezes was a bit overpriced, but typical of hotel dining. For more variety and affordability, walk across the street to the Century City Plaza. Food Court is on the other side of the mall, but you will enjoy the walk through (my favorite mall). Best of all, as a Starwood Preferred Guest (sign up online with no charge) you can request a late check out at 4pm! Relax, lay in bed and watch a movie!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>fundatty
<Content>Very comfy! We stayed here for one night at the end of a Disneyland trip to be closer to LAX. The hotel is very attractive and the beds were super. Our only problem was that the first room we were given had a barking dog in the next room.We were quickly switched to another room which was quiet, but not as large and nice as the first room. Since it was only for one night, I did not complain. We had breakfast the next morning in the Breeze dining room. The food and service were very good, but a bit pricey at $75 for 2 adults and 2 children. The location of the hotel is very nice for visiting the Getty Center and Hollywood.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>4 Star Amenities/ 3 Star Service My wife and I stayed at the Westin Century Plaza from March 1-3. I actually used my Starwood points for this trip, and got a nice room overlooking 2 giant office buildings that were under construction. To comment on the parking situation based on previous reviews, I had no problems with the Self-Parking lot. You do have to go right past the hotel and make a right onto St. Regis Ave to get to the garage, and walk across a pedestrian bridge from the garage back to the hotel. But I'd rather pay $20/day, than $25/day + tip for valet and be able to get my car whenever I want.We checked in and were given a room on the 17th floor right next to the elevators. The room was very clean and updated and was truly a 4-star quality room. The beds were very comfy and the shower is highly enjoyable.We arrived late in the evening and had already eaten dinner, but my wife wanted desert so we ordered room service. I was put on hold and had to wait for the Next available room service agent which actually took close to 10 minutes, something I've never experienced before. I ordered a bowl of berries normally on the breakfast menu. 2 minutes later, my wife wanted me to add a glass of milk to the order. I called back and they told me that would be fine. However, when the order arrived, there was no milk. My wife decided to forget about it.We chose the hotel #1 because I could get it free with my Starwood points and #2 because we were going to a taping of the Price is Right and also wanted to tour Hollywood. The hotel is a is in a good location to all of these things as we got lost trying to find CBS Television City at 5:30 am, but still managed to get there in time. The restaurant, Breeze, is excellent. They are supposedly known for their sushi, which I had. It was very good, but I've had better. I live in San Diego where I have my pick of about 50 sushi restaurants within a 10 mile radius, so I know sushi. The prices are typical LA prices if not a little on the cheaper side if possible. My wife ordered Filet Mignon which came with a nice portion of mashed potatoes and spinach which cost $32.All in all, I found the hotel to be enjoyable and in a decent location if you are planning on visiting Hollywood and/or Beverly Hills.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible Service We arrived at the Westin at 4 pm; valet parked and dropped our luggage on the curb with the bellman. We proceeded to the front desk to check in. Upon check in I asked the front desk attendant if we were booked for a King N/S room and he confirmed it. We went upstairs to our room and it had 2 double beds. I called the front desk and they said they were busy; someone would call me back later. About 15 minutes later a woman identifying herself as Maria, the manager called me back. I explained the situation to her, that were confirmed a King bed and that we were in a room with doubles. She said they didn鈥檛 have any King rooms available at the time and to check back at 6 pm and possibly one would be available. I explained that this was very inconvenient for us considering my husband just came off of a 12 hour plane ride and would like to rest before we went to the spa. I asked where were we to stay for the 2 hours until the room might be available. She said she supposed we could just stay in that room. At 4:30 we still had not received our luggage and I was starting to be concerned. We had a 5:00 pm spa appointment and our swimsuits were in our luggage. I called down to the bell desk and they said someone would bring them right up. At 4:50 we still had no luggage, so I called down again and explained our situation and a women I spoke to suggested we just come down and get our luggage ourselves. We went downstairs towards the bell desk and checked outside first to see if our luggage was still there. Sure enough it was still sitting on the curb near valet parking where we had dropped it off. We retrieved our luggage and took it back upstairs. No one asked if it was our luggage when we picked it up and the lack of security concerned me.The one highlight of our trip however, was the spa. The amenities were very nice, the staff very friendly and our massages were exceptional. When we were finished with our treatments, we again went to the front desk to check on a new room. I asked to speak with Maria, the manager. She came out and looked for a new room for us. After standing at the front desk for 10 minutes she found us a new room. While I was there, I explained to her the situation about our luggage. She offered no apology and explained everyone was just really busy due to a high occupancy in the hotel. I told her I was very disappointed thus far with the service of the hotel and did not expect this from such a large hotel such as the Westin. Her attitude was very distracted when I was speaking with her and not very empathetic; basically she didn鈥檛 want to hear about my disappointment. When we returned to the room to pick-up our luggage to move to our new room, a bellman came to the door with someone鈥檚 luggage, telling us he was told to bring this up to our room. I explained to him that was not our luggage we had picked our up from the curb outside. At that point I felt bad for some other poor guest whose luggage was lost. I am very disappointed by the horrible service we received at this hotel. This was supposed to be a special night and it was basically ruined with all of the running around trying to find our luggage and get the room that we had reserved.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>1	3	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place Great hotel. I booked it having never seen it. Was given a great room looking East toward the City and mountains. Large, clean rooms that are well equipped. Great, updated bathrooms. Pool is connected to the separate Spa and very cool. Great service except the valet parkers take a little time to get your car. Pretty conveniently located for West L.A. and highways. Right next to Fox studios and Century Mall. If you get the same rate I did, $169, you can't go wrong.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would stay again! Stayed at this hotel on 1/14-1/16/05. Definitely worth the price that we paid thru priceline ($125/nt). The hotel's lobby was beautiful and elegant. Check in was quick and efficient. Our room was spacious and very clean with a nice patio with a view of the pool. The heavenly bed was extremely comfortable. Parking was a little high ($25 valet with no restrictions) but that's to be expected. No doubt that I will stay again on my next visit.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No internet access, something like a business centre?!!?? Good Hotel. Breakfast restaurant???? Only In-room dining every day??No computers anywhere for internet access !!!! You are lost without your own laptop.Very clean Hotel, nice bed. Friendly staff at the Reception...Maria was wonderful.Couldn`t try the pool due to the bad weather (storm). Location good.Price Ok for the value.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Take the Good with the Bad My wife and I stayed at the Century City Plaza and Spa for a long weekend this past summer. Having not read the warnings on this website about the parking situation, my initial experience with the hotel was poor (I followed the self-park signs, was charged $20, only to be then told about the only hotel-affilitiated parking option - valet, which was also a frustrating $25 per day, no refund for the self-park, so started off down $50 for the first day of JUST PARKING). Be prepared for this to avoid the initial damper on your stay.The hotel lobby and meeting area was nicely appointed with a plush seating area, full-bar, and big screen televisions. The backdrop for the lobby was the pool area, which can be seen through a wall of windows opposite the entrance. (However, I would guess the self-conscious would not find the concept of sunbathing in front of a bar audience to be a positive characterisitic). The pools themselves were not impressive, but i did enjoy boucing between the pool cool water and the nearby sauanas.Our standard room was just that - standard. Nothing special but nothing as dirty as some other folks apparently experienced. The bed was the highlight of the room. The highly hyped Heavenly Bed was quite heavenly. My wife and I slept like babies from the very first night and that is an accomplishment in itself. We have never before been able to get comfortable in a hotel bed on the very first night. The balacony was nice touch, albeit barely large enough for accommodate 3 people.The hotel staff was not memorable as being overly friendly nor exceptionally indifferent. We did have a problem with the safe in the room as it was locked and there was no key. When we called to the report the problem, we were treated as if we were just too stupid to find the key. They sent someone to the room to find the key and when they did not find it themselves, they offered to give us a safe deposit box. No big deal.The immediate area is not so great, but Bev Hills is not far. It didn't take much to get to the major highways either.Overall I would say that the hotel was fair to above average.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice Hotel (Beware of ONgoing Construction) I got my reservation through Priceline and was very pleased with this hotel, especially for at $136 a night. At check-in, I casually mentioned that I was a Starwood Preferred Guest member (which I am) and was promptly upgraded from the 11th floor to the 18th floor and received free use of the health club/spa facilities. Although the construction did not wake me the first day I was there, it was still loud if I sat on the balcony or even opened the sliding glass door. I asked to be moved and the staff was very accomodating. The room was large and nicely furnished. The bathroom was also very nicely equiped. This is definitely a four-star hotel and worth the price (whether Priceline or Expedia). Just ask for the western (back) side of the hotel and enjoy peaceful mornings and beautiful sunsets.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed the Stay We stayed from Nov. 12-18. Rooms were small, but large enough for a rollaway (at no charge). The construction across the street started around 7:15am and ended promptly at 5pm, so it did not bother us. I had my wife and two children (ages 12 and 10), so we ate most meals across the street in the open-air mall. There are plenty of places to eat, and a well hidden grocery store. I never saw any signs or advertisements, but found an average grocery store located under the mall in the parking garage. The hotel was convenient to the Blue Bus Stop (Santa Monica Bus), and the Metro Buses (both within a block of the hotel). There is also a Hertz rental car agency in the lobby. We rented a car and were pleased to find that it could be dropped with the parking attendant even after the agency was closed. We did notice that food trays and used linens often stayed in the hall all day, but everything else was clean. The pools are heated and plenty of towels were provided so swimming was good. We also called the desk twice (once for a toothbrush, and once for pillows), and found that we were served very fast. There was an $8 bar charge on our bill when we left, but the desk clerk removed it promptly when I explained we did not use the bar.I would stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Meursault
<Content>A Dull Place for Snobs This hotel is located in a dull enclave of buildings in Century City, with nothing of interest in the vicinity. Upon entering, I was startled at how many rich, arrogant snobs there were here and I knew that I would be disappointed. The hotel charges for everything, including the use of the gym ($14) and parking ($27 valet) and other services, where they rip you off. The food is expensive, the employees (except for the maids) are really stuck up. Security has an attitude problem, as they harassed me for being in the hotel (I was wearing jeans!). The hotel itself is hideous, it looks like a thing from the bad 1970's and the rooms aren't very roomy. I found small problems that for an upscale hotel shouldn't have been evident, incl mold on the curtain/tiles, no ice bags/tonsils, bad tv remote, stains on the pillows and sheets. I won't be staying here again because I felt uncomfortable and the snobish attitude is a big factor, if you dress casual, you'll stand out and have the security think that you just walked in from the street. Boring place, avoid at all costs.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BDavisDecatur_GA
<Content>Great stay Great room and the bed was amazing. Room service really fast. I found staff friendly. Also had a massage at the spa and it was amazing (80 min was $165).  
<Date>Nov 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Westin Pleases Westin never lets me down. I am a travel professional and am very particular. This hotel is very nice and the location is fantastic for a Los Angeles visit. The room was smaller than other Westin properties, but the balcony was nice. (Construction across the street was noisy, but that is something they cannot control) Service was a bit off, as our coffee/tea supplies were not replenished and when I called for tea bags and creamer, they brought COFFEE. The bathroom was nice, and I love the mirrors and tile. However, I was disappointed to find that the second showerhead was not working on the Heavenly Shower. Of course the HEAVENLY BED is just that - STARWOOD has a lock on the beds - with Westin and Sheraton.Overall, this is a very good hotel to choose for the area, but it is not my FAVORITE Westin - so far that distinction goes to the one in ATLANTA - PEACHTREE.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mlhaa
<Content>Nice Deal We booked via Price line and got a rate of 115 per night and it was well worth it. The rooms are not as large as some business hotels, but they make up for it with the balcony, excellent patented bed and great shower. They are clean, modern and upscale.The work out facilities are part of the spa ($12 per day) and are more than above average for a hotel. You also get access to the locker room with sauna, steam room, whirlpool, and rainfall showers. The location is good, a five minute drive to Rodeo and 10 min at most to West Hollywood.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Porsche_Guy
<Content>Only Adequate I have stayed at the Century Plaza Hotel twice recently, and my last stay was marginal. First, the good things. The hotel is pretty centrally located, so you can get downtown, to the West Side, to the Valley or the canyon communities easily. The staff is courteous and helpful. On the other hand, my standard room was only adequate for a short stay; the room was quite small by business or spa facilities standards. The most glaring problem for me was room service. The bill was highly padded with fees, delivery, and services charges and the food was inedible. I ordered calamari, Ceasar salad, and apple pie. The calamari was just balls of batter, the dipping sauce was rancid, the salad dressing was an oily mess that was not even Ceasar, and the apple pie was bitter. Fortunately, after a discussion upon checkout the meal was removed from my bill. I won't be staying at the Century Plaza Hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>QualityTraveler
<Content>Good Hotel with some drawbacks Stayed there for a week in August 2004. Nicely decorated rooms, with ample space. The service in general (front desk, bell hop, valet parking) was very good and professional. The beds, linens and bath towels were very comfortable.  Had breakfast at the Breeze (hotel restaurant) one morning. Our experience was very good - both with the service and the quality of food. The Hotel restaurant is expensive (no surprise). However, there is a Starbucks across the street in the AIG Sun Life Building that is open on weekdays for a good and cheap breakfast that you can carry back to your hotel room. There is also a large shopping center right next door to Starbucks where you can get a variety of meals 7 days per week. Both Starbucks and the shopping center are a short and pleasant walk.  Every room has a terrace which provides a wonderful night time view of the surrounding area (from a high floor especially). We liked the location because it was quiter than other hotel locations in LA, and found it central for our travels and activities - Universal Studios, Hollywood, Sony Studios, Pasedena and very near to Beverly Hills. But, remember, you're in LA and that means driving everywhere, no matter where you stay for a family vacation. Parking in all LA is at a cost - so don't expect to get it for free (except at the Sunset Plaza strip shopping center, near Mel's Diner). The hotel valet parking is $25 per night, with unlimited in/out. We found it very convenient.  The hotel has a charge for everything - including a $1 fee for making toll free phone calls and use of the internet at the business center (many smaller chains do not charge for local/toll free calls and often provide free high speed internet access from PC's in their business center).  We did not have any billing errors.  The drawback was that we thought the hotel could do a better job of cleaning; we never heard a vacuum during our entire stay, and felt the bathrooms simply recieved a wipe-down instead of a disinfectant cleaning, which is why we didn't give it a 5 star rating. An expensive place to stay, but we felt we received our money's worth (used the Starwood best rate internet price guarantee to match a lower price we found on the web for this hotel).  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nutmeg-1
<Content>Loved it! Wow! We were upgraded to a suite complete with a living room, dining table, large bedroom and 2 bathrooms. The furniture and decorations are dated but elegant. The grounds and pool are fabulous. Westin hotels are awesome to kids. They deliver the high chair, crib and anything else you need at no cost. My toddler received complimentary cookies and milk before bed time, and they have a kid's menu for room service. We could not have asked for a better stay. The staff is very helpful and friendly.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel, poor location Stayed here as part of a honeymoon package in August 2004,Hotel was very pleasant, nicely appointed and the heavenly beds were indeed heavenly.They were filming in the swimming pool area on our first day at the hotel, which mean't that we were restricted on our movements outside in the hotel grounds - disappointing.There is a shopping complex nearby (about 2/3 minutes walk) and we ate at a restaurant there which was good value and good food.Did a city tour and found LA lacks the charm and character of San Diego and San Francisco. This said, we did enjoy Hollywood, Beverly Hills and Bel-Air, amazing houses and very detached from the rest of LA.If you are stopping at this hotel, you need a car to get round and see the sites. We managed to walk to Rodeo Drive and saw the outskirts of Beverly Hills on foot, but the nearest Metro station from this hotel is 30 minutes walk!Still an enjoyable place and would stop here again.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FeedbackSpecialist
<Content>Perfect location  My family consistently visits LA each summer and has stayed at many 4+ star hotels in the LA and Santa Monica area. The Century Plaza Hotel was a pleasant surprise for our family, not 鈥渓uxurious鈥? but nicely decorated and maintained. The valet service was more than helpful and assisted us with directions around town. The room was spacious and nicely decorated with a great balcony overlooking the pool and garden. The landscaping and pool area is fabulous with great pool side menu! The hotel is located directly across from a Westfield Mall, grocery store and movie theater. The spa is top notch with a great array of services to pamper you. My only two complaints are that our heavenly bed with all white bedding was consistently stained. Even when we asked for a bedding change, the 鈥渘ew鈥?bedding was stained as well. Yuck. My other complaint is that we had to pay $12 each time we used the fitness facility. When paying for such a grand hotel, the fitness should be included, not a surcharge. Regardless of the bedding and fitness, I would absolutely stay at the Century Plaza again. We can鈥檛 wait for our next LA visit to book the Century Plaza!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Nice time!! We stayed at the Century plaza from jul23-jul28 and thought that it was a great hotel. we made the same mistake as everyone else and parked our car in self park - came back one hour and 10 minutes later to a 15.00 bill. When we got back to our hotel we valeted the car for the rest of our trip and the hotel re-imbersed our 15.00 from self park. When we needed the car they brought it up right away and we thought that their service was wonderful. Our maid however was a different story. She never refilled our sugars and creams in the room so around day number 3 my husband ran our of both for his morning coffee. (not pleased) We also came back to the hotel one day at 2:00 and our room was still not made up. The concierge was very helpful and the front desk was very polite to us throughout our whole stay. Overall a great stay we would go back.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Isky
<Content>Great location, awful food The food at this hotel was expensive and bad...Breakfast for three people was $60, not including the tip. I was attending a convention and the meals at the luncheons and dinners were awful. This was a great location though...it was near Beverly Hills and a mall across the street had an extensive food court and nice restaurants. Heavenly bed and shower are wonderful. Watch out for the in room, daily Starbucks coffee though...the first item is free and the hotel charges you if you make the second packet.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>thanks for the wonderful stay I stayed at the Westin Century Plaza from the 28th June 04 till the 2nd July 04 to celebrate part of my honeymoon. I did not advise them but as soon as they got to know via the concierge they send me a champagne bottle up to the room for free. The concierge were really helpful and very kind whenever we needed directions or places to visit.The room was done up really nicely and room service was up at the room within 15mins of calling. Keep up the good work. I will surely return.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disgusted  I have never been more disapponted in a hotel than I am of the Century Plaza Westin in Los Angeles. This is truly one of the worst hotels that I have ever stayed at in my life. Upon checking in, the first room we were given had a huge bug squashed on the wall  urine in the toilet. When we called down to the front desk to get a different room, we were treated very rudely, as if we were bothering them (including being put on hold 10 minutes). There was no sign of chagrin or even an apology at the unclean state of our room. Furthermore, despite signs pointing to 'Century Plaza Self Parking' we were told there was only valet parking at the hotel, which upon returning home  reviewing my credit card charges, they charged me $50 for (the correct charge for valet was $25). Despite calling the hotel to discuss the invalid charge, I have yet to receive a call back. I will never stay at this hotel again  it undermines my confidence in the Westin chain, which was previously one of my favorite hotel chains.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worse than Terrible I am disbelief at the lack of class this hotel had. Here is a summary of my experience:Followed Self parking for the Century Plaza Hotel signs and parked in the garage. When I checked in I was told that the hotel was not affiliated with the garage and I could only valet. When I went to move my car, the garage charged me $18 plus I had to pay $28 for valet - to top it off, my credit card is showing a $50 valet charge. Total crooks and use every trick in the book to get more money out of you.Dirty room - pee and feces in the toilet of the room I checked into. Dirt everywhere, dead bugs smashed on the walls. Not apologetic at all and put me on hold for 20 minutes when I called down to get a new room - acted like I was the inconvenience. DO NOT BELIEVE THE HYPE - this hotel is skanky and overpriced. I have never been so disappointed in a Westin property.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrific Mid-Century Hotel with Good Spa My wife and I stayed here with a great rate we got on Hotwire. When I paid with a Starwood American Express, we were upgraded to a beautiful room on the concierge level -- we even received Starwood points for our stay, although stays booked through Hotwire are not supposed to be eligible.The property is a classic mid-century cosmopolitan hotel. Though it has been remodeled, it retains all of the distinctive 1960s design elements and charm of the original hotel. Our room was on the small side, but well-appointed with nice furniture, a balcony with a great view, and the Westin Heavenly Bed. The bathroom was the best remodel I've ever seen in a hotel of this age, with custom fixtures and great lighting.Attached to the hotel is a complete spa, added fairly recently. My wife and I got a couples massage and used all the spa facilities -- on par with some of the beautiful resort spas in our home town of Phoenix.The location is great, and the staff is friendly and helpful. Be sure to use the valet to park your car, as it's actually less expensive than the self-park garage -- and the self-park garage is a good ten-minute walk and several sets of stairs away from the front desk and guest elevators.Very nice hotel oozing with 1960s charm; good location, nice staff, comfortable rooms. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gotmilk8
<Content>Great Hotel, Wish I'd spend more time! After checking in I went down to the Spa Mystique for a couples massage with my spouse, and it was quite an experience. Even though we got there late, and didn't have much time, the massage was really nice as was the relaxation area before and after the massage. I was sore the day after because I got the sleeping tiger deep tissue massage, and boy did it loosen my muscles. Each room has a balcony which was really nice from the 11th floor, and the view was very nice as well. The bathroom was pretty large and very stylish. All in all, I loved this hotel, and would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was nice :) I stayed overnight at this hotel with a few of my cousins and friends. Just a girls night out. The reason I chose this hotel is because I got a good deal on Hotwire for it ($115). I think it was worth the price, but I wouldn't pay any more than that. I haven't been to too many 4 star hotels, but I thought it was kind of ridiculous to have to pay $18 for self parking. I mean, I didn't have any other option since there was no street parking. The pool area was very nice and quiet, although it did seem a bit different on the website. The room was also very clean and elegant. I probably wouldn't stay here again, though, just because there isn't too much to do within walking distance other than the shopping center across the street. There is also a lot of traffic around the area, which can be heard from the pool area. Other than that, it was a nice stay.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cstar11
<Content>Very comfortable Stayed at the Century Plaza for a quick overnight trip. Nice, good sized room and bathroom, very quiet. The best part was the Heavenly bed - which is what makes the room worth it. In at a close second was the best showerhead I have had at a hotel. Everything was very well accommodated. Parking was expensive - $18 for self park or $25 for valet - but expected. Did not have time to try the restaurant, bar, or pool. Would definitely stay there again, and at any Westin hotel, just for that dreamy Heavenly bed. Hotel is in a good location and very close to UCLA/Westwood.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>gelert
<Content>Very Nice We had a very nice time here. The lobby, pool, and room were all great. One negative: fitness center (which is really nice) costs $12/day, though they do waive that if you buy spa treatments that day.The only other negative is the location: there's a nice outdoor mall next door, but not much else within walking distance, as far as we could tell. But if you have a car then you're fine: it's a short drive to Santa Monica, Rodeo Drive, etc. Try eating outside at McCormick  Schmick's at Rodeo and Wilshire!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Lovely Place to Stay The lobby is very nice and spacious. The pool is very nice and spacious. There are extensive spa facilities onsite, but the cost is extra. The restaurant food was good, but uninteresting. For the price, the menu could have been more extensive and creative. For an outstanding breakfast buffet, take a walk next door to the Park Hyatt. The Century Plaza鈥檚 rooms are comfortable and spacious. The concierge staff is prompt and friendly. The property as a whole is beautiful, and with the minor exception of the restaurant, the hotel really is great. It鈥檚 a solid choice for business travelers as well as for couples.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BuffsDAWGs
<Content>A Nice Place to Stay...on an Expense Account   showReview(1843564, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>turkeyfan
<Content>Elegant Hotel, good location   showReview(1793125, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top of it's class   showReview(1683618, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nancy_RInnO
<Content>Great location, very attractive   showReview(1667862, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pentacle
<Content>Saw many stars here - great place!   showReview(1667761, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bobgold
<Content>Nice Place   showReview(1614618, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(1556983, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>top class   showReview(1226532, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great service and Excellent Quality   showReview(645808, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>One Night a Year   showReview(355295, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kjki
<Content>ottimo!!!!   showReview(22162351, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ASD27
<Content>Un s茅jour agr茅able   showReview(19974703, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	3	5	3	3	

<Author>ferdiBari
<Content>eccellente   showReview(19405912, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hironchi
<Content>Hotel bueno pero mala situaci贸n   showReview(16110539, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	1	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>le meilleur h么tel   showReview(15564195, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bettyboop85
<Content>Bellissimo!!       Room  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Voellig in Ordnung   showReview(11300516, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婃皸銇叆銈?#x201d;   showReview(19162675, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

