<Author>bdoggiedog
<Content>great service, beautiful rooms we had a wonderful stay here . immediately when you walk in there is aromatherapy that instantly starts to reduce your stress level. the spa was OK , not great, but we still went there every day to sweat out. the club level had great food and the concierge was more than happy to help us book reservations during jazz fest at difficult venues.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>kobe22
<Content>Best hotel of the many we stayed at during a month long trip to the U.S and Cana Firstly our room: Our king size room was HUGE. Two king beds, very comfortable, large bathroom with a seperate vanity area and toilet. This room was 3 or 4 times larger than many of the others we stayed on during our month long trip travelling around to vaious parts of the U.S and Canada. Room was clean, no complaints about housekeeping and the view from the 14th floor was great.Room service: Yes it is pricey. We only availed ourselves of this service once. There are plenty of options nearby so this wasn't really a concern to us.Location: Conveniently close to everwhere we wished to walk to in the French Quarter.Layout of hotel: To all the people who think it's confusing and a maze to get around....try staying at the Fairmont Banff Springs! We found nothing confusing or difficult about getting to our room from either the front, rear or back entrances.Ambience of hotel: stunningly beautifully decorated for the holidays. Loved it.Staff: Courteous, friendly, helpful, great fun to talk to....we found this to be the best thing about the Ritz. Even before we stayed there we were contacted by email to see what they could do to make our stay more pleasurable.Jessica in guest relations was an absolute delight. I let her know we were celebrating our son's 21st birthday and the room was filled with welcoming gifts for all of us and a delicious cake for us to enjoy. Any problems?niggles? : yes it is annoying to have to pay for the internet but we had to at least at half of the other hotels we stayed at as well. However, I just happened to mention that we had some trouble with our connection and it had dropped out after a few hours. The fee was taken off our bill without my asking.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bstevens
<Content>Horrible with my children crying and exhausted!! We love the Ritz and have never had a bad comment to say...BUT!!..(and I realize being the Ritz there is a level expected, but hey, you pay for it!). We waited over 3.5 hours for our room and it was still not ready when we left for dinner. The upsetting thing was that others were getting their rooms before us (same room type) and when asked I was told they yelled louder! Then I found out they got free drinks, free food, 25% off room ,etc. and that was not offered to us at all!! OUr kids were exhausted, crying and when we got back from dinner still had to wait another 30 minutes for our room! And the bed was missing a sheet!The room we were put in was a cast off and missing furniture. I guess they overbooked and we were put in last...no beautiful soap I love (Bvlgari) we got Bath and Body Works cucumber!! WE were told there was a linen and soap shortage! Maid service did nothing except make bed. Did not even empty our trash, fresh glasses, take old glasses, give us towels (had to call for them!!!) vacuum, etc.The only good thing I can say is that the hotel itself is beautiful. No free coffee in AM lobby like others, it's 4.00 and no refills.Spa is FABULOUS and staff great there. Resistance pool great too. Workout room is very tiny and every machine taken.I would NOT stay here again! Spend my money on another grand hotel that delivers!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>2	2	1	4	5	1	2	2	

<Author>RAW09
<Content>Great service We had excellent service and everyone was extremely helpful. The hotel lobby area was decorated for the holidays and it made our time there feel very festive. Our room was clean and very comfortable. We ordered room service and the food was excellent. They forgot our dessert but brought it up as soon as we contacted them and then did not charge us for it.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jrusovich
<Content>Confusing and disorganized property First of all, travelers must realize that, although this property is referred to as Ritz-Carlton, it is actually three hotels under one roof, each providing a different service. This makes it chaotic, confusing and utterly disorganized. I stayed on what is referred to as the Club Level of the Hotel Iberville...or Iberville Suites, I believe. It had a separate entrance and dining area, with its own food service and staff. But be very clear: It is not the Ritz Carlton. For that, one must traverse a series of dizzying corridors and complicated elevator banks to find the Ritz dining room, bar and front desk, which are located on the property's 3rd floor: Another source of confusion. All of this is slightly mitigated with the help of a staff whose sole responsible seems to be navigating lost guests to their final destination. In short, this property is a logistical nightmare. My idea of a hotel is a front entrance, a hotel bar and restaurant, one or two sets of elevators...and one building. If there are two buildings, like the Beverly Wilshire in Beverly Hills, for example, one can simply walk from one to the other. The same applies to The Broadmoor in Colorado Springs. At the Ritz in New Orleans, however, there is no escape from what appears to be an endless labyrinth of passageways and elevator banks. Okay, with that behind us, let me say that the food service [at the Ritz portion of the property] was excellent and of great quality. But, of course, one would first have to find it.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kristl81
<Content>great place, but i stayed here with my parents and brother during july. we were in town to hold my grandparents funeral and burial, as they and my dad are from good ol NOLA. the hotel is beautiful in every way. when we arrived, our room was not ready, so the hotel asked if we'd like to wait in the bar area, drinks on them, until it was. we did, which was nice of them. i can't really say anything bad about the accomodations...however the only thing that just really irritated the heck out of us was how they nickel-dimed us every chance they got. $13 per day for internet access. $6 for 2 small bags of mm's. one would think that, paying more than $300 a night for a room, and we were there a full week, some things would be complimentary. heck, the $60 per night Super 8 gives you free internet access. other than that small annoyance, everything was great. great hotel, rather pricy, but still a beautiful place.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Spez
<Content>convenient, friendly and comfortable I was there for a seminar/convention for two days. Check in was friendly and efficient. The room was comfortable, quiet, clean and nicely furnished The staff, from the top down was friendly and courteous. The hotel is a block from Bourbon Street and walking distance to many nice restaurants. I did get a very good group rate for this event. I did not try the hotel restaurant. I did order a muffaletta late night which was expensive and nothing special (but I was hungry). I really did appreciate the late check out and the baggage storage.I had the same view from my deluxe room as the other reviewer who complained about seeing the rooftop air conditioning units on the adjoining property, but I did not consider this to be particularly negative. The hotel is in the midst of an old part of the city.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	5	4	

<Author>GraftonTraveler24
<Content>Incredible Of Course       Canal St Entrance  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>ChetX5150
<Content>Absolutely Excellent. Great location and attention to detail A group of us stayed at the Ritz and had an excellent time. I am surprised by the inconsistent reviews as we found our rooms and service and the common areas to be great. We did upgrade to the Maison Orleans, which is essentially a club level, and well worth it. The club area has free food and beverages virtually all day. Service was excellent. Room service was a 10/10. Rooms on the club side are hardwood floors and upgraded features. Hotel is beautiful inside and out and very close to the main part of the Quarter. Location was superb. Lots nearby and very convenient. As you expect with a Ritz, food and beverage there was expensive. Upgrade to the nicer side of this hotel and you will really enjoy it. So much to do and see around there--we will go back. Lobby bar and live music was superb too. Heard the spa was great, but we missed out.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>aliveinsf
<Content>OVERCHARGED AND COMPLAINTS IGNORED Room rate was charged in excess of contracted rate through Expedia. The front desk refused to address the difference between their room charge and my printed rate confirmation. Request to speak with General Manager was not honored; amazing how he/she wasn't availalbe.Subsequent letters to the general manager were ignored and not addressed. Even more distubing was the fact that my two lettesr to the CEO of Ritz Carlton were also ignored.For a hotel chain that sells customer service, this hotel failed to meet even the most basic concepts of customer service, both in terms of diliberate overcharging and in refusing to address legitimate customer complaints. When it comes to honoring confirmations, The Ritz is the Pits.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>3	1	3	3	4	1	2	3	

<Author>TomMontgomery
<Content>Highly recommend, Great location My wife and I stayed at the Ritz-Carlton New Orleans with some friends for the weekend in late October. I absolutely recommend this hotel. The hotel is beautifully decorated, exceptionally clean, and has everything you could want in a downtown hotel. The bar area and outside patio is a great place to relax in the evening or after a night out on the town. The bar and patio are extremely nice and the staff is very helpful. We ended each night having drinks on the patio; it was a great way to relax after a long day.We also thought the staff was extremely nice and very helpful. We don't know New Orleans very well and got great help from the front desk with recommendations and last-minute reservations.The location of the hotel cannot be beat. It is situated on Canal Street, within easy walking distance of the French Quarter and many of New Orleans' other attractions. It was a great home base for our trip to the city. The only downside, as you can imagine, is the price. The rooms are expensive - especially with the amount of other options in New Orleans. Also, parking is extremely expensive at $36 a day, and the food and drinks are pricey at the bar and restaraunt.Other than the price, though, there is nothing to complain about regarding this hotel. I would absolutely stay here again - especially if I could get a good deal. Everything was fantastic.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>AtlGuy01
<Content>Renovated Ritz now a Marriott in all but name What Marriott's done to the Ritz is sad wiith operations now merged in DC. They remained separate in Atlanta for some years after the acquisition. No more. This hotel and so-called renovation post katrina reflects the new Ritz - ritz bones, marriott on top, very different than 4 years ago. Check in on 10/25/08: $400 room reserved one month ahead is not ready. We had plans. 2 people apologizing, over and over. None calling housekeeping. yet offering $ 169 to inquirng wedding guests next to us. Our Room (at 530p finally) was big - but cheap furnishings. Marriott like save for marble bathroom (which existed before the renovation). Phone and lamp broken. Called front desk from my cel. First time, no one shows. 2nd time, put on hold and they don't come back. 3rd time, some action finally. Service is chatty and friendly, but poor. Everyone you pass who works there asks how you are doing. It is all talk and inquiry - no action. At breakfast - you get interrupted repeatedly every 3 minutes, 5 people asking how you are as if you are there to talk to them instead of your friends and associates. No coordination of staff covering your table, but despite all the inquiry and interruption, your coffee will sit empty. Friends at hotel joining your table 5 minutes later wait 20 minutes to get anything sunday morning - coffee, juice, a menu. Courtyard is still nice. Spa is ok as is location. Rest of it is sad. Not what it was.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>JMG44
<Content>Did not disappoint Stayed one night on a business trip. The room was immaculate in an otherwise dirty city. You could not have asked for a more comfortable bed and crisp linens. The bathroom was immaculate but having a separate shower would have been preferred. Free wifi would have been appreciated. The staff was friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Caren88
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Great Location Read all the reviews before our vist, I guess some are just hard to please. When visting The French Quarter, this Ritz Carlton is centrally located, and walking distance to the casino and other areas. This is a beautiful hotel. Some complain about the elevator and lobby location, but if your on vacation is this really a big deal? Originally was going to stay in a deluxe room, but the rates dropped on the club level rooms(Maison Orleans) so we decided to take it. We were escorted to the club level, and was in our room in no time. View was not so nice, but we really did not care. Service was there when we needed it. . Food and beverages were always available, and service was always with a smile. This is great hotel, and will stay again if we ever get back to Nawlins  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kellyglobetrotter
<Content>A beautiful hotel       On the river  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>treetravel
<Content>Lovely We stayed at the club level because we got a great weekend rate. This is the way to go. The staff was attentive and the rooms were lovely. The extras on the club floor; breakfast, sweets all day and coctail hour really made our stay special.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>longtimetraveler
<Content>A Disappointment Have stayed at multiple other Ritz Carlton properties. Outstanding, reliable service is generally the norm. Was not the case at this hotel. We experienced varying and numerous problems with housekeeping. Was frustrating and time consuming to deal with virtually daily. Management was very apologetic; but as soon as something was resolved, new difficulties would appear. Nothing simply horrible, yet annoying for us to need to address on and on. Had troubles right through and to include our final day.Also experienced 9 days of long waits with valet parking car pick-ups. They are slower than slow. Business or pleasure travelers alike may find this a negative.The hotel has an excellent fitness center. Lacks nothing for any type of workout. Their restaurant, bar lounge, and room service food are only average. Would strongly recommend going elsewhere, unless for convenience's sake.Might want to give thought to the hotel's location. Is 2 blocks from Bourbon Street. If planning to party there for most of your stay, it works well. However, generally all other tourist activities and places of interest center on Decatur Street to the South. Can walk it from the Ritz Carlton, though tends to get old fast. All considered, would not return to this hotel, nor suggest it to friends or family.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	3	3	2	-1	3	

<Author>Astoria1239
<Content>Nice older hotel Overall this hotel was above average. We stayed during a event connected with a convention/ seminar. We received a group rate at a fair price. The only issue was check in. We were told we could possibly have early check in due to the time we were arriving. Arrived 6 a.m. after driving through the night and they gave the only room to one person in our party that was not promised early check in. I was then told they could put us in a room around 8:30 when the cleaning crew manager arrived. People were checking out left and right and 8:30 came and went. 9 a.m. came and went with the cleaning crew clocking in. I returned to the front desk and was told maybe about 11:00 a.m. the management would check the room for cleanliness and then allow us in. About 12 p.m. I was exhausted, crabby and wanted to just fall asleep. I asked once again and was told by a new crew that they should have never promised me an early check in and that my check in now may be closer to 3 p.m. My seminars started at 1 p.m. and I still had the clothes from the day before and I went downstairs to check in for my seminar and ran into the coordinators office for group events. I explained my predicament and she was the most gracious person ever. She apologized for my inconvenience and said she would make a call. I was in my perfect corner room on the 12th floor. The view was great. The staff was wonderful. The porter and all the rest of the crew more than made up for one goof at the front desk. My expectation was at the Ritz to have excellent service and that point blank did not happen for my first impression. The front desk was like being waited on at a fast food restaurant. The rest of the staff should have 5 stars. One other downside was not having a pool on premises. I walked down the street to the Marriott.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	1	5	3	

<Author>OnTheSceneAtlanta
<Content>Save your money and don't book this hotel!!       "Deluxe" Room View  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>shopperqueen
<Content>Good Option in New Orleans We chose the Ritz Carlton in New Orleans for our first visit to New Orleans because we figured it would be a good safe area of the city. The Ritz in on the outskirts of the French Quarter and is in walking distance to everything. Overall, the hotel was nice. The building is old and the rooms while nicely appointed could use some upgrades I would expect from the Ritz for the price (flat screen tv's, robes in bathroom, etc.). We had a problem with the lock on our door and had to call for maintenance. Maintenance did come but then we continued to get calls and knocks on the door from other maintenance personel asking we needed our toilet fixed, etc. This did not sit too well with me. I would recommend this hotel, however, do think it is a bit overpriced. The concierge service could have been more helpful and friendly. I loved the gardenia candles throughout the property.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>TXBusinessTraveler
<Content>Not up to the standards of most Ritz hotels I have stayed at several Ritz properties around the US (Pasadena and Key Biscayne are the most recent) and this Ritz doesn't even come close to the standards of most Ritz properties. I checked in to the hotel at 5:30pm and was told that I would have to wait while my room was being cleaned. Ok, isn't check-in at 4pm? Granted I only waited about 20 minutes but at 5:30pm that's totally inexcusable. Supposedly the hotel provides nightly turndown service and I was there three nights. Of those three nights I got that service once. The final day at the hotel I went to get ready only to find that the maid had not left any washcloths. Coupled with the fact that the service in the bar and restaurant is EXTREMELY slow, I would never spend the money at this property again. The rooms are very average, just about the same as staying at a Hilton Garden Inn, but at three times the price. The entire staff was friendly, but definitely not as attentive as you would expect from a Ritz Carlton property.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	2	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>balimontana
<Content>Ritz is best hotel in New Orleans I've stayed at the Ritz Carlton New Orleans approximately 15 times during the past six years and some of the stays have been long duration visits. My most recent stay was in early April of 2008.The hotel is well located on the edge of the French Quarter a 3 minute walk down to world famous Bourbon Street and all the attractions of this historical gem of a neighborhood. The lobby is casually elegant with a terrific New Orleans style courtyard perfect for enjoying morning coffee or evening cocktails. Bellmen and valet car service are quick and efficient in a typical Ritz Carlton it's my pleasure sort of way.Rooms:Rooms are vividly decorated in what could best be described as an Uptown New Orleans Garden District motif. Southern, traditional attractive and functional with dark wood classical furniture. Most rooms are amply sized and very comfortable. All bathrooms are carrera marble and very well appointed with Bulgari bath amenities.The Executive Suites are well worth the extra money for a great deal more space with a seperate living room and guest powder room. Desk size is adequate for a work station and internet service is rapid. The executive suites exude a cozy comfortable residential feel. Nothing spectacular nor unique in terms of design nor decor but they are comfortable. As of my last stay in March rooms had not yet been updated with flat screen tv's but IPOD docking stations had been added and in-room coffee makers were recently added too.Beds at the Ritz Carlton New Orleans, as at all Ritz Carltons now, are a lavishly luxurious experience with no expense spared Frette linens, feather bed underliner and a thick feather duvet. Crank the airconditioner because this bedding is heaven but not very suitable to a hot and humid climate such as New Orleans.If you have the budget for a very special experience, the rooftop Ritz Carlton Suite is hands down the finest suite in New Orleans. Simply stunning and well worth a splurge for a very special occassion. I had the pleasure of staying one night in this suite prior to Hurricane Katrina in 2005 and was awed by it's beauty and the spectacular French Quarter view. Wow!Dining:As I used to live in New Orleans and have many friends and business associates there I rarely dine inside the hotel. Room service breakfast is good but service times can vary from rapid to quite slow. The room service menu is good and the quality of food is always adequate.The French Quarter Bar offers casual New Orleans specialties at Ritz Carlton prices. If you've lived in New Orleans you can find better Cajun and Creole cuisine for a much lesser price.The fine dining venue I beliece is still called Victors. Perhaps they have changed it's name. I've only dined at this venue a couple of times and both experiences were excellent. New Orleans abounds with terrific dining options full of character and world class cuisine making it difficult to justify staying in the hotel for dinner.Spa  Gym:The Ritz New Orleans spa is a gem. Terrific spa menu, great facilities and a top notch massge therapy staff. I've always had world class treatment when indulging at this spa. The gym is small but perfectly adequate.Please note - the Ritz Carlton does not offer an outdoor pool!Overall I can say with authority that the Ritz Carlton New Orleans is the best luxury hotel in the city. Having lived in New Orleans from 1992 to 1999 I know almost all of the hotels and none of them compare to the Ritz favorably in terms of facilities, service and atmosphere.For those of you like myself whom are loyalists to the Ritz Carlton chain be forewarned that the Ritz New Orleans does not offer service levels on par with other propeties in the chain. Sometimes the phones are not answered quickly and sometimes not at all. Sometimes the staff are a bit slack. Housekeeping is not top notch as in other Ritz Carltons. You are visiting New Orleans, the city that care forgot and culturally it is a relaxed city. Sometimes staff fail to excersize common sense as during my last stay when I accidently passed a $100 bill to the receptionist to change for smaller notes. Turns out this bill was a counterfit. What did the hotel do? Notify me directly of course?? No, they called the police and I was accosted on the street regarding this petty incident. As a well known guest of the property I was appalled that this happenedWould this have happened in another Ritz Carlton with a better trained staff? I should think not. But hey, it's New Orleans and silly guest service errors do occur with much more frequency than they do at other Ritz properties.Overall, this is the best option for anybody seeking a luxury vacation in New Orleans or a first rate business hotel with all the amenities. Enjoy making it your home in New Orleans!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>RoadTrippr
<Content>WOW-I love this place This hotel was very nice. I was there on business for four days. The rooms are just beautifully decorated. Bathrooms are hip and up to date. The rooms were clean and the staff was friendly. I was not super impressed with the food from room service. I thought the food was average but priced too high (even for room service). I also don't understand why the less expensive hotels can provide internet service for free, but the more expensive end hotels charge you an arm and a leg to access high speed internet. If memory serves me correctly, I believe they charged $12.95 for 24 hours of internet access. It really should be free. I also was a little irritated that the entire hotel is on satellite instead of cable. It rained for several hours during my first day there and the television reception went out. What makes this hotel so very nice, is that you feel at home in your room. It is very much like sitting in your living room. The sofa chairs are comfortable and the beds are amazing. The ATM is kept in a secret room near the reservation desk. This is a great safety feature because someone has to let you in for anyone to access the ATM. You feel very safe getting money out of the machine. Really, really nice stay. It has earned every one of it's stars!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Grinadam
<Content>Very nice classy hotel Spent several weeks off and on in New Orleans this past winter often staying at the Ritz Carlton. Wonderful service and fine rooms. The club level is quite nice with great food and drink spreads. The clientele are a bit older and the atmosphere is a bit stuffy, but you kind of know that going into a Ritz, although they are working on redoing all of that I guess. Overall great location right off Bourbon street and wonderful staff. They regularly opened up the gym for me after hours so I could get a work out in. Good people, and I'll be back.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hliss
<Content>Nice stay, but..... First, I'd like to say that this was a lovely hotel, and despite its shortcomings I'd consider staying again if the price was right. The public rooms were lovely, guest room was attractively decorated, bed and bedding were luxurious, nicely designed bathroom with luxurious toiletries. However, there were some issues that came up during our stay that surprised me, given that this hotel is part of the Ritz Carlton chain. The first thing that we noticed upon arriving is that the hotel is a bit difficult to navigate. Partly this is because this is an older style building, but partly because there are 3 hotels sharing the property. Upon entering it is necessary to take an elevator up to the 3rd floor to check in. This elevator only services the first 3 floors. Then it was necessary to transfer to another elevator to reach the rest of the hotel. Given that I was there for a conference, it was necessary to constantly transfer between elevators to get where I was going. This wasn't terrible, just a bit annoying. Even more annoying was that the elevators indicated that the spa was on the 4th floor. Upon exiting, there aren't clear instructions on where to go. If you are lucky, you will eventually find your way to another set of elevators which you must take to the first floor (this is not indicated anywhere, you just have to figure it out). I saw several families hopelessly wandering the 4th floor, asking in exasperation where the spa was. Second, the guest room itself was not maintained to a standard I'd expect for a Ritz Carlton. The carpet had multiple, dark stains that have clearly been there for a long time. The sink was really slow to drain, the faucet leaked, the shower drain was broken, and it took 5 minutes of running the water before getting hot water in the shower. Again, these are not huge problems, just surprising for a Ritz Carlton. Even more surprising was the inconsistency in housekeeping. On the first day of our stay we did not receive daytime housekeeping - they just never came. And it's not as though we were in the room all day either - in fact, one of the housekeepers, who was working on the room across the hall watched us leave (and just as an aside, she didn't greet us at all). Luckily our bed did get made up and our bathroom tidied by the evening turndown service. On one night we received chocolates at bedtime, but the other 2 nights we did not. On the last night of our stay we came back to the room in the evening to find the radio blasting on a rock station. Although I know some hotels turn on the radio to a classical music station or play a relaxing CD as part of the turndown service, perhaps this person did not understand that concept. Finally, the hotel food was quite disappointing. We ate breakfast in the restaurant one morning and found the food to be mediocre, but the coffee was awful. I have to say that the conference food wasn't bad, and the coffee at the conference was much better than at the restaurant. On the last morning of my stay I received a copy of the bill for express checkout, but no instructions on how to do the express checkout. When I contacted the front desk the woman I spoke with said that she would check me out, and told me that she would send me a copy of the zeroed out bill via e-mail. It never arrived. On the bright side, most staff were friendly and helpful, the fitness center was well-equipped, and the spa was fabulous. The location of the hotel was also good - right on the French Quarter, but across the street from the Central Business District. There is also a streetcar that runs on Canal Street in front of the hotel. Just as an aside, we did not drive, but my understanding is that the parking at the hotel is extremely expensive, and for those who value a pool, there is no full-sized pool at this hotel, although there is a small exercise pool in the fitness center. Would I stay at this hotel again? I'd consider it if the price was right, but honestly I think I'd be inclined to try one of the other hotels in the area.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>missmc123
<Content>Ritz New Orleans, overlooks the small stuff I have stayed at this hotel twice after Katrina ,and I think that the Ritz is not as great as everyone says. It is beautiful with a lovely lobby and public spaces, but the attention to detail in the housekeeping staff is disappointing.Not once were the toiletries replaced over a 3 night stay and neither was the coffee and water. Even after we requested specifically more coffee and bathroom supplies, only a few bottles of shampoo, etc arrived. no soap, no coffee. Our friends, staying in a different room never got chocolates or newspaper in their rooms. Yes, it does sound petty, but i guess it is still the little things that count. I do think i would stay there again, because the price is right at $179 a night, but it does make me think twice about staying at La Quinta for 1/3 the price.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>vanem1
<Content>A very nice stay My wife and I spent four nights at the New Orleans Ritz Carlton over the Memorial Day holiday weekend. The room had a nice view over the garden court, was very clean and nicely appointed. Ask for a room higher-up to avoid street and party noise.  The staff was extremely courteous and helpful. On check-in, we were offered access to the Club Lounge at no extra charge - very worthwhile for picking up a cup of coffee and a small treat. The hotel is well-situated. It's not in the French Quarter (which can be very noisy) but within a relatively easy walk. There always were plenty of cabs to take you to more distant locations (or if you don't feel like walking in the sometimes oppressive heat and humidity of New Orleans). Sunday brunch at Melange is expensive - $39 - but offers a wide assortment of tasty items, including sushi, prime rib, an omelette bar and loads of other items. It's worthwhile if you don't plan on eating again until late in the evening. The bar scene at Melange can range from quiet and intimate (on Wednesday night) to boisterous and crowded (Saturday with two weddings and a convention at the hotel).WiFi is expensive - $13.00 per day. If you have a wireless data card, this is a good place to use it. Had access on ATT, but had problems on Sprint. This is a great hotel and we plan to return.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>wrldtrvl08
<Content>Almost a wreck I was the Maid of Honor for my best friends wedding and had booked around 29 rooms in the Ritz. Us bridesmaids had spent hours making up some very nice gift bags for wedding attendees which also contained directions to the wedding! The Ritz staff assured me that all the gift bags would be delivered 2 days prior to the wedding. The afternoon before the wedding it was brought to my attention that no one had received a bag. An employee by the name of Johanna assured me it would be taken care of immediately. At about 130 am I phoned the hotel operator because the bags still hadn't been delivered. She informed me there was no manager for that shift and she would have someone call me back. A very nice young lady named Jenifer returned my call within a matter of a few minutes. She introduced herself as Loss Prevention but would be the acting overnight manager and assured me once again this matter would be taken care of. I was skeptical..about 10 minutes later, Jenifer called me back. She explained that only 10 bags remained and she had no indication of who received what. She offered to photocopy the directions and include a nice letter offering those who didn't receive a bag to pick it up at the front desk. Jenifer put that under every single guests door in the wedding party and literally saved us from having a disaster. She also put together two very extravagant gift bags for the bride and groom and delivered them herself to the room. If it wasn't for her actions noone would have made it to the wedding on time or at all. Unlike most of the other employees we encountered she was the only one who was truly concerned about our issue. We almost lost faith in the Ritz but thanks to one employee..We will definitely be returning!  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Maureen_Vancouver
<Content>Ritz It Up The Ritz Carlton in New Orleans is well located on Canal Street, bordering the French Quarter. It is about 2 blocks away from the beginning of Bourbon Street, short walks away from many historical sites and it's near the street car stop you take to ride up St Charles street into the Garden District. The room on the 7th floor we had was very spacious, tastefully decorated and clean with a king bed. It didn't have a view; but we didn't ask for the more expensive room that had views. Although the shower pressure was very low, the bathroom was stocked with a nice brand of soaps/shampoos/lotions. The staff are friendly but make sure you ask the concierge when you have a question about anything outside the hotel as both times we asked something of the person at the front desk, we were given the wrong information. Another note: if you leave a beverage bottle in your room that isn't completely full, it will be thrown away by the housekeeper (we lost 2 large bottles of fruit drinks that were 1/2 empty). The only time my husband and I ate at the hotel restaurant was to have appetizers but the food was really good and not too expensive. ( I had crawfish quesadilla that came in 4 slices and was really tasty and filling for about $15). I noticed a sushi cart set up every evening in a lobby area by the restaurant/bar. The restaurant has live music and the night we were there, 2 famous local musicians showed up to play with the jazz band.The hotel lobby offers complimentary lemonade in the afternoons. It seemed that the check-in counter located on the 3rd floor usually had one person working so service can be a bit slow. If you park a rental car in the valet parking lot it will cost you $32 a day. Overall, the hotel was a great place to stay. It's quiet and very pleasant.I will write other tips on New Orleans in different reviews about the city and restaurants.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>lagniappe34
<Content>Fabulously Elegant Retreat This was just a magnificent stay. We go to New Orleans about once a month and just decided to stay at the Ritz. We booked a room on the Club Level for one night, but ended up extending it for 2. We arrived at night and were a little tired. We entered the typical Ritz entrance but the Club level is quite a confusing way from the main entrance. The first time was a little crazy, but after a the first walk-thru it was fine. I can't say enough positive things about my stay there. Gracious and lovely are just the most appropriate way to describe it. The building is a beautiful Grand Dame. Elegant in every fashion. Beatiful floral arrangements at every turn that lightly scent the air. Books available to peruse while you enjoy a cocktail. I felt like I was staying at an elegant BB without the forced friendly-ness of being in someone's house and sharing meals. The room was lovely. Very English country. I loved it. The bathrooms were fabulous and they provided Bulgari products, which I love. I absolutely loved the room. The Club level provided 5 presentations a day and by the time we arrived it was just savories and cocktails, which was fine. However all the presentations were great. We would get coffee, tea and a light breakfast and really be good for the rest of the day. We could come back in the afternoon for a cocktail and snack before heading out for dinner. We actually saved money on food. The quality was fabulous and the portion sizes were right on - just little bites. Not enough to fill you up, but enough to curb the appetite or get you going in the morning. The hotel provides a complimentary Mercedes to shuttle guests from place to place. We really prefer to walk and take the trolley but we did utilize it for a ride to Emeril's and Adubon Park one early morning. The service was lovely. It was friendly, yet restrained.   We typically stay in another hotel, but I believe this will be our new Crescent City standby.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CoriBrynn
<Content>Loved the Ritz! Great lobby bar We stayed at the Ritz just for the weekend and I wished we had more time. i thought the location was very convienent to the French Quarter and Bourbon Street. The Garden District is either a 5 min cab ride or you can take the street car, pick up is very close to the hotel.I have to say the best part of the hotel is the lobby bar where they have a Jazz trio playing and great drinks. The nightly entertainment was also great in their restaurant Melange.The room was very big for a older hotel and the bathroom was very posh.Only drawback was the elevators. They seemed to take forever and were always crowded.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Launa123
<Content>Wonderful Employees I visited this hotel because of the wonderful reputation in my city (New Orleans). I decided to take my bridal pictures in this magnificent hotel. The employees were so considerate and helped us find locations within the hotel to take the photos. I had my grandmother with me and she was starting to get very over whelmed with the walking around so she sat in the lobby. An employee came to her and noticed she was fatigued and gave her a bottled water and asked her if she needed anything to let her know. After we were finished the pictures I sat down in the lobby next to my grandmother along with my mother (we were worn form the photos and walking through this massive hotel) the same employee who offered my grandmother a water came back to give me and my mother a bottled water also. Not only are they wonderful inside the hotel but the valet parking guys were awesome too. My mom forgot her jacket in the lobby and before we took off he came running out to give my mother her jacket before we took off in the car! Wonderful employees and a beautiful hotel! Kelly Lynn  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PD2K
<Content>Good but not great My wife and I spent New Year's Eve here. It was a good hotel (probably the best in New Orleans), but not as great as the other Ritz Carlton properties I have stayed at. The rooms were comfortable. The location is on Canal Street - the outskirts of the French Quarter. If you are here on business, then this is a great option. If you are here for fun, I would recommend something closer to the heart of the French Quarter.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	2	4	5	4	4	

<Author>crmills74
<Content>Lacking attention to detail that Ritz Carlton is known for. I have been to several different Ritz Carlton properties and this was far by the worst. We arrived there about 10pm and ordered room service because we were so exhausted. The crabcake sandwich that was supposed to contained jumbo lump crabmeat tasted like a crabmeat flavored bread sandwich. I requested for my sauce to be on the side and they did not bring it at all. Breakfast the next morning was no better. They did not bring salt and pepper or sweeteners for the coffee. When I called down to tell them, it took 15 minutes for someone to bring it up. We also requested our eggs to be scrambled soft with cheese and they were hard and cold. In addition, we left our room to go sightseeing at 10am and when we returned at 3pm, our room had not been cleaned. When I called housekeeping I was told that since housekeeping hours are from 8am to 4:30pm, they still had an hour and a half to get to us. When they finally did clean our room, it was a shoddy, rushed job. The housekeeper left dirty towels in the bathroom and did not replace the wastepaper basket in the room. As we were leaving to go to dinner, several members of the housekeeping staff gave us very dirty looks. I am by no means wealthy but I stay at places like RC and Four Seasons because I know the value of good customer service. Like another reviewer mentioned, the best person there was the concierge, Rudolph(Rudy). He spent a lot of time trying to get us dinner reservations although it was next to impossible due to Tulane's graduation. My husband and I are supposed to come back in July to stay there the day before our cruise, but I think we will be spending our money elsewhere.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	5	4	1	1	

<Author>Jolly_Mon
<Content>Fantastic Experience!! Without a doubt, my stay at the Ritz Carlton was a memorable experience. I have nothing but high praise for the hotel staff which went the extra mile to ensure my stay was a pleasant experience. From valet service to the front desk to cleaning staff, everyone was extremely professional and courteous. My room was always clean and I was provided with extra toiletries in case anything was forgotten at home. The hotel itself is in excellent conditions and is conveniently located on Canal Street near the French Quarter, the Louisiana Superdome, and the Mississippi River. This makes it perfect for any activity you might have planned. If you plan a visit to the Big Easy, take a look at the Ritz Carlton.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LNBASSOC
<Content>Oh my...so glad we returned! My husband and I went for his b-day in March,'07 and took another couple with us to celebrate. From the moment we arrived at the Ritz Carlton it was HORRIBLE! We had booked the 2 rooms over a month in advance and had requested rooms be located near each other. When we arrived in the afternoon the front desk said the rooms were not ready yet and that it would be an hour or so. We said that wasn't a problem that we would go to the restaurant and get something to eat, and before going made sure they had our request for rooms near, not connecting, but near. We were assured that they would be. Off to the restaurant for a late lunch - had problems with getting the right order and then asked for the check to be split down the middle - we eventually did the simple math for our young server. Back to the desk for room keys - you guessed it - 4 floors apart! OK - we are adults so we went on. We didn't have any serious complaints with our room but our friends' room was dirty, had a leak in the bathroom, and problems with H/AC. Despite all of the problems we still had a great time in NOLA.We filled out the customer survey as we departed and completed it with constructive criticism. A couple of weeks later we received a letter extending an offer for a free weekend stay if we would give them another chance of providing the service we had expected from a Ritz Carlton. The other couple did not complete the survey and did not receive the offer.We decided to return for hubby's b-day again this year and invited the same couple. They said they would never spend another dime there! I talked them into giving it a try - it couldn't be any worse than the last time and we still had had a great time.From the moment we stepped out of the cab, BEFORE they knew who we were, the treatment and service we all received was SPECTACULAR! The rooms were lovely, housekeeping fabulous, food and beverages in the restaurant or from room service - great.We are all so happy to be able to report that this beautiful hotel is back up to par. NOLA is still having problems in having enough staff in the hospitality venues. Please give them a chance to provide that fabulous New Orleans Experience!  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>LisaandJoe
<Content>Exceptional service Exceptionally friendly and courteous service. Great location for visiting French Quarter without being in the middle of it. Room clean, spacious and fantastic amenities in bathroo.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chefhelen
<Content>Unbelievable, Magical I have nothing but good stories and memories from the week that we spent at the RCNO. The staff, from the moment we pulled up, were unbelievable. They welcomed us with a welcome home that was sincere, warm and kind. The bellstaff helped us find interesting places to eat that were off the beaten path and never failed to ask us where we had been. The Food and Beverage service was nothing short of STELLAR. One dear woman got us front row seats for the jazz band that was playing and then came and got us from the courtyard when they started playing . The Food and Beverage Director got us the Chef's table for our anniversary and it was AMAZING. 15 or so courses and none of them anything but superior. We stayed in a regular Ritz room and in the Maison Orleans. Wow, the regular rooms are nice, but if you have the cash, stay in the Maison Orleans. Talk about being taken care of! Wow!Personally, with our experiences there, I think if someone didn't have a good time, it's because they chose not to.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>ProfessorFluffNDust
<Content>Lovely hotel We had reserved a room at the Iberville Suites which is attached to the Ritz-Carlton, however, upon check-in we were notified that our room was in the Ritz-Carlton. The hotel itself is very lovely and the staff was quite attentive and friendly. Our room was spacious, however, housekeeping seemed to appear irregularly and quite late in the day, which was a little inconvenient. The hotel bar is nice and had some very good jazz bands playing. The layout of the hotel is somewhat annoying. We had to take multiple elevators and stairs to reach our room. Being in the heart of the French Quarter, we were somewhat surprised at the absence of street noise. However, in the room adjacent to ours we heard a lot of noise from the children there, so if your neighbors are noisy, you will hear them. I had left some luggage in my car and when I went to where the valet service had parked it, my car had been left unlocked. The valet area is accessible from the sidewalk, so you may want to be sure your car is locked after it has been parked. Otherwise, the valet staff was friendly and attentive.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	1	

<Author>Wanderkinder
<Content>Blemish to Ritz Carlton name We had stayed at other RC properties in the US and abroad and always had stellar experiences. We were shocked when we had nothing but problems with our stay at the New Orleans property. Prior to our arrival they did not respond to emails with questions. Upon arrival, there was no porter, no doorman. At check-in the unfriendly staff sent us off with no more than two words and sent us to the wrong room. Breakfasts were a disaster as they just started rotating in new staff who kept giving us the wrong information and were running into one another. The dinner we had there on Christmas was either bland or overly salty. Every day of our stay was another incident. At check-out there was a problem with the charges and the staff was visibly pissed-off that she had to make adjustments.The only good experience we had was our interaction with Rudy, the Concierge. We had been wary that service would be sub-par because it was the holidays, but never expected it would be so bad. It has been over three months since our stay and after many emails to different departments, we still have not received any response for the problems we had, including the incorrect charging at check-out.We'll unfortunately have to think twice about patronizing another RC hotel in the future.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>Jon-Eric
<Content>Very Pleased First of all with so many negative reviews to sort through I was really having concerns about staying here; however, for $131.00 for a Deluxe room how bad could a Ritz Carlton be, so I booked it and had a wonderful experience from start to finish.I normally prefer smaller hotels and inns, but this was the exception and as I stated for $131.00 I could easily overlook a few little less than perfect aspects, but fortunately there were none! The staff are truly stand outs, they really are. The Concierge staff could not have been more helpful and warm and that was true of every staff member I encountered during my 5 night stay.Concierge staff always available and with great suggestions. Housekeeping never let me down. Check in and Check out was a breeze and very cordial, very welcoming and appreciative. The Ritz Carlton Mercedes was HUGELY convenient when not wanting to walk back after dark from an iffy neighborhood the car was there within 15 minutes. The room was certainly large enough and clean, I was never without towels and toiletries. The bath mat was missing when I checked in, but that was rectified within minutes. The decor was a touch on the modern side but certainly tasteful. The King bed was comfortable as were the temperature controls and other fixtures. The welcoming candys were a nice touch. The lobby smelled wonderful and the courtyard was a nice place to sit and read in the afternoon. Melange was very nice, I really only had breakfast there but it was perfectly fine on the days I was there and the fact that it opens at 6:00am or 6:30 VERY convenient. The Petting Zoo was a big hit with the kids staying there and I have to admit thats a FIRST in any hotel I've ever stayed in before LOL. The Chocolate extravaganza was VERY tempting on Easter Sunday, oh God they had EVERYTHING imaginable in the world of Chocolate for guests to enjoy. I dipped a few strawberries but then fortunately I had to leave for a Plantation tour or I could've really done some damage there LOL. Yes, the lobby is in the 3rd floor which is odd, but you get used to it pretty quickly. I had no trouble finding the back exit onto Iberville street so as to avoid Canal. I really had no issues during my stay. I really think Katrina played a major role in a lot of the negative reviews here; it affected almost every single hotel's staffing abilities, but I think now thats starting to turn around. I noted that some people seemed to prefer The W, oh dear God, I hope it wasn't the W next door to the Windsor Court b/c when I visited that particular W it had all the charm and warmth and looks of an Office Depot! The Windsor Court however while it looks fairly modern on the outside was gorgeous on the inside. I also had some wonderful meals at Stella, Broussards, and I always enjoy the Jazz Brunch at the Court of Two Sisters. Oh and Cuvee was also superb as was Peristyle.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JPax
<Content>Better than ever This was our first trip to New Orleans since Katrina. We had stayed at the hotel two times before the hurricane. Our previous experiences were mixed. One visit to Maison Orleans and a second visit to RC. Service had glitches.This visit was fantastic. The rooms and service were exceptional. We were on the Club level and felt surrounded by staff ready to please. They were especially nice to our English Bulldog and two children. Our requests were always met with a smile.The food presentations were of a very high quality. The food through room service was VERY good.The only drawback is sketchy housekeeping. Our room was always very clean, but our need to have turndown or cleaning at specific times were ignored. We asked for cleaning in one of our two rooms while we were out. When we came back an hour later, nothing had been done. This was very inconvenient as we were moving our dog between rooms so she would not intimidate the housekeepers.I attribute this to lack of personnel in the service industry post-Katrina.I would return to this hotel without reservation.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Just_Cambridge
<Content>Great staff but inconsistent attention to detail My wife and I stayed at the Ritz near the end of March and had a mixed experience. My wife labeled it marginal/unacceptable, while I found it annoying, but nonetheless had a great time in a lush, relaxing environment.On the plus side is the fantastic staff. They seem genuinely interested in personally making your stay as welcoming as possible. Everyone greets you, everyone asks if there's anything they can do, even the bellman who happens to be on the elevator you just got on. They are unfailingly polite, without slipping over the edge to smarmy or obsequious. On the minus side is the inconsistent attention to detail. While the problems were minor, there were a lot of them. It took three days to get correct newspapers delivered, and then again wrong papers were delivered a few days later. The coffee filter wasn't cleaned from the previous guest, and for the last two days, the coffee supply wasn't replenished. No washclothes on the last night. There was a complete service melt down in the restaurant Saturday morning. The room could have been dusted and vacuumed more completely. The wrong car was brought down from valet parking.These aren't the sort of problems one would expect at a Ritz, let alone so many of them in one stay of 8 nights. Once called to the staff's attention, everything was made right, and one of the front desk staff seemed to make it her personal mission to get the newspapers right. In all honesty, we had gotten an extremely good rate on Expedia, and if I had been paying close to standard rates, I might have been as unforgiving as my wife.If you talk to anyone in New Orleans, you learn that recovery has been slowed for a number of reasons, including the fact that the labor pool has shrunk so much that it's difficult to hire for almost any job. One has to believe that this factors into this Ritz's inability to maintain a consistently excellent level of service. But this is what New Orleans 2008 is. You can walk out the door of the Ritz, turn left, be on Bourbon Street in two blocks and enjoy yourself as if Katrina never happened. Or, you can turn right, walk 6 or 7 blocks and find a tent city of people living under Interstate 10. Missing newspapers and coffee seems a small price to pay to be able to visit in welcoming luxury, while helping the rebuilding with your tourist dollar.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	2	2	4	3	

<Author>November14
<Content>Great hotel, specifically the Club level Ritz Carlton, club level (the Maison Orleans). Very nice hotel, nice staff. The rooms were a little small, but that is to be expected in such an old hotel. The bathroom was large though, with a soaking tub and separate shower. The room had floor to ceiling windows, a very comfortable bed, and a fireplace (although I don think it was a working one). The club level has a 24 hour butler, 24 hour room service, and 5 free small meals a day that are put out off the lobby area. It was nice to have the breakfast, appetizers, and desserts there everyday. There is also a drink area set up 24 hours a day, with plenty of varieties of wine, bottled water, soda, teas, etc. We did a lot of walking around town, and having the drink station always available when we left or came back was nice. The club level has its own valet area and back door straight down the elevators, which was very handy. It was a few blocks further than a lot of other hotels, but that was nice in a way too. A bit less foot and car traffic to deal with around the building. Although there are tons of very quaint, small hotels in the FQ, I personally like staying at chains were I know what I am getting into and I know it will be clean and updated. I don like ustic?at all. I believe the club level building only has 70 rooms, so it is smaller than a normal chain hotel. It was a splurge, but to me it was well worth it. We spent more time than planned in the room, because of the NCAA tourney on TV, but that worked out fine, it was a great room.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>macwetherbee
<Content>Pretty good The location is perfect. It is on Canal Street just of Bourbon Street. With all of the stuff going on all of the time in New Orleans (not to mention during Mardi Gras weekend), the hotel does a nice job of facilitating fun activity outside of the hotel, while maintaining a subdued, sophisticated, and calm atmosphere inside the hotel. The rooms are nice (and some are much bigger than others), and the concierge was very helpful. The front desk left a bit to be desired (one of our rooms was not ready by 8:00 PM). The jazz inside the hotel is very good, although it would be nice to have more dining options. Overall though, you're in New Orleans to experience other things than the hotel itself, and it provides a nice and quiet (although fairly expensive) base from which to plan and begin all of these other activities.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	4	4	

<Author>noc0375
<Content>Friendly, Elegant, Comfortable, Delicious and More! Upon our arrival by taxi at the Ritz-Carlton in the French Quarter my wife and I were greeted by the hotel manager, who welcomed us to the hotel, handed me a valet ticket for our bags, and personally saw us upstairs to registration. There, we were welcomed once again by a young lady who asked us to accompany her upstairs where we would register. As we walked, she told us that we had been upgraded to the Club Level, and would be enjoying some very nice amenities. She was right.One thing we noticed about the entire staff at the Ritz-Carlton throughout our stay is that from the maintenance staff to the management, everyone looks you in the eye, greets you, and makes sure that you feel welcome.Our check-in on the Club Level was so quick that I can barely remember it. Our room was a wonderful surprise! The bathroom was large and elegant, with marble everywhere. We enjoyed a few relaxing baths in a very deep tub, large enough to comfortably hold two people, and deeper than any tub that wee ever found in any hotel. It wasn a Jacuzzi type tub, but that really didn matter. There were two large candlesticks and bath salts that made for a very relaxing experience. There is also a menu of romantic baths available from the hotel for an even more special experience. Two comfortable robes were put to good use during our stay. The marble shower had an adjustable spray and enough pressure for our comfort. The bath was stocked with everything you might need, including a makeup mirror, clean glasses, comb, Bulgari soaps and hair products, and even a scale (which we totally ignored), and even a telephone. A nice touch was a volume control within reach of the tub, for music played from the radio or your own CD.The room was spacious enough so that we never felt crowded, and was thoughtfully equipped with luggage stands, a desk with a table-high outlet and optional hi-speed Internet, a wall safe in the closet (keyed ?not combination), clock radio with iPod connectivity, a good cable television selection, a radio/DVD combo unit that supplies music to the bathroom if desired, a sitting chair, and an ironing board and iron. All of these things translated into a most comfortable travel experience. The room comfortably held a king-sized bed with a canopy, desk and nightstand, library shelf with hard-bound books, a faux coal fireplace and dresser. I very critical of hotel beds, but fell fast asleep at the Ritz, and woke up feeling refreshed. Simply put, our room was quiet, comfortable and luxurious.We missed the evening turndown service on our first two nights, because we were in our room showering and getting ready to go out for the evening. On those nights, we did get a fresh bucket of ice from the ladies doing the turndown service, who obviously didn want to intrude on our privacy. On the nights that we were out of the room, our ice was filled, our bed turned down, a bed-time story (interesting local-color stories) placed on our pillow, and two delicious wrapped chocolates placed on fresh drinking glasses. The Club Level also has private elevators to take you to the ground level at the rear of the hotel and onto Iberville St at Dauphine St., where you step into the heart of the French Quarter.24 hour room service was available, but never needed. The Club Level provided delicious food and drinks throughout the day ?including: breakfast, lunch, afternoon tea, Hors Duvres at dinner, and desserts and cordials in the late evening. Wine, soft drinks, tea  coffee, and cocktails were also available. The quality of the food on the Club Level was superior. It really a terrific convenience as well. We were attending a convention, and were on the run for most of our time in New Orleans, so we found the immediate availability of terrific food to be an indispensable amenity.Thanks to the entire staff at the Ritz-Carlton New Orleans for a wonderful visit, and for making us feel at home. We don know why we haven travelled like this in the past, and can imagine that we won in the future.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sangeria
<Content>Great Weekend at the Ritz My wife and I we're in New Orleans last weekend for a work event and were lucky enough to stay at the Ritz on Canal St. The location of the hotel is very convenient...right on the edge of the French Quarter and a few blocks up from Bourbon Street. The room was very nice and the hotel amenities were first class. The spa at the Ritz was great and the deep tissue massage was very good. My wife really enjoyed her Hot Stone Massage as well. The fitness facility was great...lots of cardio machines and good selection of free weights and weight machines as well.In terms of entertainment we LOVED dancing and listening to Jeremy Davenport...he is not to be missed. The staff at the Ritz were courteous but not over-friendly...which is what we found in NOLA in general. We were'nt blown away by the southern hospitality that we were expecting. Rather we found people to be curt and sometimes rude...but we were on vactation so we didn't care. The one exception was the front desk person who, upon our arrival, worked really hard to find us the best room possible. We told her it was a special date for us and she sent us chocolate covered strawberries up to the room with a nice, personal note. That alone really made me appreciate that we were staying at a first class place. Next time we go to New Orleans we would be sure to stay at the Ritz again.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>Phillychic
<Content>Most reviews are right on regarding problems I have never been to a Ritz before but I have been to many Four Seasons so I expected the same type of hotel and service. It is uncanny how many of the reviews on this site are right on when it comes to problems with this hotel. Check in was probably one of the best things we experieced. After reading alot of horror stories, I was prepared to encounter problems. But we checked in early at 11am and there was no problem. The hotel lobby was nice but the fact that you must take an elevator to the lobby from the ground floor and then switch to the room elevators was annoying, espcially since the elevators were slow at night. The lobby was all marbe and pretty. THe atrium adjacent to teh lobby was nice.Our room was 508-it was on one of the lower floors that overlooked the atrium. The room was not big. When you walk in you have a hallway with a closet and the bathroom and then you enter the room. The bed was comfortable. The atrium was loud at night and kept me up for awhile. Our room only had one trashcan which is what most reviewers complained about. when i read the complaint i thought it was a trivial problem but I realize now how annoying it is not to have a trashcan in the bathroom. Surely, a ritz could afford two trashcans. Also, there are no pens anywhere. THere are tons of pads of paper but no pen to write with (another common complaint on this site). Our phone in our room did not work-we had three of them and they were all out. Also, our TV did not work for most of Friday day when we wanted to watch basketball games. The gym was ok-each machine had its on tv but the reception was poor and maybe 3 channels came in. The weight roomwas subpar and I actually hurt myself on a piece of equipment that was not working properly. The service in the hotel is horrible. Our room service took 2 hours to come and when it did our lobster bisque was cold! We complained and they did comp us that which they should have. Maid service was not existent. The maid never came Friday at all. Turndown service came when we were out after 9pm and removed all of our towels but did not replace them. We came home to zero towels. We did not even have a washcloth to wash our faces. It was ridiculous. Also, they left dirty glasses and an empty pretzel can form the mini bar out. It was horrible. Of our entire stay, maid service never came in to clean our room-we only had turn down service and then had to ask the maid in the hall for towels. This is unacceptable for this kind of hotel. On Saturday night, some shady business was going on on our floor. SOmeone rapped on our door 3 times. When my husband went to answer it he saw a gentleman that worked for the hotel walking down the hall. He later saw him rap on another door and exchange something for a large wad of money. THis is shady business and we felt very unsafe not to mention being woken up in the middle of the night.New Orleans in general has not recovered. The cab scene is horrible. Unless you are on Canal street it is impossible to get a cab. We were in town for a wedding and had to wait 40 minutes every night to get a cab back to the hotel. This is not right.We had a discount to stay at this hotel for a wedding block. If we had to pay the regualr rate I would have been livid. I am never going back to this hotel ever.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	4	1	1	

<Author>BostonLegal
<Content>Solid I thought this was a great hotel. The hotel is elegant (for New Orleans) and the staff is very friendly. The rooms were clean and the housekeeping was attentive. The room service wasn't so hot, but you're not in New Orleans to eat at the hotel. The bar had nightly jazz but the service was weak. The waiters had a difficult time deciphering our beverage orders. The concierge was very helpful. He arranged to have a local wine shop deliver us some very nice wines at good prices. Good stuff. I'd go back.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>MelissaL81
<Content>Girl's Weekend! A few college friends decided to return to the New Orleans for a girl's weekend February 29-March2. It was my first trip to New Orleans since Katrina. We picked the Ritz because of a great rate ($200 a night) that my friend who is a lawyer got through the American Bar Association. One of the girls I was with also owns a timeshare at the Ritz in Aspen.The Ritz is a lovely hotel on the edge of the French Quarter in New Orleans, about ten blocks from Harrah's and right on the trolley line. It is a great location. The hotel itself is very nice. The lobby is on the third floor which is somewhat strange. There is lovely decor and a nice courtyard area with tables for drinks. The restaurant was very good and the bar offers great live music. It is a very traditional Ritz.However our stay at the Ritz was plagued by many problems. They first put us in a room where we unpacked, and then went to lunch at the hotel. While eating we see them rolling away our luggage. They were moving our room because there were two people who had reservations with the same last name and they had given us their room. However, they never called us to tell us, and they left all of our unpacked belongings in the other room. It then took them a few hours until they had another room ready for us. Additionally, we after the mix-up we asked them to confirm our reservation and they only had us in the system for one night when we had a reservation confirmation for two nights. Also, they told us they would give us our first night free because of the mix-up but it never got into the system so we had to fight with them on checkout because the same people were not working. They did give us access to the concierge level for our trouble and that was very nice because we had lovely breakfasts and lunches and appetizers in the club for free. The rooms were fine. There was not a large assortment of toiletries but the ones provided were nice, Bvlgari. The towels were not very soft. One night they forgot to give us soap and we never received turndown service.All in all we had a good weekend, but I was disappointed with the service and the Ritz in general. I feel like I would have preferred to stay in a more average hotel with less of the hassle.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>BossElf
<Content>Not perfect, but still great I stayed for one night at the Ritz at the end of January for business. The location is great if you need to be near the central business district but close to the French Quarter as well. The hotel has a bit of an odd layout, with the motor entrance one level below the lobby, and finding the back door to get out to the French Quarter can be tricky. The hotel interor is elegant and impeccably maintained. Lovely flowers. I do agree with another commenter about the overwhelming scent in the lobby-- it gave me a bit of a headache. The good: friendly, professional service. The concierge was particularly helpful-- called Galatoire's for me, and walked me halfway there! The food and drinks both for room service and in the bar/restaurant were great. The restaurant is interesting in that it tserves some of the best dishes from famous N.O. restaurants, so you can eat all around town in one place.The bad: slightly understaffed, definitely not up to Ritz standards. It took a while for check-in because the front desk could have used an extra body.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>NJ Family Traveler
<Content>Ritz Carlton - 3 stars When: Feb. 10-14 for business conferenceWho: 40+ something First stay at a Ritz Carlton hotel and to NOLAHad rental car------------First impression: Impressive hotel (entry on street level requires an elevator ride to front desk and second bank of elevators to get to rooms), lovely live fresh floral arrangements throughout (but aroma was overwhelming at times). Check-in: Smooth, no problems.Room: Two full-sized beds, very large room, plenty of closet/drawer space. Bathroom: Very nice, marble, doored toilet area, large tub, showerhead - oversized but not very strong, toiletries were by Bulgari (very nice scent) but skimpy for 2 people. Towels were very nice, thick. Housekeeping - Below par for this kind of a hotel (examples: fresh flower in vase in bathroom on shelf was a nice touch but not when the dead petals remained on the shelf for 2 days, double rolls of toilet paper but only one was replaced?, didn't show up on last night at all until we called for fresh towels at least [they did make up the beds]. Stopped providing chocolate square after first night at turndown service, not sure why? Room seemed clean enought but not immaculate or attention to detail I expected.Service - all service people were friendly and helpful, deferential in a non-condescending way. Concierge made good recommendations for restaurants and reservations. Received faxes with no problems, and rental car was brought around promptly whenever requested (but watch out for the $32/day charge for valet parking - OUCH!!).Location - Great, very close to French Quarter and beginning of Bourbon St, but hotel was very quiet. Fronts Canal Street (close to many restaurants, shops and galleries (trolley/bus stop directly across the street, and cabs were always available out front).Other amenities - outdoor courtyard with tables and chairs (very nice). Conference services were well done (lots of food and refreshments always readily available, good quality). Were always welcomed back upon returning for the day.Main floral display by front desk was changed to all red roses on Valentine's Day (day of our departure) - very beautiful!Restaurants: Must sees: K. Paul's Kitchen, Pat O'Brien's piano bar and Acme Oyster House (for local cusine) and Mena's for breakfast (local joint, very reasonable).Would stay here again at conference rate of $209 per night, would not pay more. Came after Mardi Gras and left before NBA All-Star basketball event.Loved NOLA - great city that is making a comeback after Katrina, gentle local folks and felt safe walking through the French Quarter, to the riverwalk, Harrah's Casino, etc.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>stevenets
<Content>Motel 6 service with Ritz-Carlton prices For $450.00/night, I would expect much better service than I received during my four-night stay at Mardi Gras.The housekeeping was what I would anticipate from a Motel 6 -- not a hotel with the reputation of R-C. Management should take most of the managers who walk around the hotel in their three-piece suits greeting guests and have them assist the housekeeping department.Each day, I had to call the front desk to request that my room be made up -- and that was with waiting until ~4:00 - 5:00 PM.Pathetic.There's a better chance that I'll be the Grand Marshall of the Zulu Parade next year than that I will ever return to this hotel.Bad riddance!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	4	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>siestaclaud
<Content>Loved the location at the Ritz! We are just back from a 3 night Mardi Gras stay at the Ritz on Canal in New Orleans. This is a beautiful property that is very secure and in a perfect location to enjoy all the fun of Mardi Gras and the beautiful city. First the positives. We were on the parade route with a view out the front window onto Canal. The hotel provides you with a wrist band to show so that non-guests are not allowed in. We saw several people being turned away at the door. We liked that security was tight. The lobby is on the 3rd floor and you have to change elevators to get to the room floors. Added to the security element I guess, but it was a little annoying. Our room was ready at 3 PM as promised although we saw many people who were waiting well after 6 pm for their rooms. Our king room was not big - and the bath area is completely seperate - which was nice but it makes the room feel even smaller. The room decor was identical to that pictured on the website. The bedding is very nice with a feather bed on the mattress - comfortable! Our one window was large with a great view of Canal St. There is a TV, mini bar, large desk and a comfortable chair. Plenty of drawer space for a long stay if you need it. Bathroom amenities were Bulgari. The room and carpet were very clean - even the outside windows had been recently cleaned! The entire lobby smelled of fresh Gardenia - ahhhh and the lobby floral arrangements were stunning!Cabs are not plentiful in New Orleans right now. We had trouble getting cabs more than once. We managed one to Commander's Palace for Sunday Brunch, but we never even thought to ask him to return to get us. We ended up walking all the way back to the hotel (almost 3 miles) which wasn't a bad idea after a big brunch - but I could have used other shoes to make the trip! One cabbie told us there are only 1/3 of the cabs left in town that were there before Katrina.The Ritz is a 1 block walk to Bourbon St. It is on the very end of Bourbon, which is a great location - still on the outside but close enough. It seems as though most of NOLA is headed in a positive direction. Once again we were treated to great southern hospitality and met very friendly people. The staff of the Ritz was pleasant, but not overly stuffy. My guess is that people who have negative opinions of the service here are used to getting fussed over a bit more (spoiled?). We saw a nice demonstration of that at the front desk as a man threw a fit that he needed help with his bags immediately because his private jet was due to leave asap! Whatever dude! We found the service to be excellent - especially during the busiest time of year. The hotel was spotless and if you weren't in town to celebrate Mardi Gras this would be the place to stay - it was downright quiet even though the hotel was very full.I would stay here again if the price was right, but I don't know if I will ever find the great deal that we had again!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>puilam
<Content>Great location, standard Ritz.       View of French Quarter and the River from Rm.1144  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>CSCFBahamas88
<Content>Great Hotel, ok service The RC New Orleans is really a nice hotel which sometimes is hard to fine in Orleans. The Windsor Court and the W's and a few others a much better. The hotel has a big new orleans feel but the service was a little lacking at times. Our main complaint was when we came into our room, there was glass broken on the floor and my mother cut her foot on the glass. We asked housekeeping to come and reported it to the manager. No one came up and the manager did not do anything for us. Finally housekeeping came and cleaned the glass that was embedded in the carpet. We also had some engineering problems with the internet and tv which the engineer had no clue how to fix, he just played around with stuff, (pretty much what we were doing before he came up) He told us he didnt know how to fix it and he left. No one ever followed up. So we had an ok stay but we wouldnt return due to the service.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	2	5	2	4	

<Author>piatty73
<Content>Stay on club level Maison Orleans We always stay at the Maison Orleans which is the club level of the Ritz. Since our Amex amenities include breakfast and one lunch we eat those meals in the Ritz restaurant. The breakfast was ok and the staff tries hard but if you have a dish problem it will take way too long to have it fixed. The lunch we had was delicious but again when we asked for an addition to our soup and it was cold by yhe time we received it.The Maison has personal service and the staff is very good. We enjoyed the 5 food presentations and the open bar with champagne, it is worth the extra money.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pboat
<Content>Very disappointed Great location for business and French Quarter. Nice facility but service and cleanliness were sub-par. The staff was very friendly but not helpful. My incoming fax laid on their fax machine for 7 Hours. Only after I had them check and re-check did I receive it. My parcel was never located again until I persisted that it was there. Then the return to me took weeks. Room was nice but not so clean. I requested a pen which took all day, They did not restock coffee bar, then no coffee mugs when they did. I did not expect to have to request a new bar of soap each day either. Previous guest toothpaste on bath counter was final straw to motivate this review. Left it there all three days I stayed. That is just plain gross!Three weeks later I stayed at the W on Poydras. Now that is a Hotel.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	-1	2	2	2	

<Author>Greetings_from
<Content>Not Great We stayed at the Ritz-Carlton December 21-23, 2007. It is a lovely hotel and a great location, but the opinions noted from other Trip Advisors must be true--many reported that the service was not up to Ritz standards. I have to say, this is my first time staying at a Ritz-Carlton hotel--although we do tend to stay at more upscale hotels--and I agree the service and the accommodations were not great. What was Not Great:The beds were not made very well. Which seems like not that big of a deal, but it makes you wonder what other short-cuts were taken (like...were the sheets really clean when we arrived?). We also had a huge fiasco with the bell desk and it took our luggage more than two hours to arrive at our rooms--turns out it was really a problem with the front desk. Room service also took an extremely long time to arrive. To add to the frustration, the buttons on the phones were not programmed properly so when I called the bell desk, in-room dining would answer (which sort of worked out since we had a problem with that too!). Even though we all can sympathize with the issues that have arisen because of the Katrina, for a first-timer like myself, it is tough to consider staying at the Ritz-Carlton anywhere based on this experience.What was great:The lounge called The Library. Very nice place for couples to go, relax, have a drink, and listen to music. My husband also had a cigar, so be aware if you don't like that sort of thing (although it was well ventilated and I was not bothered by smoke at all). The hotel was also decorated beautifully for the holidays. It even had full-size Gingerbread house that my kids just loved (so did we)!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>bradley_nyc
<Content>Nice hotel but staff was inattentive Nice hotel...not outstanding as you would expect or want a Ritz to be. Room service coffee in the morning was an adventure each day of week........no cups or one cup; stained blanket (that's a little gross); house cleaning was subpar,  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	5	2	5	2	2	

<Author>KateJ8
<Content>The good, the bad, and the frustrating. First impression for our Dec. 23 check in was very good. The Xmas decorations were very elegant and special, and yes the scented candles are fantastic. $26 will buy you one. The lady who helped us get in the elevator to the 3rd floor check in area was a delight. The girl at the front desk asked me upon check in if we wanted a room on the upper floors or lower floors. I explained that it didn't matter, but what was important is that we had a room close to an elevator as my elderly Mother has trouble walking. Needless to say room 635 was at the absolute farthest distance from the elevator. I was going to go back down, but Mom said it was OK, as long as we walked slow. The room was really very good looking, big and comfortable. We did notice that there was only one garbage bin that we kept moving in between the bathroom and living area. Shampoos, robes, etc. were great. Pads of paper were near the phones, but there were no pens. Breakfast the next day was absolutely one of the worst experiences I have had in hotel eating. Other guests were walking out in disgust. I thought perhaps it was because it was Xmas Eve and who do you get to work. But where was the management. They had enought staff, they were simply incompetent. I never take it out with a bad tip, but this time, I just couldn't leave one dollar. T.J. the bartender was very friendly and made great drinks. We enjoyed it there. Concierge service was completely acceptable. Room service was quick and had a nice presentation. Housekeeping was just a bit below average. Our coffee service was not replenished so I had to call. Instead of bringing the regular cream, etc. a girl brought up powdered cream and sugar in a plastic cup. Also, we had to call every night in order to have the room cleaned. If you don't call, it won't get done until 10pm. Often we returned to the room at 6pm, and nothing was done. Glasses were not replaced so we had to wash them. The TV selection is not good. No Food Network, Travel Channel. Friendly - friendly staff, great ambience, but honestly not worth the money per night for a 4-5 star.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>jannerbird
<Content>would stay again Just returned from a long w/e stay at the Ritz New Orleans and had a fantastic visit. We have stayed in other 4/5* hotels in or close to the French Quarter but found the location of this hotel suited us better being on the outskirt. The hotel staff were extremely friendly and professional. With it being the Christmas period, the hotel was decorated beautifully with gorgeous smelling gardenia candles burning all the time creating a very welcoming scent. Our room was great as were the Bulgari bathroom toiletries which unlike other hotels were replaced as we used them. The only downside (which is very slight and I'm being extremely picky) is that our towels weren't replenished at night. One night during the turn down service the towels we had used in the morning were taken away and not replaced leaving us with no towels. Housekeeping turned up 5 mins later with fresh towels. No big deal.The concierges were super and gave us some great recommendations for where to eat - one being 'Stella!'. A must for anyone and best restaurant we've eaten at in some while. Personally, we thought it was worth the money. For our next trip to New Orleans, we would most definitely choose the Ritz.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>houston_travel_gal
<Content>Not a luxury hotel When we checked in, they did not confirm the bedding selection. I had failed to notice on my email confirmation that it said one king size bed despite the fact that I had requested two beds when I called to book. Oh well, that was no big deal. The hotel lobby was nice; it smelled wonderful with candles burning and fresh flowers everywhere. The location was great, especially once we determined how to use the back entrance so we would not have to walk down Canal Street at night. When we returned to our hotel after lunch, our room had not been cleaned. I called housekeeping, and they said they would send someone up to clean it. Well, an hour later, someone arrived. The housekeeper failed to leave us a bathmat, so we ended up using a handtowel as a bathmat. Also, the chair in the room did not have a lamp nearby, and there was not any overhead lighting, so I had to open the blinds to read the complimentary newspaper. Also there was not a table next to the chair, so my beverage had to be placed on the floor. While the hotel was acceptable, it was not even close to meeting my expectations of a luxury hotel.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>GreatBlueFish
<Content>Overall, enjoyed the stay Booked two rooms, one room with king bed and one room with two beds. When we arrived at the hotel (around noon) the double bed room was available, but the king bed room was not. We were offered a room that was ready with two queen beds; rather than wait for the king bed room, we checked in. We found out they were actually two full size beds, slight error on part of reception desk representative. One room had a great view of Canal St, although the noise from parties on Bourbon St was relatively loud at night. The other room had a roof view. Both rooms had wonderful towels, nice bath products, four bottles of complimentary water and coffee. The rooms were clean and smelled very fresh. The feather beds were comfortable. One bed was missing its top sheet.The hotel appears to still have service issues. I called the Operator several times (1) they forgot to deliver my newspapers two mornings, (2) the complimentary shoe shine was very late in returning my shoes, (3) our rooms werent cleaned until very late in the day-after 4pm, (4) to book a spa treatment, (5) wake up call, (6) car valet. Every time I called the Operator, the phone rang at least ten times, often fifteen times or more.The hotel was decorated with an incrediblely large gingerbread house and santa. Coincidently, when I was walking through the gingerbread house, I overheard santa mentioning that he earns a whole lot more money working at the Ritz then any other gig. The breakfasts in the morning were pleasant, although very expensive. Coffee is $6 a cup, likewise with orange juice. Service was professional throughout the hotel, housekeepers seemed to always offer a friendly greeting. The men's spa was nice, although not that large.The library bar room was a very old traditional room with many leather bound books where it was relaxing to enjoy a beverage during the day.Overall, I would probably return to this Ritz Carlton, although it isnt at the four or five star level.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>RosieMcB
<Content>Will be back We recently stayed at the Ritz Carlton for one night, pre-cruise.We were extremely happy with our stay. We are a family of 4 and we had a huge room with two king-sized beds. The layout was such that each bed had its own tv. The marble bathroom was enormous, as well, and we experienced no lack of soap, towels etc. From the room, we had a wonderful view of the French quarter, the Mississippi and could even spot St. Louis cathedral.Front desk staff was courteous and efficient. The bellmen were particularly friendly and helpful.My only complaint is that we were travelling on my sons birthday and I had pre-arranged with the concierge to have a birthday surprise awaiting him upon arrival in our room. I was disappointed that this never happened. Even still, I would not hesitate to stay at this Ritz Carlton on a return trip to NOLA.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>NavTrav
<Content>hit or miss at the Ritz I've stayed at this Ritz twice in the last 2 months now. The first time was average to good. Staff was great.The second time was borderline awful. Check-in was a total fiasco. Once in the room, as I was taking a shower the heavy tub faucet handle fell off into the tub onto my foot.I called down to let them know, and they promised it would be fixed very quickly. I told them I'd be gone for 4 hours for work. When I returned, 4 hours later, it was still broken! I also found out that 3 of the other rooms that I had booked for that stay had similar issues. No soap in 2 bathrooms, another handle falling off.I guess their excuse is that its still hard to get quality people to work in the hotels in New Orleans, but if thats the case, then don't reopen your whole hotel till you're ready! Especially if you're the Ritz, and have a (undeserved) reputation as being the best!I had booked 12 rooms, and you would think that would mean something to a hotel, especially if they are still trying to get people back to New Orleans. Unfortunately, the only person at this place who cared was a junior manager who did his best to help out, after the assistant GM totally dropped the ball.Would look elsewhere.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	5	4	1	2	3	

<Author>jdeadly
<Content>Agree it was somewhat disappointing The Ritz is a beautiful hotel, however I agree with others who feel that the service is not quite up to the standard you would expect at the Ritz. We were not greeted upon our arrival by a bellman nor were we asked by the front desk upon checking in if we needed assistance with our bags. The housekeeping was spotty. Dirty glasses were left behind and not replaced and although the room was cleaned at some point after 2 pm, we were not provided with a complete set of fresh towels until some time after we left to go out for the evening. I was told by American Express that our room package included a continental breakfast. Neither the front desk nor room service knew anything about this. We were told that someone would call us back after they looked into it, however we never received a call. So we decided to order room service for breakfast . They ran out of the type of bread ordered and instead of calling, just replaced it with something else of their choosing and also forgot a glass of juice which they charged $5 for. Not terrible however when paying $80 for breakfast for 2 - I expected better.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pritiwoman_7
<Content>VIP Treatment My husband and I stayed at the Ritz-Carlton for one week - Oct 2nd-9th. From the moment we arrived we were treated like VIP guests. I found the hotel to be lovely in decor, the staff was very accommodating and always went out of their way to make us feel welcome.  We ate breakfast at the hotel daily and thought it was delicious. We were particulary impressed with Myrna who was the hostess who seated us daily. She was the perfect person to encounter at the start of our day! We also took advantage of room service which was efficient and offered a good variety in meal choices and tasted good too! I enjoyed using their fitness room which had a resistance pool that was fantastic - I told my husband that I want one for home.  I noticed that one of the reviewers wrote about housekeeping staff and theft. We used the safe in the closet, and did not encounter any such problems. But if I did have a complaint it would be in the housekeeping area. The morning staff seemed not to have a good sense of when to tidy rooms. During the first two days there when we returned to our rooms (after 3pm) our room was still not cleaned. Naturally, I called to complain and I received an apology and the issue was resolved. That being said, it was an overall excellent experience and we plan to return.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Nupester89
<Content>Somewhat disappointing for a Ritz I just returned from a trip to New Orleans and was somewhat disappointed by the Ritz Carlton. I can't say that anything especially bad happened to me when I was there, it's just that the service was not up the Ritz standards. I travel a fair bit for work and usually stay in Ritz Carltons and Four Seasons and I like this hotel less than any other Ritz I've stayed in. I thought the decor of my room was pretty horrifying. There was dark Victorian-looking wallpaper with matching drapes and near matching comforter. Suffice it to say that it was not my thing stylistically. Also, there was hair on the shower walls in the bathroom (not a lot but enough to make you wonder about how thoroughly the rooms are cleaned). The service was pretty good but just not as crisp as a typical Ritz. For example, when I called down to get my car brought up the morning of my departure, the attendant's answer was gotcha covered. I didn't think that was especially appropriate. Finally, once I got downstairs 10 minutes after calling, the car still hadn't been brought up. I had to wait another 5 minutes. Maybe that would have been understandable if it was busy, but this was 5am and no one was around. Until I find a better hotel in NO, I'd probably stay there again but would certainly lower my expectations.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dinerosdeb
<Content>Ritz NOLA: I shall return! I have traveled the world and I have to say that the Ritz New Orleans is the most amazing hotel in which I have ever stayed. Everything was perfect. The rooms were remniscent of Marie Antoinette. Had a canopy above the bed  loaded with pillows. The bathroom was all marble, clean and not lacking for any item you could possibly think of to pamper you.The Club Floor Lounge was designed to emulate a Garden District home. Just amazingly beautiful! And, the staff of the Lounge and the concierge staff were so helpful and friendly I didn't want to leave. I will return to New Orleans and will definitely return to the Ritz New Orleans!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sgbslo
<Content>A good stay We stayed at the New Orleans Ritz Carlton while in town for a wedding. We arrived at nearly 11pm having flown in from France. The doorman greeted us cordially and said he'd have our bags sent up. Check-in was courteous and quick. We got to our room and bags arrived just moments later. The room was nice with the typical Ritz Carlton traditional decor. Our room looked over the courtyard. We were extremely tired and sleepy but when I went to the bathroom to brush my teeth etc I noticed there was no soap. There was shower gel but no bar soap. Neverless I was so sleepy I didn't even call about it. The next morning I did let them know and we quickly had soap. The only meal we ate at the hotel was breakfast which was fine except it was very expensive but that's typical for hotel breakfasts.I used the fitness center just for the treadmill and it seemed fine. This was not the most extraordinary hotel stay I've ever had but it was pleasant and I would not hestiate to stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>YatGirl
<Content>Deceptive Facade As a treat to my husband for his 65th birthday, we booked a long weekend stay at the Ritz in New Orleans. Upon arrival, we were awed by the beauty of the lobby; however, the staff were a bit cold and stand-offish to guests. The stay went downhill from there; the housekeeping staff pilfered through my personal effects; I noted missing makeup and perfumes, not to mention some of my bracelets and rings were discovered missing, as well. I contacted Risk Management and the Management at the hotel directly, but they noted that they were not liable to missing items of this nature and a claim was denied. Warning - Do Not Stay At This Hotel...You can find much better accommodations elsewhere at the Omni Royal Orleans, W New Orleans (both quarter and on Poydras), and Loew's. Ritz, you have a very deceptive facade and you are not the top dog any longer!!!!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chrisv999
<Content>Adjust Your Expectations - Service is not Ritz Quality I recently stayed at the Ritz for a conference for three days. On the positive side, the rooms were very nice, the hotel is beautiful and it is in a great location. I also got great tips for the concierge who was extremely helpful and friendly. There were a few minor room problems with the bathrooms/airconditioning.The general service is horrible. I ordered room service the night before for an early breakfast but it never showed up. The next day i ordered a smoked salmon bagel and got a bagel with no salmon. My wake up call never happened. They screwed up my reservation and kept trying to come into my room during an important phone meeting because they thought i was checked out! The people in New Orleans are great but the hotel management at this hotel has clearly not adequately trained their staff.I would NOT recommend this for a business traveler since things like wakeup calls and on time breakfast are vital.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	5	3	3	1	4	

<Author>UNTom
<Content>Superb Upon arrival at the RC we were greeted by warm and helpful staff. The hotel is very clean, secure, and our room was a great value offering great views of the Crescent City, with very nice furnishings. The restaurants on site, and the bar were all superb. Canal St has experienced a transformation to 'clean' with new palm trees lining the street. The French Quarter is likewise far cleaner than in past visits. The Big Easy is ready for tourists and some great deals can be had. My room which was ordinarily $279/night was discounted $110 per night. If you like a great location, upscale rooms, and at reasonable prices then this is a must try hotel.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ScubaA
<Content>Pleasant Stay We arrived with some hesitation at the hotel at 5pm on Sept. 19. I say this because many of the reviews I had read were that the service and check-in were poorly handled. We were very pleasantly surprised. The valet took our luggage, key exchange, and had us in the door in less than 2 minutes. There we were greeted by a lovely lady who escorted us to the 3rd floor check-in. She announced our arrival to the desk, wished us a good stay, and asked if she could help us in any other way. The check-in took about 1 minute with no mistakes. Our room was nice - not the best I've ever seen - but very nice. We looked out to Canal Street - no noise except a siren once or twice. The room could stand some updating, but this is a city still needing its tourism to return. The streets were bustling, but not crowded. We ate at Melange in the hotel and loved it. Overall, this was a great stay. Nice facilities and prompt, courtious staff. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>flyingCapnFA
<Content>"So-So at Ritz"       room 824  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>dividesbyzero
<Content>Worst Service Experience Ever - Awful, Terrible - As if they don't want my $$ As a travel agent, I called the hotel directly as the prices seemed reasonable. I also booked a day at their sister property - Iberville to check it out with my wife.I was told I'd receive confirmation by email, which I did receive, confirming my rate and dates. I then booked air fare and excursions. I was told if their was any challenges, I'd know in 24 hours or less. 2 weeks later, I got an email from their Director saying they never got my information - I had fax confirmation that they did, but I resent it anyway. They said it was not sufficient, canceled my reservation and changed it to a full price room (which was only an 80 dollar difference originally, but tried to raise the rate by 280/night as the rates had gone up). Said that if this was not sufficient I'd simply be on the street - we'd have to go elsewhere . I said, It's only 80 bucks/night and you are ostracizing a loyal, wealthy customer and a travel agent - we are even considering a Ritz for our wedding that is less than a year away. They said this was corporate policy and nothing could be done. I called to speak with the VP who called me back a week later and had an attitude - again, she was the one who said it was policy and nothing could be done. Though I was upset, it even seemed like they were happy to stick it to me - I could feel them smiling to themselves. It felt like this guy's going to give me attitude...I'll get him...he he. We've canceled our whole trip. I've been treated better at a Motel 6. I don't work at a hotel, but my Ivy League education and business background suggest that in a depressed economic area, at a hotel known for one thing - service - that perhaps not earning an extra 80 bucks is a good idea after you hear that customer say I'm giving you an opportunity to make this right. If not, I will hit every travel blog in the United States and share what you've done to me. Amazingly, there is no need for exaggeration here - this is understated. They've lost at least 100 grand in this lifetime from my family alone, perhaps more. I encourage you to not get tricked by the initially reasonable rates this hotel baits you with. There are better, smaller hotels, like the W, Harrahs, Intercontinental and boutiques that wish to earn your business. Absolute worst experience I've ever had.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>twomadness
<Content>Tale of Two Cities The Ritz Carlton in New Orleans is by far the worst Ritz Carlton I have ever stayed in. The rooms are sub-par and the spa is AWFUL!!!!!In terms of the spa, the people that work there have no idea what they are doing. Furthermore, the spa is disgusting and deteriorating. DO NOT use the spa, go to a third party location.The best thing about the Ritz is the bar/restaurant Melange. The music is great and the decor is fairly nice.The only reason I stay at the Ritz in New Orleans is because of its location and it is fairly cheap. I might as well stay at harrahs...its worth the gamble...literally and figuratively.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KJR0711
<Content>Retreat from the storm of the French Quarter I was recently in New Orleans for a bachelor party, and I found myself without a room after a set of unusual circumstances late at night. I recalled seeing online that the Ritz was a great deal, and I inquired there. The front desk was tremendously helpful and had me in a room in a matter of minutes. After checking in, I stopped by the lounge to see the music, and the staff there was also especially friendly. The room was to great, and the bed really eased my splitting headache (I was there for a bachelor party, so the headache was certainly going to develop.) The next morning, i had a nice breakfast and took the longest shower of my life in the huge bathroom.It is hard to imagine someplace so gentile being so close to the madness that is Bourbon Street. Everything in the hotel appears to be up and running, the staff is thrilled to serve their guests, and there are great deals to be had. If you are looking for hotels in the Quarter, pay just a little more and stay at the Ritz. You'll be glad you did!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Louisiananative1
<Content>THE BEST HOTEL  I just wanted to leave a note to all those travelers who actually use this site. The Ritz New Orleans is by far one of the nicest hotels in the world, and truly the best New Orleans has to offer. As you can see it continually garners wonderful reviews from guests, and that person who wrote the review about it being dirty or horrible clearly had no idea what they are talking about.On cleanliness, you cannot get cleaner in the city of New Orleans. As a native, I have seen most of the other hotels in the city and they were updated years before Katrina, and they have still yet to recieve a facelift. The older hotels have a distinct smell of must, which is completely absent from the Ritz. The lobby and common areas are always gleaming and smell of wonderful gardenia candles that are burning 24/7. The most important feature however, is the utterly gracious and friendly staff who are willing to go the extra mile for you.I want to correct something another post says about moving the lobby to the third floor because of Katrina. Again as a native and having stayed at the Ritz before Katrina want to say that the lobby for check in has always been on the third floor. The lobby you enter from canal or from the valet area has always been the arrival lobby, and the third floor lobby was for check in. The hotel looks exactly the same as it did before the storm, the only changes are that Jeremy Davenport now entertains in the Melange restaurant, and the French Quarter Bar goes largely unused, I believe due to the crowds that flock to see him, not the storm. Although the Ritz was closed for a year and a few months after the storm, the damage was largely in the basement, and computer related.Hope this helps!!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Memphistraveler
<Content>Awesome time at the Ritz My husband and I just spent a long week-end at the Ritz-Carlton in New Orleans to celebrate our birthday. We got a great deal on the room ($116 per night) and everything about the property was fabulous. From the personal welcome in the lobby (we're still not sure how the gentlemen knew our name when we came up from the first floor to the third floor to check in!) to the conceirge who called all over town to every place we had visited on our first day trying to find my lost cell phone to the BEST facial I have EVER had in the spa to our final check-out; it was a perfect trip. The beds, linens and Bulgari bath products were divine and I was surprised that the bottled water, coffee and tea in our room were complimentary as well as the use of the fitness ficilities.The entire hotel was spotlessly clean and smelled divine; it was a really clean smell and surprisely, when I asked the fragrance, it was Magnolia. Very southern and normally I wouldn't like such a sweet smell but this was really different and I had to buy several candles to bring home. I've been reading about a shortage of quality employees in New Orleans and the only time I noticed a shortage was in the fitness center my first morning. I had to go find someone to help me hook up my headset to the treadmill as no one was around when I arrived. Other than that one experience, all the employees were perfect Ritz-Carlton employees and I always love the My pleasure response whenever I request something.This was our first trip to New Orleans since Katrina and we have always loved the city. With the exception of a few construction areas and the absence of the St. Charles Trolley, we really didn't notice much of a change in this great city. It's hard to beat New Orleans for hospitality and southern charm! One of our best meals was at a little restaurant, Elizabeth's, in Bywater. We took a cab Saturday morning and had breakfast and it was incredible! Their praline bacon alone was worth the trip! I highly recommend this little spot for breakfast or lunch. We did Sunday Brunch out on the veranda at the Columns Hotel on St. Charles Ave and it was a perfect New Orleans experience. The oak bar was neat and my husband enjoyed watching the British Open while we waited for a table. The beautiful oak trees and the gentleman playing the piano were awesome as were the Bloody Marys!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Star2
<Content>Great Stay Once Again Well once again,I am not sure what everyone finds wrong with this hotel.Went to New Orleans on buisness for one night last night and found everyone at the Ritz to be charming and incredibly helpful.Had a very large room with nice city views.The room was clean and had very nice linens and beds.It was really quiet and safe.Had an awesome Crawfish Omelette in the restaurant with chicory coffee which I love.In the city?Give it a try Its a great hotel.Oh and Commanders is open again,like they never even had a storm.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>luvtotravelsc
<Content>Loved the Ritz Carlton We stayed at the Ritz Carlton Club Level in March, 2007 - 3 rooms. It was everything we expected and more. My daughter, who is also well traveled, was even impressed with the room. She and her college roommate - although both just 21 -- were treated with the utmost respect that all Ritz Carlton guests receive. The Club Level snacks were always delicious but after eating in all the good New Orleans restaurants we could not do them justice. The Club Level Concierge was extremely helpful as were all the employees. I never saw the housekeeping staff but the room and bath with soaking tub were always spotless.We never felt fearful on Canal Street but we did not walk there much. (Walked to the Palace Cafe restaurant one night) Canal Street has always been a little sketchy so a little common sense is needed.I've stayed many places in my 55 yrs. and this Ritz is one of my favorite hotels. The lower lobby had not yet been redecorated after Katrina so it will be exciting to see how everything looks upon our return.,  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Liztoybiz
<Content>Took it easy in the Big Easy We just returned from visiting the Ritz for our 20th anniversary. As I'm originally from Pascagoula, MS, I was anxious about seeing how New Orleans was rebuilding (lives as well as buildings). Many thanks to all of you who posted encouragement to visit, you were right...it welcomes visitors with open arms. I'll try to be concise with my info, so here goes.Where we ate: Breakfast at the Club Level-light stuff, fruit, berries, etc. which was good, considering our other meals.Lunch-Masperas (sp?) one day as I was scouring the city for a soft-shelled crab po-boy. Hot and hungry, settled for a shrimp sandwich (po-boy like, but on a bun) and it was good. The line outside cracked me up-all these cranky and hot people waiting to get in-you feel like you've won the lottery to get in AC.Other lunch-New Orleans School of Cooking which is in the quarter, 2 1/2-3 hrs., good food, very entertaining. Loved their jambalaya, bread pudding and pralines but the gumbo was just soso as they had to make it in less than 4-6 hrs. Dinners-the hotel restaurant. Crab trio was great, filet with crab was good, hubby's was so bad he had to complain (very unusual as he'll eat most anything). Great jazz band in there, preceded by a female singer who was also good. Also went to Commander's Palace. The BEST service I've received that I can remember, ever. Very reasonable ($39 for appetizer/entree/dessert!)-started with the waiter's suggestion of crawfish something-it was divine. Hubby said the turtle soup was good, not great. He regularly eats it at the Brennans in Houston which he prefers. Entrees were soft-shelled crab prepared with some other stuff-I'm sorry I can't remember. The crab was very good. DH had a fish dish that had crabmeat which he loved. The dessert...I truly have never tasted better cheesecake in my entire life! They make their own cream cheese! Hubby had the praline parfait but couldn't stay out of my cheesecake. We had the rest wrapped up to fit in the little fridge. It was that good. The hotel: Smells WONDERFUL! Beautiful flowers, great service (although they forgot turndown both nights), nice bathrooms with separate toilet area, nice furniture in the rooms, and frette linens!!! Slept like a baby... Other things we did: lots of walking around, antiquing, looking at art, took a nice carriage ride and got to see a funeral! You must see a New Orleans funeral! The band plays jazz (happy or sad, depending on the direction they're going) and the mourners follow it, carrying umbrellas. It was so moving, we got out of the carraige to pay our respects. I know this probably doesn't sound very action packed to most of you, but we really needed to relax this weekend. We did walk around with a 'hand grenade' which was a green drink in a silly glass. Thats always fun. And we spent Sunday morning watching Nadal beat Federer...again! Thanks for reading and please don't hesitate to visit NOLA. Yes, its hot (just like Houston), and yes, some areas you don't want to venture down-like empty streets, but we truly never felt unsafe. Oops, not so concise, but I tried  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>alexismath
<Content>Ask for Randolph in the restaurant!!!       The Ritz  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Aldo_Nola
<Content>Post-Katrina Comeback! We booked a Club Level Room via AmEx Platinum. Paid $269, which included breakfast and lunch in addition to the free cocktails, champagne, wine and snacks in the club lounge.The physical facility is absolutely first class. Our room was classicwood and green tones, with an amazing bathroom. Bed was very nice, with soft linens and a down mattress cover. The room was nicley sized though not huge. Room was quiet.The public areas were outstanding: freshly renovated and sparkling clean. We heard blues, cajun, and swing bands at various times in thebars and restaurant, all outstanding.Food was good, but not great by New Orleans standards. Throughout the hotel, service was just okay...the staff seemed to try hard enough but lacked polish and that efortless sense of grace I have seen at other Ritz properties as well as Four Seasons. I suspect theywill acquire this skill as the gain experience.I HIGHLY recommend the Club Level. The snacks and drinks are well done and a bargain. The private lounges are beautifully done with just the right amount of privacy.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>robfo
<Content>Excellent Service We just returned from a wonderful Memorial Day weedend at the Ritz, May 25-May 27. The staff was very friendly and curtious to us. Our room was very comfortable and the bed was heavenly. We were in a basic room with a view but they (the maids) came in every night to replace the towels and turn down the bed. My wife and I both had spa treatements-excellent service and relaxing atmosphere. Be sure and use the special shower in the spa but have the staff show you how to adjust the water temperature. We did not eat at the Ritz but enjoyed drinks there every evening. They have outstanding entertainment. The Sunday buffett looked great!! Jeffrey the Bell Man almost runs the the hotel and knows about everything in and around the hotel, ask for him. We enjoyed New Orleans very much and felt safe the entire time. We are in our late 40s and were out till 2 or 3 am every night.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RedSabre
<Content>Ritz Carlton New Orleans, Back in the Swing of Things My husband and I stayed at the Ritz Carlton the last weekend of April, 2007; we were in New Orleans for Jazz Fest and a reunion of college friends. We'd stayed here before, but not since Katrina.I was happy to see that while the city has a long way to go to recover, the major tourism venues were in good shape and doing brisk business. The Ritz was no exception. We had an immaculate and spacious corner room on a high floor, which offered views of the French Quarter and Canal Street (though I could have done without the Canal Street noise at times). Ritz bedding is magically comfortable and luxurious, and were it not for lots of activities planned, I could have whiled away hours in bed. The marble-clad bathroom was cool and clean, though it did take a while for hot water to make it to our shower.Service was generally excellent, but there were a few lapses -- no turndown service one night; no corkscrew to open minibar wine bottles. I'm willing to forgive quite a bit, given how hard it's been for many New Orleans business to retain good employees, but I really didn't have to. In fact, some service, such as valet for our rented car, was better than before.While I personally like the hotel's location -- I'd rather be on the edqe of the Quarter than in it -- it's clearly not for everyone. And recovery has not quite reached Canal Street beyond the Ritz. However, if you stay on Canal between the hotel and the river, and stay in the FQ, you'll be fine.One final thought: I HATE to be cold. And while I could keep the temp in my room just the way I like it, the hotel corridors seemed like an absolute icebox to me (and we had a long hike, since our room was as far from the elevator lobby as possible). Since I routinely carry a pashmina with me when I travel, I often had it with me when going out to dinner, as restaurants seem over-air-conditioned to me as well. I'm actually glad I had the wrap to get from my room to the outside as well!Other than that -- a great hotel experience in a recovering city.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>donnadidit0306
<Content>The ritz on canal street what a terrible location and an equally horrible hotel, the rooms were dirty, the service was terrible, the best part of the trip was when we left and flew back home  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>vamp823
<Content>The Ritz on Canal Street My friends and I stayed at the Ritz Carlton on Canal Street in New Orleans. It is 2 blocks from Bourbon Street...walking distance. It is in the French Quarter and a safe area to stay. The lobby has been moved to the third floor due to the damage Katrina caused. I have to say, the hotel is still as luxurious as ever and the service excellent. We booked four rooms, so I had te opportunity to see the differences in our rooms. Our friend's rooms were extremely spacious, with high ceilings and double beds. The room we chose was a garden view with a king size bed. Now, I have to say that I have never stayed in a hotel room with a bed that was so comfortable. We ordered room service, which was available 24/7 and the food was great. The muffaletta turkey sandwich was huge and the pizza was more than enough for two. The Ritz has the BEST restaurant. There is a live jazz band every night and the place gets packed. The food was delicious and the table service was excellent. The dance floor is right in front of the stage, and you and move to the great sounds of the live band. Overall, you forgot about how empty the streets are and all the closed businesses in the area. The Ritz stands out!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>tmcclure4816
<Content>Stay Away We checked into the Ritz Carlton in New Orleans expecting it to be like the other Ritz Carltons that we frequent. Other than the fact that the lobbies are exquisite and the scent of magnolias and gardenias are piped in, the visit was a complete disaster.We were promised early check-in on the telephone and in writing (of course- they never guarantee) since we told them that we had a red-eye - however, for the Ritz, early check-in meant 3:00 PM. Once in the room, there were several curly black hairs in the sink and in the tub- absolutely disgusting. The room was very small - would have been perfect for one- crowded for two. The bathroom was so small that all it had was a small standup sink and a small ledge above where you could cram your toiletries. There were only two bath towels and we had to call several times for extras because they do not check when they turn down the bed at night. We were promised a king bed and it definitely was a queen. The view was out to an abandoned building - so no view at all.Our luggage did not arrive for over an hour- we were told a large group checked in and they had lost our luggage.The worst was the water situation. The showers took forever to heat - and once it did - it was tepid. We would get bursts of hot and cold water while showering. I have not had this happen in lesser quality hotels and certainly not a hotel like the Ritz.When we checked out- our bill was several hundred dollars more than it should have been. They tried to blame it on tax and it was not until we supplied our agreed upon rate and confirmation did they adjust the bill.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone if you can avoid it because it is not even close to being up to the Ritz's standards.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	2	2	2	

<Author>jlm87
<Content>Great hotel, decent service Stayed at the Ritz with a group of 40 women April 17-20th. Upon arriving at the hotel we were greated at the door and escorted upstairs to the beautiful lobby. Unfortunately our rooms were not ready, but it wasn't quite 3pm yet. No big deal. They stored our luggage and we went out to lunch. Came back at 5:30pm and only a few of the rooms were ready. Some of our group did not have rooms until 10pm. Other than waiting for the rooms, I have no complaints. My room was large, clean, and comfortable with a nice view of Canal and Bourbon. Overall the hotel was very nice. The gym had nice, new equipment. The courtyard was beautiful. The conference rooms were comfortable and had great food service. Although the service wasn't quite what you'd expect for a Ritz I would recommend the hotel to my friends. Regarding the security that other reviews have mentioned, I stayed here with a group of women and not one of us ever felt our safety was jeopardized.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	3	5	

<Author>MSace
<Content>Wonderful stay I cannot imagine where some of the previous reviews came from. Maybe my expectations are so much different, but I regularly stay at Ritz Carlton and JW Marriot hotels when I travel. I stayed overnight on a Thursday night and had an absolutely wonderful stay. Upon check in, I was informed of my upgrade to the Club level. The hotel room was totally clean, very well appointed and comfortable. The food presentations, wine and other amenities in the Club area was definitely Ritz quality. I saw NO crime nor did I EVER feel uncomfortable any where in or around the hotel. The health club (no charge) was outstanding and fully equipped with individual flat panel TVs for each machine. When I return to New Orleans, I will only stay at this hotel. Special thanks to Jennifer and Robbie for their outstanding service. Top choice!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nutsabouttrips
<Content>Exceptional! My husband, son and I stayed at the Ritz Carlton New Orleans April 11-13 and I just have to say that with all of the negatives that I had heard on T.V. and others who have been to New Orleans since hurricane Katrina, I was sort of worried. Wow was I impressed! From the moment we entered the lobby, we could tell that we were definitely in a five star hotel. The entrance is on Canal St. and you step onto gorgeous marble flooring as soon as you enter through the doors. The bellmen are extremely professional and courteous; not stuck-up at all but down to earth type of professionals. To get to the lobby, you have to take the elevators to the third floor passing large plate glass windows of evening gowns that I guess are on sale in the promenade shops. As soon as you step off of the elevator into the lobby, the smell of orchids surrounds you as there is an enormous bouquet of them on a central table and dozens of orchid laced small planters throughout the lobby. If you like the feel of France;(I can compare, been there twice); you will love the lobby-period funishings, chandeliers, a beautiful flower-laced courtyard that you can sit in and have coffee which can be viewed from the lobby. I cannot say enough about the professionalism and courteousness of the staff; especially after coming from a hotel in the Tunica, Mississippi area where we received service with an attitude. The Ritz (at least in New Orleans) must really go out of their way to train their staff on professionalism, courteousness and the importance of immediacy. Our room was a city view on the 7th floor that gave us an exceptional view of Canal St. which is incidentally lined with palm trees and cable cars which gives you a local feel. The room was lovely with four floor to ceiling windows; (we had a corner room) with white sheer curtains and blackout curtains for the early morining sun. The beds were extraordinary with goose down comforters and feathered pillows; (you can live by the old saying: you get what you pay for here. It is well worth it). There was also a small, antique-elegant dressing table in a vestibule-great for women putting on make-up. The bathroom; (of which I am an ultra critic) was gorgeous-as soon as you step in you are surrounded by white, gold and silver. It was so clean, we didn't wear our shoes inside. White marble floors/walls, mirrors, glass shelves; (polished of course), REAL bathmats; (white) not the towels most hotels put out for you, recessed lighting, separate toilet area with door; even the toiletpaper dispensers were polished silver! Bulgari bath products, linen eyelet shower curtains. Only disappointment was the shower; large rainfall showerhead that sort of dripped on you. The restaurant and lounge were exceptional and if you take the elevators on the side of the restaurant down to the main floor, there is a back entrance that is half a blocks' walk to Bourbon St. This hotel is truly an oasis of luxury after the earthy hedonism of a night out in the French Quarter.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>MMMDLaurelMD
<Content>Ok, but issues We stayed at the Ritz Carlton the weekend of April 5-8. We received a great rate for the weekend- under 200 per night! However, some of the issues other posters have pointed out we experienced also. Specifically, when we were given our room and we went to settle in, we found the room had not been cleaned yet. So we went back to the front desk and we received another room. After settling in to that room I wanted to clean up and take a shower-only to find about twenty long black hairs stuck on the side wall of the shower- which was a little disgusting,. Finally we also experienced a problem with being overbilled. When I returned home and checked our credit card, I noticed we were overcharged $600 for our stay. So, I completely agree there are still several issues they need to work out at this hotel. On the positive side, the courtyard area was beautiful, and we liked the location. To the Ritz Carlton's credit they did resolve the billing issue after one phone call and were quick to put us in another room once we told them the first room was not clean.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	2	2	3	3	

<Author>ceopilot0204
<Content>My Last Trip to the Big Easy The Last trip to the Big Easy was not what I expected, the hotel was dirty and the rooms were not made up I arrived late evening on March 6 for an insurance conference and there was someone passed out in my room when I went in to my room, I then proceeded to the front desk to inform them of the issue when I saw a female being dragged down the hallway to her room, I was eventually assigned to another room, However the hotels whole attitude towards the ordeal was nochalant like it happens all the time, was she ok?? Who Knows? apparently the Hotel did not think it was their issue, would you want to stay in a place where this is a regualr occcurance?? I then want out into canal street the next morning and found it dirty and there was litter everywhere, I will never stay at the ritz again, if the hotel does not look out for the welfare of its guests I will not stay there, I asked several people from the hotel about what happend to the woman and everyone at the hotel just acted like they knew nothing about it apparently the ritz is as corrupt as the politicians in New Orleans  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>kkanecomp2
<Content>Huge room with 2 king beds! Stayed at this property from March 31 to Arpil 4 with 2 adults with 2 kids (ages 8  12). We travel quite a bit. The price for the room was $269 which I thought was quite reasonable given its size and the fact that it was a Ritz Carlton property.The property was lovely, the staff was helpful and competent, and housekeeping was exceptional. The room with 2 king beds was enormous (about 800 sq ft) and room's bathroom was huge as well. Our room was on the 14th floor as are all of the double king rooms.I was alone with my 2 kids most of the time as my husband was doing business, but I never felt unsafe as other reviewers have mentioned. HOWEVER, the hotel is located on Canal which is rather seedy. Out the back door is Dauphine in the FQ so you are about a 10 minute walk to Jackson Square. Didn't eat in the restaurant but had drinks in the bar. It's the expected upscale hotel bar -- nothing extraordinary -- but the courtyard outside the bar is very welcoming and relaxing. Hotel lobby is on the 3rd floor which isn't a problem by itself, but there are a couple of ground-level entrances and using the back entrance means you have to go through a maze of empty storefronts to get outside. I assume these will eventually be high-end shops but the Ritz and New Orleans isn't quite to the point of opening and supporting these yet.The spa and pool were closed for refurbishment during our visit so I can't comment on them.Overall, it was a nice stay and the best part was an enormous room with two comfortable king beds.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	4	3	

<Author>LuxuryTravelBoy
<Content>A sanctuary in a sea of mediocrity! We stayed at the Ritz the weekend after Mardi Gras and could not have been happier. I travel 200+ nights a year in the US and Internationally and I have grown particular regarding my accommodations. We are an early 40ish couple so we enjoy having fun as well as relaxing. We were fortunate enough to get a great rate through AAA ($188.00 per night) and I was skeptical about the type of room I would receive based on that rate. To my surprise we were upgraded to a bigger King Room and that was followed up by a call to the room to confirm our satisfaction. The room was very clean and the bathroom, while older, was spotless. The Concierge was unpretentious and very helpful. He knew every little pub and went to great lengths to get us reservations. The hotel was spotless and the bouquet in the lobby was gorgeous and aromatic. The hotel was a sanctuary/safe haven when returning from roaming the Quarter. The location is right around the corner from Bourbon Street. We spent 3 days at the Ritz and then moved to the Sheraton due to a conference. The Sheraton was like going to a low end Super 8 after the Ritz. New Orleans is definitely not back and it this must be taken into consideration. The Ritz Carlton New Orleans is a great hotel for the city but it is still only a 4 star by New York or Chicago standards so temper your expectations.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Colorobo
<Content>Amateur hour at the Ritz I have to start by saying that the following stay occured during the weekend before Mardi Gras. With that said, when we arrived at the hotel at 3 o'clock in the afternoon we were first told our room was ready, then it would a few minutes, so they would buy a drink, very nice. After an hour we were told, someone else actually had our room, so it would be a few more minutes. I should interject here, that some of the staff were very poorly trained and acted as if we were inconviencing them because they were so busy. We were told to go to the lounge and wait they would call us on our cell phone. Finally at 5:30, 2 and 1/2 hours after we arrived, we went back to the registation desk. The woman said, We have plenty of rooms in the club section, we will upgrade you. But what she meant was we will put you in club level and charge you more. It was an extra $150 per night. We were tired from our flight and said fine. So finally after now 3 hours we were about to get to a room. Here is the kicker, when we got to the room it was occuppied. I mean, the bell boy, actually opened the door, we walked in and someone was in there! Finally got a room 3 and 1/2 hours after arriving. By the way, many other people had to wait for their rooms and we were told they were short staffed for cleaning rooms.I'd like to assume that my experience was due in part to Mardi Gras, problems finding staff in the wake of Katrina, and a hotel being renovated. ROOMNice bed, but suprisingly a regular TV, 24 inch, limited cable. Great bathtub and a menu of exotic baths they will prepare for you. Bulgari bathroom amenities. High speed internet, but they charge you an additional $12.95 on top of the $500 plus a night they are already getting during Mardi Gras for a club level room.CLUB LOUNGEWhile they state 5 tastings or meals, in reality there is only 5 on Friday  Saturday. The other days it is really only 4, in fact the 4th or last of the day is simply drinks and some desserts. Overall I'm not sure if the club level is worth the extra money, in our case about $150 extra per night on top of a standard room for around $350 during Mardi Gras. In addition, it should be noted that getting to the club level requires 2 elevators and a walk. To get to your room requires a 3rd elevator. They claim a new elevator direct to the street will be open in April, so that should no longer be an issue.LOCATIONWhile you are close to Bourbon St. and the French Quarter, it is not in the safest area of New Orleans. Be careful at night near the hotel and DO NOT WALK THE WRONG WAY UP CANAL ST. If you've been drinking, take a taxi back to the hotel. Also, always ask taxi drivers to turn on their meters. New Orleans taxi drivers are notorius for ripping off their fares. CONCIERGEWe had really wanted to go to Jaces Imo's restrurant. We asked the concierge to make a reservation and she simply said it is closed. I would've expected another recommendation at least. Granted she was busy, but hey I thought this was the Ritz Carlton and they could handle Mardi Gras with their usual high level of service. They certainly knew how to charge at a high level.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	5	1	4	1	2	3	

<Author>bellaherna
<Content>Great Excellant service, beautiful hotel - many rooms do not have nice views but really - what do you want to look at - Canal St???? Ask for a Courtyard view if it is important to you. Rooms are very nice but a tad small. Spa is being renovated but when we stayed there a couple of years ago and went to the spa prior to Hurricane it was Fabulous so inquire as to whether it is finished--if so, I Highly Recommend It.Do Not take a right and go down Canal St toward the interstate as you will be walking Toward a bad area. Take a left and you will be fine.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>joy1
<Content>Still Not up to R/C standards Stayed here for 4 nights this week on the Club floor while attending a meeting at another hotel. I am a long-time Ritz-Carlton customer having stayed at properties all over the world. This property recently opened after the Katrina disaster. I know they are struggling to finish reconstruction of the facilities and rebuild the staff so I give them a pass on that. However, there is great work to be done in terms of training the existing staff, especially Club floor staff, in terms of demonstrating the superior customer service Ritz-Carlton guests are accustomed to. I like to stay on the Club floor to receive the extra service and amenities. However, there were many problems throughout my stay that are far too numerous to mention. Suffice it to say, the Club staff appears inexperienced, undertrained, and understaffed. For example, morning breakfast was never ready at 7:00 a.m.-usually not until 7:20 and then one had to ask for butter, milk, utensils, coffee-they just didn't seem to have an organized plan to set up the service, no morning papers delivered to my room, no morning papers available in club lounge unless requested, check-in took over 1/2 hour due to inexperienced staff, my room was not sufficiently cleaned (lots of dust, dirt and refuse on floor, etc.). There was also no clock or radio in the room. It took 36 hours and 4 requests before receiving my clock. Upon checkout, the club floor concierge saw me struggling with 4 suitcases departing the elevator and never once offered help or assistance from a bellman. I overheard several other guests complaining about similar problems, as well.I would not recommend this hotel until they can get their act together. It is not worth the extra money one pays with the expectation of receiving Ritz-Carlton Ladies and Gentlemen serving Ladies and Gentlemen service.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>seabas1
<Content>Great - Almost Back to Perfect Excellent. It is well on its back to being as it was before Katrina.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mhbtr
<Content>Nice, but not up to previous level. My husband  I have always enjoyed staying at the Maison Orleans (the club level inside the Ritz Carlton New Orleans) - it's beautiful  intimate with well appointed rooms. We were THRILLED when they finally reopened. That being said, we were somewhat disappointed with the quality of our stay. Previously, the club level had it's own entrance  was accessible from the ground floor. Now, the club level must be accessed through the main Ritz entrance  one must utilize 3 separate elevators - all a considerable distance from one another. Mind you, you're paying more for this - hence, our beef. Additionally, upon arrival one of the lights was out in the bathroom. They quickly fixed it upon calling, but truly, in a hotel of this caliber, that is unacceptable. Turn down service did not arrive until 9:30 pm, which we felt was rather late given we had already returned to our room. The site boasted flat screen televisions, but that was not the case for us. Also, the lining of one of the bedside lamps was ripped out. They were working diligently, it seemed, to move the old stuff out of the rooms throughout the hotel - often times blocking hallways. The food quality was not up to par during the presentations. Previously, the most divine chocolate croissants were offered, but no longer (sigh). We are hoping that these kinks are worked out as the hotel has only been reopened for a month. Don't get me wrong, it IS a beautiful hotel - the nicest in NO, but it's not up to its previous standards yet.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Chrissycat70
<Content>God Bless New Orleans Well I guess I might be a bit late with my review. As I'm writing this, New Orleans is basically sinking as more water is rising due to Hurricane Katrina. My husband and I went and stayed at the Ritz Carlton. Of course being the faithfull Trip Advisor guru I did my research. I guess staying in the #12 or #13 Hotel in New Orleans out of so many for our honeymoon wouldn't be so bad so we stayed here and we loved it.The room was clean and quiet..the service was wonderful. They basically kissed our butts.We really had no problem with it and it was our first night after our marriage that we were together. Romantic and wonderful. A dream come true.Add the restaurant Emerils to that mix and it was fantastic. We went to Jamaica afterwards.I guess I would give you better details on the hotel if we stayed in it for the most part but I have to say we were able to enjoy the hotel as well as the beloved and never forgotten New Orleans. It was amazing and my husband and I, I guess, are the last few tourist who will know New Orleans as it was. I'm so sorry for this wonderful city with the amazing people. This was my third trip there. I loved the hotel and I will always love my favorite city..New Orleans...God Bless and God Speed.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Ritz Just returned from my first visit to the exciting city of New Orleans and loved staying at the Ritz! The hotel was beautiful and the staff was impeccable! So friendly and attentive. Everyone had a great attitude and smile on their face! The rooms were large, tastefully decorated and the beds/bedding were so comfortable. The bathrooms were also very nice and large. It was a treat to return to such a lovely hotel after a long day of sightseeing. I will most definitely stay here again on my next visit.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice but not the best in NOLA We stayed at The Ritz for 3 nights at the beginning of this month celebrating a long weekend of RR in The Big Easy. I was somewhat concerned about the reviews I had read on here, however tried to remind myself that peoples expectations, biases, and tastes are different.The hotel itself is beautiful in terms of decor, flowers, furniture, etc., however if you make any special requests in advance (room location, bedding type, etc) be certain to get a response from them in writing prior to check in. We arrrived around midnight on a Thursday and the young lady at the front desk advised that she had no record of a king bedded room on a higher floor of the hotel - all she had available was a room on the 4th floor. We went ahead and took this, however upon entering the room, we realized it was a smoking room, not to mention our view was of scaffolding right outside our window. Having read previous reviews of construction noise, not to mention the stale stench of smoke, I went back down to the front desk and complained to another young lady at the front desk - miraculously a king bedded room on the 7th floor suddenly became available. This room was perfect - still not a great view but even the decor was better than the wild floral wallpaper on the 4th.The rest of our stay was decent - my only other complaint would be the elevator set up - you enter from Canal St. on the 1st floor and take one of 4 elevators to the 3rd floor which is where reception, bars, and restaurants are - then you must take one of another set of elevators to reach the guest room floors. Not a major deal, but when the hotel is full on the weekends, you are forced to wait with throngs of revelers waiting to enter/exit the hotel's elevators. Also forget room service for breakfast, WAY too overpriced and taxed and service slow - just slip on a pair of shorts, a shirt, some sandals and meander through the FQ to the Frencn Market and Cafe du Monde for beignets and chickory coffee. Heck, on the weekends you can even skip the shower as the stench in the FQ will leave anyone smelling like a daisy!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Granitian
<Content>Great hotel, great staff! I made reservations at the Ritz and then read some of the reviews on this site. Needless to say I was concerned! We were traveling with a group of four families and we could not have had a better stay! Three of the four rooms were ready when we arrived (about 3:30) they gave us drink tickets for the fourth room which the bartender streached to include 7 drinks. We stayed two nights. I used the concierge service to make reservations for us (17 people) and they worked very hard to find us great restaraunts on short notice for a Friday and Saturday night. (BTW - can you have a bad meal in NO????) On Sunday we had lunch in the grille - told them we were in a hurry and we got our excellent meals very quickly.I will admit that the rooms were not as clean as they could have been but that is the only negative about this great hotel.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jefritz
<Content>We'd stay there again!       King Size Room  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I thought this was a 5 Star Hotel My stay at this 5 stay hotel left me feeling like I would have had a better experience staying at the Holiday Inn Express and cheaper. Once I arrived to the hotel at 4pm my room was not ready was told to take a different room until my room was ready, well after 3 hours of waiting decided to call and was told it should be ready within the hour. Finally was able to get my room around 7:30pm. Tossed and turned all night because the A/C was not working properly in the room and sweated all night. The hotel sent a technician up to look at the A/C it was better for the next day and then went out again, so two out of the three nights were very uncomfortable.The next day left the room at 11am and returned at 7pm and housekeeping had not come to the room yet they ended up arriving around 8:30pm to clean the room. What's wrong with that picture?Called to request clean towels and waited an hour to have to call a second time and waited another hour. Why does it take two hours to get clean towels? To be topped off with being charged for an Honor Bar, that I didn't use, on the final bill.First and last experience with the Ritz...  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>RaeRee
<Content>You get what you pay for with the Ritz's Summer Specials One Thursday night at the Ritz for $119.00, not bad! A frequent visitor of the RC hotels, I was more than satisfied with my bargain. Staying at the Ritz means being pampered; fresh iced tea and apples at check in, complimentary cocktails if your room is not ready (my room was ready at 6:00 pm), a full supply of luxury amenities in the room, beautiful linens and a comfortable feather bed, quiet rooms (even by the elevator), excellent turn down service, full service concierge service, your choice of morning papers, fast and painless check out. Plus, you can't beat the location. Now, if you are planning to stay at a Ritz in the off season, and you've got a bargain, remember that there's a price to pay. There is construction in the front of the hotel, there are small (and tidy) maintenance projects all over the property, there is a shortage of staff (probably they are on vacation or b/c school is still out). The spa services are only average (try finding a spa off site). The breakfast buffet at 10:00 am was only above average and slow (but the coffee was outstanding). And, just because you spend $28 a day for valet parking don't think you're going to get your car within 5 minutes of your request; you're really paying to protect your car from theft or vandalism in an open lot (trust me, I used to live in NOLA, and always paid to keep my car in a closed, secure lot when I went to the CBD/FQ for the evening). I had a wonderful time with realistic expectations and a love of the Ritz Carlton's little touches. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to be pampered but won't sweat the small stuff (go to the Windsor Court for that kind of treatment). Have fun!!!!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Greggism
<Content>Glitz or Pits at the Ritz? I just returned from a 3-night stay at the Ritz Carlton New Orleans, celebrating my anniversary. After reading mixed reviews about this place, I was a bit concerned about the choice. But with a AAA rate of $107/night, it was certainly worth taking a chance. While I agree this is not your typical 5-star Ritz Carlton, it is nonetheless a beautiful hotel. Our room was not ready upon arrival (1PM), but check-in is 3PM. We went for a stroll and had lunch. They then called me on my cell at 2:30P and told me the room was ready. Our bags were stored and brought to our room upon check-in. We did use the Spa which was very nice - not the best Ritz spa, but still nice. The pool is very small and has a resistance jet on one side, allowing lap swimming without actually swimming laps. There is also a nice size whirlpool. The location of the hotel is excellent - 2 blocks from Bourbon Street and easy access to the Canel and St. Charles Streetcar lines. We found the service fine - no issues with housekeeping, our room was clean, etc. We did not experience some of the horror stories of other reviewers. I guess we were lucky. Overall, we would return to this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A 5 Star Hotel?? A luxury hotel?? Stayed two nights for an anniversary and by the time we checked out the question was--what else won't work or go wrong. On arrival room wasn't ready. We had requested early check-in and were told the room was cleaned and only needed an inspection. Went to the restaurant where service was slow. Finally had to ask busboy to find waitress to get bill which took 15 minutes. Got into the room at regular check-in time and things continued to go down hill: no hairdryer, non-functioning lamp, no bathrobes, stains on bed coverings, dirt and dust. That evening requested turn-down service and fresh towels but on reurn to room at 11 pm--no turn down and no towels. Next day left hotel at 10:15 am, took 20 minutes to get car--don't call and expect car to be waiting. You must show up at the valet desk and sit and wait until they get it. Upon returning to the hotel at 5 pm, room had not been cleaned. By this time we felt it was past time to see or speak to someone. The duty manager, Darrin, couldn't be bothered. Finally got clean towels around 7 pm but had to call for washcloths. Handles came off the bathroom door and shower control.After being encouraged to use video check-out, we tried to and were informed that it only functioned from 6 am to 3 pm and was not available. It was 10 am. Since we are frequent visitors to New Orleans, thankfully there are other good hotels. Unfortunately this is not one of them and is an aberration for a Ritz Carlton, based on other experiences.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Lorelei3
<Content>Great Service, Great Hotel Having toured the U.S. for 2 weeks I can highly recommend the Ritz. The service was excellent and the staff were helpful and extremely polite. ( Quite a contrast to New York )The concierge were particularly helpful on advising where to visit etc.The hotel was attractive and well furnished . Don't be put off by the renovation work outside. This hotel is excellent value, I was surprised by the reasonable rates in the lounge and restaurant . We enjoyed cocktails and live music in the lounge and dinner in the restaurant was good value .The room was large and the beds were comfortable.My only complaint would be lack of thorough cleaning in the rooms. Our carpet had broken glass beads on which I mentioned to Housekeeping but which stayed there for the duration of our stay and dusting of surfaces was not done. Also the armchair was stained and felt a bit sticky.I can not understand the poor reviews this hotel has had as it certainly one of the nicest and cleanest I have stayed in on my many trips to the States.I worried before my visit as I had read the reviews beforehand but need not have as this is a perfectly good hotel.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sanctuary in New Orleans This is one of many wonderful Ritz Carlton properties. Although they do not all live up to their brand, this facility definitely does. Great location walking distance to the French Quarter. Wonderful rooms, beautiful courtyard, many well appointed bars and restaurants.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TravelTJ
<Content>Honeymoon at the Ritz We were married in the garden at the Ritz in January and satyed 5 days. At the time the facade was under construction but it didn't much matter to us. Our first time to New Orleans and loved every minute of the food and fun! The Ritz had the best bed I have ever slept in....in my life! Immaculate linens, feather mattress.....heavenly. The service was mixed. Room service was very late the day of our departure and the order was not complete, very disappointing since this was the only time we ordered room service. On the up side the service in the restaurant was wonderful....they really made a fuss over us and the food was very good. Worth a visit for a special occasion!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>rvjrg
<Content>ALL expectations met! My wife and I just spent 6 nights at the Ritz. I do a lot of research before deciding on a property to stay at. This was a special 25th anniversary trip so I wanted everything to be right. Chris Kano, Front Desk Manager came through as promised by upgrading us to a suite. It was a great room!!! No noise, very clean, luxuriously appointed! We could not have asked for anything better. The spa was wonderful and I felt was a very good value for what treatments were received. I read all of the reviews for this and the other 4 and 5 star hotels in town. I was nervous by some of the comments from those who would seem to know a great property. Let me say....there are always people who will nitpick everything! This property exceeded all expectations and then some. Food was great! Sweet Tea when you returned from walking was great! Very good room rates as well. Yvonne at the front desk cannot be beat, she was the most friendly person I have ever had serve me at a hotel! Fresh flowers, beautiful courtyard and good location. All of these things provided me with the experience to be able to write....go to the New Orleans Ritz.....you will not be dissapointed!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luxurious Fortress in French Quarter My wife and I live only 3 hours away from the Ritz and frequently use this property as a weekend getaway. We have the great fortune to travel pretty much wherever we like and stay at nice properties around the country. We are VERY FORTUNATE to have this hotel in our backyard. When we go to the Ritz it is almost impossible for my wife to get me to leave the hotel. The spa is amazing, very relaxing for two professionals that desperately need to unwind. The beds are great. The staff is friendly. Overall it is without question a 5 star hotel.As I mentioned, my wife and I have stayed at this property over 10 times and we have NEVER had a bad experience.I am writing this review due to my aggravation with some of the negative responses I have been reading. These people must be the kind of people that are always unhappy regardless of the situation. The review from the travel agent from Chicago is a joke. Please do not let someone who makes $30,000 a year and thinks they are royalty discourage you from this great hotel.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jackosan
<Content>Nice Ritz Just spent 3 nights at the New Orleans Ritz Carlton. Overall it met my expectations for a Ritz Carlton. Luxuriously-apppointed rooms, lovely common areas, fine dining, professional (if sometimes obsequious) service.The hotel, a converted department store, sits on the edge of the French Quarter. The lobby is on the 3d floor of the building. The first room I was given on the 4th floor faced a wall. Upon inquiry, however, I was promptly moved to a 12th floor room that, while slightly smaller, had a commanding view of the French Quarter on out to the Mississippi.I ate twice at their restaurants and can recommend both Victors and the French Quarter Bar without reservation. The FQB has live jazz at night.Their exercise room at the spa had enough cardio equipment (no cross-trainers), but only adequate weight training equipment. One problem I did have was obtaining internet access for my laptop. Seems I had to call their 800 number everyday to get it turned on. Although I was not charged their daily access fee, I would rather have paid than put up with the repeated hassle.Lastly, the first floor of the hotel is currently shrouded in scaffolding for construction. However, unless you care what your hotel looks like from the outside looking in, it will have no impact on your stay. I heard no construction noise during my stay.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ans92974
<Content>Nothing beats the Ritz There's something about the Ritz that really spoils you - maybe it's the first class service, or the plush accommodations, or that to-die-for spa downstairs. Stayed with a friend overnight and had a wonderful time - felt very sheltered from the nastiness of the French Quarter yet still in the thick of the action. The rooms are so cozy that you hate to leave, and that breakfast brunch spread on Sunday mornings is so eye-popping that you couldn't imagine that just the night before it held a large lounge with a live jazz ensemble. The layout of the building is odd, but that's my only squabble. Stay at the Ritz!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ciog52
<Content>A Great Hotel This is a first class hotel with an excellent location very near the French Quarter. Our room was beautiful and the only minor problem when a door handle came off was fixed immediately. On arrival we were congratulated on our 25th wedding anniversary, which we were celebrating with three nights in New Orleans. A lovely card and some strawberries dipped in chocolate were in our room to greet us. The beds are out of this world. We found the concierge very helpful as was all the staff we met. Just to be aware the hotel is having some work done on it but it did not impact on our visit at all.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Ritz New Orleans       Birthday cake from Ritz  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>traveltimenc
<Content>Wonderful Stay We were hesitant to stay here after reading a few reviews. We know New Orleans and have stayed at some great places here. Over the years we have also stayed in many Ritz's in the US and they indeed vary. However, we had a great rate ( AAA summer in new orleans) and ended up having a wonderful stay. We were upgraded to a jr. suite which was much roomier than the basic room we had with our 2 kids. When it wasn't ready in time we were offered drinks in the bar. The concierge was excellent, the staff friendly. And of course, the location is perfect. There are rennovations going on, hurricane windows are being installed and the front of the very beautiful building has scaffoldings over it. It's expected to be finished soon and it created no inconvenience. I really do think this Ritz has the best sheets and most comfortable beds in town.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nocello
<Content>Treated like Royal Celebrities!! My boyfriend surprised me with a trip to New Orleans since we met at Mardi Gras in college 4 years ago. A great choice on his part for a place to propose with the assistance of the unsurpassable staff of the Ritz-Carlton! He really didn't have any ideas. Once he mentioned the reason for our trip to the inquisitive reservationist, she had him transfered to a guest recognition specialist to help design the engagement details. Upon arrival we were met at the airport in a luxurious limousine with champagne of course. The driver, doorman, bellman, front office agent and housekeeper all knew and used our names before we had a chance to introduce ourselves!! They arranged a phenomenal couples bath and massages that were pure heaven. Champagne and chocolate covered strawberries awaited us as we arrived to our upgraded room overlooking the river. Rosepetals on the bed at turndown along with my favorite cd playing when we returned from dinner alerted me to something about to happen. When inroom dining delivered our nightcaps and a special dessert trio, I listfully enjoyed the creamy custards-my favorite pistachio and chocolate. A small chocolate box in the center held my engagement ring! In tears and speechless I accepted.We were both surprised, delirious with happiness and definitely overwhelmed by the sweet, elegant and superb service of this spectacular hotel.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible stay at the Ritz My husband and I travel extensively and thought it would be fun to spend our anniversary weekend at the Ritz. I have stayed at numerous Ritz Carltons before and this did not come close to the service that normally defines this hotel chain. When I checked in I was told that because I booked the room online I could not be guaranteed a king bed, even though it stated it on my reservation confirmation. The man at the front desk instead told us he had a room with 2 queens. We get to our room and its only 2 double beds. Keep in mind they knew it was our anniversary. I called the front desk and instead spoke with someone else who told me that they in fact did have a king room available. Therefore, I was completely lied to by the man at the front desk 5 minutes earlier. My husband's parents had champagne sent to our room. We would never have found out if they hadn't called to ask how we liked our surprise. When we called and asked the Ritz about the surprise they stated they couldn't find a record of it even though my in laws had paid for it the day before. Finally about 30 minutes before we were to leave for dinner they finally found the record of that order. I could only refer to this hotel as a Faux Ritz Carlton.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>M.Photog.
<Content>Southern Hospitality As a new user of Trip advisor this my first hotel review. After reading the recent reviews of the New Orleans Ritz Carlton I'm sorry to say I can only draw one conclusion. There is someone out there with a score to settle and they are doing so at the expense of a great hotel and it's staff.  During a recent four day stay my wife and I were very impressed with the hotel and it's people. Everyone was very professional and courteous. Rudy, the concieriege was always ready with maps, directions and personal observations. The front desk and bellmen were friendly and helpful. Our experience in the French Quarter Bar and Lobby Lounge were just as impressive. The entertainment and service created a very relaxing atmosphere. We don't have time to travel for pleasure as much as we would like. When we do, we appreciate and recognize a well managed and maintained hotel. The Ritz Carlton IS just such a hotel.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Magical Experience My husband and I have just returned from The Ritz in New Orleans. I am really surprised to read some of the comments here. We had a super time. Amazing spa, food and outstanding service. I would list this as one of our best getaways recently.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed by "Ritz" Room We booked at the Ritz-Carlton thinking of a luxury experience. Although the grounds were very nice the room was not up to par. The room was very basic and dated. We also were not told that the hotel exterior was undergoing construction. The FQB restaurant has good food. The courtyard is also very nice. The spa is nice also. We changed hotels to Maison Orleans which was considerably better.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible!!!!!! As a travel professional I have stayed in all types of properties. Normally the Ritz is a safe bet but the New Orleans property is one of the worst I have ever encountered...-Terrible rooms on the 4th floor-small, dank, and overlooking AC units. The hotel outs many of the guests in these rooms on the 4th floor.-Requesting a different room on a higher floor- It was granted, not much different that the 4th floor other than view of other rooms acroos the courtyard. Pulling back the duvet I noticed torn sheets that were covered in stains (upon informing housekeeping the sheets were promptly changed and followed up with a phone call of satisfaction on the current condition)-Rude staff- concierge (the rudest), bartenders, front desk manager-Stains on furniture, floors and in rooms-Filthy common areas with overflowing ashtrays and dirty glasses and dishes EVERYWHERE-Power outage in all guest rooms on Saturday night for two hours. No apologies from mangement other that impatient responses and lies on when the power would return.-Upon pointing out professionally in tone some of the problems I have noticed to the front desk manager I was met with a shrug and an apathetic sorry.The same went with the front desk staff who just shrugged and rolled their eyes.As an avid traveler I urge you to consider staying anywhere else than here unless you want to experience 5 star stress and a HORRIBLY MANAGED property !I will not even take the chance and recommend Ritz properties to my clients anymore after this terrible experience.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not the Ritz-Carlton quality I experienced in other cities! I have stayed in many Ritz-Carlton's and was always a satisfied guest when checking out. But not his time!!! This time, my experience was not a very good one and I am very disappointed. The New Orleans Ritz-Carlton has to many flaws to justify a high classification of a top ranked luxury hotel. The rooms do not seem to be in a very good shape. The carpet in my room had many stains, and it looked like it need a proper cleaning. My room was also very noisy, letting me hear lots of disturbing noises from the street and from the rooms next to mine. Most of the hotel staff (housekeeping, room service, front desk) did not act very professional and seem to lack training. My recent New Orleans Ritz-Carlton experience was terrible in comparison to other Ritz-Carlton hotels, and well below the high service standard it normally offers under this flag.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not this ritz I live in New Orleans and love hotels - especially really nice hotels and was thrilled when the Ritz opened. The hotel and spa seemed too good to be true - and it is. I have stayed at the hotel several times since the opening and stayed in each of its properties - the actual Ritz, the Maison Orleans and the Iberville Suites. I will never stay there again. We have had had problems with noise each time - construction or house keeping or the room next door or whatever - and the hotel has never been willing to assist with our problem. Room service forgot to deliver our breakfast once. I have complained to the hotel - quite nicely, and written to them - and obviously given them several chances, but the all I ever get are form letter replies. I expect better from a very expensive hotel (we spent over a $1,000 one night on dinner, the room and the spa) and I am offended that I get form letter responses when I do let them know of my concerns. The spa, however, is nice.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sf_traveler
<Content>okay but could do better This hotel was okay but it would be possible to find something better. The room was surprisingly small and overlooked a roof and the deserted building next door. I wish they had a frequent guest program because since we regularly stay at other Ritz hotels I felt we deserved something a little better. The bathroom, though small, had a great shower. The room itself was very clean and the bed absolutely comfortable. They supply complimentary bottled water that is supposed to be restocked but it never was even though I asked more than once that they restock it. I had a package that included breakfast in bed but outside of the first day thay never left a breakfast card, meaning I had to call down every night for the next morning. I was surprised to see our breakfast cart still sitting outside our room around 11 at night. Breakfast, however, was great and arrived on time. We used the internet service and it worked well. We had drinks in the Lobby most nights and the staff is unbelievable slow (except Kewana). After ordering a gin and tonic we waitied about 15 minutes to get it and we were the only people there! This didn't just happen once either. They were consistently slow. The staff was also rather unprofessional and gossiped loudly about other hotel guests sitting in the bar. The food in the lobby lounge, if you don't starve before you receive it, was subpar. However, the food at the FQB restaurant is quite good. All in all, it wasn't the worst hotel I've ever stayed at but it was far from the best. Next time I'll book at the Omni.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>kk99
<Content>Take a pass We stayed over Memorial weekend for three nights. There is construction and scaffolding covering a good portion of the outside of the hotel. The room we had was small, New York City style(not the size of the New York Ritz-much smaller). On tthe first morning of our stay, we were awakend by construction jackhammering at 7:30 a.m. If this was not a vacation, no problem; however, the noise continued for a full hour. We requested to move to a similar room away from the noise and they showed us two identical rooms on two floors directly above us on the major construction site. We took a pass on that and said we would pay more to move to a quieter room, but the manager said there was nothing available. The jachammering continued throughout our stay. I later learned from the assistant manager that the hotel was not full that weekend and there were other rooms for purchase. The valets, bellmen,and maids were wonderful but the front desk was less than professional. For the money, The Royal Sonesta, or the club level at Loews would have been preferable. The manager of the spa, Amy is a true delight, but you don't have to be a hotel guest to book the spa services. I've stayed at many Ritz Carlton hotels over the years and this does not live up to five star billing, no more than 3.5 due to the front desk staff. The coffee shop on the first floor called Seattle's Best is a great place to get a latte and bagel for $5.00 plus free internet access. You can find much better choices for breakfast or lunch in the Quarter than at the hotel. They are starting to open shops on the first floor but as for now there are only three leased. I hope that the Ritz takes steps to make this property what it should be and do justice to the old Maison Blanche department store structure in which it is housed. It definitely needs to address the front desk issue. That said, it was a convenient 7 minute walk to Royal Street and the restaurants and shops in the Quarter. I love New Orleans, but would stay at this hotel again while there is both hotel and street construction ongoing.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Jeffslaw
<Content>Wonderful Ritz We stayed at the Ritz Carlton for the French Quarter Festival this year having stayed at the Fairmont the past two years for that weekend. While the Fairmont was nice, the Ritz was superb. Our travel agent booked us a Club Level room which has a private entrance and a separate wing of hospitality rooms, including a food room where food and drinks, both alcoholic and otherwise, were available throughout the day and evening at no additonal at no additional cost. The hospitality area was a wonderful retreat after a day of walking the French quarter and listening to live outdoor music for hours in the warm sun. Nice place to de-compuress before showering and the evening's activities. Our room was lovely and well appointed. The service was of the highest level of professinallism. The health club was quite well equipped and we are both serious about our workouts. While not inexpensive, it was well worth it and we cannot wait to go back next April.  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>brooksz
<Content>Wonderful Location I just returned from a three night stay at the Ritz Carlton in New Orleans. Like most of the reviewers I would question the 5 star rating but, that said, it was perfect for a trip to the Quarter and New Orleans Auction House. The room was spacious, clean and well designed. My 7th floor deluxe room fronted Canal Street which means it was noisy but nothing that a little white noise counldn't cure. The bed was comfortable but the pillows were not the best. I didn't use the internet service so I can't address that but the TV selection was adequate. The bathroom was very well done -- spacious and well thought out.The service was stellar in some areas and horrendous in others. 5 stars to the bell staff, room service staff, the staff in the spa and the concierge. The lobby Lounge staff were some of the slowest I have ever encountered. They even comp'd my tea service without request because it was so bad. I would take a pass if I were you. The spa was great especially Michie in the salon (pedicre/manicure). All in all a fine but not great hotel.  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cynderemy
<Content>Posh hotel This hotel is a must stay at in the French Quarter. My husband and I stayed at the Ritz for 4 nights. The rooms were very nicely decorated and the beds were great. We are both huge fans of the Heavenly Beds from Starwood so a comfy bed is a must. The hotel staff was very nice and helpful. For the extra money to stay at the Ritz, it was worth it. The hotel is in a great location and everything is a short short walk away. We didn't have any problems with noise or security. The other travelers staying at the hotel were a little bit more snooty than you would normally find but it is the Ritz so you have to expect those types. I highly recommend this hotel for a great stay.  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sophien
<Content>Good hotel It was a good hotel, good location, very helpful staff. The room was big and very clean. When we arrived we were not sure if we got one or 2 beds. We asked the manager at the desk for 2 beds and there was no problem getting a room with 2 beds unlike some other hotels I stayed in before. I would not recommend to have breakfast there because you can get a much better one for this money especially because the hotel are very close many restaurants and cafes. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>over-priced/adequate Stayed 2 nites. carpet was stained, no coffee in the room, only available at a coffee shop, altho very friendly staff delivered free coffee before register was open. The room was nice, but not great. Lounge was good, nice jazz at night. Frankly for the reduced rate of 250.00 I expect much nicer accomodations, but the staff was friendly. Internet service never worked, tech guys were responsive, but wasted an hour dealing with what was their equip failure, and didn't fix problem  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>RITZ was great Ritz Hotel and its staff were outstanding. The service was incredible and always wanting to assist. Would stay here again. The only draw back was the gym was average - I like more variety in the exercise arobic equipement.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what we expected Our family had high hopes of our stay at the Ritz. When we checked in at 6 pm we found out our room was not ready (it was supposed to be ready at 3 pm). A complimentary meal (including tax and tip) was given to us for their bar. We thought that was great until we got to the bar and found the service we had was very slow and there was an extremely limited menu. After having problems with our luggage not making it in at the airport and having not eaten allday we were very dissappointed. When we left the bar to check in again at the desk, we were chased down by the waitress because we had forgotten to pay our bill. It took a lot of convincing that we had given her the paper from the front desk that said we were to be given a free meal, everyting included.We only stayed the one night as we were leaving on a cruise, but did ask for them to store our luggage for the afternoon. When we returned to get our luggage it took the staff over 45 minutes to find it. It was a good thing we gave ourselves some extra time to get to the ship.The room was very nice but not worth the hassels we had getting in and out.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>BleedingHeartMBA
<Content>New Orleans beyond the to-go cup. I recently organized a three-day meeting at the Ritz Carlton and the overall experience was exemplary. If you have the chance to hold a meeting here, do. We received a conference rate of $129.00/night, which Your attendees will feel pampered and valued, and the conference staff will ensure that your meeting is a productive, comfortable, and seamless one. As far as the guestrooms, some of the rooms face courtyards; one of which is handsomely designed and accessible to guests (have a drink there, if you have the time) and the other one is a much smaller shaftway and does not offer ample sunlight. If it matters to you, make sure to ask for the room you want. The interior of the guestrooms ensures that you will not miss the comforts of your own home, offering the luxuries of a marble-clad bath, Sealy Posturpedic bed, featherbed, and down comforter and pillows.There is construction being done on the Canal Street facade of the building. Surprisingly, this work did not bother us although it was directly outside our meeting room windows. Ask the concierges (in particular, Rudy) for food recommendations; they know the city better than any guidebook and will steer you clear of Bourbon Street, if you ask. The food is good in the hotel, but in New Orleans there are so many fantastic dining experiences to be had. (Try August for delectable French haute cuisine. It's prix fixe for lunch, $20.00.) The only complaints were 1) the meeting rooms were often too cold (like in every other hotel), and 2) a few attendees reported slow service, e.g. guestrooms not available at 3:00PM, concierge not returning a phone call, etcetera.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MLD31
<Content>The BEST of the best!!! We stayed here 3/21 through 3/25. Have stayed at other Ritz and other five star hotel but this exceeded our expectation and beyond. EVERYONE on staff is professional, friendly, and so courteous. They are all ready to go the extra mile to please you. They are not stuffy as other Ritz employees at other places. They all act as if you are the most precious guest they have at the moment. How awesome is that!!!! The hotel has fresh flowers, great ambience, and amazing location. The street car stops right in front of the hotel but if you want to walk, it is so conveniently located. If we come back, this will be the hotel of my choice. Because of this Ritz, I am convinced to stay at other Ritz!!!!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely evening at the Lounge I did not stay here, but a friend and I stopped by the lounge to hear Jeremy Davenport's jazz (he is a weekly regular on Thursdays, I believe). The whole experience was wonderful. Attentive service, top-notch. For any visitors to New Orleans, this is a great evening activity!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ClaudiaB
<Content>Wonderful Hotel! Stay here! Rooms, service, staff, food - all wonderful!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Expected More, Got Less       Red Wine or ?  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very disappointed Went to this hotel for our 10th anniversary and were sadly disappointed. The room we were allocated was right opposite a building site. The work men finished work at 5 pm and started as 7 am. Made five calls to reception before being transferred to a courtyard room. Whilst in reception another guest stormed in with luggage demanding to be moved. We were led to believe we were the only ones!!! Did not get value for money.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>3	1	-1	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>DTimberLD
<Content>A welcome relief in the Big Easy My husband and I stayed at the Ritz Carlton New Orleans for one night, following two bad nights at the Holiday Inn Chateau Lemoyne. So, we were a bit overly impressed with the Ritz after the bad experience we came from. However, that being said, this is your typical Ritz Carlton. Beautiful room, spacious beautiful bathroom, absolutely glorious bed, great service. Everything you expect from this chain. The location was fine, with entrances on Dauphine and Canal Street. Our room overlooked Canal, and that was the only drawback to staying in this hotel. Canal Street is NOISY. Car alarms, sirens, bell hops whistling loudly for cabs at 5:30 a.m. . . . I slept through most of it from our 8th floor room (my sleep at the Holiday Inn had been horrible, and the Ritz bed is so heavenly . . .) but it did disturb my husband sleep. So, I would recommend this place without reservation, IF you get a room on Dauphine, or in the back, or overlooking the courtyard. The location, besides the potential for noise depending on the room, is otherwise perfect. Just far enough from Bourbon to keep it sane, but close enough to everything else. Other details to mention ?the building itself is gorgeous. The only oddity is that the lobby is on the 3rd floor (this is a very European practice, but worth mentioning as this is a U.S. hotel), along with the restaurants and lounges. So, you need to take one elevator to the lobby, then walk across to another bank of elevators to reach the rooms. We enjoyed a fabulous dessert of crme brulee and chocolate martinis in the FQB in the lobby. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VLBerry
<Content>Nice Business Trip I went to New Orleans for a business trip February 24-25. This was my 3rd time to New Orleans and I had wanted to see what the Ritz Carlton was like. A place like New Orleans has so many visitors most of the rooms and hotels are worn out. Not so with this Ritz. The room was comfortable and cozy, everything typical of other Ritz hotels. The staff was excellent and went above and beyond for the guests. The location is great, just a block over from Bourbon street. If you need a place to have a meeting, the facilities are excellent. We had several meals around the event and the food was great. The lounge areas are clean and comfortable. With New Orleans kind of being dirty and loud, this hotel makes you forget where you are. Enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a typical Ritz Carlton experience My husband and I stayed at the Ritz Carlton the weekend before Thanksgiving 2004. The rooms are not huge, but they are nicely decorated, comfortable and quiet. If you are looking for a typical New Orleans experience, there are better choices. However, if you are just needing a nice hotel room, here is an excellent one. My problems were with the hotel's service, usually the forte of the Ritz Carlton chain. Room service practically dumped the trays on our bed; the rooms were not cleaned until we called and requested it at 4:30 pm; and the concierge was too busy to call us back. When I asked about the service at the front desk, they told me the hotel was very busy this weekend -- frankly a poor excuse in a hotel chain that supposedly emphasizes service -- and I was not offered an apology. We paid $189 per night and had a great time in New Orleans in spite of this. But I would not stay at the Ritz Carlton again.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel....Great fun city We stayed t the Ritz Carlton the week of January 14th. Our room was on the 11th floor facing Canel Street. Although it was 2 weeks before Fat Tuesday the city is well on the way to getting ready for fun and craziness. The rooms in the front of the hotel facing Canel Street can be noisy and I was glad we were not on the lower floors. Bourbon street is only two blocks away. The housekeeping is excellent. We were with a group for a meeting so our rate was very good. Our room was not large but it was comfortable and there was no noise from other rooms or from the hall. The property is very well maintained, the staff is excellent.  -  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>heymista
<Content>Access to the French Quarter without the noise Comfortable room, great beds, and great location. We often stay in New Orleans and I have stayed at many different NOLA hotels. In general I find rooms in New Orleans small in comparison to many other cities. We had a generous size standard room in comparison to other NOLA hotels without sacrificing location. It has a great combination of features that make this hotel tough to beat. The only negative is that the lobby is a bit chopped up and takes a day to learn where all the exits and shortcuts are. I would definitely stay again especially if we need to be near the french quarter. Our experience with the staff and service was excellent as they accomodated every request.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service was Amazing While the rooms may have been slightly small, the bed was very comfortable and everything was clean and new. The real star here is the Ritz customer service. Every single employee went out of their way to be friendly and helpful, in all situations and at all times of day/night. The concierge service was particularly good.Overall: clean, comfortable, entire staff was unbelievably amazing.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tedward2000
<Content>Nice enpugh but bland The Ritz Carlton was okay. The room quality was good if a little small. The decor is a bit like what your rich grandmother might have though, and we felt like, while a good hotel, it was catering to an older demographic than my wife and I (we're mid-30s). We had quite a good rate but if paying the full price I think the value is not that great for the money. On the plus the staff does make an effort to tell you that they're available to serve you if required although ourselves, we seldom have much need once we check in.On the same trip we also stayed at the Hotel Monaco and found this more to our taste. A little less stiff but still great quality. All in all the Ritz is a good hotel but not as interesting to us as other hotels in the area.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding! Two night stay in the Ritz last week. Room was spotless and the bed luxurious. Had a junior suite on the 15th floor. Great view of the French Quarter and the Mississippi. Great location. Easy walking distance to Riverwalk and only one block from corner of Canal and Bourbon. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Will definitely stay at the Ritz again during my next trip to New Orleans.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rali
<Content>Not Happy I was very disappointed with the Ritz in New Orleans, it is definitely not a 5 star hotel. Our room had a very stale, moldy smell, I could barely stand it, there were hairs on the bathroom floor and a person from the staff disturbed us twice daily to check what we have used from the minibar! I gave it two stars only because the bed was nice and soft, but I would never stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dissappointed...Still I went to the Ritz in New Orleans for a conference a couple years ago. There were some issues of concern which I informed management about. I received an apology letter along with a complimentary stay for two to make-up for my dissappointing stay. I have tried on several occassions since then to book that stay, and...STILL have not been able to book my free complimentary stay.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveling_esquire
<Content>a true luxury experience I had a two-night stay at the Ritz-Carlton New Orleans October 1-3. This is an absolutely beautiful property, decorated in classic french style, with fresh flowers everywhere that gave all of the public areas a gorgeous fragrance. The rooms were beautifully done in the french country style, ours in green and sage, with toille wallpaper, striped bedskirts, decorative pillows, and the usual sublime Ritz-Carlton bedding, linens and amentities. I loved the toiletires so much that I purchased full-sized bottles of all of them in the lobby shop before my departure. We loved the sunday jazz brunch. Unbelievably lavish and delicious, with more desserts than you can actually eat in a sitting (or two). The spa is tranquil and posh, and the services top rate. Ask for Pete if you can, he's a great masseuse. You must also enjoy your morning coffee or tea and newspaper in the courtyard. Truly relaxing and special. Now, some people who write reviews on these sites always complain about things they (or anyone for that matter) cannot change, for example, scaffolding around the building (which was there during our stay). Who cares? Do you think the members of the wedding that was held there during our stay cared? I think not. Not to mention that the building has a second entrance on Iberville and Dauphine streets, which was beautiful and had no scaffolding. Overall, if you are looking for a true luxury experience, you must stay here. I would definitely return and would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5 Star Service-Decor too dated Stayed at the Ritz -August 25 thru the 28. The service is excellent and the fitness room is well equipped. Our room was small, however the bed was very comfortable. Although, I did not feel that this was a 5 star hotel in looks, first off it is in the old Maison Blanche building (not bad within itself)but there is alot of construction going on around it. The decor is dated (very conservative and sedate). The pool area reminds me of a mausoleum, it was very clean and well stocked with towels but a creepy feeling. I will not stay there again. I did enjoy the Hotel Monaco, very up and vibrant.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fattymax2
<Content>Loved The Ritz We just returned from our stay at the New Orleans Ritz Carlton. It was our first trip to the big easy and were concerned about traveling with our toddler. The hotel accommodated our family well, busy toddler and all. This hotel is absolutely up to par with it's worldwide reputation. The staff is great overall. We did experience some little problems but did not spend much time breaking down because the world is not perfect. Our trip was definately enhanced by the beautiful hotel,rooms, ambiance and service. The hotel goes out of their way to create comfort and we definately felt at home.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not up to the Ritz-Carlton standards We stayed in an Executive Suite on a recent four day trip to New Orleans. The suite appeared perfect initially then we discovered an unclean bathroom facility and waited two days for a special request from housekeeping. Despite the rocky start the service for the most part was up to Ritz-Carlton standards though turn down was skipped one night. The lack of a swimming pool was a disappointment in the August heat of New Orleans. There always seemed to be security personnel around the entrances to both the Ritz and the Maison-Orleans during the day. At night there was no visible security. We had to report an obvious intrusion by a New Orleans less fortunate into the Maison elevators at 2 am to a befuddled night guest service person. The person wandering around was harmless and simply looking to gain access..but this was not reassuring about the hotel security concerns. All the personnel were friendly and helpful until departure when my traveling companion was instructed to find a taxi on Canal Street upon departure. I can say I amazed the Ritz in New Orleans has maintained its 5 star 5 diamond ratings. I wrote an email to management concerning both praise and a couple of the problems. I am happy to say I was answered promptly, courteously and in writing. For that reason I will return to the Ritz in New Orleans. Otherwise the Windsor Court would get my business in the future.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place for a getaway! My husband and I celebrated our 25th wedding anniversary in New Orleans and The Ritz was a perfect place to stay! Our accommodations were wonderful and the service was great!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel I just returned home from a 4-day Girls Weekend at the Ritz Carlton. It started off a little shaky. I had actually booked a room at the Maison Orleans (the Ritz Carlton's Club Level Hotel) and when I called to confirm my reservation, they had me down for one king bed per room. I explained that I was traveling with my girlfriends and needed two double beds for room. The Maison only has three double bed rooms and they were already booked. After speaking to everyone and their mother at the hotel, I was able to secure a room in the regular Ritz, but on the 14th floor (previously the Club Level). It was a 500 sq.ft. room with two King Beds and a large bathroom. They even gave us a better rate and we still had access to the Club Lounge. The Club Lounge is definitely worth the extra money. For breakfast they had fruit, cereals, breakfast meets, muffins, bagels, oatmeal, etc. In the late morning they had salads, finger sandwiches, etc. In the afternoon they had pastries and tea. In the evening they had hor d'oeuvres and at night they had desserts. Wine was available at all times and the staff was more than happy to make you a mixed drink. Water, soda, etc. were available at all times.The Spa was nice...I'm a little surprised it was a top ten, but it the treatment was relaxing and the staff was very nice.I expect a lot out of a hotel and can usually find a lot to complain about. I found very little at this hotel. The lobby was gorgeous, the rooms were large and clean, the spa was beautiful, and the every staff member I encountered has extremely helpful and professional. I would completely recommend this hotel to anyone!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Ritz My husband and I booked our trip to New Orleans through Expedia.com. We stayed July 9- 14, 2004. I was not sure what to expect, not having booked through a discount agency before. It was a wonderful experience. The hotel greeted us and extended us as warm a welcome as could be expected anywhere. Always speaking respectfully and helpfully to guests must be a requirement to work at the Ritz. Our room was both elegant and comfortable. The bed is absolutely heavenly. The housekeeping service is the finest I have ever observed and I have stayed in many fine hotels all over the world. If I must say anyhting that could be improved, it would be to turn the beautiful courtyard into a courtyard with a pool. That would have been a nice addition to the hotel. I would recommmend the Ritz New Orleans to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Honeymoon at the Ritz My new husband and I booked our room through the hotel's website and could not have been happier. We spent 5 nights at the hotel for our honeymoon and booked a package they were advertising ($175 per night). The room was beautiful and the staff was excellent. My husband spoke to the concierge a few days before we arrived to ask for flowers and champagne to be in the room when we arrived. I was in heaven! We had a late check-in and he was worried that the ice would be melted in the champagne bucket or the flowers would be missing, but the concierge took care of everything and it was wonderful. Also, we had tried to get a reservation at Delmonico's a month in advance and were not able to get reservations, when we arrived we asked the concierge and he got us reservations at the exact date and time we asked for. After that we asked them to make all our reservations for the week and they took great care of us. The full bathroom was huge and there was even an extra half bath in the room. I don't know if they upgraded us because it was our honeymoon but I don't think I will be able to stay anywhere else after this. There was no view but everything else made up for it. There was a seperate living room and bedroom with a king size bed. The room was huge! (Room #1110) Also, one of the reviews mentioned problems with coffee and food in the hotel. Pete's has great coffee in the lobby in the morning and the food we had in the French Quarter Bar was better than average. Also, we were very impressed with the nightly music in two of the hotels bars (Lobby Lounge and the French Quarter Bar). I'm not sure the schedules of the live music, but we stayed in the bars in the hotel more nights than we went out because the atmosphere was great and the music was wonderful. The trumpet player, Jeremy Davenport, who plays on the weekends should not be missed. I can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Expected more Disappointing is the key word for the Ritz New Orleans. We expected first class treatement at the Ritz. Our room was tiny, and service was inconsistent. The internet system did not work. Trying to find a snack or hor'doerve to go with an early afternoon drink was difficult, except in the very dark bar. We stayed at the Ritz primarily for the spa, but the staff were rude and unprofessional. The manager tried to make up for it after we complained, but the damage was done. There is no outiside pool. Even getting a cup of coffee was impossible. They provide a coffee urn until 8AM, but it is taken away at variable times; then it took about 15 minutes to find someone in the restaurant, who could find a cup of coffee to take back to your room. That really startes your day right. On our last day they opened a Pete's Coffee in the lobby, which settled that somehat. The hotel certainly is not worth the premium price.   
<Date>Jun 16, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jptravel
<Content>The best around My family and I stayed at the Ritz for a long weekend. When we checked in a bit early, only one of our two rooms was ready, but we were assured the second room would be ready momentarily as it was being cleaned. We brought all of the luggage to the first room which was very beautifully decorated and of standard size. When we returned later in the day, we checked into the second room which was next door. This room was enormous. It was a standard double room, but easily twice the size. The decor was completly different from the first, but equally as beautiful and comfortable. The beds were amazing and the bathroom well designed and large. The service in the hotel can't be beat. Everyone greets you by name when you come and go, and concierge has confirmed all the reservations we had made before arriving. The location is great if you walk out of the hotel and go left. You are 2 blocks from the action of Burbon Street. If you turn right, you are in a bad area, but security seemed tight. Because you have to change elevators and must walk by the front desk to get to your room, we felt extra secure. The spa too, was fantastic. They even escorted us back to the room after the massage in our robes!No need to rent a car. Anywhere that you can't walk to in 5-10 minutes, you can get to by street car or taxi as soon as you walk out the door.This is the most elegant hotel in NO hands down.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Stay at the Ritz Our stay was during the first week of April. The hotel is about 25 minutes from the Airport (for only $35 there is a chaufferred towncar from the airport, a taxi is $28.) We were only three blocks from Bourbon street, and about seven more from the main waterfront/french market. We enjoyed so much there, it is more than we can put into this e-mail. The Hotel was elegant, clean, and not smokey or loud. However, we followed others' tips and stayed on the 12th floor away from Canal Street. We had a small view of the Mississippi and the courtyard from our window. We did run into traffic issues due to a conference that was there the exact same time we were, so you had to know what thier meeting schedule was to miss them halting the elevator on every floor. The only problem we had with the hotel service, was being able to call for towels. It actually took us a couple of days before they came with extras. On the positive side, I had mentioned that it was our anniversary, and at our check in, there were gorgeous chocolate strawberries with blueberries and a chocolate happy anniversary ribbon waiting for us. A local told us that the reason you are able to get a room for only $99 a night there, is because they are bankrupt. But, we paid a bit more and were still happy. We are going to try another hotel when we return, but mostly because we like to change it up. :)  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pennsyguy
<Content>disappointed A very nice hotel, but not up to the reputation of the chain overall. Service was somewhat spotty; turndown service did not occur every night, for example. Also, the high speed internet connection was very balky; for some reason it did not permit browsing many websites, including all newspaper web sites, which nobody could seem to solve. The technology butler was not very good at his job. The concierge level has a nice lounge, with decent food, but if I got there after 9AM all of the newspapers were gone, and I was out of luck. The room itself was smallish and rather dark, although the bathroom was huge. Toiletries didn't get replaced properly, oddly enough. On the other hand, bell captain service and the doormen were very good. Concierge could not obtain restaurant reservations, even two months in advance, in spite of telling me how omnipotent they were. Overall, this particular property is not as good as the other Ritz properties I have stayed at. Location is superb, but for the money you are better off with other alternatives.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hoonsgal
<Content>The Ritz Rocks We stayed at the Ritz from January 31-February 4, 2004. Here are my thoughts:Of utmost importance to me is the room. I was very pleased with our accomodations. The room was spotless, tastefully decorated, not too small and very comfortable. The bed was especially comfortable.Our room faced Canal Street. After reading the reviews here, I requested a high floor and was glad I did so. Canal is pretty bustling and loud, even on the 12th floor, but not so much so that I couldn't get to sleep or stay asleep. (I think the 13th and 14th floor are club level, so 12th is as high as it goes.) If you really want it quiet, you might request a room not facing Canal.The service was very good too. Everyone was personable and helpful. The cleaning was done promptly and thoroughly.One previous review complained about the taxi situtation. I did not see that as a problem. There were generally several cabs waiting to go outside the Ritz and that was never an issue.The location of the hotel was also great. We were close to the St. Charles street car and could pretty much walk everywhere we wanted to go. (We did not rent a car and I'm glad we didn't, since we didn't need one and the valet prices at the hotel are insane.)Room service was yummy too.If you are grappling with paying extra for the club level, I wouldn't. I struggled with that too, but ultimately I'm glad I didn't. The food in New Orleans cannot be beat and is surprisingly affordable. Had I done the club, I would have felt more wed to the hotel to get my money's worth. I don't regret not doing that because NO has the best food ever! Have a great time! And just as an aside, if you are celeb watcher you might run into a few at the Ritz. I saw Erika Badu and several basketball players.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>swatts1
<Content>Fantastic Hotel This is one of the nicest hotels I've stayed in. We had a huge corner room which looked out on Canal Street, as well as a side street. The beds were very comfortable with turndown service. All hotel employees were courteous and went out of their way to help. When we asked someone for the best way to get out to the French Quarter for dinner reservation, he didn't just direct us - he walked us all the way through the shopping promenade, out onto the street and then pointed us exactly where we needed to go. Bravo!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved staying at the ritz I cant tell you how impressed i was with this hotel..I arrived here on 12/17/03 and the staff was so nice and helpful and the hotel was beautiful..this was my first time to New Orleans and staying at the ritz really made the trip wonderful..my room was excellant and the bed was soooo comfy. I really enjoyed the featherbed. At night, they bring you chocolates and turn-down your bed.. the tub was great for late-night bathe and the room service was prompt and ready to serve. I will definetly come back and stay here again..  
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>SMOKERS HAWAII ~~~~~~Hilton! If you are a SMOKER NO PROBLEMA!Now, if you are not PLEASE don't ask the cleaning staff to FILTER THE AIR IN YOUR ROOM , Because if you have asthma, or allergies or are disgusted by dirt, NEVER NEVER NEVER, stay here again.Thank you for your attention. HINT THE RITZ ;)  
<Date>Jan 30, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great room, not so great event service Finally, I have arrived! I thought when the front desk called my room an hour after I checked in to make sure everything was to my liking and if I would like my room to be serviced at any particular time. And of course almost every staff addressed me by name. I love my room: the comfy feather bed, downcomforter, high thread count sheets, marble bathroom with nice deep tub! Even the guys attending my events couldn't stop raving about the size of their bathroom! Of course, they raved even more about the great location - right at the entrance of the French Quarter, one blk from Bourbon St. My favorite: fresh terrycloth slippers and complimentary shoe shine everyday! And this is the ONLY hotel where I had GREAT banquet/event food! The seafood gumbo was the best I ever had. On the downside, their event staff really did not live up to the Ritz reputation. Our equipments were not moved as requested (3 times!), AV equipment didn't work right, room rates and reservation for five of the people in my group were wrong, conference rooms were either too cold or hot, poor sound insolation between conference rooms, very SLOW response by the banquet manager to my request and complaints, etc. etc. Nevertheless, I would hold another event here if I can get the same rate - $140/nt and I would not hesitate to stay here for pleasure!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ritzy We checked into the hotel on Dec. 26th for a two night stay after finding the great $99 rate online. Having read previous entries for this hotel, I requested a room facing the French Quarter but was told only rooms facing Canal Street were still available. I asked for a room as high as possible and was given one on the 7th floor (The 3rd floor is the lobby and the 4th is meeting rooms). I was a little worried about the noise from Canal Street but Friday was relatively quiet so we decided to remain. Unfortunately Saturday night was incredibly noisy not only with sirens but also with the booming of car stereos and yelling all night long. With only single pane windows that rattled with the stereo sound, needless to say, we didn't sleep well. The steep cost of parking is also something to consider too.Overall, the hotel is beautiful, the marble bathroom and the king size bed was luxurious and the staff was very friendly. However, next time we travel to New Orleans, we agreed we want to stay somewhere a little less generic in its luxury, deeper in the French Quarter and somewhere a lot quiter.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfort!! I was impressed with the comfort of the rooms we stayed in. At $99 a night (because of the time of year we went) was unbeatable. They could work on service. One of the doors of the T.V. armoire was not opening correctly and my father almost got hit by it several times. We informed the front desk but was never fixed. I guess we didn't insist enough. Skip the restaurant, they had great service but food was expensive and not all that great.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming and Elegant 3 nights at the Ritz Carlton in New Orleans in early December. Staff were wonderful. The location was perfect, just a few blocks away from the Quarter to allow for quiet sleep night but easy easy walking access to Bourbon Street, etc. The beds are incredible, down duvets and pillows. The rooms are very clean, with excellent baths and bath amenities. Room service was top of the line. One word of caution about the resturants in house. Great for lunch and dinner, but breakfast is a bank breaker. $50 for two people eating scrambled eggs and drinking orange juice. Nice eggs, nice orange juice. But a $25 value at best.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not the best..... Just got back from a several night stay at the Ritz Carlton in New Orleans and we were disappointed.A caveat, the reason we stayed at the Ritz on our Thanksgiving trip was that we found an incredible deal for $99 a night until the weekend nights where the rates raised to $199 - but overall about $130 a night which is hard to beat in New Orleans.Overall, the stay was worth $130 a night but if we were paying full price (+$200) we would have been sorely disappointed. The hotel delivered on the large details (i.e. good staff, upscale rooms) but missed the small things that other upscale chains (i.e. other Ritzs, 'W's and Hilton) don't.To be brief, the taxi situation was horrible with a half hour wait each time a taxi was needed (the doormen always seemed surprised anyone would need a taxi). Another time we called to order a taxi the previous night to be told that calling a taxi would not be an issue the next morning at 5 am (for an early flight), we called again that morning before we left the room (so they'd be ready). When we arrived downstairs we were met with confusion (no one was aware we needed a taxi) plus the streets in front of the hotel had been closed off so taxis could not even come to the hotel - we ended up calling one specifically and making our flight. In addition, the hotel failed to successfully perform a wake up call (we used the in room alarm clock as back up so it worked out). Also, if you do stay here, ask for a quiet room (not facing Canal Street) as sirens, bass of cars were deafening during the Weekend evenings (until 4 am).One other note, this was a big weekend with a huge football game (30,000+ fans in town) but in New Orleans big weekends are normal. Again, the staff was great (i.e. front desk, concierge) and the rooms were nice (marble bathrooms, fluff beds) and for $130 a great deal - but not what we've come to expect from other hotels in the chain.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sugarland
<Content>Loved it It was wonderful. Location, staff and spa were excellent. Bedding was luxurious.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the ritz-carlton new orleans was lovely we have just returned from a stay at the ritz-carlton in beautiful new orleans. this hotel is the best in the city! fantastic courtyard, close to the quarter but not directly in the craziness. the room was elegant! bathroom was nice. modern and clean but luxurious. this hotel was expensive but so is every other decent hotel in town. don't chance staying someplace else. when i got to town and saw the other comparable priced hotels i was SO glad we chose the ritz! the staff was extra helpfull and friendly. the sunday jazz brunch was not great and was expensive. that was the only drawback i found. skip the jazz brunch and go to brennen's insted.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pampered at the Ritz My stay there was excellant, I had a couple that cancelled at the last moment and the ritz did not charged them a dime. The service, beds and location was wonderful, we will be doing it again!!!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2003
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Anniversary Hubby and I tried their Bed and Breakfast package for our anniversary and loved every moment. The very reasonable price (330) included breakfast for two from Victor's, complimentary parking, and a lovely jazz cd. We were warmly greeted and congratulated on our anniversary. After a day of sightseeing we returned to find chocolate covered strawberries and an anniversary card waiting for us. After dinner we returned to find our bed turned down with chocolates and a full bucket of ice standing by. Our request for breakfast in bed instead of downstairs was easily accomodated as was our request for early check in the day before because the timing of our spa services. Would definitely return again!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Ritz The room was extremely nice with a lovely bathroom. The bed was so comfortable with luxurious sheets and wonderful pillows. All of the staff were very nice, attentive and addressed any needs immediately. Be sure and visit The Collection, a boutique in the hotel for a great shopping experience with Wanda an exceptional lady. I had a lovely 4 night stay at the Ritz and will definitely stay again when I return to New Orleans. Jan G.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel!! I cannot write anything bad about this hotel. Everything was simply luxurious. The bedding was extra soft and comfortable, the living space and bathroom was large. The servants were all friendly and very helpful. The baby spinach salad was delicious, as were their cheeseburgers and other sandwiches. I never got the opportunity to have dinner there but I am sure it would have been wonderful. My husband, two sons and I played cards in their library and other sitting area. I felt like a queen. We were able to stay there on a special deal that American Express was having and it made it very affordable. As long as you are prepared to pay high prices for the food and anything else you want there you will enjoy your stay thoroughly.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Ritz The Ritz was so wonderful. The employees were so nice. It was a beautiful hotel. Triple sheets and down filled blankets. It was not very far from Bourbon St. Walking distance from all the attractions farmers market, riverwalk,casino. We had a great time. One thing to mention is parking fees 25.00 a night. Another thing is you're tipping every time you turn around.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing can compare   showReview(1154397, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kferg99
<Content>Good location - Good hotel   showReview(1142804, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel   showReview(1139920, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Service at a good Price   showReview(1119268, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dancindaquiri
<Content>Has its good points, has its bad points   showReview(1072771, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the service   showReview(994649, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worried Abt My Upcoming Visit   showReview(859278, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Adored this Hotel   showReview(841929, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>N.O.TV- An amentiy at the Ritz Carlton    showReview(821700, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best hotel in New Orleans   showReview(707398, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19169419, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage guter Concierge   showReview(13979508, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

