<Author>gecscats
<Content>Graet Hotel, good location We spent a long weekend at the hotel at the beginning of January. On arrival we were welcomed with a chilled glass of cava, nice touch. The staff were very friendly and helpful and provided us with a city map and info on Barcelona. Our room was spotless, nicely furnished with a spacious bathroom. We looked out on to a side street which was good as the hotel is on a very busy main road and I think the rooms at the front could be a little noisy. The hotel location is excellent, near the major sites of interest with lots of good restaurants with in walking distance. We didn't eat at the hotel but their restaurant menu looked good and wasn't too pricey. I would definitely stay at this hotel again if I returned to Barcelona.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Farfman
<Content>The H10 Montcada hotel is a garaunteed excellent time!!!       Roof-Top View  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Beatts
<Content>H10 Montcada There seems to be a massive difference in the rates charged for staying at this hotel so my advice would be to shop around and check out lots of different websites. I paid 拢199 for three nights room only which is not bad for a city centre hotel anywhere. The charge for breakfast was 15euros so we didn't bother as I thought that was really expensive.When we arrived there was obviously some problem with the room we had been allocated and we ended up in 205 which looked down onto the alleyway at the side of the hotel. This would not usually have bothered me but there was a large generator directly under our window that the porter informed me would be turned off that evening. It wasn't....... and it looks like its going to be there for a while so take some earplugs or be prepared to ask for a room change.Everything about the location has been said before .... it is perfect for exploring the city and quite safe at night. We had no problem with pickpockets but some of the side roads are a bit dark however there are loads of bars and restaurants within a few minutes walk.We didn't have any food at the hotel but the drinks were reasonably priced and there is a daily special of beer, sandwich / burger and a coffee for 6euros (ask for your burger well done they are quite pink).  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>2	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>worldtraveler03Italy
<Content>Love the Champagne! We had a great stay at H10 Montcada. The staff was extremely helpful with booking dinner reservations and a Flamenco show at Cordobes. They greeted us with Champagne and offered us a free bottle with fresh strawberries and cream for later in our stay. The breakfast buffet was ample. It had vegetarian options. The coffee was good. We judge a breakfast by the coffee. Nothing beats a good cup of coffee. Our room was a mini apartment. The seating area was seperate from the sleeping area and the bathroom was on the other side of the sitting room. It had two tvs and was very comfortable. We will definitely stay here again on our next visit to Barcelona!! The hotel is right across the street from the Juame I metro stop. Centrally located for everything.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MalViDroitwichWorcs
<Content>First Class We stayed at the Montcada for a 3 day break 18-21 November. Excellent location right in the heart of the Gothic area - within easy walking distance to numerous bars and restaurants. The hotel was excellent both the food quality, the staff and the layout.The City offical tour bus is the best way to see the city, its cheaper to get the 2 day pass, you can jump on and off as many times as you want. Don't expect to see everything in a couple of days be selective, plan ahead, the bus tends to get stuck in traffic alot of the time. If your going for a week or more there is plenty to see and do. A wonderful city with very friendly and helpful people, no problems encountered. Will be returning - ENJOY...  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>star001
<Content>highly rated!!!! We stayed in this hotel from the 15/11/8 to the 17/11/8 and would definitely go back! on arrival @ midday, our room wasn鈥檛 ready, so they took our bags and we went exploring. We came back at 3 but the room still wasn鈥檛 ready - they sent us up to the roof with a glass of champagne each  we eventually were allowed to check in at 4.30pm. Very late but they gave us a voucher for 2 lots of strawberrys and a bottle of cava to use at some point during our stay. The delay hadnt really stopped us from doing anything so we were pleased! we paid 拢95 a night with 25% off all spa massages  including breakfast - which was great, I don鈥檛 think It was missing anything! hot food consisted of; toast baconegg (fried  scrambled) mushrooms beans churros  chocolate cold food consisted of; cold meats  cheeses salmoncereals (at least 6 to chose from)lots of cut  uncut fruit crossants/breadscakes  pastries choc fountain with fruit sticksyogartdrinks - at least 6 juices to choose from, tea  coffee, cava the room was small, but sufficient with a safty deposit box and plenty of storage space. a flat screen tv was mounted on the wall and the bed was not as hard as id read! pillows were a little flat but not so bad that we had to ask for more. there was a mini bar which was abit pricey (a 0.33ml bottle of water was 2 euros!) the same water from the supermarket (which is literally the next 2 doors down) is 0.21euros!!! bathroom was a good size, shower was excellent - but right next to a really large window. it was frosted so you couldn鈥檛 see it but it could be opened right out (and easily) so I wouldn鈥檛 leave kids alone in there! Plenty of toiletries were in there; shower gel shampoomoisturisershower capsewing kitshoe shine tissues toothbrushs and paste (enough for one clean)razer with creamsoapI was really impressed by all the little extras which are handy when doing weekends away to keep luggage to a minimum! the hotel was very modern, the staff very helpful, the roof was stunning and had a lovely view..... the only thing that id have liked would have been tea  coffee facilities in the room.location was excellent - I was so glad that we wasn鈥檛 along Las Rumblas (I found it quite tacky/seedy  a massive rip off - one caf茅/bar wanted 16 euros for a brandy and coke - we didn鈥檛 hang around) but we were still only a 10 min walk from it. we were also only 2 mins to the port and 5 mins from the catalunya plaza. judging from what we saw and doing the bus tours - our location was purfect. sorry if this is a little long winded but I wanted to add all the things that id like to know from a review!!!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>mimmiFinland
<Content>Great Location ! Very good place to visit. Hotel was clean, good atmosphere and quite helpful staff. The single room was spacious enough and the bathroom was bigger than a normal hotel bathroom. The only negative things were that1. we could not get breakfast on the day we left (we had to leave just after 7 am and the buffet would start at 7). There was no possibility of going in earlier, even if all was set...2. restaurant recommendations were poor. We asked for a nice steakhouse, we were suggested an artsy place with expensive food and limited menu. The steaks on the list were not even available!!I must agree on the other comments here; the sparkling wine when checking in was a big plus. And the beds are very hard :=)  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>collino
<Content>Great location Found what was billed as romantic special on a website where we would get a glass of Moet Chandon and a lovers dessert on the sun terrace and a complimentary jacuzzi. Got none of it.The staff were friendly enough and I went upto the room and was quite frankly a bit dissapointed. I have been in much better 4 star accomodation. The rooms were quite small but clean and well maintained.Never ate their so cannot comment on the food.After enquiring at reception I got a bottle of cava and the dessert brought to the room. I could not be bothered to argue for Moet.The location is superb and opposite Jaume 1 metro. However we were on the sixth floor and in the morning the rumble of the metro was clearly audible.I would stay again but ask for a room at the rear.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>NicPF
<Content>Excellent location but a slight lack of client focus This hotel has an excellent location, a superb top roof bar, nice staff with very good English and very nice rooms for the price.Normally it would have received a 4 star rating but there were two issues. One, they did not have our room ready as promised and tried to give us a first floor room with street noise and a view to an alley (instead of a bigger room on the eight floor with a spectacular view). Two, they wrote on our client card that breakfast was included and informed my wife when arriving in the morning, that it was not included but she could have breakfast for a *bargain* price of Euro 20. The breakfast was indeed not included in the room rate but I except a hotel to honor their mistakes.Otherwise this hotel would indeed be a four star rating.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	1	2	4	

<Author>JLHBelfast
<Content>Excellent Hotel! Stayed at this very centrally located hotel for 4 nights October 2008. Easy access to Las Ramblas and Gothic Quarter. On a main road, which we didnt find noisy as we were on 8th floor. Metro, Tour Bus, taxi rank and Starbucks within 2 min walk. The Port is 5 minute brisk walk. Barcelona Cathedral is directly opposite.Hotel staff were very friendly and very helpful. We had breakfast every morning, which was very fresh with a great selection of cold meats/cheeses, fresh fruit, cooked breakfast and pastries. We had dinner one night in the hotel, fresh, reasonably priced, small portions (but typical for Barcelona). Our room was small, bathroom well-sized. We didnt spend much time there so the size didnt bother us at all. No tea/coffee facilities, not sure if we were meant to have these, we didnt ask anyhow.Roof top terrace has lovely views of city, windy but pleasant to sit in sun. Didnt use Spa faciilities but seemed reasonably priced and you get 25% discount on arrival.Free internet and computers in reception. Hotel very clean, tastefully decorated, free safety deposit box in room.We couldnt fault our stay at this hotel, was perfectly located (away from las ramblas but easily accessible), clean, good food and lovely staff. Would stay here again and would recommend it to others.If you want to try Tapas, highly recommend Cal Pep in Place de Olles, 5-10 min walk from hotel. Opens at 8 on weeknights, expensive but a great experience!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pfeiffer
<Content>Great Hotel in Superb Location Just returned from 4 nights at the Montcada. Lots of great things to say about it:We weren't sure about where to be based in the city and plumped for somewhere in the Old Town. The Montcada was an excellent choice therefore and it was in easy walking of the Ramblas, Placa Cataluna and near lots of good eateries, shops etc. The nearest metro was across the road. Having got to know the city a little bit, we were glad we didn't stay elsewhere because it meant that we could wonder 'home' late at night without an unnecessarily long trip or using taxi's or other transport. The location also felt safe (safer than Ramblas anyway). We met an English couple who were staying on the Ramblas and after 4 days their impression of Barcelona was that it was 'seedy'. I think this is because they started and ended their days on the Ramblas and spent loads of time there, and it wasn't our impression at all, excpet that like most city's there are seedier areas.The hotel is lovely, clean and efficient. We got a great internet rate which included breakfast for E5 (euros) pp and the bottle of cava and fruit. We weren't going to have the breakfast included thinking we would eat it out everyday, but were really glad we did and at that price. The breakfast buffet is the best I have ever seen in any hotel. Lots of fresh fruit, pastries, cereals, juices, cheese's, meats, hot food etc. It set us up for the day and stopped us having to wonder the streets looking for somewhere (and stopped my partner being irritable with me waiting for me to be ready - because he could get started without me!!).The room is clean and the bathroom was lovely and supplied with lots of toiletries. We were expecting the room to be TINY after the reviews I had read. Whilst it wasn't the largest hotel room in the world, it was absolutely fine, consisting of a double bed, 2 sideboards, built-in wardrobe. a desk, chair, TV, mini-bar. We were out most of the time and only used it for sleeping and washing, and if you wanted to hang out there were other lounges in the hotel where you could do so. The only thing I would have wanted in the room was a decently comfortable armchair...sadly lacking in many hotel rooms. The maid put fresh flowers in the room on day 2 and when the vase broke was super efficient and friendly about clearing it.In fact all the hotel staff were friendly and they all spoke English. Check in and out was simple and they held our luggage on the last day while we went to see the last of the city. The only problem I had with this was that they photocopied our credit card on check-in and took our credit card details twice and I had to ask for the copy of the first time they did it which was done incorrectly. I don't think we had been conned at all, just that we are more rigorous in the UK about these things.Thankfully we weren't pickpocketed or anything else like that. When we were checking out at the hotel a couple came in looking distressed and said someone had just taken something from their backpack. The receptionist told us this is a regular occurrance and the pickpockets can 'smell' when they will have a success. The hotel literature mentioned that someone throwing things at your shirt and saying you have a stain is a common way to pickpocket. We 'wore' bags across our body rather than backpacks and were obviously cautious...and probably lucky.The best restaurant we found was La Fonda near the hotel...ask the hotel for directions. All the meals we had were good, if expensive. La Fonda was good food, good prices, good service and long queues.All in all we were worn out by Barcelona...Park Guell, Picasso Museum, Miro Foundation, Barcelonetta, the two Gaudi houses, cathedral, familia sagrada, shopping, eating and drinking. The hotel helped us to stay relaxed and rested. Oh BTW, good views from the hotel terrace, but very expensive mohito's from there!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>alison31
<Content>Great Location, Excellent hotel.       Our comforts  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>JohnTh29
<Content>Great Location in old town       View from the terrace  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	2	4	

<Author>KarenPW002
<Content>Great Hotel - Highly Recommended Fabulous hotel, great staff, great value!!We stayed for three nights on a 3 for 2 offer. We had already stayed in Paris and London before arriving in Barcelona, and having paid roughly the same for all three expected H10 to be much like the others - liveable but nothing to write home about.Comparatively speaking, H10was excellent! The rooms were clean, fresh and comfortable. We had champagne on arrival and I can imagine that the spa and rooftop bar would be fantastic in summer.The only problem we had with the room was that it was located next to an alleyway where an inebriated youth appeared to have misplaced his trusty friend 'Perro' - proceeding to call for him into the wee small hours! I was both fascinated and amazed by the myriad of ways Perro can be enunciated!!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>WelshCouple13
<Content>Great spot to see Barcelona from The hotel Montcada in Barcelona is situated five minutes from the Ramblas, and is right next door to the old city walls, within sight of the old Cathedral. It's certainly a superb view to take in of an evening from the roof-top bar...The harbour is only a 10 minute walk away, where you can find some excellent restaurants and smashing views.The staff at the hotel were extremely friendly and welcoming, recommending good restaurants and generally being very attentive.Rooms are reasonably small, but this is to be expected in a City centre hotel. They are well equipped, clean and well maintained. The room windows are double-glazed, so despite sitting on the Via Laietana you are not overly disturbed by the passing traffic.We didn't eat at the hotel (other than breakfast - a treat!), but heard good reports of the food there. Prices for food and drinks seemed very reasonable, with happy hour cocktails for 6 Euros a pop.All in all I'd recommend it to a visitor who's keen to be at the heart of the action.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>xxamziexx
<Content>Lovely Hotel, Great Location We stayed in the Montcada for 2 nights in August we got a taxi from the Airport which cost us 25 Euros but this was with 4 bags you pay more the more luggage you have. On arrival at the hotel we were greeted with a glass of cava as all guests are. We had a room on the second floor which was quiet small but great for what we needed if for. The location of this hotel is fantastic it is just over the road from the Metro which are really easy to use and great for getting around. Its around a 5 minute walk to the rambles and there are loads of places to eat and drink along the way.It can be a bit noisy on a night due to the location but once you get used to it its fine.The rooftop bar is really nice to sit and have a drink although its quiet expensive but your on holiday! We went to a Barcelona match which was amazing and we did the hop on hop off book tour which is also great value. Only wish we had more time 2 nights was not enough but we went onto Salou after Barcelona which was really easy. Would love to go back and would stay in this hotel again!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Wu_Kiwi
<Content>Fantastic Location       Hotel Bathroom  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>capswolde
<Content>Great service, location, breakfast This hotel is in great location. Rooms are small, avoid rooms with7 or 10, they are cupboards not rooms. We got 707, we went to change and were moved next day to 302. A very nce room. It seems all rooms in spain are small. Bed was hard but bathroom was excellent. Service was first class, they were helpful and polite. Breakfast is excellent. Rooftop bar and spa area is lovely, drinks a bit expensive but it is a hotel. Close to subway so get train from airport and save youself 25 euro each way for taxi.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>foxyrod
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed in this Hotel for a 5 day break and couldn't fault it. We booked it as a package and considering the location, modern apperance, cleanliness and helpful staff I believe it represents great value for money. Our room was on the 'inside' of the building - this sacrificed the view of the busy Via Laeitina for that of a narrow court yard but we had no problem with this as it meant that it was amazingly quiet at all times of the day and night. The room was very well furnished with two flat screen TV's (one in the small 'lounge' area and another in the bedroom, a spacious bath and shower room and plenty of wardrobe space. Certainly, the particular room we were in was of a perfectly adequate size for a short break and I have to say could have stopped in our room much longer without any problems. The room also featured a a modern digital safe (free), a fairly efficient air-con system and a mini-bar. The furnishings were very up to date and very stylish. Maid Service was excellent and the room was spotlessly clean. The hotel is in a great location with lots of great restaurants, bars and shops near by, in addition to the Cathedral, Las Ramblas and a stop for the Tourist Bus which is just up the road.As part of our stay we were entitled to a free bottle of Cava which we drank on the fabulous roof-top terrace whilst the sun went down over Barcelona's fabulous skyline. If you get the same standard of room that we were in...book this hotel...it's a great place.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FridaLicious
<Content>Great location and nice staff We've just got back from Barcelona and staying at this hotel. It was very well located and easy to get around Barcelona from. The hotel staff were all very friendly (we got a free glass of Cava on arrival) and spoke perfect English. They were also helpful when trying to sort out the safe in our room as it wasn't working and allowed us to use their safe.The room was slightly on the small side and the bed wasn't very comfortable but it was overall very clean. The air conditioning in our room didn't seem to keep the room cool enough for Mid-July.The included breakfast with the room was very impressive, with lots of different things to choose from including a hot buffet and lots of fresh fruit and cakes. We also ate in the restaurant one night where we were given a free glass of Cava again and the three course fixed rate menu was good and very filling, for just 20 Euros.Make sure you visit the new roof-top bar at night for some amazing views.The staff also allowed us to store our luggage in a safe place for a whole day while we explored the city for the last time before heading back to the airport.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Ed-ze-frog
<Content>Little value for money Stayed at Montcada in July 2008 with friends. Location is fantastic and roof top bar is worth the visit. However, twin rooms were charmless and very small, beds were mildly comfortable; I do not think that they deserve 拢100 ($200) asked per night per room (without breakfast) even in peak season. Avoid rooms on Via Laietana as the avenue is very noisy. Rooms on lower floors have a poor view, so ask for rooms on upper floors.Staff was friendly but in some instance not helpful. Free internet access is offered.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>IanG001
<Content>Great Location, check out the rooftop bar The hotel was part of a package and much better than we expected. Fantastic location - easy to get to the shops, port and beach.The rooms are compact but perfectly acceptable. Various web sites warn you about the room sizes, so this was no surprise to us.- Staff were very helpful- Free cava when checking in.- Breakfast was very good (part of our package)Check out the rooftop bar. Good views.The only (minor) downside is that the hotel bar closed at midnight.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>shelleyf
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised This hotel was reasonably priced, so my expectations were not too high but I am pleased to say they were far surpassed. The hotel was stylish, staff were not only courteous and friendly but extremely helpful. Our room was a twin and of good size. It was clean and comfortable. The breakfast was lovely, with a choice of fruits, continental or english breakfast, all within the price. As we were there for a birthday, the hotel looked at the passport details and a bottle of bubbly was delivered to the room courtesy of the hotel. The roof terrace was small but great for a spot of sunbathing or drink in the evening, and the view from up there was spectaular.As you can expect in the city the traffic can be heard, especially in the lower rooms.Would happily return to this hotel. Great value for money.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>clarierose
<Content>Couldn't have been better! We stayed at the H10 for 3 nights last week and could not have been happier. We had been told that there were mostly twin rooms in the hotel, however we were given a double-room which we were pleased about.The location of the hotel is perfect - walking distance to everything you could want to see.The staff were friendly - particularly liked the touch of a glass of Cava on arrival, and were able to help with all requests and questions.The room was great - we had a room at the front of the hotel, however on the top floor, so noise was not an issue. The room was not large, but had everything that we needed and was never cramped. The bathroom was good also.We particularly liked the roof terrace - make sure that access to this is included in your stay. A great place for a drink or just to enjoy the sun and read, and fantastic views of Barcelona.The breakfast - which was included in our rate - was great: fresh fruit, hot dishes, breads, cold meats and cheeses, cereals, fresh pastries and juices - everything that you could wish for.The only slightly disappointing aspect was the room service - this did not start until 10.30am and then when we ordered dinner to our room we waited quite a while and received 2 compeltely wrong dishes. But in a city with such amazing eating it serves us right for getting room service!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JAS2008
<Content>Great Hotel We had a great time at the H10 Montcada Hotel despite the fact that it was a little noisy - it's located on a busy main road in Barcelona. However it was central to the main sights and attractions in the city. It's an easy place to get around - we walked about 45 miles in 4 days during which we experienced the real atmosphere of the city which we would not have done had we taken public transport everwhere. The people were lovely - very friendly and helpful. We realised though that March was maintenance month as some of the things we wanted to do and lots of the fountains were either being renovated or simply weren't operating. There is a vast array of places to eat and whilst everyone says that it's a real pick pocket area we didn't feel threatened at all. It's the same as any other city in the world - you just need to be mindful of what you do with your belongings. We had a fantastic city break and we would recommend it to everyone.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>HSE
<Content>Great Hotel       Hotel from across the street  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>L0Ve2TraVel5
<Content>Excellent Location Prime location!!!! Jaume I metro directly across the street. 5 minute walk to Las Ramblas. 10 min walk to the left down to Placa Catalunya where you can catch the Aerobus from the Airport. 10 min walk to the right and you are at Port Veil. Hotel itself very nice. Staff extremely helpful and willing to answer any questions we had. We did get to enjoy our glass of Cava upon arrival :-) Lobby very nice....good mojitos. I have to agree with previews reviews that the room was a small but very well kept with modern fixtures. Bed was a little hard for my liking but my husband loved it. Bathroom shower, very good size. Breakfast service offered a variety of fruits, juices, cheeses, meats. Lovely way to start off the day. I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MercerChow
<Content>Great location, wobbly wi-fi I spent 5 nights at the H10 Montcada in March 2008. While not perfect, it was fine and I would stay there again.The location is central, right by the Jaume I Metro station. It鈥檚 about a ten-minute walk to Placa Catalunya, where there is a great variety of subway and train service. Ten minutes in the opposite direction and you are at the waterfront.I had a room on the sixth floor, on the corner (room 603). It was not huge but adequate, with two twin beds and, yes, the mattresses were firm. The downside of being above a subway station is that you are above a subway station. I could hear and feel the rumble on the sixth floor, but I didn鈥檛 lose any sleep.I was pleased that when I arrived first thing in the morning they had a room for me. Your results may vary, but at least they did not make me wait until the official check-in time. The front desk staff were fine at all times.The shower was good with plenty of hot water and pressure. I did not try the fitness center.My biggest semi-complaint regards the wi-fi. (I say only a semi-complaint because I was not expecting wi-fi at all, so whatever they had was a bonus.) My room was on the fringe of the sixth floor signal. Sometimes it was good, but other times I had to sit on the (uncarpeted) floor right by the door in order to pick it up.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>brni
<Content>Best location in Barcelona Stayed 6-9 March 2008Had requested a double room, however on arrival reception staff advised us that double room allocated was quite small with no view and suggested that we would be better with room 203 which had twin beds. We took this room which was excellent large corner room with balcony. View to left was of port and to right was towards cataluyna square, across was side wall of cathedral. Hotel location was convenient to all attractions .The hotel reception, bar and restaurant staff were the most helpful and knowledgeable we have ever encountered, taking time to advise on the best methods of travel to the various attractions and pointing out metro and other transport options on our maps.The huge breakfast included fresh fruits ,cereal, full english and continental choices followed by delicious cakes and pastries.We had an evening meal in the restaurant which was served with equal standard of great service value and food quality.Overall a well appointed hotel with great friendly staff in perfect location. In city centre so dont expect tranquility.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RosieFlynn
<Content>Good location, but small room! I stayed here last year and thought it was OK, nothing special, but did the job.The staff at reception were a bit surly and did a quick check-in and sent me off to my room..The room was probably one of the smallest I have stayed in, however, I was traveling alone, so thie wasn't much of a problem.The bathroom was a good size, tub with over head shower.For me the location is the best feature of this hotel, you are near a few of the tourist attractions, just a short walk to the harbour and lots of restaurants and bars around.I vist Barcelona twice a year for work and am still in search of a hotel that ticks all the boxes....including price!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>bignut
<Content>Excellent hotel !       view to the right from our room  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RoyNorthernIreland
<Content>Smallest Hotel Room Ever!!!!! Stayed in this Hotel 1-5th March 2008. With my wife. As other reviews pointed out, the hotel is in a superb location in the 'Gothic Quarter' close to the Cathedral. Situated on a main road about three over from and parallel to La Rambla. Beside the underground Metro station which proved to be highly efficient and cost-effective. We were initially allocated a room which was tiny. Hardly able to walk around the bed. However the hotel reception staff promised to re-allocate us to a larger room the following day - which they did. The staff in the hotel were very friendly and helpful. We only had breakfast there, but we should have tried the lunch and/or evening meals. The breakfast was adequate and there was a lot of cold meats, cheeses etc to choose from. The hot food was restricted to bacon, sausages (one day only) tiny mushrooms, fried/scrambled eggs and fried bread. Rooms cleaned and bed linen changed each day. The bed was very firm. The bathroom was excellent and very clean. I am glad that we had the benefit of reading the reviews of others as we were prepared for the small rooms. I gather also that many of the other hotels in the area have equally small rooms. So don't let that put you off as the hotel has a lot of positive points.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>IrelandGracie27
<Content>Nice hotel but alot of street noise Myself and my boyfriend stayed here in September 07. The location was fantastic, right by the Cathedral and El Borne and a short walk to La Rambla. There was also a Metro stop opposite the hotel.The downfall for this hotel was firstly the street noise. As the hotel is located on a busy street i found it very difficult to sleep without ear plugs (and im not a light sleeper). So ask for a room at the back. The other downside was our bed was hard as a rock. Im not fussy about hotel rooms, etc as you spend very little time in them when on a weekend break but a comfy bed is a must. Everything else at the hotel was lovely, staff etc we were even greeted with a glass of champagne on our arrival.Breakfast was also good with a good selection. Overall a nice hotel apart from the above  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>kydubb
<Content>Great Location We spent 5 nights at the H10 Montcada. The Aerobus from the airport to Placa Catalunya was convenient and a good deal for 4.10 euro . Arriving early on Sunday morning, we decided to skip the metro and walked the rest of the way. We quickly realized how centrally located the hotel was. While this was the smallest hotel room we have ever stayed in, it was well laid out, functional and comfortable. We had a room on the 7th floor facing the street. There was some street noise but the view was great. Waking up every morning and seeing the Cathedral and Roman Wall just across the street was amazing. The church bells start at 6am and the city literally comes to life.The location is perfect if you want to explore the Gothic area. The port and the Parc de la Ciutadella are only a 10 minute walk. The Jaume metro station is right outside the hotel and there are numerous restaurants, cafes and bakeries near by. Barcelona is a wonderful city for walking. We walked 6-8 miles each day and the breakfast buffet helped keep us satisfied until we took a break for tapas in the afternoon. They offer a large selection of fresh fruits, cereals, meats, cheeses and pasteries. If all you need is a roll and a cup of coffee, save a few euro and go to a cafe. The staff was friendly, helpful and most spoke English.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>mrandmrstink
<Content>great hotel Great hotel right in the heart iof the gothic quarter and accross from the cathedral. I had a birthday there and having champange on the roof top in the jacuzzi was fab! Staff are very friendly and helpful with information regarding transport etc. Rooms are modern and clean.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mp1
<Content>some noise!! Still here going home tomorrow after 3 nights, i feel my bed is in the middle of the street, it麓s now 1.30 am and the noise of the traffic on the street is unbelievable!!. However the location is good and breakfast provides plenty of choice so it compensates a little. Rooftop is a sight to behold especially if the sun is shining!Bar is closed at 12 so if you go out for dinner look elsewhere for a nightcap or else use the mini bar.If you plan to stay here bring earplugs or look for a room at the back of the hotel  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>bensaunders
<Content>Small but perfectly formed Having read other reviews on here I was prepared for the small rooms and boy were they small! But they were really well decorated, modern and clean.The staff were really friendly and the location of this hotel is excellent.The hot tub and seating areas on the roof are nice touch with great views over Barca.When we return next year I will book this hotel again.There is also a great Italian restaurant called 鈥楲a Perla Nera鈥?just down the road that we would highly recommend  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>neilius
<Content>just the job! Clean, modern rooms, friendly staff, perfect location. Can't fault my Barcelona experience!!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Joebella
<Content>Amazing Hotel, Perfect Location I have just come back form a long weekend away in Barcelona with my friend. We stayed at H10 Montcada for 3 nights and it was brilliant!On arrival we were greeted by the friendly staff and were giving a glass of champagne each, the foyer and bar in the entrance area look extremely posh. The only downside we dfound, was that after our breath being taken away by the downstairs and entrance of the hotel, we were slightly disappointed with our rooms as they were quite small and basic and did not match the elegance of the entrance. However, we were out all day and only slept and got changed in the rooms and did not find them too small for 2 people moving around and getting ready in them.We had only paid for the room so did not have any meals included. However, you could pay 15 euros for the buffet breakfast, which we did one morning. The restaurant area downstairs matched the elgance of the bar area in the entrance. The food was gorgeous and you had a good selection of hot foods, fruits, and pastries, juices etc. The hotels location is perfect, it is on one of the main sreets in Barcelona and is opposite the Catedral de la Seu, withing easy walking distance of the Bari Gotic area and Las Ramblas. The best way to see the sights is on the Bus Turistic, and there is a stop for the blue route just down the road from the hotel, and you can also get on this to transfer to the red route to see the sights in the north of the city, the tickets cost 20 euros for one day and 26 euros for 2 and you can get on and off as you please, its a brilliant way to see the city.The staff were also extremely friendly and helpful, and could not do enough to help. We had an excellent stay here and would definately go back again.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>monroe8
<Content>Great Hotel        roof top  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Vic_Vivant
<Content>Great central location, but Tiny rooms with rock-like beds My 2nd trip to Barcelona in so many weeks for business, the oddly named H10 hotel was right in the heart of the town centre. The front desk staff were extremely helpful and polite overall. But that's about all the pluses. The room was literally the size of a large-ish walk-in closet and minute interior window. When asked for a larger room, at first I was told nothing was available, but when pushed, the staff escorted me to a slightly larger room with a double bed. At least in this room, you could turn around and have space to put your suitcase. However, the bed was hard as a rock (even for someone who prefers a firm mattress this was a bit too granite-like), also there no space to work as there was no desk, no chairs - nothing but a bed, and a small mini-bar wedged into the corner by the bed. Breakfast was sad and lacklustre, with no English papers available (I was told they would come in around noon.) So if you don't mind the lack of comfort and amenties, and just want to stay in hub of the hustle and bustle of Barcelona - it's an ok place to stay. Otherwise, proabably best to try another hotel.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	-1	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Minardi234
<Content>'Fantastic Hotel' Just returned fro a 3 night stay at the H10 Montcada hotel Barcelona with 7 Friends. Fantastic hotel, staff very helpfull and polite rooms spotless and central location superb, within walking distance of all attractions just a short walk down to the marina, the tour bus stops just up the street (鈧?20 / person all day unlimited travel). Travelled from the airport on the service bus ~ 鈧? per couple returned by Taxi ~ 鈧?25-30. Glass of carva on arrival and the breakfast was very good (if a little expensive). The bars and restaraunts around La Ramblas can be a little expensive but the is plenty of choice just off the main streets.Would certainly stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ANNA77Uk
<Content>Great Location! Excellent location between El Born and the Gothic quarter. Lots of restaurants nearby and right across the road from the underground. Not far to walk to airport bus stop. Rooms are small but fine for what you pay, can be noisy, but isn't everywhere in Barcelona's old quarters!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>LondonRaz
<Content>brilliant hotel location etc Myself and partner have just returned from a weekend breck in this exalent hotel. from the moment you arrive until departure staff are freindly welcoming and helpful all good english, alot of guest were english speaking also.did not have dinner at hotel as nothing realy caught are eye breackfast was great buffet style not far from ramblas either, we arrived in reus airport tought getting their would be alot of hassel but it was painless. once you cross the road your in shopping heaven.. take a right outside hotel walk straight and you will end up in las rambles we only discovered this last night had been walkin trough side streets which was fine but took a bit longer.Also travel inn pub got the best food large plate of chips topped of with kingsize burger only 11euro for 2 and 2 drinks big difference to 68 for somethin that wud not fill you..To get their cross at hotel walk straight at all side streetson right hand side at tabacco shop also if ya get their at 8 it costs only 1euro..down side streets at back of hotel is a cool irish bar staff are very freindly alot of warnings about pick pocketing etc luckly nothin happened but seemed to be a big thing so beware of that. Roof top terrece is a must at hotel glass of cava on arrival could not ask for more {no smoking hotel }  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>maryng23
<Content>deadly spot Hotel H10 Montcada was in a perfect location, less than five minute walk from Las Rambles (straight up the little side street across from the hotel). We arrived at 11am so we were a little early for the free glass of bubbly, we were told to ask for it later, but we didnt bother, nice idea though. Room was an little small, but we didnt paln on spending our holiday in it, so we didnt mind. Nice clean facilities, well stocked mini bar and loads of soap, shampoo, sewing kit..etc..The roof top terrace was nice, great views of the city, but a little cold for a dip in the jacuzzi (early dec).Breakfast buffet was excellent, great variety and choice.My only fault is when ordering tea in the bar, Tea for one consisted of a pot of tea, tea for two a night later (from the same waiter) also consisted of the same size pot of tea but twice the price. I should have said something, but we were tired and just wanted to sit down and drink the tea so I let it go, other than that its a good spot, i would definetly go back there again.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>CorH
<Content>Great Location Myself and My Husband stayed here for our first anniversary in Jan 2006. We enjoyed every minute of it. A nice glass of cava and strawberries on arrival. The room though not big was perfect, nice and clean with a very comfortable bed. The bathroom was beautiful and very spacious. The location of the Hotel is excellent, very central and easy to walk everywhere. The hop on hop off tour bus stops right outside so its a great way to see all the sights. The buffet breakfast was great and filled you up till dinner. I would definately recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DianneMurphy
<Content>Great Barcelona Base Have just returned from a four night break at this centrally located Barcelona hotel. It was right in the centre of town and within walking distance of many of the tourist sights we wanted to visit. It was also close to many excellent cafes/bars/restaurants.From check-in until check-out we had a wonderfully relaxing experience. Staff throughout the hotel were friendly and efficient. The hotel itself was clean and comfortable with a few luxury touches. Our room albeit on the small side, had everything we needed and the toiletries in the bathroom were of a reasonably good quality. The food in the hotel was also of good quality. My husband was particularly impressed with the large selection for the buffet breakfast which included cold meats, cheeses, pastries, cereals, fruit and a cooked breakfast section. Also cava on hand to wash it down with a bucks fizz or two.We had tapas in the lounge one afternoon which was tasty and ample for a mid afternoon graze whilst enjoying the local wine.All in all a most enjoyable bargain break in a lovely hotel.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Pixelated
<Content>Fantastic location Friendly and comfortable hotel in a fantastic location - brilliant as a base for exploring the gothic quarter. Good views from the roof terrace too.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SUNTANLEL
<Content>SUPERB EXPERIENCE IN BARCELONA Hotel very Central and glass of cava on arrival which is a nice touch. If you choose a Pleasure room you get a bottle of cava and stawberries or melon dipped in chocolate to have at some point during your stay. Worthwhile asking to have them on the Roof terrace which has excellent views over the city and comfortable rattan furniture with luxurious cushions. Another nice touch is fleecy blankets are provided on the roof top terrace to keep you warm in late evening. You can also hire the roof top jacuzzi for a nominal sum and have your Cava there, complete with rose petals for a romantic touch, robes and slippers are provided for this experience. Excellent breakfast which will set you up for the day. Staff excellent and keen to please. 5 mins from Las Ramblas, 5 mins from Marina, lots of super restaurants within 5 min walk. Only downside, request room on higher floors as underground runs under hotel.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Viceliz
<Content>Brilliant Hotel Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights, from check-in the hotel was brilliant. Amazing roof terrace with jacuzzi and beautiful views across the city and to the sagrada familia. The rooms are a good size for a city-hotel and the bathroom is modern and clean. The breakfast is a brilliant spread with loads to choose from in the modern restaurant.The hotel is about a five minute walk to La Rambla and you can choose so many different routes to walk you find something new every time!All in all this hotel is a brilliant 4 star very centrally located, would definatly recommend to everyone!!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Carol Louise
<Content>Fantastic hotel The hotel was brilliant from arrival to departure. The staff are friendly and really helpful and speak excellent English! Check in was quick and the glass of chilled cava was an excellent touch. The rooms are small but then you don't go to a city to stay in your hotel room! The bathroom was one of the best we've ever seen. We didn't have any meals included but found no end of cafes and restaurants within easy walking distance. We had dinner in the hotel restrurant one night which was out of this world, the grilled goats cheese was the best I've ever eaten. The views from the roof terrace were stunning, especially at sunset. Overall the hotel is perfect and we would stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mags81
<Content>Excellent Hotel I'm just back from a wkend in Barcelona and I would highly recommend this hotel. Its in a great location-about 5 min walk from La Rambla, the staff are all really nice and very helpful, the room although small was lovely, bathroom spotless, complimentary glass of cava on arrival, brilliant breakfast. Couldn't fault it really..can't say what the restaurant was like as we didn't eat there, the bar was never busy but I'm sure would be fine for a few drinks of an evening. As an aside we ate in Les Quinze Nuits on the Saturday night - it was very good and so reasonable! But its true what they say about the queue so you need to get there by around 8.00/8.30. I would definitely stay in this hotel again, even the mini bar was good value as mini bars go. Just to mention - make sure to look on a few different websites if you're booking it - we stayed 3 nights and got it for 鈧?40-I saw it on other websites for anything up to 鈧?00 for the same 3 nights!!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cazzan
<Content>Great hotel, great location!       bathroom  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>donnerkebab
<Content>Great Location Great Hotel in a fantastic location near the port and ramblas area.Dont book if you are spending time in your room as it is no bigger than a cupboard with no sky television, saying that it is comfortable and clean and ok for sleeping in.Warm welcome by the reception staff and a very welcome glass of chilled cava on arrival.Fantastic roof top terrace with slightly erratic opening hours and poor service(gave up waiting)All in a very nice little hotel and minus the small negatives i would definatley stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>Cheeves
<Content>Fab hotel!! we stayed in the Montcada for three nights and found it fantastic. The staff were very helpful, our friends had difficulty with their safe and tv in their room-only minor problems but they werent sure how to fix them- so reception was contacted and an engineer came immediately and rectified the problem in no time at all! The roof terace is absolutely gorgeous the view from it is gorgeous, the bar has a great variety, service is excellent. The room was lovely, very clean and modern with a lovely modern bathroom. The only negative aspect was the room size (apparently typical of barcelona city hotels). It was very small and the window doesnt open, so with no natural air (you have to rely on the ACon) or natural light (as the room faced out to a courtyard type structure , facing the other side of the hotel so it stays dark) my slightly claustropohobic other half wasnt overjoyed!! breakfast was included for us and the selection was great.All in all, a fab hotel with helpful,polite staff and I would highly recommend it to anyone!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NorwayTnk
<Content>Very friendly hotel Beautiful hotel with a great location. Rooms were kind of small but very well equipped, spotlessy clean and the bathrooms are gorgeous!Very friendly and helpful staff and great breakfast buffet. The top terrace with a view of the city is a nice touch.Will definately stay there again if we return to Barcelona!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>2red
<Content>brill I stayed in the hotel H10 Montcada for 6 nights with my girlfriend and we had a fantastic time. Any requests we had were dealt with immediatley. The staff spoke very good English, which was great as our Spanish is very limited. The roof top jacuzzi and seating area was great. We had breakfast each morning and were very impressed with the range of choice. And it was very good. Also, the location of the hotel was fantastic. Only a 5 minute walk to the main tourist info office, from where the Bus Turistic starts its route. All in all, this was a top rate hotel and I cannot praise it enough.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Annastiina
<Content>A disapontment, expensive, noisy and no service. I asked many times for a better room because I couldn麓t sleep in that noise. I have never been in a hotel like this; very expensive and no service!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	1	3	

<Author>Mr_Cellophane
<Content>I hope I paid that much for the location, the room certainly wasn't worth it.       View from the roof terrace  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>andeth9
<Content>Small Little Gem Booked this hotel, upon seeing some of the reviews on tripadvisor. This hotel is in the perfect location for to visit the city, smack bang in the middle and prime location to visit all the attractions and walk around the city. The metro is literally a one minute walk the second you step outside the doors. The location was the main reason for booking this hotel. Now, the hotel itself... The hotel was great, really loved it, we knew before we went there that the rooms were small and they really are, but that never put us off as they are very nice, kept really clean and have air conditioning (which is a must to survive). They have a free safety deposit box which is always a helpful thing, wardrobes are a fine size, bed comfortable, tv in the room, minibar and the bathroom is a good size with plenty of space and a hairdryer there too. The hotel staff were really great and very friendly and have good English. The hotel has a 9th floor terrace bar which is great really loved it, has a great view of the city and do a good mojito, the bar staff are always there to let you sit and relax and do a quick run around to see if anyone wants drinks every so often. I would recommend getting the breakfast included as there wouldn't really be a place around for breakfast in the morning and the breakfasts are a nice continental mixture.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>traveller85
<Content>Excellent location, great rooftop, disinterested service My friend and I stayed at the H10 Montcada for 4 nights and it was mostly good.The location is superb. It is on the edge of two districts: Born and Barri Gotic, so whichever way you can't go wrong.We arrived separately, as we took different flights and on arrival we were not offered any Cava as everyone else seemed to get, nor any helpful advice or maps. This wasn't the warm welcome we expected to get. Perhaps they thought that two 23 year old girls wouldn't spend as much on the services as older couples and weren't worth the effort.The room was nice and clean, but the beds were very hard and uncomfortable. We stayed in 2 other hotels in Barcelona and the beds were comparably divine.There was a very nice view from the room and while it was on the small side, the bathroom was large and spotless and there was even a copy of Barcelona Style and Spanish Elle. The roof-top terrace is the jewel of the hotel and it boasts a fantastic view over Barcelona and you can even see as far as the Sagrada Familia. We didn't have a drink there because we were out and about, but it looks like a very comfortable and stylish place to start your night.On the whole a good place to stay and a great base to explore the city. To get the best service, try to look like you're on your honeymoon and flashing your wallet wouldn't hurt either.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>Duncan34
<Content>Great place This is a lovely hotel. OK the rooms are not super luxury but the staff are VERY helpful and the rooftop bar is a real winner. We had a fab few days here.The only drawback is the very noisy road that it is on. The first night we noticed it having a front facing room but the second and third nights it didn't bother us. The breakfast was very good and all roudn we loved the place, were very impressed by the staff and the service and would stay again.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Topdog35
<Content>Great Hotel in a Central Location I took my partner here for a 4 day trip for her 30th Birthday, It was the first time i had been to this part of spain, and thought it would be something different. This is a great friendly hotel, staff are helpful and always cheerful. I booked it through lastminute.com (as it was cheaper than direct oddly enough), and the flights i sorted seperately (morning inbound, evening outbound)It's nothing like your typical package holiday hotel, and eminates a certain level of classiness, glorious marble floors and surroundings with modern looks befitting the younger/middle age generation. Being greeted by a glass of Cava was a nice touch on our arrival.Breakfasts are amazing with a wide variety of dishes available (although someone should teach the spanish how to make scrambled eggs :P - but this isn't limted to this hotel alone and seems to be a spanish trait). The only small item which took the shine off this is that we where placed in a 1st floor room and the walk in shower leaked out onto the floor and into the bedroom area. The hotel staff new about this and where happy enough to supply additional towels to clean this up, but I am not sure if it was just limited to this room, adn i thought ti could have recieved a better response.We plumped for the Jacuzzi option and I can say was thoroughly enjoyable (although cold as hell). Roof terrace is amazing, with fantasic views, drinks up there can be a tad expensive, but it's worth it just for the view/environment, and serves well as a pre curser to going out for dinner. You will find that Barcelona is more expensive than other spanish areas, and this seems to be the case in Barca in general; more so if you spend time on the Ramblas (so try to steer clear when eating).There are a few really nice restaurants in the area, and most don't generally open until about 20:30 onwards. It isn't unusual here to eat late and everywhere doesnt really come alive until post 10:30 anyway, and in some places, post midnight. If you really like seafood try El Chipiron in Port Vell (by Mare Magnum), an outside table (upstairs) overlooking the bay is a real treat, cost varies, but at a minimum is about 25-30 Euro each for a main meal/drink, and increases as you go more towards the platters (but these can be shared as they are huge), there are also options for the less adventurous (chicken, lamb etc). La Fonda in the Gothic Quarter is great too (on E'scudellers), although be prepared to queue if you arrive post 10pm (this is apparently a typical sign of a good restaurant so you will find a few places like this). Three Courses and a bottle of wine here is about 50 Euro, so its well worth it if you want bang for buck and the food is fantastic. Try to steer clear of Placa Reial at night (or more so the part where you enter from the Ramblas), as there can be a few undesirables hanging around in large groups (supposedly Algerian immigrants), and you need to be a little more aware of whos around you. Make sure you keep hold of your belongings, there were a few occasions where it was apparant we were being followed, but as long as you know whats going on you should be ok. Once thing i will say is that for me personally the nightlife was better than the day, but it is very centered around dinner, wine a few beers and relaxing rather than the traditional pub scene (i guess thats because there is a large amount of walking to be done during the day) but if you want that, there are a few Irish Bars around which are always good too. Also, don't get too worried if you get some strange stares from the locals, this seems to be a common thing especially shoe wise (as they supposedly love their shoes), and in some cases the older locals are not fond of the younger looks (short dresses etc), but that doesn't stop you from looking good, and i found that the majority of tourists, didn't really care what they wore.If you have never been to Barcelona before, and despite the shoulder shruggable oh well problems i can really recommend this hotel. All in all an enjoyable experience with a few things to thnk about when you are out there.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>APPLES7
<Content>Fantastic My husband and I stayed at the H10 Montcada Hotel for 5 nights and loved every minute. From the moment we arrived the service was superb being greeted with a glass of cava and some helpful hints regarding barcelona. The roof top bar has amazing views of the city and also mix a great mojito, a perfect way to watch the sun go down. The Montcada is also ideally located in the Barri Gotic surrounded by great bars, restaurants and boutique shopping. Some of my favourite spots were the Placa Reila which is a square with fab bars to sit and people watch and killer paellas. The Ginger bar in the Barri Gotic is also adviseable. The Borne area is also full of great bars sorry I can't remember the name of my favourite however I do know it's next door to Karma the indian restaurant, Its a beautiful baroque style bar . Last but not least Zaharas bar on the Barceloneta boulevard a lovely little place to sit in the sun with an ice cold drink, If your lucky like me you might spot a star (Woody Allen) in my case.If you decide to stay at the Montcada you won't be disappointed. Happy Holidays.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Musicman007
<Content>An fabulous hotel in a great location Well, after reading a number of the reviews posted here we decided it would be difficult to go wrong by booking our stay at the H10 Montcada - and how right we were !From the minute we got there the staff were helpful and courteous and having read the reviews on room sizes we asked for a large room. All that was available was one on the 2nd floor overlooking the main street, they did say it could be noisy but we elected to have it anyway on the basis that we would harldy be in, and after some Rioja who cares !What a suprise !! The room was lovely, compact, but perfectly adequate, the bathroom was beautiful ( I know that is important to you ladies out there !) and to cap it all - we had a balcony ! Room 201 if you are interested. What a bonus that was, we spent ages out there watching people, traffic, and even a Gay  Lesbian procession marched by. We had breakfasts in the hotel, which were excellent and plentiful but if you dont fancy that there is a great Patisserie across the road and even an Organic supermarket 50m away. On the downside we did book the Cava and Stawberries and would give that a miss next time. The Jacuzzi looks small but adequate and the views from the roof are excellent, a great place for a cocktail or two before dinner.As to location it simply couldnt be better. There is a metro station across the road, plenty of cafes and bars in the two squares nearby and we could walk into the centre in no more than 10 mins. We also took the tour buses as we learnt in New York that they can be an excellent way of getting your bearings, the stop is 100m away. We did the usual sights of La Famillia and the Gaudi buildings and Park - we are now well and truly Gaudied out !All in all a great break and a fabulous city, cant wait to go again soon.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ValAmsterdam
<Content>Great location, good breakfast, staff is nice Have just returned from a 3 day stay at H10 Montcada, very good location (a few minutes from Las Ramblas, on nice large street Laitana, a few minutes from the harbour and MareMagnum), very close to Metro station Jaume 1.I sent a mail to the hotel a few days before my arrival, asking for a high floor room, and got one on 7th floor, not a great view but plenty of light, and decent size. The staff is nice, the breakfast offers choice, and quality, in a quiet environment. I recommend this hotel, and would return to H10 Montcada.Tips on restaurants: - dinner 1, went to TROBADOR FERRAN, close to via laitana, on the way to Ramblas, before reaching Plaza del Ayuntamiento: good service, enough choice, the food was good, I would return.- dinner 2, went to QUINZE NITS on Placa Real (pass by Trobador Ferran, on the left before Ramblas), queued there for 40 minutes (restaurant no opened yet, staff waiting in front of the queue for god knows what!, got in around 20:45). Low price but: NO service, VERY BAD FOOD, would NOT recommend! Hardly no spanish dishes, I tasted the Paella Mixta, the worst paella I've ever eaten in Spain (spent several months in Valencia and Barcelona in the past, have had much better paella!).I've read good reviews of this restaurant before going, I can't understand why! If you're on a low budget, better go to a bar (not on Las Ramblas) and get a few tapas portions, you will have a better experience for sure!!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	4	4	

<Author>tezzie6
<Content>Excellent hotel, fantastic location! We stayed at the hotel for a three night break. Superb location, breakfast is superb, they cater for everyone and you are spoilt for choice. Staff friendly and very helpful. Much has been said about the rooms which are small, but we didn't visit Barcelona to stay in the room for 3 days! The room was clean and comfortable and the bathroom was spacious. Would recommend this hotel as it has everything you need. Superb views from the roof top terrace, although drinks do cost a bit up there. This hotel does not cash travellers cheques, although there is a bank nearby which will oblige. We are looking to go back next year - perfect in every way!Jo  HelenaLiverpool  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LLor
<Content>Fab hotel, location. Having booked a last minute room at the H10 we weren't sure of what to expect. We knew location was great but were really surprised at how great on arrival. Pretty much everything was within walking distance, Harbour, shopping, tube, las remblas. It was great! We arrived early as we had an early flight and were still greated with a welcome glass of Cava and our luggage was taken, all forms were completed so when we returned all we had to do was collect luggage  keys!Our first room unfortunatly was no bigger than a closet. When i opened the door, it hit the bed! I would advise calling ahead and requesting a room over looking a street and not a very small courtyard. This wouldn't have been a problem if we were there for only the 1 night, we had reserved 4 nights. Their handling of this was effecient but not very polite, however we were offered another room eventually and did end up having a lovely stay..Definitely make sure you make the breakfast, selection was fantastic, as was the roof jacuzzi!! The views were outstanding! A well recommended hotel.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	2	5	

<Author>sommervillegirl
<Content>Fabulous Hotel, Fabulous Breakfast We stayed at this hotel for one night on May 28th. There were 6 adults in our party (3 rooms). The lobby is small and gorgeous. The staff is very helpful (maps/directions/advice) as previously reported. One of the gentleman brought our luggage up to our room. They also had a glass of Cava for us which was a very nice touch. The rooms were very, very, very small. My husband and I slept in a room with 2 twin beds. We could barely walk around the room once we had our luggage in. The bathroom was modern, clean and well-lit. They provide all necessary toiletries. We needed our luggage stored the morning of the 29th, as we were leaving on a cruise and had to wait a few hours for boarding. They allowed us to leave our luggage in a back room of the hotel while we went out and discovered Barcelona. The staff also arranged for us to get transportation to the ship.The breakfast in the morning was WONDERFUL! It was very worth spending more to include breakfast. They had all kinds of cheeses, meats, breads and pastries, lots of fruit, juices, yogurts and coffee. They even had eggs and breakfast meats (bacon, sausage). It was exceptionally good.The hotel is only a few blocks away from Ras Ramblas (the busy street with shops and restaurants). Also, the hotel is very accessable to the underground subway. We were able to hop on and off very easily. We would definately return and highly recommend it to other people. Good value.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>BruceLeeInEurope
<Content>Awesome Hotel Having been to few hotels across Europe I can rate this as one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. Finding the hotel was really easy from the airport bus stop it was about ten minutes away, there is also a discreetly positioned Metro station outside if you got the Metro from the airport. Upon our arrival we enjoyed a glass of Cava and a pleasant welcome by staff. Our room was very well presented, it boasted lovely views from the windows and the room was adequately sized - especially the bathroom. The room had other good features such as an air conditioning unit and a mini bar. The only issues we had with the room was the television reception, the curtain falling on our heads and the cleaner breaking our plug! Aside from the room there was the roof terrace complete with great views, a bar and a Jacuzzi, we found this to be a great place to relax with a vodka and coke before going for our evening meal. The only problem with the roof terrace was the fact that we were charged a different price for the same drink on a number of occasions. They also gave us some unusual snacks which I can only described as weird, apart from that the roof terrace was awesome.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>YumYumTraveler
<Content>Excellent Hotel  My husband and I stayed at this hotel during our honeymoon while we were visiting Barcelona. We were looking for an affordable hotel in a really central location. We loved this hotel!The room we had was pretty tiny, but it was modern and very clean. The bed was comfortable, but not as comfy as some others we've stayed in. However, it was fine and we were able to rest and sleep well. The AC worked pretty well for us. We did not have any issues. We also were able to open our window and look out onto the little side street below. It was pretty cool.The hotel was really wonderful. It was modern and felt hip and cool.The breakfast selection was great and we felt it was totally worth it to get the breakfast. It has an awesome rooftop terrace with greatviews of the city. The jacuzzi was a little bit disappointing in that it didn't seem hot enough for us to enjoy. The water tempuraturefelt more like a heated swimming pool rather than a jacuzzi. That said, we didn't travel to Barcelona to sit in a jacuzzi all day! We went there to see the city and this hotel is in a great location! There is a metro stop just outside the hotel across the street. Also, there are tons of restaurants and shops in the surrounding blocks. We could get to anywhere we needed to get to from this hotel. Most everything is within walking distance.The staff was very friendly and helped us out a lot. They warned us of the pick-pocketing that goes on in Barcelona, which was very nice of them to do. Overall, we were totally happy with our stay at the H10 Montcada. We loved it and had a great experience here. It was not too stuffy, but felt like much more than it's 2 star rating on TripAdvisor.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>waterman
<Content>Great Hotel, superb location Just returned from H10 Montcada, this is an excellent hotel in a great location in Barri Gothic one street away from La Ramblas. Yes the rooms are quite small but we had no problems and it does have a great bathroom. Only minor problem was with the room safe not opening one evening, this was rectified within 5 mnutes of informing reception.Got the aerobus from airport for 3.90 euro single, stops right outside the arrivals at airport, hotel is a 10 minutes walk from Placa Catalunya use via Laetana to walk down, its less crowded to walk with a trolley case.Used the Bus turistic two-day pass for sightseeing, this is an excellent way to see all the best bits of Barcelona.Highly recommended hotel, and a great city to visit.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chicagokelly
<Content>You Must Stay At H10 Montcada!! AMAZING!! MUY BUENO! I stopped in this hotel on a whim to see if they had available rooms, and thankfully they did, because this hotel is amazing! And very reasonably priced. I will definitely stay here when I return to Barcelona. The staff is VERY nice, and as a single female, I felt completely safe and at ease at all times. I have stayed at some very fancy hotels in the US that are much more expensive, and H10 definitely holds its own against luxury hotels. The rooms are small, but the place is so nice it麓s worth it.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kremlingazette
<Content>H10 Montcada - Excellent ! HiWe stayed for only 1 night here, what a mistake that was ! The 2 previous nights we stayed at another hotel in the city. I had read reviews about how the rooms can be a bit small and noisy if they are on the front of the hotel. We got room 809 as a BB through laterooms, the room is an absolute gem ! walk in wardrobe, corner sofa, 2 big windows looking out over the rooftops, jacuzzi bath and another big window in there too. And a free bottle of the local Cava as well.The food in the morning was good standard, the staff are very helpful giving you a good quality city guide and map when you check in. These where as good as the ones I had purchased.........And the venue is good being central to the city with a Metro station opposite. The roof terrace is very good too, there is a jacuzzi there but I didnt have time to use it.Enjoy yor stay, and dont forget room 809 !  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>woof137
<Content>excellent location Excellent hotel, brilliant location in old city but don't stay in room 610! This is a tiny room beautifully finished BUT once a double bed is in there literally is no room for anything else - no dressing table, no chair, no minibar, no room for two suitcases. Would pass as a small single room but a disgrace as a double. Staff accepted complaint graciously but couldn't move us immediately. After a couple of nights were moved into room 607! What a difference.!Apart from room 610 the hotel was excellent. Beautiful fittings and furnishings, excellent food especially breakfast and pleasant helpful staff.Lovely roof terrace with spa however this is only open to all in the mornings, after that by prearrangement. Disappointing if you spend the day shopping / sightseeing and then decide to go back and relax for the evening in the jacuzzi.Good location in old area. Would have got top marks except for the disappoinment of the first nights in room 610. Beware!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>weevee
<Content>Great hotel       Basillica de Santa Maria del Pi opposite hotel  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ors_travels
<Content>wonderfull hotel at an excellent location We stayed at the H10 Montcada hotel for 4 nights and had a great time!The hotel is very close to the Metro station, and the turistic bus and is right on the corner of the Gothic Bari and the Born.We had a wonderfull time there andthe stuff was great and very helpfull. the room was small, but it really didn't bother us at all, as there was enough room for all that was needed.The bathroom was wide, clean and comfortable.At night there are a lot of pubs and resturants near by. We are sure to come back to the H10 Montcada.We also recomend that you take the turistic bus (for 2 days) as it really helps getting around all the wonderfull places you can see and visit.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bartystix
<Content>Great Location, fabulous rooftop terrace/jacuzzi I stayed here a while ago with my partner. The hotel is situated on a main road that effectively marks the divide between the Barrio Gothic and the Born district, both of which are very atmospheric and full of wonderful architecture.We were greated at the reception with a glass of cava and they were always very pleasant and happy to help. The breakfasts were plentiful and good quality with options of hot and cold buffet available. There was also cava available to make a bucks fizz style drink.What was particularly nice about the hotel was the rooftop area, with a deckchairs and jaccuzzi. We ordered a bottle of cava (we like the stuff, as you can gather) to drink up there and, in the summer heat, was a perfect way to round off a long day of site seeing.My main gripe was the room itself and while it was clean with pleasant decor, was quite small. Whilst it wasn't on the main road, which I would presume would be noisy, it did look onto a brick wall. We booked a cheap deal through a website and this probably affected the room that we were given. Thankfully we were out most of the time so did not spoil our stay.Overall, I would recommend the hotel but make sure you get a room with a better view!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Janeeda
<Content>loved Gaudi Booked the hotel through lastminute.com and paid for the montcada pleasure which turned out to just be some strawberries and a bottle of cava. Stayed on the 8th floor very hot and no opening windows but the bed was too small for two of us to sleep in so next morning explained that bed wasnt suitable and asked for twin room. Told no problem and went out for day returned to be given card for new room but when got up there found that room not cleaned from previous occupants. Went and waited in lobby for one hour and then got into room with twin beds which was a lot bigger than previous room and had better bathroom. Only problem was on 4th floor so much noiser and the good thing was that the bathroom window opened. Breakfast very good and worth the money.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>MarianneVienna
<Content>H10 Montcada - a fabulous stay I just spent a few days at the H10 Montcada hotel and I would really like to recommend the hotel. Right from the beginning, the hotel was a great place to be. Check in with friendly, helpful staff and a nice glass of Cava champagne. The rooms were well fit with all necessary amenities and very clean. Towels and bedding were changed daily. There were fresh flowers in the room. A bottle of water was available every evening. The breakfast was fantastic. Due to the international clients, one could choose from strictly continental style, to bacon and eggs, to cereals, to tremendous cakes, and not to forget the fresh fruit. The terrace is lovely. It gives you a terrific view. For those who prefer to sunbathe rather than sightsee, it is well-kept, refreshing area. The jacuzzi is small. The only setback I felt was that no window could be opened and therefore you had to rely on air-conditioning, which can be problematic if you are not used to it.All in all, I will definitely return to H 10 Hotel Montcada.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hugb20
<Content>Nice hotel - EXCELLENT location We stayed at this hotel for a 2 night weekend break, having booked it for an incredibly cheap rate onlie with [----](拢130 pp includin flights) and we were worried that we might have a bit of a dog on our hands, how wrong we were!The hotel is in an excellent location 5 minutes walk away from La Ramblas, through the great gothic quatre (the highlight of the city fo me) and the tourist sight seeing bus stops rite outside the hotel.The hotel itself is very small, but extremely clean and comfortable, with everything you need. The staff are freindly and able to help where ever possible.The roof terrace is beautiful, with excellent views accross the city, and a small bar to have drinks at during the evenings.A top tip, dont have the breakfast, book room only and make use of the great bakers across the street, a real find.This was the perfect base from which to explore Barcelona!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>MaddieIsabelsmum
<Content>Roof Top Terrace - FANTASTIC HOTEL I have stayed at this hotel twice and recommended it to others.Stayed once with a Hen Party and the other with Mum and Autie - both times had a lovely room - small but don't really need much room as not in there much and we did have a third bed put in the room so that wan't of helped!The glass of Cava on arrival is a great touch and so is the roof terrace and jaccuzzi up there. The Sun loungers, tables and chairs up there make it a great place to sun bath and have a drink and it s a fantastic view of the city.The location is good too its on the tourist bus route and is in easy walking distance of the Harbour and La Rambles (is that how you spell it?) and the main shopping area.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lizzynorgate
<Content>Great Hotel, and location perfect! We have just arrived back from a two night stay at this hotel, and i can say that it is a lovely hotel in a great location! I was a little concerned from some of the reviews that I read prior to our visit but we were not dissapointed at all. On our arrival, we were greeted by very friendly reception staff who explained all the hotel facilities and talked us through the high lights of Barcelona whilsdt relating to a map which was provided. We then went to our room which was on floor6. The view from our room was nothing special, but we were not here to spend time in the room! The rooms are small and as a previous review suggested: there is no room to swing a cat! (who wants to do this anyway!) But this was not a problem, what do you need lots of room for? The room was clean and modern with a lovely bathroom. the only down side was no bath but there was a large shower. I believe that some rooms do have baths though, so if you request one then you should get one! We were not too fussed about this anyway as we spent both nights in the roof top jacuzzi in the early evening. I would say that this is what makes the hotel that little bit extra special! The roof terrace was lovely and I can imagine that in the summer months this would be a lovely place to enjoy the sun lougers and bar. We were also given our champagne which was included whilst sat in the jacuzzi which was a nice touch! overall I would definatly recommend this hotel, as it is centrally located and amongst many bars and restaurants. we did not use any transport whilst in Barcelona and saw most of it on foot. We also did not have any problems with noise whilst staying at this hotel. I was concerned about the bed on arrival as they are very hard, but I have to say I had two very good nights sleep.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>OxfordshireBakers
<Content>Fantastic Hotel!! The Hotel is located just on the edge of the Old Town so you are right in the centre of everything. We were presented with a chilled glass of Cava when we arrived and were checked in by a friendly member of staff.Our room was modern with a large bathroom and had everything that we needed. We were on the 7th floor and had a good view across the city.We booked on last minute and got a free bottle of Cava and strawberries which was great after a day sightseeing.Would definitiely recommend.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>19lucy84
<Content>Excellent city centre hotel Highly recommend this city centre 4 star hotel where we  our 2 adult children stayed for 4 nights. Staff were very helpful, public rooms smart, double bedroom small but with everything we could need  twin room a very large corner room. Breakfast was cold  hot buffet with large selection of cereal, juices, rolls, cold meats , cheese, smoked salmon, cakes  hot selection of eggs, sausage, bacon, fried bread. Didn't dine in hotel but bar service very friendly with extremely large measures! Minutes away from the Barre Gothic  Las Ramblas, opposite a metro station  2 mins from tourist bus stop. Felt we got very good value for our money  hope to stay there again in the not too distant future.Hunter family, Glasgow  Oban  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spam10
<Content>Great hotel in central location! I booked this long weekend break as a xmas present for my wife. We had a great time. Glass of cava on arrival, we requested a high room as we were concered about the noise other reviews had warned of. We were given room 806 (top floor) room was great, quite large (another concern when reading previous reviews) staff were very freindly and spoke good english.The bar was closed for refurbishment whilst we were there which was a little disapointing, but didn't spoil the stay. The hotel had an offer on, 2 people dine in the evening for 拢30 Euros. This sounded great, although the food was not that good, we would suggest eating out in the huge choice of restaurants. Barcellona was fantastic, we simply didn't have enough time to see all we wanted to. Great location to see all major attractions, litterally opposite the cathedral and tube.Would recommend taking the tube and train to and from the airport as it s very easy and much cheaper than taxi.Would definately stay here again, if you shop arround this hotel can be very cheap through last minute or other simmilar sites.If you are unsure, just book it! we did and very much enjoyed it. I believe some rooms are quite small but you only sleep there as there is so much to do.Oh and dont forget the roof terrace, hot tub is a nice touch and views are great.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kate.holdsworth
<Content>Smal!!!! We arrived to a glass of cava too! The best bit to the hotel....... The roof terrace with a jacuzzi was an added bonus too.We were on a hen weekend in Barcelona and reserved 3 rooms months prior to our visit, we requested 3 no smoking rooms. On arrival, after our glass of cava, we were disappointed to find that we had 3 tiny smoking rooms. On complaint to the reception, they were very unhelpful, said you could only reqest a none smoking room and as they were fully booked, could offer few alternatives.The rooms were very small, not enough room to swing a cat (not that you swing many cats on holiday in Spain). The air conditioning did not work, the rooms were noisy if on the front of the hotel and the reception did not speak much english, which caused problems.Breakfast was average, do not have the cooked breakfast or eggs!Ensure if the sun is out, you make use of the fabulous roof terrace.Very central location, easy to walk around.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	1	2	4	

<Author>gigglybebe
<Content>Excellent location, good value We are a young couple just returned from a long weekend in barcelona staying at the montcada. We were a bit sceptical after reading the reviews but were very impressed with the hotel and the city. We arrived to a glass of cava whilst checking in and although we did get put in one of these small rooms (307) it was furnished to the same standard as the larger rooms and we did get a very cheap deal.The hotel is in a excellent location and although you can feel the vibrations from the tube (even on 3rd floor) this isn't disturbing and we were not in the room very much.I would recommend the hotel due to fantastic location and good value for money (not sure if this would be true if we had paid full price?)  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	3	1	

<Author>coxychick
<Content>A good quality and central hotel for the Tourista Bus       view of the street from the roof terrace  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>JaviFP
<Content>If you have another option, do not choose this hotel Well, my experience with this hotel has been really terrible. First of all I booked a really good room and I chose a higher rate for that. I called the hotel in order to be sure that the room was big enough for two people and the hotel told me that the room was really big. But when I arrived I discovered the first lie, it was tremendously small. I went to reception and they told me that they could not changed the room because the hotel was full. On the other hand, I was checking the web page of the hotel, and the were saying that the restaurant was really appreciated by the customers, so I thought that it should be good. So I booked a table for 2 people for the dinner of news eve. The menu was a little bit expensive, 70鈧?per person, but if the menu would have been ok it would have not mattered. But the dinner was the worst I ever had in my life. The quality of the products that they were offering were not the one that we got. So it was horrible. So, if you have other option, do not choose this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	3	2	1	

<Author>Stodds
<Content>Top floor Well, we have also just returned from 3 days stay in the hotel and we were very satisfied with what we got for what we had paid.As advised before we tried our luck on the check in and asked for a top floor room, if possible. No problem - room 810 is available And it was standard double, modern and clean with bedsides tables on both sides, plazma TV, Minibar, little desk, laminated floor, large sliding wardrobe. The barhroom was the best. Big, marbelled from top to bottom, nice power shower, bath ... The view from our window was also good. We could see the Sagrada Familia and other famous buildings. Very easy access to the center, but not too close to the center. About 15 min. walk from the main Train Station (last train station from the Airport). The only fault I could point out was the not very sound prove door to the room. The noise in the hall is a bit disturbing. Also the jacuzzi was just above our room and luckily it was not in working progress during our stay, but I can imagine it could be a bit too noisy when in full operation. But the staff vere very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was excellent too. (A slight vibration from the undeground was a bit weard though).I would not mind to stay in the hotel again. I thing it was a reall good deal.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>cleggystar
<Content>Excellent hotel We just returned from a 2 day stay at this hotel and it was great. excellent location and excellent service. i was a bit worried having read the reviews on here saying the rooms weren't great. but the room we had was lovely, wooden floors, marble bathroom. i can't really understand what other reviewers are talking about unless the rooms differ significantly' we were in room 605. the hotel is really central so you can walk to everything. i'd definitely stay here again  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>graceholme
<Content>Avoid room 211 - broom cupboard We stayed at this Hotel 3 years before and so returned because we had enjoyed it. This time however we were so disappointed. We had booked this 6 months before, I e-mailed with time of arrival - no response! On arrival the reception staff were ages sorting out the room, laughing and joking together at which point I decided to listen! Big mistake as I do speak Spanish. Much of the discussion appeared to be about the size of the bed but I didn't say anything until we were taken to the room - 211. It was tiny and stunk of smoke even though I had requested non-smoking. Window could not be opened. Small bed with only just enough room to walk by if you edged up the side of the wall. Simply awful. Straight down to reception to be told they were full! Told them I am asthmatic at which point they then offered another room which had not been made- up. Went to see it - marginally better rather like a cell! After creating yet again, speaking in spanish so they knew I understood their earlier conversation, they said they would move us the next day if we would stay in the 2nd room offered for one night.The next day we stayed in room 502 - much better with nice bathroom in which we could open the large window. Even though it was not that big it was very pleasant and had we have checked into this room the first day we would have unpacked and started our holiday very happily.If you look at the floor plans, the same for each floor, you can see the same tiny rooms run throughout the hotel in the same position. They are not big enough for one person even and feel very claustrophobic , being internal rooms with no opening windows. The people who have enjoyed this Hotel are quite right, it is in a great position, and I too don't need to spend long in the room, but if they had been given the rooms we were first offered they would give the same review. It's not even cheap at over 拢110 a night with no breakfast!The arrogance of the reception staff was unforgivable. The complaints must go on all the time whenever they give these small rooms out. I suggest they no longer let these rooms or lose their 4 star rating and become a Hostal!We shall not be returning to this Hotel.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	2	3	

<Author>Surginor
<Content>Great location, friendly staff We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in from the 7th August and had a great stay.We were greeted on arrival by helpful and friendly staff who offerred us Cava and to take our bags to our room. All the staff we spoke to had a good understanding of English which really helped as our Spanish/Catalan isn't great. They were more than willing to helpWe had a double room on the 2nd floor which wasn't massive but we didn't intend to spend much time in it anyway. Everything was spotlessly clean and the bathroom was excellent. Having your own safe and a well stocked mini bar in the room was a real bonus. The air conditioning was a real help as well as it was 30 degrees plus outside when we were there.Breakfast was included in our price and is served from 730 in the morning and there is a great selection of both continental and hot breakfast. You can eat as much as you want and the variety was great. The other great feature of the hotel is the roof terrace where you can sit and relax in the jacuzzi or on the sun loungers with a great view if you get tired of walking around.There is a small bar in the lobby area of the hotel as well which was nice to relax in after being out all day and the hotel provides free internet access in the lobby also.The hotel is in a fantastic location, you can walk to Las Ramblas in about 10mins, place de catalunya is about 10mins away as is the beach. There is a metro station just accross the road (Jaime 1) which we found really useful for getting to the main attractions slightly out of the city centre, its easy to use and a 10 journey ticket is good value. You can hear the metro from the lower floors of the hotel which might be something to bear in mind if you are a light sleeper as it starts early in the morning though.Overall we really enjoyed our stay at the hotel, the staff were great - if you're nice to them they're nice back! The hotel was clean and it was great value for money especially if you can get a deal with breakfast included. The location could not be better for seeing the gothic quartter especially if you do not want to stay directly on Las Ramblas  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ScottishTraveller
<Content>Best service ever We are still staying at the hotel as I write this. We are spending 5 days in Barcelona and have never experienced service as good as this. We are surprised by other reviews. Staff are always smiling, nothing is too much trouble. Room is small but still nice and not an issue as we are hardly ever in it. Breakfast is superb and really sets you up for the day. Its worth searching the internet for a deal which includes breakfast. This would be my first choice when I come to Barcelona again.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HethAnne
<Content>Montcada and Barri Gotic I stayed here from 31st July to 6th August. On arrival we were met at the front door by a member of staff who brought our bags in and were given a glass of Cava. We were told that due to the time of our arrival (9pm) that the room we had been given was on the small side, but that if we came down the next morning they would give us a bigger room. We were on the 7th floor and when we looked out the window we saw only other windows - this was good because it meant no noise. There was air conditioning in the room so there was no need to open the windows and the roof top views from the 9th floor were fantastic!The staff were very friendly and were able to communicate in both English and Spanish (handly for my boyfriend who was trying to practise his Spanish). Our rate only covered the room so on the occaisions that we took breakfast is was 13.50 euro's each, however you could have as much fresh juice, tea/coffee/hot chocolate, cereal, hot food, toast, croissants, cakes, meats and fish as you wanted.Considering it was booked through british airways as a flight  hotel together booking, the 拢370 that we paid each I think was extrememly worth it. Hotel is situated in a great area, can walk to LA Rambla, the beach, Gothic Quarter etc and more.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bell7a
<Content>Staying in Barcelona Having booked this hotel for pre cruise stay in Barcelona we were very disappointed I had paid for Champagne and Strawberries on arrival no sign... we had one glass of Cava offered at the reception area.. In the morning we discovered that our rate did not include breakfast despite paying 拢135.00 per night for the room . Staff friendly and helpful with a brilliant location.. I have never expressed disappointment when entering a hotel room before, absolutely TINY , we could hardly get through the door with our luggage, no choice but to store my suitcase in the bathroom. The bed was hard and extremely uncomfortable , with no more than a foot to spare either side of the walls, the mini bar could not be opened before hitting the bed. Shampoo and soaps were not replinished during our stay ..Its the worse hotel I have stayed in during 25 years of travel.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	3	2	2	

<Author>hickmanaz
<Content>We had no problems We stayed on 29-30 June and again 8 July, 2006. I had read reviews here about the noise and size of rooms, but gave the hotel a chance. I had none of the problems that others mentioned for the same time period. 99% of the staff was very helpful and gracious. Might have to do with treating them with respect if you expect it yourself. Saw other guests being rude and pushy and they got what they gave. Only one of the staff was not as polite as the others. Happens anywhere.Yes, rooms are small. We didn't spend much time in the room. We had a shower and tub. The shower enclosure was just a half wall which was strange, but great water pressure. The lobby was nice, two computers on internet for free usage. The views from the roof were awsome. We had a bottle of champaign one evening on the roof and the bar tender came up to see if we needed anything else and spent some time giving us a bird's eye tour.The first stay we had room 501 on Thursday and Friday nights. Some city noise, but not bad. The next stay we had room 204 and it was Saturday night. The city never sleeps, especially on Saturday so there was a lot of outside noise. But we expected it. Would recommend this hotel to others. Only warning would be that if staying on Sat night try to get a room on floor 5 or above.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>loll01
<Content>not 3 star We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights and like other reviews we were quite dissapointed. We arrived to be given a room that was a smoking room even though i had asked for a non-smoking room. We got moved to room no 2 that was awful it faced out to the back of the hotel and did not have any extra's that i had paid for. We had to go back and ask for another room but were told that we had no right to a mini bar or any extra's. Luckily we had printed out our confirmation and sunddenly the awkward attitude changed. We had to wait over an hour for our room and noticed that if you spoke with an american accent then you got treat with a lot more respect. We have been all over the world and this is not a 4 star hotel it did not even have a swimming pool, the bar closed really early and the staffs attitude ,especially nicole was so rude. Their are a lot more hotels in barcelona that are cheaper with better facilities. Shop around as the choice is quite wide. The tourist bus is really good value for money, the port is good for food but i think you would struggle for things to do after a couple of days.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>haskaro
<Content>A BIG Disappointment.................... We have just come back from a 3 night stay here at the end of May 2006. We booked the hotel after reading the reviews here. Maybe there has been a change of managment as the experience we had was a nightmare.We had room 711 - I call it a room it was much more like a cupboard!!!! You couldnt even get all the way around the bed as it was so tighlty sqeezed in. The bathroom was bigger then the main room and was lovely although watch out for the spray as the screen could do with being a bit bigger but we did have a bath too!! It was so small that the TV had to be wall mounted and was flatscreen WHEN it was working!!Service from most of the staff was awful and they didnt seem to listen or respond to anything you asked. It took over 8 hours and reminders to get some extra clothes hangers. Many of the staff had a poor grasp of english which made things very difficult. Whilst I appreciate I am in another country in an international hotel you would expect a certain level of understanding of english??!!We did make a formal complaint and noticed that after this things did improve slightly in the attitude of the staff, particularly with the breakfast service. This was awful on our first two mornings. Kept us waiting to be seating, food running out, unhelpful etc...The only good thing that we thought was it was in a great location right by the metro and near enough to the main places to walk comfortably.THE CHOICE IS YOURS but I would consider other places first if you can ........  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>GB_WGC_2004
<Content>Nice location, great roof terrace This hotel has a great location near the Gothic Quarter and right opposite the old cathedral, close to many restaurants and tapas bars. The rooms are small-ish, but you spend so little time in there, who cares. Nice wooden floors in the bedroom and a very smart bathroom. My room (701) on 7th floor had a great view over the street. I ate in the restaurant and enjoyed the 25 Euro menu - service was a bit slow, but the food was good. The key selling point for this hotel in my view is the roof terrace which has sunbeds, a jacuzzi and excellent views over Barcelona - priceless! There is also a small gym with a couple of stationary bikes, running machines and a small rack of weights, it was very hot in there, but (a good tip, even for those not working out!), there are free bottles of water in the fridge! There is also a free wireless network in the hotel which I was able to pick up from my room. Overall, a reasonably good value hotel, hotels in Barcelona aren't cheap, but if you want a smart, modern hotel with a good outdoor area, the H10 Montcada will fit the bill nicely at about 拢95 a night.  
<Date>May 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location but.... The Hotel H10 Montcada has a great location but back to the question of room size. We were given a room that was tiny I believe this to have been the smallest on the floor so don't stay in any room with 10 ie 310,410 if the floor plan is anything to go by. We are two small Scots and basically had a foot claerance round the bed and nowhere to open a suitcase, and no we dont go on holiday to spend our time in our room but there is a limit! That said I am sure the rest of the rooms would have been adequate. I managed to see next door and it was fine. We did ask to be moved but to no avail. We had great time though, excellent location good bars and retaurants around and all Barcelona has to offer easily accessable either by foot or from the subway Jaume 1 across the road.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What did you expect? A fair bit written already on this hotel on a number of subjects - I have split into headings here:Room Size - Fine, please don't go to Barcelona and spend all your time in the room. Couldn't open the window however, if you like fresh air!Room Amenities - No bath (if that's a problem), but good shower. TV, minibar all good. Good headboard and mirrors.Location - Just what you need - near Bari Gothic and ten minutes from beach / port.Noise - It's Barcelona!!! Yes loud but if you've been to Madrid this will seem quiet.Staff - They're Catalans - Don't take it personally.Breakfast - European, don't leave your table unattended for too long or it might go!Bar - OK - everything you need, plenty better a short walk away.Restaurant - Didn't use - but given location shouldn't need to.Gym etc. Sorry can't comment - but it was open if I'd wanted to use it  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>chunkomunko
<Content>Better late than never!       Picture from our hotel room!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dizzybabe45
<Content>Great Location, Nice Hotel,Great City Stayed at the hotel for a short city break. Staff were polite and helpful. The breakfast has a large selection and includes English Breakfast not just cold meat as is often the case in European Hotels. The rooms are on the small side but are adequate and the bathrooms are spacious, modern and clean. The location of the hotel is great especially for those wanting to stay close the the sights but on a quieter road than the Ramblas.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location to explore. Ideal location for exploring the city, 15 mins walk from the main square. The hotel, bedrooms and bathrooms were very clean. and the staff friendly. Excellent breakfast with a great selection. Yes the bedroom was small and there was little natural light as the window looked out onto an internal courtyard. The airconditioning was also a bit dodgy, but for a short break at this time of the year was quite acceptable. Would not have been satisfactory in the summer.Roof top jacuzzi and gym were free.Would recommend for a short break but shop around to get a good deal.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Deborah0307
<Content>Fantastic Location This Hotel in on the edge of the Gothic Quarter and walking distance from pretty much everywhere. We could not have chosen a better location. I麓ve just read a few reviews from others and was really shocked at what I read. Yeah ok, the rooms are small but not small enough to complain about. The bathrooms are really spacious and clean with a great shower.... The staff are more than helpful and we even ate at the hotel one evening, food was great and recommended some really good places to visit. If you like cocktails there is a place called Dry Martini...  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Over rated, Unhelpful  Ok, I'm just back from a weekend @ the Montcada.My first Complaint, like everyone else....there wasn't room to swing a cat in the room! I ordered the bumper package with the robes, champagne etc but we ended up leaving them in the packages as it wasn't a room made for relaxing in Robes and drinking champagne etc. We just wanted to get out of there.Next was the Breakfast. The ladies serving weren't very pleasant to say the least. I phoned for it to be brought to the room and I was told that I would have to pay for the full breakfast (even though it was part of the package) plus extras. The menu in the room said that there was just a 3 euro charge for bringing it to the room. I went down for Breakfast at 10.15 (Serves until 10.30) and I it was pretty much thrown at me.I asked the girl at the reception where was good place for dinner around the area. She said nowhere. We sat and had a meal in the lobby (read below). While having the meal I overheard another person asking a different girl at reception the same question, where was good around the area for dinner?, and she gave him a list of places!When you enter the hotel, the reception is in the lobby. This is a nice area with a bar BUT is was also used as the restaurant in the evening. Which like the bedrooms, cramps your style. The food was nice the first night. The second night my partner asked for her salmon to be well done. It was so on the outside but raw on the inside. She ended up ordering another dish that she was charged for. We asked for a wake up call on our last night that we had to get a flight the following morning. We had a few drinks and our mobile phones were dead (no alarms) so we pleaded with them to keep ringing us and make sure we got up. They didn't. First they said they didn't have the list. Then they said they made all the calls and a room that didn't answer, they called up to and knocked until the people got up. They did not do either for us. We missed our flights, had to stay another night in the hotel and pay another 400 euros for flights, along with missing a days work. They would not except responsibility. An hour later the changed their story and said they called us and we answered. We know this didn't happen.Overall...the Montcada is over priced, inconsistent, small and unreliable  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>jdf2006
<Content>Over-rated       Very small bedroom  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel was ok, location was great Just returned after a 4 day break in barcelona.Hotel was nice but with one or 2 complaints.Room size was fine - not a big room but nothing to complain about, bathroom was really nice.The biggest problem we has is that we were on the first floor at the front of the hotel - weekdays the noise was not to bad but at the weekend it was impossible to sleep because of the noise from the street so if you are not staying out until 5 try and get a room higher up or at the back of the hotel.We had booked the mondcada pleasure offer which includes access to the jacuzzi on the roof with the cava reception. The jacuzzi was closed - did not really mind but thought we should have been informed of this before we arrived as it did influence picking the hotel. Champagne was not forthcoming either. Breakfast was lovely and the location was excellent  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Barcelona wondeful but..... This hotel is situated in a great location, but can only be described as functional. I really cannot understand how it has been rated so highly as I was bitterly disappointed.Let me explain. The rooms vary in size considerably depending on where in the building they are situated. I know this because faced with a room where you could barely walk around the bed, and no bath, we asked to move. To be fair there was no quibble about this, and for reference, the twin rooms tend to be larger than the doubles.However, even having acquired more space, the room was basic. Small details such as no full length hanging space, no sockets near a mirror (other than in the bathroom), one pillow per person, no tea/coffee etc etcI should point out that none of this would have bothered me in the least if I had paid a bargain price, but this hotel is vastly over valued/graded. At best it is a functional, business hotel - clean and tidy, and the staff are polite and efficient. It is certainly not my idea of romantic, in any way, shape, or form, even if they do give you a glass of Cava on arrival!Barcelona, on the other hand, I would go back to in a shot. It is a wonderful place.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MGreenSurrey
<Content>Great Location Just got back from staying at the H10 Montcada. The two of us arrived at the hotel and our room was not available, however the hotel stored our luggage. Fantastic location for exploring all the sights, the room was very very small and ours did not let in a lot of light, however it was comfortable and the bathroom was lovely. The staff at the hotel were extemely friendly and very helpful and the breakfast buffet was really good, a wide variety of food even bacon and eggs!We were a short walk away from Taller De Tapas which was a really nice place to eat. Would definately stay at this hotel again as it was in a great location.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel in a perfect location Just got back from three nights in Barcelona at the H10 and certainly have no complaints at all. It was a great hotel with champagne on arrival, very clean facilities and the breakfast was fantastic it set you up for the day.I can't understand why this hotel receives negative reviews for the size of the bedrooms when you're in Barcelona do you really want to spend that much time in there anyway? Our room overlooked the busy steet but we weren't disurbed by any traffic noise, the rooms are of ample size for two people and the bathroom is modern and spacious. We ordered the champagne and strawberries package which was great, we just asked reception and they brought it to the room for us. Unfortunately the jacuzzi wasn't filled when we were there which we could have used because the days were warm but it wasn't a problem enough to mention it to the staff. Anyway, the views from the roof are a good enough reason to go up there anyway!All in all we had a great time in a wonderful city and would definitely stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic! Booked hotel before reading the reviews..........then I started to worry. The room size was fine for two people - lovely ensuite, friendly staff, massive selection at breakfast. The location was fine, at no stage did one feel threatened/uncomfortable wandering in the vicinity.CAVA reception is provided - but it does depend what time you get there (ie daylight hours!) Hotel is very easy to find as a metro stop is opposite.Would recommend to anybody.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Slickslider
<Content>Excellent Weekend Break       Laietana (road hotel is on)  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would certainly go again, not as bad as people make it out to be. I found this hotel a lot better than I was expecting, I was a bit worried by some of the reviews but I found this hotel to be really nice.Bags were collected as soon as we got out of the taxi and drinks offered at reception this was a nice touch and made you feel extra special.We were shown to our room and I found the staff to be very helpful, the rooms were very clean and although perhaps a bit small nothing major, we had plenty of room to move and put our suitcase, what you have to remember is this hotel is very close to everything we wanted to see so I feel we had to compensate on the size of the room a little, we walked to most places and even took the bus tour to see Camp Nou this was amazing!!The breakfast is the best I have ever seen and for what we paid this in itself was well worth it, it was lovely and really set us up for the day.Would certainly go here again and would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>zoefitz
<Content>Good Location We stayed for a weekend. The double room was very clean, a little bit on the small side. We had booked the 'Montacada Pleaure' with champagne and strawberries and use of the jacuzzi, we never received the bottle of champagne or the strawberries and the Jacuzzi was only open between 12pm - 4pm which we were not informed about upon arrival. A little disappointed as we were charged in full.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay away Second visit in 3 years.. first visit fine.. recently refurbished, staff friendly, great service.. this time round very different. Staff were very unhelpful.. tried several times to book taxis with them .. they booked them for wrong days .. no apologies given. Ended up going to another hotel to get them to help us.. Rooms very poor.. had to ask for extra pillows, when they arrived they had no covers on them.Asked for a continental breakfast on room service..extremely poor attempt made. Not impressed with the quality of food, rooms or service. Not value for money.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>brindle
<Content>Excellent hotel for a long weekend We were slightly worried before arrival having read about the size of the rooms and the noise. Yes, the rooms are small but you are hardly in them at all (too much going on in the City to be stuck inside). We were were in room 302 and our friends in 205 - both rooms were exceptionally clean and the power showers are brilliant. The view from the rooftop terrace is an added bonus - we have some great photos of the sunrise. The breakfast buffet is excellent - tons of choice - eat as much as you want. We found we didn't need lunch as we were still so full! The staff were very helpful and we were able to leave our luggage in a secure area as we were returning on a late evening flight. The location is perfect - within walking distance of many of the main attractions. Yes it is noisy - but it is a City! As in a lot of major cities, crime is a problem (although on this occasion we didn't see anything) - my friend and I left our handbags at home - this meant no worries about security when we went out! To summarise - the hotel was better than we had expected and we had a great weekend. Buy a ticket for the Tourist Bus to get the most from the city and enjoy the breakfast buffet!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel, great location Stayed in H10 Montcada for 6 nights. The room was of a good size for a twin room. The staff on reception were very friendly and always smiling. The room was very clean. The breakfast was excellent. The safe in the bedroom came in very handy and you could set your own code. The room also had a mini-bar.The hotel is in an ideal location, only a short walk to Las Ramblas and the beach. And then there was the Bank Holiday Festival !!!! It was fantastic - the atmoshpere was great.If i was to go back to Barcelona again I would most definately stay in this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful hotel We were in Barcelona Hotel Montcada for 4 days/nights and everything was fantastic from the service to the food to the hotel roof!!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best European hotel I have stayed in Booked this hotel for our honeymoon and we were not disappointed. The hotel was very clean and perfectly located to see Barcelona. Staff helpful, breakfasts lovely and bar prices reasonable.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WicklowIrelandOntour
<Content>Excellent Hotel We stayed in the Montecado and can reccommend it to anyone looking for a comfortable professionally run hotel in the centre of Barcelona. Sure the room was a little small but that aside there was nothing negative whatsoever to say about the Montecado. The jacuzzi is a splendid touch and was the perfect end to a day strolling the Ramblas and shopping. Breakfasts were excellent - the bathrooms are excellent and the air conditioning worked perfectly. The room safe was very handy - you set the combination yourself so no need to carry an extra key with you.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sdb123
<Content>Room was expensive AND tiny. The H10 Montcado is in a great location in the Gothic Quarter, which scores it some points, but our room was tiny, which for the price ($250 - $300) was very disappointing. Literally, there was 18 inches of space on the three sides of the double bed. The bathroom was also tiny - one of those showers that gets the whole room soaked. The breakfast was good, but I would not recommend this hotel. You could do better for the price and similarly well-located.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel As soon as we entered the hotel we were greeted with a champagne reception. The staff were really nice for the whole 4 nights we were there (apart from the one who was asleep when we left at 3am in the morning). Excellent location within walking distance of everywhere but virtually next to a metro station as well making getting around the whole city really easy. Food was really tasty with a big variety buffet selection. the rooms were modern and were spacious enough for two. I would definitely go back there again!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dont listen to the others - H10 is fantastic Myself and 3 girlfriends stayed at the hotel from a Saturday morning to Monday afternoon and it was fantastic. On arrival we were offered a glass of cava which really set our weekend off to a good start. The staff are very friendly, our rooms (2 x twins) were very clean - they might not be very big but what do you want from a city break hotel, the bathroom was very clean. Oh and the breakfast - the choice is yours.... I cant understand why anyone would complain about this hotel. I would certainly go back to this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant hotel Everything was brilliant for 4 nights. Stayed in room 302 - was slightly small as expected but not as bad as we thought it would be after reading the reviews on here! Breakfast, staff, beds, all excellent. Fantastic bathroom with power shower. Location is perfect and traffic noise minimal unless you open the window! Rooftop terrace gives fabulous views over the city. Very small critisism - the air con was perfect for us as it was not too hot in June but can imagine that it might not be cool enough for some people in July and August.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Room was so small l thought we would run out ot of oxygen Barcelona is probably a really good city but our stay at this hotel ruined the experience. The room was so small we had no room to unpack our luggage. Can you imagine that in a hotel room for two you could only get out of one side of the bed, awful. l had to keep my clothes packed for the entire trip with the bag up against the wall. The walls themselves appeared to be paper thing allowing us to have full access to converstions next door. We tried to upgrade the room but with no luck The only thing that this hotel had going for it was location. The service was poor with little in the way of amenties in the hotel itself. The bar is in the foyer so you feel it inapproprite to drink, and there is no late bar so unless you want to go to a club you are pretty lost.  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved Barcelona The hotel was in a brilliant location and very near a metro station. Yes the room was small but it was clean and very well equipped. The bathroom was a really good size and lets face it how long do you spend in your hotel room anyway? The breakfast was fantastic and the staff were really friendly and helpful. We will definately stay here when we return to Barcelona. It's worth going up to the roof of the hotel for the view over the city.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Tripper43
<Content>Great value hotel We booked this hote through HOTELCLub and got a great deal in October. Yes, the rooms are compact, but nice and anyway, we were on a weekend trip so who stays in the room for long? We made great use of the cava at reception and excellent breakfast buffet, always plentiful despite arriving 5 minutes before the end each time (Cava available yet again for the hard core). Friendly service, spotlessly clean, somewhat anonymous but would definitely recommend.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply Ok- tiny rooms - there are better hotels We arrived at the H10 Montcada and on first impressions this seemed a good hotel. The Cava reception that so many people rave about however was not offered to us- rather we were given out room details- the dreaded 507!As we opened the door, like previous reviews- we could not believe what we were seeing. A tiny, tiny dark room. I opened the door to the bathroom thinking this was a family joint room- it wasn't!The room was very stuffy so we flicked on the air conditioning- it didn't work- the cold air doesn't work at this time of the year. So we went to open the window- no - this overlooks a sealed interior court! This room is a prison cell.We did ask to be moved- they said come back in the morning- we did.....we were then told the hotel was booked out. Even though we had a nice time in Barcelona- we dreaded going back to the hotel each night. So;========================Good points about this hotel are========================* The bathroom is clean and modern* The breakfast* Location* Free net access* Breakfast service staff* Good views from the terrace========================The bad points========================* The rooms are very small *in fact too small* Beds are not great* Rooms 507, 607, 707 and the ones ending in 11 are the smallest andif you use lastminute/expedia to book then be sure to bring a fan.* Jacuzzi is ice cold- not working at all* Bar Closes early* Hotel is currently under refurbishment- floors 6  7- be prepared for drilling noises-bangs at 8 in the morning========================Recommendations========================* If you are checked in to 507 or similar ask immediately to be moved* If you cannot move- a tip is too run the shower in the bathroom (cold tap) and close up the door for fifteen minutes- then open the door to let you have some cold air (first I've done this in a four ****hotel!!!!)* Bring lots of face creams etc- otherwise your skin will dry out with the heat in the room.* Bring good company (I did) as you will probably not get much sleep in 507 etc========================Would I stay at this hotel again?========================The Answer is no.Try Hotel Jazz..  
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>higadoconchianti
<Content>Perfect location My wife and I stayed here 3 nights from 12 Jan 2005 and would stay here again. The room was small as stated elsewhere however for a short stay was fine and not exactly cramped. The rooms were clean and the bathroom and shower were excellent. We had no problem with noise at all and the location of the Hotel is central to everything we wanted to see Ramblas, Port etc. There was a great breakfast on offer and we had 1 meal in the restaurant which was of a very high standard and reasonably priced.One fault only was the Hotel bar closes early at 11.00 and we were unable to get a drink on returning one night at 11.30. The Hotel do not offer room service after the bar closes. There is a mini bar in the room but we wanted a bottle of wine to bring to the room and had to do without.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Modern, Charming but small! Stayed at the Montcada for three nights, overall had a wonderful stay there. On arrival we were greeted in an appropriate manner and shown to our room. The room was very nicely decorated, modern, clean and the bathroom was lovely. My only point would be how small the room was! This did not however have any impact on our stay. Facilities in the hotel were good although the bar area of the hotel (part of the reception area) did get busy in the evening and only had a limited amount of seats.Great location, close to everything. Lovely!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel - very central We stayed at the H10 Montcada for a week in December, 2004 and had a very nice time. Staff were friendly and helpful. Breakfast was great - there was a great choice. Rooms were a little small but nice. Bathroom was spacious and very clean. Hotel is 10 mins walk from the Ramblas and beside a Metro station - good location for easy access to the city centre. Overall, we enjoyed our stay in the H10 Montcada.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Central, quality first class Stayed in 20 dec 2005. Excellent position shops, cathedral, marina all short walk. Carva on arrival nice touch. Breakfast brilliant, rooms clean tidy sufficient space in 808. Will stay again next xmas.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>saltairetripper
<Content>great location visited montcada hotel for 6 days in december and the location was excellent, just on the edge of everything and right on the route of the open top tour bus, giving you a base to see everything that barcelona offers with many good restaurants nearby at reasonable prices.only 2 downsides to this hotel, the noise, 24 hours a day of nonstop traffic honking horns and waking you up in the middle of the night, also the noise from the metro system is like a plane taking off from the hotel lobby every ten minutes. the second problem is the rooms are a little on the small size.these aside the hotel does not fail on anything, top quality breakfast, the staff are the happiest spaniards i have ever met, nothing is too much trouble, the rooms are very modern in decor with brilliant power showers. a great holiday in a tremendous city  
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good hotel, good location We stayed here for four nights in May 2004 based on the reviews on this site.Hotel:  - nice building - friendly staff - good sized room with good shower - view from the roof terrace is spectacular - breakfast really is unbelievably good.Location:  - near the beach and old quarter - minutes from the tram stopI would definitely recommend this place based on my experience.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you want your bag snatched stay at the Montcada I'm writing this review as I really would like to tell people what happened to us and warn them away from this location.I've just returned from a few days in Barcelona, we were part of a fairly large contingent of people who were over for a wedding. Tuesday night my friends bag was snatched just outside the hotel at the pedestrian crossing. Thursday night another member of the wedding group who was staying at the hotel had their bag snatched outside the hotel at the same pedestrian crossing. Saturday night two more people who were staying at the hotel had their bags snatched within half an hour of each other at the same location.While I realise that the hotel is not responsible for these crimes I really do not feel that they impressed enough on people the danger that exists. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone. It is obviously targeted by bag-snatchers. Of the five days we were there four people that left the hotel had their bags snatched. There could even have been more.The hotel was relatively nice. Luckily we managed to avoid the dreaded small rooms. However its impossible to relax for the holiday as you learn to dread each time you step outside the hotel.Stay away....  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Small For Sure We stayed at the Montcada in Sept 2004. I had read all of the reviews and was expecting a small room. I have to admit that it was smaller than I had imagined, the bedroom was about 7' x 12'. The bathroom was nice, not large but it had updated fixtures, shower, etc. Our room was on the 2nd floor so I wasn't surprised to be able to hear people out on the street and this wasn't so loud that it bothered us. What I didn't expect was that the subway ran right underneath the hotel and so our room shook and we heard the subway every 5 minutes. The location was otherwise good. We were in easy walking distance of lots of shops and the subway station across the street allowed for easy access to anywhere in the city. I doubt that I would stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>*****Will stay again ***** Good hotel, good location really friendly staff and EXCELLENT breakfast. A little disappointed on size of our room. But very clean and modern. Will stay again.... xx  
<Date>Dec 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent location, a very good choice We stayed at the H10Montcada in Barcelona one night in September before embarking on a cruise and 2 nights in October after returning from the cruise. Location, location... location was perfect not far from the port and right in middle of the Old Town (across from the Cathedral) and very accessabile to public transportation. Walking distance to The Ramblas, Picasso Museum and good restaurants. Yes, the rooms are small ( we had 4 large pieces of luggage for a month cruise and left them safely in hotel storage bringing up our overnight cases),but the rooms and baths are modern and spotless, the staff multilingual and anxious to please. Dinner one night in hotel restaurant very good with complimentary wine. A plus is the rooftop lounge area with a large hot tub and a splendid view of the city. As a serious photographer I enjoyed taking sunset and sunrise pictures of Barcelona and the spires of the Cathedral from the rooftop vantage point. We definitely would go back.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Is definitely not a 4 star hotel The first imprssions were good, but when checking in we were given room 111, which is a ridiculously small room, there was not even room to unpack a suitcase, the mini bar could only open 15 cm, it was being blocked by the end of the bed, the dobble bed was on one side against the wall. When sleeping on the wall side you need to climb over to get out. Immediately after seeing this room went down to reception desk and said that this room was unacceptable ( we were staying 4 nights ! ) and we wanted another room. Much to our surprise we were informed that all hotel rooms in Barcelona were that small, and that there were no other rooms available and they were fully booked for the coming 4 nights.Basicly we had no choise to move to another hotel and the room for the 4 nights was already paid for, and we were not getting our money back !After an hour or so of argueing with reception and after our contacting our travel agent with whom we booked this hotel, we were finally informed that we would be able to get another room later in the evening arround 22:30 hrs ( we had checked in at 2:30 in the afternoon ). Nice way to start a long looked forward to break !!We did in the evening get a bigger room. Staff was not at all helpfull. The location of the hotel is great, but there are quite alot of hotels in that area and would definitly look into another hotel before staying at this one. Would not recommend this hotel to anyone and if you do go, be sure not to get room 111.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice break to barcelona hotel in good location to all areas of city life. the rooms are small but are very clean. the only downside to this hotel is the noise at night the windows are only single glazed and if like us right on a corner of a busy street with an all night coffee shop opposite be prepared to buy earplugs if we had not been touring long periods of the day it probably wouldnt have mattered. any way staff are helpful restaurant manager always cheerful and the food was excellent.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mpjj49
<Content>great english speaking hotel Stayed two nights at the H10 Montcada from the 17th to 19th october . Great english speaking hotel in a good location next the Gothic quarter. Very helpful english speaking staff with a viewing area around the top of the hotel. Breakfast was wonderful and saved the cost of eating out first thing. Rooms were average in size but acceptable for tourism and the bathroom was great, (even a disposble razor was supplied).  
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coopstar
<Content>Montcada was great My wife and I spent 10 days at the Montcada on our honeymoon in late September and early October and really enjoyed ourselves. The staff was very friendly and helpful, the buffet breakfast was good and the free Internet was another great benefit. Plus it's in an incredible location.While the room was small we did not find it unreasonably so (and I'm more than 2 meters tall). It was nicely decorated and the bathroom was plenty spacious.Altogether, it was a great place to spend our honeymoon. We'd return to the Montcada (and to Barcelona) in a minute.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>reading222
<Content>Good hotel in good location We arrived early straight off the tube and our room was ready. Cava on arrival is nice touch. Nice modern bathroom with walk-in type shower. Very good choice at breakfast. Great views from the roof garden.Location is ideal near Barri Gothic and Born and opposite the tube station. As regards other comments on this site, I don鈥檛 think this is a high crime area. The Born area is young and trendy, although like many gentrified areas it has a mixed population. Nonetheless, we felt comfortable walking around at night, especially if you stick to the main streets. There are probably fewer 鈥榓rabs鈥?here than in my home town. Barca is known for pickpocketing and bag snatchers, but I wouldn鈥檛 say this area was any higher risk than elsewhere.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>King_Henrik
<Content>Excellent Montcada We spent a long weekend in the montcada and had a great time. Staff all spoke english and were excellent. Hotel is 2mins from the cathedral close to the excellent metro system, so most of the city is easily accessible from this. Barca is a good city to just walk around but it massif, so the metro is good to get you home after a long day. If you have time go to monserrat- a bit of a trip but well worth it  
<Date>Oct 10, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Moncada Stayed for 8 days at the H10 Moncada beginning Sept 12th. The Hotel was perfect in every way from the glass of cava and chocolate covered strawberries on arrival to the modern, clean, corner room facing the Cathedral. The room was on the smallish side but big enough with a large marble tiled bathroom with all amenities. The buffet breakfast which was included in the price had everything you could possibly want and was delicious.The location was excellent- in the Bari Gotic next to the Ribera and a block or so the the tourist bus. The staff were very friendly and helpful and made you feel at home. All in all a delightful place to stay and I would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel Great hotel in a fantastic hotel, clean, friendly with a lovely breakfast within walking distance to a great many sights and also near the metro. Room size more than adequate if you're in barcelona to enjoy all the city has to offer.Didn't experience any problems at all, as always be aware and be sensible with regards to pick pockets etc  
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, facilities and staff! On arrival, we were informed our floor had a problem with the electrics, and we were put up in another hotel just up the road. The manager himself and the bellboys walked up the road with us and insisted on carrying our cases! We ended up with the top floor suites of the other hotel because of the inconvience!We moved back to the Montcada the next day. Rooms were very clean and tidy, everything modern and working. Very good shower! Rooms were on small side - but when in a wonderful city like Barcelona - who stays in their room for long!?Staff were consistently helpful. Room terrace is stunning - view only bettered at the very top of the Sangrada Familia! Breakfast offered a great choice, which set us up for the day!Location also fantastic, 2 mins from tube stop, and 5 mins walk to main restaurant square off La Ramblas. We walked our feet off!Our initial hiccup was handled very professionally, and our stay at the Montcada was great - we'll recommend to friends. It's a very nice hotel, in a fantastic location. Don't be put off by room sizes (which really aren't bad!) Get out there and see the city!!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An upmarket hotel in the middle of below average We had mad the mistake of being put into the hostel across the street from the H10. So at 11pm at night we were able to get a room.Stayed up till 3 using the free internet access in the room. Great value.Room had bathrobes, marble bath, free internet, great breakfast (huge!). Room is european and small. Don't pan on doing any intertaining in the room unless it is very intimate!Good business hotel, staff speak english (mostly) and work hard to please.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rooms too small! Booked a Garden double (and paid more than a normal room rate for the privilege!) in the Montcada via Last Minute.com, however when we booked in I was told that the hotel doesn't have any garden rooms! Very disappointed - I have stayed in many 4 and 5 star hotels throughout the world and the rooms in the Montcada must be the worst! We stayed in room 411 and couldn't open the door as it hit the wardrobe, you could only get in the bed on one side as it was against the wall and the view was of a brick wall - Not a garden in sight!! Be very careful about booking hotels through Last minute as you don't always get what you pay for!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Oh yes beware the BAG SNATCHERS The hotel was supposedly in a good section, that is but it really isn't. The Barrio Gotico is where lots of poor Arabs and Locals live. The room was a bit of a squeeze, however, the breakfast was really lovely. My friend and I on our last night were going into the lobby we were in between sliding doors when out of nowhere this tall, lanky, we assume arab man grabs her purse and runs...I ran after the hijo de puta down an alley right around from the hotel, all the locals looked on as if this is an everyday occurence, because sadly it is. Barcelona is a beautiful city but the petty thievery is HIGH. SO if you are single woman or a bucnh of girls avoid this hotel if you will be out at night.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>H10 gets Full Marks This is a terrific hotel. We had a twin room on floor 8 with a view over towards the sea, and just under the wonderful rooftop patio. We've travelled all over, and Montcada's young, friendly  happy staff provided service second to none. Breakfast is superb, so is the location. We'll definitely book here again.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Weekend I'm Amazed that anyone could complain about this hotel/city. Both are great, the hotel staff are very helpful, the rooms are not too small, the decor and cleanliness is superb. How can anyone comlain about the breakfast. Hot English, Continental, cold meats and cheeses, pastries, cereals, and beautiful fresh fruit. Plus a glass of Cava to start the day (if you feel inclined). The location is great. 5 minutes to La Rambla, 5 minutes to the Marina and Barceloneta (with its fantastic sea food restaurants). Barcelona is the most amazing city hundreds of restaurants to eat at. (Make sure you lunch at La Boqueria market). Hundreds of placesto visit. All of them at affordable prices. We will definately go again, and stay at the Hotel Moncada.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel! What an excellent hotel. Room was smallish, but if you are spending any time in your room whilst in such a fantastic city then you must be mad! Roof top sun terrace provides excellent views, along with an open air jacuzzi and small but well equipped gym. Overall, higly recommended!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, Food, and Staff Barcelona is as good as it gets...equals or surpasses Paris. Stayed 5 nights in this modern-style, boutiquish hotel during July, '04. From previous reviews, we knew enough to ask for a larger room, and one that was on the 7th or 8th floor. Bedroom was small with twin beds, but was immaculate and had a terrific view. Marble bathroom very modern and large with hairdryer. Despite the fact that our room location was basically very quiet, Barcelona is a party town, so, if you opened the window at night, you'd hear people singing and partying at 2-5 a.m. Airconditioning was much appreciated, since it was hotter than all get out during summer months. The breakfasts and dinner menus at this hotel are filled with delicious choices of food, and the service was excellent. As a matter of fact, I think the dinner we ate at this hotel was the best of our stay in the city. To an American, there were odd combinations of food choices, but we tried everything, and thought the food was great. They served the most delicious olives with everything, which have a flavor that is buttery, and produced that way for more than 100 years, according to locals. Top floor of hotel has hottub and spectacular 180 degree city views.Location of this hotel is fantastic!! You're right in the middle of the Gothic Quarter, and walk to all historical sites and other districts easily, or catch subway across the street if you want to go to outskirts. The back alleys of Barcelona are a maze of historical and charming buildings. No matter which direction you walk, you will discover the most amazing things. Don't miss walking down any of the alleys near this hotel, because you'll miss something wonderful. Maps don't include most of these narrow streets, and the alleys are so complicated, you should just go with your adventurous side. Be careful of your wallet in all cities in Europe! The young and attractive hotel staff was wonderful. Everyday they'd make me tea or latte, and served me chocolates at 4 a.m. (partiers woke me up every night, but I was also too excited to sleep),despite the fact that the restaurant and bar was closed, while I sat in the hotel lobby and used the guest computer with free internet (that saved us a lot of money). Staff were always patient and very helpful.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The worlds smallest double + bag snatchers We were initially very impressed with the Montcada, good location , smart lobby, welcome drink of Cava etc ... however the room itself wasnt really a double room at all, with only just enough room for a table at the end. It was however well decorated with a lovely marble bathroom and walk in shower. Our friends room was also a double but had a 3/4 bed and was almost a student box room, we were pretty horrified when we saw it. The other negative element was the gangs of bag snatchers in the locality. We were the 200th that night to be victimised - so BEWARE. Despite a number of positive elements, we would NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL AGAIN.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2004
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Position The staff were very friendly and helpful. We were expecting a tiny room (after reading the reviews) but ours was a well appointed and decent size . The bathroom was modern and well designed very clean and spacious.The breakfasts were a delight with everything to eat you could wish for. One step out and you are in the centre of the city. We enjoyed our stay and would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone visiting Barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NomiSim
<Content>Great hotel, excellent location Easy to get to from the airport, no need for a taxi just jump on the train and then the metro, Jaume 1 is right outside the hotel. The welcoming glass of Cava was well received in the heat and the staff were very friendly. We had a lovely room on the top floor which was quiet with a fantastic view. It had everything we needed, great free stuff and sweets by the bed every day! Lots of people seem to have whinged about the size of the rooms in their reviews, but we found ours as a pleasant surprise, the hotel is city centre, you have to expect to compromise somewhere. The hotel was perfectly situated in the Gothic quarter, within walking distance of Las Ramblas and plenty of nice restaurants and bars. It was easy to see all the sites as well, we got on the tourist bus just up the road from the hotel for about 拢12 for one day, 拢15 for two. This tours you round all the important bits and gives you good discounts to the attractions. We'd recomment Sagrada Familia and the Zoo.The highlight of the hotel had to be the lovely terrace, it was fantastic and only got busy late in the day. The hot tub was nice but did get a bit smelly due to unshowered sweaty people commandeering it.Breakfast wasn't as good as reviews had suggested. The hotel is trying to cater for various tastes and they try their best. The hot stuff is just a bit strange but you can get smoked salmon, lovely fruit and pastries to die for!Overall, we would definitely recommend this hotel. Everyone was very helpful. They will gladly look after your bag if you have an evening flight and let you use the terrace facilities as well, which includes a shower.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NikNak79
<Content>Why all the moaning ? After reading reviews on this site we weren't expecting much from the hotel but everything about it was amazing. Staff really nice and friendly, even though we did keep locking ourselves out of the room ! Loads of variety for breakfast, which is served till half 10 so you get a bit of a lie-in too.Room was lovely, large enough, great views, really clean and was provided with a large book outlining tons of things to see and do in Barcelona, from eating out to sight-seeing and shopping.Would go back without a shadow of a doubt.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bit of a squeeze On arrival we were given a glass of Cava and the welcome was nice. We were shown to our room, floor 5, room 507. The dreaded room 507, it seems to have a reputation on this site as being one of the smallest hotel rooms in Barcelona. No outside window, tiny room and cramped bathroom left us feeling like we didn't even want to sleep in the room.I spoke to reception straight away, who informed us that they couldn't do anything until Friday (this was wednesday). So, we spent the first 2 nights in the cupboard. On Friday we were moved to a twin room (509), with big window, nice bathroom and plenty of space. We just had to push the beds together.Onto the rest of the facilities:The rooftop terrace has to be the highpoint(pardon the pun) of the hotel. It was lovely to spend the morning and afternoon wandering around the city and then fall into the jacauzzi and lay in the sun. It was a shame they piped awful music up there. Breakfast was hit and miss, staff seemed preoccupied, and at times we were left waiting for a table.Overall the hotel was clean, well placed (a nice distance away from the tacky ramblas) and comfortable once we were moved into a proper sized room. We would recommend it, but make sure you don't get any of the X07 rooms.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>first class location I was prepared for the smallish room so everthing else was a bonus. The room was immaculate and the bathroom was actually quite spacious with white fluffy towels and toiletries. No tea making facilities, but I brought my own travel kettle. There was a fridge for my milk! Sorry, I'm English!Anyway, the location was FABULOUS. It was so near everthing, the ramblas ( overrated!) the tourist bus stop ( great for seeing all the sights, easy peasy and cheap) and being right in the gothic quarter was amazing. It was our favourite part of Barcelona and we could walk everywhere. Narrow streets, full of shops, restaurants, shadowed by a huge cathedral, museum full of Dali's paintings and sculpture, street performers and you can even walk 6 mins and be at the huge department store el corte ingles......The hotel staff were very friendly, no problems there at all. The receptionist explained how we used the tourist bus, booked a taxi for us to the marina......how stupid were we , it was only a 2 minute drive! At the top of the hotel on the roof there is a hot tub and you can take drinks up there to see the panoramic view. From there you can see just how close you are to the marina and see for miles. We went up there after we had checked out whilst waiting for the time for us to leave for the airport. The hotel were fine about this. It was lovely in the sun up there as our hotel room had no balcony. One problem we had was the window. You had to ask to get it opened and shut. My friend was a smoker so this was a bit of a hassle and we decided to leave it open full time. Only problem was at night you could hear the distant noise of the city and more local noise like dogs barking and mopeds. Shutting the window would have dulled this but I didn't want to keep asking the porter to come up to our room.....nice as he was!Breakfast was lovely. Everything was there, bacon, muffins, fresh strawberries, melon, salmon and a drawer full of teas to choose from, including ENGLISH. It was a very calm start to the morning.I loved Barcelona and I really enjoyed my time at this hotel. The rooms aren't big, but they are very clean, the bathroom is a fine size but most of all the LOCATION of the hotel is first class.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel and Location I chose this place based on reviews from this site and i have to say it was one of the best hotels I've stayed at.The staff were friendly and helpful, the double room was a good size and the bathoom was lovely too.I would definetly reccomend this hotel as it is ideally located 2 minutes walk from the Cathedral and about 10 minute walk to Les Ramblas.   
<Date>Jun 4, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Location! H10 Montcada hotel is definetely one of the place to stay in Barcelona. Check in service was swift and staff was friendly (although we had to wait for 1.5 hour for our room to be clean, despite check in at 1pm!). The welcome champagne was a pleasant treat as well. We stayed in the double room at the 5 floor, facing the side street, hence away from the main road which can be noisy at night. Our room was nice, clean and pleasant. A bit small but that didn't bothered us, considering we are really fussy about hotel rooms. The hotel facilities are good and clean.The hotel is just in front of the Metro station, 1 min walk away which was the plus point for us. It is also near to Rue Argenteria, 5 mins walk away from the busy Ramblas and 1 stop away from Barceloneta and the beach, which was great! There are also plenty of shops, bars and cafes around the hotel making it very lively. Would definetely stayed there again and recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect location and excellent staff H10 Montcada is one of the best hotels we have ever stayed! I told to my husband that once we arrived home we will write a review telling the great weekend we spend in Barcelona.Rooms are ok, big enough for being on Barcelona's heart. But the extraordinary is the location, how staff threat us all the time. In each question or inconvenience we had there was somebody that helped us out. Breakfast and dinner were excellent and there is a incredible roof with a jacuzzi where you could see an incredible overview (all barcelona and his coast).It's all most brand new with young and friendly staff. We strongly recommend people who wants to visit Barcelona to stay at H10 Montcada.  
<Date>May 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice rooms and excellent staff.Great Location!!! I spent a weekend on this great hotel. Barcelona is incredible and I'm in love with it but it's important to stay on a great location, and that's what this hotel has. Our room was all right, very clean and new, but we didn't spend so much time on it, because recepcionist staff gave us a lot of recommendations about things to see, to do and also restaurants to go. Also the staff was very helpfull with all my inquiries.Breakfast is extraordinary, great selection, fresh fruit. We tried the restaurant and we were very surprised with it (good food and excellent service).If we have to come back we will come back for sure!!!!!  
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WalesChristine
<Content>Would book again without a doubt Booked a twin room following the previous advice given on trip advisor. Could not fault the room. The hotel staff were very friendly and could not do enough for you. The rooms and hotel were spotless. At the end of the day you can use the jacuzzi which is on the roof top. The breakfast had more than enough variety from fresh fruit, cereal, pastries, cooked through to continental style with rolls and cheese or cold meats. The location is brilliant with the metro literally across the road (Jaume), the tourist bus stops at the end of the next block. You are only a few minutes walk from Catalunya Square and the Marina. I would book it again on my next visit to Barcelona.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The smallest double ever Having read the comments about the Montcada hotels rooms on TripAdvisor we emailed the hotel prior to leaving England requesting a large room. On arrival we were given room 111 and were shocked at the size. We have never seen a room so small. The double bed was only 4 feet 6 inches wide and was pushed into an alcove only 9 inches from the wall. We complained and asked to change rooms. We were told there weren't any rooms because the hotel was full and that all hotels in the centre had the same problem. The next morning we complained again and we were eventually moved to a twin room (208). This room was fine with plenty of space. The rooms are the only failing of this hotel. The location is great and the breakfast/ meals are of a high standard.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Small and Claustrophoblic On arrival the H10 Montcada seemed everything I expected. I had read several reviews on this and other hotels in the Barcelona area, before finally making my selection. On arrival reception was very busy due to the pending football game between Celtic and Barcelona! On previous reviews many guests had said the rooms would be small, however on arrival at our room 507, I could not believe my eyes!! Small was not the word!! Whilst the room was clean and had a very nice bathroom, 507 is at the back of the hotel looking onto an internal courtyard. There was window but with minimal air!! and the air conditioning was not working due to the time of year. I asked to be moved but was told they had no rooms available and that due this being a central hotel, all hotel rooms are small!!. I have stayed in many 4*+ hotels in many cities and found this room to be the smallest I have ever stayed in. Due to our limited time in Barcelona I could not be bothered moving rooms if one was available the following day. Whilst this hotel is in a fab location and breakfast and general standard is very good, I would make sure you ask for a Twin Room at the front of the hotel as these rooms seemed much bigger. I Would not recommend this hotel if you are claustrophobic or either of you are over 6'. However Barcelona is magical!!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definitely NOT 4 Star Quality These really are ridiculously small double rooms. After being ignored for a few minutes I had the front desk argue with me that I only booked a twin, rather than the double as stated on my reservation voucher. There were also things missing from the room that I would have considered standard for a 4* establishment, such as tea/coffee making facilities and a bath (rather than the incredibly small shower you can barely move in). The hotel is very clean but there are a load of other equally well located hotels in the area to compromise on the quality of the rooms.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The smallest hotel room ever seen ! We had already been tranferred from the H10 hotel we had booked but did not mind that until we saw our room. We have never seen a hotel room so small, the double bed was pushed against the wall, it was dark and dismal - horrible. The rest of the hotel was nice. You hardly wanted to return to your room!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Is this Barcelona's best hotel? Hotel is in superb location (far enough away from the Ramblas but within a few minutes walk across Bari Gothic). We could tell we had made a good choice right from the welcoming glass of cava in reception. The room was not huge but as good as you get in a city hotel, the bathroom was excellent. Decor was stylish and new looking, though they do go over the top on the toiletries. We had a room at the front overlooking the road, but this was not noisy even on Friday night. Our only complaint was that the heating at night was a little too high for British tastes and aircon not operating, no doubt because it was winter. Staff very helpful and friendly, particularly at reception. Breakfasts defy description,the only thing missing was kippers. Quality and range fantastic. We would recommend the hotel to anyone for value.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I write from the lobby... This hotel is fantastic - in every way that I have read in reviews below. It麓s immaculate. Our room isnt huge, but we麓ve had a ball so far - in a room that is no smaller than our master bedroom at home, with a closet area and a marble bathroom with a power shower to die for. And all for 95 Euros incl tax and breakfast per room. Some dreadful Scots were checking out when we arrived and then gave the desk staff dogs abuse about the mini bar bill - they got really agressive and tried to involve us - terrible seeing our own country men be so racist abroad. Come and stay here - you麓ll love everything about it unless you need everything in life to be oversized.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bambolbia
<Content>A fantastic place to stay It's just in in the center and in front of the metro station Jaume. Nice rooms but a little noisy. I nice place to stay for your holidays.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location! Recently stayed for 3 nights at the Montcada and loved the location. Yes, the double room we had was small but we weren't in it for long (too much to see and do in Barcelona!). I've been in other double rooms that were smaller and more expensive in London. The rooms were clean and the bathrooms were large and looked recently renovated. Our room had a view of the Cathedral. The front desk staff were very friendly and helpful, The breakfast was also lovely - a nice selection of hot and cold choices. The location was superb though: close enough to the action but away from the crowds.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>0munkee0
<Content>Fabulous Location with Fabulously Friendly staff Booked this hotel on my first visit to Barcelona entirely due to the other reviews on trip advisor. Fabulous Location just to right of the Catedral de Barcelona in the citys gothic quarter, and about a 7 minute walk to La Rambles - Stayed two nights in a twin room, that I have to say is perfectly large enough to swing a cat in, if thats the type of thing that takes your fancy!, with great bathroom with an strange view of a broken building (but if your there for the view out of your hotel window, stay at home and dont ever travel) - lovely buffet style breakfast included in the price of the room, which sets one up till lunch time. The best feature was the hotel is across the road and up a side street to a shop called 'Super Soup', selling some of the loveliest soup i've ever tasted, well worth popping in for some if it is a cold day - or just to see the seller who has a great smile on his face 24/7.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kirven42
<Content>reservations? book this hotel only for location, breakfast.and price (95 euros for double room with breakfast].I knew the room was going to be small,but this is ridiculous for a 4 star hotel! We only stopped one night,so it did not matter too much.Any longer would be claustrophobic.Overnight parking in public carparks cost 拢15.I might return,but only if the price is right.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Check room size first!!! By all means stay at this hotel, the staff are very helpful, the location is excellent and the breakfast is fantastic. BUT BUT BUT check which room has been booked as some are very small. Our double had the bed against one wall and hardly any space apart from that - really not 4 star standard. If in doubt maybe ask for a twin room!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>StuckOnTheFarm
<Content>Location, Location, Location I don't usually come back to leave reviews, but my Husband and I spent the first 4 days of our honeymoon at Montcada and I don't have a single negative thing to say about the hotel. It's location is unbeatable, breakfast is marvelous, the desk staff are cordial and speek english and the entire building is immaculate. I would reccomend it to anyone!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2003
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, great location! We stayed 5 nights in the Montcada and we'd be happy to recommend it to anyone. OK, our double room was pretty small but we didn't spent a great deal of time there. There's just so much to see in Barcelona and thanks to the great location at the Montcada you can step out of the door and start enjoying the city. The staff were friendly and efficient, the place was spotlessly clean and the breakfast (served form 0730-1030) was great. Our room had everything we needed. (We don't do cat-swinging.) There's a safe for storing valuables which actually got stuck one night but we had a member of staff up to fix it within minutes. The bathroom was spacious and the shower was great. Biggest advantage of the Montcada has to be it's superb location just opposite the Cathedral and within easy walking distance of loads of attractions, bars, restaurants and shops.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Excellent location - walking distance to everywhere. Extremely clean, friendly staff, nice breakfast, roof garden with great view of the city. Yes rooms are small but the positives totally outweigh any negative.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>juliw
<Content>Ask for a twin room!   showReview(1275108, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Too small to swing a cat!   showReview(1142935, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>African-Babe
<Content>H10 Montcada "Fantastic"   showReview(1136259, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best !   showReview(1120889, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not enough room to swing a cat!   showReview(1101335, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic   showReview(1020563, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a Treat!   showReview(917940, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, but could do better for a four-star hotel   showReview(852474, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2003
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>nut&tid
<Content>Not very impressed   showReview(739136, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>mmmm 3 course breakfast...   showReview(718897, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>noisette_ka
<Content>un magnifique petit d茅jeuner   showReview(21845189, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>kimettedeneufmaison
<Content>delicieux hotel   showReview(21557074, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>howard11100
<Content>Classe et moderne       chambre  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Die Lage des Hotels ist sowohl...   showReview(17965508, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Stagionale   showReview(16602395, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das Personal an der Rezeption...   showReview(16729566, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das Hotel ist 盲u脽erst g眉nstig...   showReview(16726674, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ViajeroSudaca
<Content>Excelente elecci贸n   showReview(12320888, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ohne Qualit盲tsverbesserung nicht wieder   showReview(11663998, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das zuerst angebotene...   showReview(11426686, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione eccellente, servizio...   showReview(11426687, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La camera era piccolissima...   showReview(11426688, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das Hotel ist in einer...   showReview(11426689, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Accueil 脿 la reception 脿...   showReview(11426692, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Siamo rimasti molto soddisfatti...   showReview(11426691, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wir hatten ein wunderbares...   showReview(11426693, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tutto ottimo, compresa la 1.a...   showReview(11426694, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>CHAMBRES VRAIMENT PETITES...   showReview(11426696, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Aucun espace pour se garer en...   showReview(11426697, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Chambre un peu petite, acvueil...   showReview(11426698, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lage und Service optimal...   showReview(11426699, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2004
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ATTENTION la chambre 511 est...   showReview(11426700, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 29, 2004
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fabuleux s茅jour 脿 Barcelone...   showReview(13397793, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione , ottima...   showReview(12908554, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel 脿 recommander...   showReview(11426701, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima struttura, nel cuore di...   showReview(12871336, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 12, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ich habe den Aufenthalt in...   showReview(12652217, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2003
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

