<Author>MattAndEmilysTravels
<Content>Beautiful views, lacking details.. Had I been traveling for business, this would be an excellent place to stay. The rooms and hotel have really been designed with the business traveler in mind. The hotel is very modern and stylish and has a comfy bed. This hotel does call itself 'financial district', but it is really more Chinatown/North Beach. It is pretty much the end of the financial district, so you may want to see if it really is close to where you need to be.Pros: Nice room layout, good bed, GREAT views, newly renovated with all the standard amenities of a 4 star hotel, complimentary Internet and large desk/work spaceCons: Ridiculous parking charges ($50, I lived in S.F. for years, this is NOT standard, park across the street for HALF), slow valet (call way ahead to get your car), not convenient to many financial dist. areas, bathroom was more 3 star (standard), had free soap, etc and pay choice...at a 4 star? tacky!, missing light bulbs, broken iron, unplugged lamps and old TV. Oh, and a rude and unfriendly desk clerk who gave me a double (after asking for a king), and rolled her eyes at me when I returned to switchI would stay here again, but would park elsewhere and arrive early enough to inspect my room before bed to be sure I had proper lighting and a working iron. If I was Hilton I'd step up my service, this town has a lot of competition.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>3	2	4	3	2	2	2	5	

<Author>DJSWilton_CT
<Content>Take your ear plugs Paper thin walls and very noisey - even when staying very high up. Room clean and nice bed. Overall exceptional value for money at the weekend when booked on hilton.com  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>3	4	-1	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Swtgypsy
<Content>It was perfect! My husband and I were in SF overnight for my b-day. The location was perfect for what my husband had planned and the room was great. Our view was of Coit Tower and part of the Bay. The bed was very comfortable!! My husband called in advance to have champange and a fruit/cheese platter waiting for us and it was there. Front desk staff was average at check- in and check-out. The valet parking staff were really nice! The only thing about valet parking (overnight) it cost $47!!! Wow that was a shock. I am use to parking fees at City hotels and was thining about $25-$30 per night but not $47. So much for getting a good deal through Hotwire! Put that aside everything was really nice and we enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Elizabeth7
<Content>Average I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights when in San Francisco. As a Hilton Diamond got upgraded to executive floor. Room was spacious and well decorated. Executive lounge was not the usual Hilton Standard and the continental breakfast was sparce compared to many Hilton Executive Lounges in USA. It is very much a business hotel and other hotels eg Westin are much more central and better value for money.Average nothing special.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JLHurst
<Content>Nice digs Super nice accommodations. Remodeled less than three years ago, the Hilton's got a luxurious, clean, contemporary feel now. The outside still looks like a Soviet fortress, but who cares? The beds feature beautiful linens, feather beds, down comforters and pillows, and European-style duvets. Everything felt clean and new. Great service all around, from the parking attendant to the concierge. I thought I was in a major jam when I realized I had forgotten to pack a couple basic personal care items and I didn't have time to run to the drug store before catching a ferry. A quick flip through Hilton's guest book revealed their Forgot to Pack service, which offers dozens of toiletries at no cost. Room service delivered my items in five minutes!My major complaint: *tons* of street noise. Even on the 10th floor we could hear conversations from the sidewalk below, the trash collection early in the morning sounded like it was right outside our window, and when a Harley went by it felt like we were inside the tailpipe. Maybe there is something going on with the outside acoustics here...Here's a tip: hotels in the business district aren't busy on the weekends. We went on priceline and bid $99/night for four-star hotels in this area; priceline counter-offered at $120/night and we were in business. Compare to $300/night on hilton's website.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>seaclipse11
<Content>THE       our room..awesome top floor w/balcony  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>Leesw8
<Content>great hotel       View from 1512  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>jonna30
<Content>Great hotel This is a great hotel. Any hotel in San Francisco is going to be a little loud. The cars always seem to be honking at something. Yes, I could hear people in the next room. It didn't bother me. I always sleep with ear plugs at any hotel. I stayed on the 25th floor which gave me access to the concierge lounge. Breakfast was great every day. Not alot of variety from day to day, but plenty to choose from; cereal, bagels, muffins, english muffins, lots of fresh fruit, orange juice, cranberry juice, coffee. In the evening they had some vegetables, dip, cheese, bread, crackers, coke, sprite, water,  a hot appetizer. Enough for a light snack dinner. My room was very functional and clean. The beds are VERY comfortable. Even though this is literally right next to China town it is really in a great location. Columbus street is just a block away with plenty of public transportation and GREAT food. A great bonus was that the hotel offered a town car for transportation in the morning - free of charge (of course a tip is generally expected). I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Brian_NVA
<Content>Location and Decor Trump All Stayed here for a conference, and came away with a positive feeling about the hotel. The hotel is located right next to Chinatown, so if you like Chinese food, you'll be in hog heaven here. Be sure to try the Dim Sum for lunch at the Imperial Palace - we had it two days in a row. Also went to the Empress for dinner... about a block away.I took the Super Shuttle to and from the hotel from SFO for $17 plus tip. Never needed a car during my three day stay... plenty of places to eat within easy walking distance.The room (813) was nicely furnished and decorated, with good use of relatively small square footage. A picture window spanned the entire wall, and a desk ran the length of the window. My room had a great view of Coit Tower and occasionally San Francisco Bay off in the distance. This room still had an old style TV, instead of the flat screens which seem to be more and more common. There were a few relatively minor maintenance issues with the room, but nothing I couldn't live with. These included a black-out curtain that was ripped and repaired with a Band-Aid, a phone that didn't work (the other one had assorted single call buttons, none of which were functional), and some struggles with the heater, which seemed locked on an unusually cool 70 degrees. The shower took a little getting used to, since the shower head was only shoulder high (I'm six feet tall).I'd characterize the front desk service as competent, but not overly service oriented. No valet greeted me upon arrival... I got the impression they were really busy with conference attendees (ours and others). Room service for dinner was very good the first night (Pacific salmon), but only so-so the last night (a parsimonious club sandwich). The folks who delivered it, though, were very pleasant and efficient. My room had a single cup Lavazza coffee maker, and each day I was provided with a single supply of caffeinated coffee and one of decaf. One cup just isn't enough for me in the morning... I needed more. Despite the relatively minor problems, the location and decor trumped all. I'd have no problem returning here next time I'm in San Francisco.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>FlyguyAustin
<Content>Fantastics views in San Francisco Good Hotel. Advertised as a business hotel which I guess means small lobby. My Hilton Honors card must have worked, because I was upgraded to top floor (27) which has a balcony and great view of SF harbor and Coit tower. Room was well done, nice amenity kit, and this floor had free internet (I do not think it is free on other floors). Front desk was very friendly. Housekeeping left thank you note for pillow tip. Close to China Town, and public transportation is easy, but not short walk to much else. Avoid bringing a car into SF because it will be a hassle. Overnight parking in the hotel is $48, and $24 in the public parking structure across the street. If you get a good rate, this is a good hotel I would recommend, even without floor 27.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>grobma
<Content>Not Your Uncle's Hilton The drab architecture of the building itself is the only evidence that this used to be a Holiday Inn. The rooms and common areas have been completely redone and now look more like an upscale boutique hotel.The rooms have been redesigned in a very modern but warm decor. The best part is the long desk that lines the window so that you are easily distracted by a great view. I usually prefer wired internet access as I almost always have signal strength and consistency problems with wireless, but not here. Good strong signal at all times. The Japanese style sliding door to the bathroom was one of the best I've seen as there was almost no space along the sides - a common problem that hampers privacy if sharing the room. A comfortable bed was complimented by a stylish chaise lounge.I did not spend much time in the hotel itself but was impressed with the design of the lobby and the food and retail outlets. The staff was pleasant and helpful. Room service breakfast was pricey but tasty and on time.One of the best things about this hotel is it's location. It is sandwiched by Chinatown and the Financial District, and only one block away from RG Lounge and House of Nanking - two Chinatown favorites. A short walk takes you further into Chinatown or to North Beach.Lastly, all the reviews I read about excessive noise had worried me, but I was not disturbed - by internal or external noise - one iota. I did notice that the ice machine was very loud so had I been in the room next to it I might have thought differently.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>LBtraveller
<Content>OK, nothing more nothing less Visited San Francisco at a busy time of year so booked the Hilton as it was a good deal.I've stayed at the O'Farrell St Hilton before and was really pleased with it. This Hilton is not so good.To begin, it is on a run down street on the edge of Chinatown and the Financial District. The street is pretty grotty with some closed down shops nearby. On a positive it is only a couple of blocks from some of the trams and one block to Chinatown and the business area.The building itself is pretty grim, grey concrete. Reception is OK but obviously not a high end Hilton.We received a welcome note advising that should we choose to check out early a USD100 'admin' charge would be applied. I don't know if this is a new Hilton policy but it's not one I've seen before.Room was OK, small but OK. Bathroom tiny but again OK and clean.Beware the light sleepers, the sound proofing is not great.Overall the hotel was OK, pretty bland but OK.On returning I noticed a USD6.50 charge on my card (interestingly the cost of a bottle of water in your room). I have queried this (I know USD6.50 isn't much but hey it's still money I do not owe them). They have promised to refund the money but it still leaves a bit of a bad taste in my mouth.Would I reccommend this hotel? It depends, as I said it's OK but there are certainly better hotels out there, including the Hilton San Francisco.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	2	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>anta_8
<Content>Great room! I stayed in the hotel only one night after an Alasca cruise,and I wish I had stayed more.O.k ,first the bad things.When we checked in,the man in the reception couldn't find our reservation!I don't remember how long we wated for him to check and re-check.Half an our perhaps.Finally,he found our reservation but he said they didn't have twin beds avalable,as we had asked(we were 2 girls).But,he offered us an amazing king room on the 26floor!So,now the good things.The room 2601 was spacious,clean,elegant furnished, and had the most amazing view through an gigantic window!Really,we didn't had to go to any tourist place of the town so as to see the city from above.We could see Alkatraz,the harbour,the coit tower,...a huge part of the town.Cannot say enough about it!The bed was also soooo comfortable!Bathroom was great ,with all the essentials and I don't think the door is a problem as mentioned by others.In overall, the money we gave (137 euro for one night,no breakfast),considered good deal on what we got.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>YvonneNaperville
<Content>Very disappointed.... First time of my life booking through priceline. I requested a king, non-smoking room. Upon arrival, the man who checked us in said in a very arrogant voice, Even though you prepaid for you stay through priceline discounters, I still need a credit card for incidentals. When I asked if we had a nice room, he said, Since you booked through priceline, you will get our run of the house.....When we arrived at our room, we found out that he put us in a double/double room. My husband  I were on a romantic weekend away  we really didn't want to end our first-ever trip to CA in a double/double room. I called downstairs to talk to the same man. He said, We are completely booked. Not one room to spare. And because you booked through priceline, there is no guarantee of a king room. I hung up and called the hotel (not their 800#, but the hotel #) directly from my cell. I asked for the reservations department. The lady told me that they had both regular king rooms and club king rooms available for that night.I hung up my cell  called the manager of the hotel from the room phone.After 3 conversations, she finally agreed to move us to a king room. At first, she wanted me to pay $40 instead of the usual $50 to get a king. I refused. She finally gave in  moved us without charging us an extra fee.Well, the first toom wasn't spectacular.The king room was horrible. It had a small window in the corner. Even with the lights turned on in the room, it was very dark. The TV worked for a bit, then stopped altogether.I will NEVER, EVER stay at a Hilton again after this negative experience.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Torport
<Content>Great location, comfy beds The hotel is in Chinatown more so than the financial district and just a couple of blocks away from little Italy which is great! The rooms were quite nice, the beds great! The bathroom was unique with a sliding door. If you're sharing with someone you don't know well this could get tricky, there's no lock on the door and it doesn't always close well. Other than the bathroom door, the ony other complaint I have is the elevators. I went as a member of dragon boat team and tons of other teams were there as well. Having only 4 elevators for 20+ floors did prove to be challenging for the number of people coming and going on a regular basis. I walked the stairs a few times to the 9th floor and actually made up there before others who took the elevator.I stayed 4 nights and enjoyed the hotel. We got a good rate since it was a large group. I stayed 4 additional nights in SF at The Donatello which was quite good as well, very different location. The rate for the Hilton was too much for the additional nights.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>JAustin
<Content>Mixed - good and bad I stayed at the Hilton Financial District (actually Chinatown) for almost a week while in SF for a conference. Hotel was nice and clean. I'm a Hilton Honors member and had a non-smoking bay view king room reserved. I checked in at 3:30 and was told there were no more bay view rooms available. That's fine, I wasn't going to be in the room very much. The person checking me in put me in a tiny room next to the maid's closet and it wreaked of cigarette smoke even though it was supposed to be a non-smoking room. I went back to the lobby, waited 15 minutes, was told no one had smoked in the room, but finally convinced them I was not going to stay in a smokey room and demanded a non-smoking room. He gave me another room, telling me it was their last non-smoking room, and luckily it turned out to be fine, though being on a low floor looking over the parking structure wasn't exactly what I was expecting. But, it was clean and fairly quiet. Ironically, people checking in after me, going to the same conference, got non-smoking bay view rooms on high floors and they weren't even Hilton Honors members. They did check in w/ a different person so maybe the guy I got was just being a jerk or having a bad day. For the most part, their staff was pretty friendly though the waitress at breakfast acted like bringing us juice and water was inconveniencing her. I'd recommend the small Chinese restaurant next door for breakfast, nothing frilly, but good food for a great price. The food at the Hilton is way over priced, especially for the breakfast buffet w/ it's cold stale waffles and no cooked to order eggs, just scrambled eggs. Overall, it's an ok hotel. I probably would not stay there again though due to the initial room problem I had and because they allow smoking in some of their rooms, better to go w/ a smoke-free hotel if you are a non-smoker like I am.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	5	2	3	4	

<Author>debart97
<Content>Best Vacation Ever I had to write this review as soon as I got home. I had read some of your previous reviews before we left for vacation and was a little concerned about staying here. It鈥檚 a good thing I took the chance. I can't believe how wrong some of these reviews are. This hotel was the most accommodating hotel I have ever been in. The view from our room was magnificent. Never heard any neighbors and the hotel was packed the full week we were there. The concierge was the best. They were always willing to print something or give recommendations. They also were so friendly and nice and truly interested in you. Yes, we heard city noise, but you are in the city!!!!!!!! This is what it is all about. Everything was in walking distance. I loved this hotel and I am a Hilton Diamond member and stay at many different hotels. This by far was the best place I have ever stayed.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>AxeMcFookie
<Content>Enjoyed our stay - not noisy at all       View of the Coit Tower from our room  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Espejo
<Content>Surprisingly nice This Hilton is on the fringe of Chinatown and adjacent to North Beach, known for its Italian restaurants. Upon arrival, the neighborhood didn't appear to be very attractive; it's busy, commercial and a bit noisy. But the location proved to be a winner. We strolled into Chinatown for lunch, strolled into North Beach for dinner and strolled a short way to catch the cable car. The rooms are large and nicely appointed. The concierge was fabulous; all of the restaurant recommendations were winners. Beware, however, that this hotel charges an outrageous fee of $54/night for valet parking. Cheaper, self-service parking is available on the same block.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Inasuitcase
<Content>AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!! As a flight attendant, I am forced to stay at this hotel. Despite my love for San Francisco, I now try to avoid it at all costs. This has to be one of the noisiest hotels I've ever tried to sleep in. There is no such thing as a good night's rest in any of the rooms. You are surrounded by noise... your neighbors (As the previous posters stated, you can hear EVERY sound! The walls are paper-thin.), the elevators (There are four and they are constantly in motion.), the street noise, the car alarms, the school across the street which has recess continuously throughout the day (Try taking a nap between the bells, basketballs, and jump rope chants!), the police/fire station, and the homeless and drunks that continuously patrol the streets. Oh, and let's not forget the protests that happen across the street almost every time I've been here.Not only that but the management just doesn't care. At least, not when it comes to crew members. I thought their rudeness was only directed at us until I read numerous other postings online. Now, I feel a bit better. Also, as for amenities, it'd be nice to have the option of a refrigerator in my room or the ability to store my cooler in a walk-in refrigerator (Hotels I frequent are more than accomodating.) Once, I inquired about a pool or hot tub and they mentioned the car wash in the basement. I thought, well, that might be fun but, apparently, you're not able to cool off in that, either! lolAll in all, there are many, MANY other options in the neighborhood that are in the same price range that offer a sound night's sleep. I know, we used to stay in them! Look around but do not look here. NO MATTER WHAT THE DEAL MIGHT BE, IT WILL NEVER BE A GOOD ONE! NOT HERE. NOT EVER.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	2	1	5	

<Author>texex91
<Content>Decent hotel, nothing wow, but okay Staff was nice, room was standard, location was good for area walking to restaurants. There on biz and certainly suited my needs. Valet at $50 per day a little high, but hey it's SF.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	3	-1	3	

<Author>Gaelmor
<Content>Avoid at all costs On arriving at the Hilton Hotel, Financial District in San Francisco, it seems perfectly situated between touristy Chinatown and the Financial District. With on-site spa, roof pool, restaurant and friendly consierge, one would think that due to price you'd gotten yourself a great deal, but just wait until you attempt to put your head on the pillow and get some sleep....The windows in this busy downtown hotel have not been upgraded since it was a Holiday Inn in the Sixties, so guests, regardless of how high up they are in the 28 floors are treated to the drunken screams, car alarms and emergency vehicle wails until at least three in the morning.Our personal experience did not end there- we were in a room that had the possibility to be adjoined- we heard every peep, every bowel movement, every pillow wrussle and cell phone discussion about the occupant's brother's STD. UNTIL 5.30 IN THE MORNING.If and when they moved out into the hall it was just as loud, and accompanied by the precussive noise of their door slamming shut due to poor maintenance. When I finally complained, the only solution they offered was to move us to another room- so we can wake up, pack up our stuff, and settle in to a new set of equally noisy neighbors? This was supposed to be a romantic getaway, and so when my fiance refused the new room, the night desk clerk suggested I take up the offer for a new room myself. It's supposed to be a romantic getaway, you idiot!I demanded from the desk clerk that the moment that we checked out, I wanted a word with the manager- not only did they not bring forth the manager, they didn't even bother to ask how our stay was when we did. There wasn't enough time to make a stink about the situation, so I pass this logic on to you, the good readers of tripadvisor.Conrad Hilton, the founder of the Hilton Group, said that above all, the credo of his company was Be Hospitable. This is was the opposite of hospitable. Let 'em have it with both guns and don't give up until you get all your money back. After reading the comments on this site, I'm skipping the management who obviously don't give two figs about their customers, and instead and going straight to corporate. I'll keep you abreast on how well I do getting my money back.just do yourself a favor- by all means, don't stay here. It's a noisy, annoying, sleep-sucking scam.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>1	2	4	4	3	3	1	1	

<Author>lozaman
<Content>Nice but you may not sleep much I brough the wife and kids here for one night (a friday) on our way to another destination. The pros: great location (across the street from chinatown, walking distance to union square shopping, you can catch a cable car to fisherman's wharf). The room was nice, clean and modern w/plasma flat screen. As a Hilton Diamond member I was upgraded to a concierge floor with free continental breakfast, which was nice. Staff is friendly and attentive.The cons: the room was a bit small and cramped, the afore-mentioned steam problem from the shower, the bathroom door is a modern japanese-style slider so no real visual or sound privacy (you can peek in on each side of the door (1/4 opening). But the biggest con of all was the lack of sleep due to sound disturbances. The walls must be paper thin as I could hear a businessman yapping in mandarin in the next room starting at 5am, as if he was in the bed with me. This - after being kept up by the sound of a DJ and people partying from some nightclub until 2am (the sound echoed all the way up to the 26th floor due to the close proximity of the buildings). Needless to say we did NOT get a good night's rest. I would recommend this hotel for a couple without kids who plan to stay up late partying (and hopefully you won't be woken up by the sound of mandarin at 5am). :)  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>SteveandKimUk
<Content>Fantastic Views, Great Location We stayed the the Hilton Financial District on 20th March 2008 for a week, we requested a bay view room on a high floor we got a To die for View with amazing views of the Bay area, Alcatraz, Sausalito, North Beach. The room was exactly as the photo on the Hilton website, modern, immactlately clean, well decorated, with the most comfiest king size bed, with crisp egyptian cotton sheets. Bathroom was compact but it had everything you need and was topped up daily. Tea/Coffee making facilities, No mini bar, but complimentary bottled water, and an ice bucket for the ice dispenser next to the lifts on each floor. Free internet access and flat screen tv's, Front Desk  Concierge service was very efficient at getting taxi's etc. The hotel Bar was very expensive for drinks.Location was great for North Beach and China Town, lots of great restaurants, try Momma's on Washington Square for breakfast - amazing! its a short walk but well worth it. Try the Stinking Rose for Dinner on Columbus Ave, closest to hotel was Francis Ford Coppola's Restaurant Zoetroupe one block up from the hotel - amazing food and wine, and reasonably priced.Short walk 20 mins to Union Square and all the big stores, on the bus route to the Marina district and easy reach walking to Pier 39, Fishermans Wharf etc. I'd recommend it to anyone. We loved it, and would recommend to anyone travelling business or leisure.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aptbroker1
<Content>Great hotel next to Chinatown! This is the 4th time I have stayed at this hotel, Sept 14-19, and I am always impressed by the view (Coit tower and SF Bay  Sausalito), the size of the rooms, and the friendliness of the staff. Plus free WiFi! The only drawback is the expense of valet parking, which you can solve by parking in the lot across the street. I brought my bike and kept it in the room with no hassle. You can bike all over town via the Embacadero a few blocks to the east. Highly recommend!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>y2000k
<Content>Nice hotel but poor sound insulation       View from our room at sunrise  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	2	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>lorriemarchington
<Content>Great rooms, the concierge service was the best ever We stayed two nights in the Hilton and two in the Chancellor, we preferred the Hilton. The rooms were large and comfortable with coffee maker in the room. The concierge service was the best we have experienced anywhere (esp Patti) and they made such a difference to our stay advising on best restaurants etc.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>tagretchen
<Content>Small beds My husband and I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights. The hotel is newly renovated. Our only real issue is that they gave us a full sized bed for double occupancy. It was a bit too small for us. Additionally the shower head was way to low, probably better suited for someone 5'4 or under.Although the hotel name reads the financial district, it is located in the heart of China Town.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>Raoulsch
<Content>Convenient location, nice rooms and service The hotel is located at the intersection of the Financial District, Chinatown and North Beach, and pretty close to Union Square shopping area as well. I think the location is pretty convenient for easy walking access to those areas although it's a bit far from the theater district.Thanks to my Gold VIP status we were upgraded to the 26th floor with lounge access during our recent weekend stay (Thank you, Hilton!). The room was smallish, but pretty nicely upgraded, with flat screen TV, etc. As a previous reviewer already mentioned, the windows are still single pane, so there is definitely traffic and city noise especially during weekend nights. The lounge was nice but small as well, so it got crowded on a Sunday morning.Parking at the hotel is pretty expensive; the Portsmouth parking garage across the street offers overnight parking for a lot less.Hotel staff was overall very friendly and helpful. We did not try the restaurant but the bar area was nice for a late evening drink and snack.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>laurendavis
<Content>Wonderful stay! We booked this hotel thru priceline for a great deal. When we arrived, we needed to drop our stuff off and then return our rental car. They wouldn't let us leave the rental car outside for 10 minutes which created some problems. After the car debacle, it was all smooth sailing. The lobby is modern and clean. The check in was friendly and quick. We loved our room, very comfortable beds. The location was pretty good, right on the outskirt of Chinatown a pretty easy walk to the wharf. We walked to everything. On our last night we were too exhausted to go out and had drinks at the hotel bar. It is a very chic bar.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>dlbintheoc
<Content>Not 4 A Star Hotel I just stayed at the Hilton. The room was very small, dirty and noisy. The room was supposed to be non-smoking. However, the pillows smelled like cigarette smoke. The sheets and bed spread were white. They looked clean. However, on closer inspection I saw black streaks on them as if someone used the sheets for a shoe shine rag. There is a $15 fee to use the gym. The hotel waived the fee for me after I complained about it. I would not give this hotel 4 stars.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	1	3	4	-1	

<Author>Greve06
<Content>Amazing Staff, Great Room I like both an overall review and details when I use this site, so I'll do both here.HILTON STAFF WERE AMAZINGThe staff at this hotel were wonderful. Scott in reservations was incredibly gracious to us when we were in a bind and made magic happen before we even arrived. He saved our trip.The rest of the staff had the same can do attitude, from checking in to constantly being greeting in the elevators and hallways, all the way to the end when we retrieved our bags.ROOMS WERE GREATThe rooms were also nice, well appointed. The bathroom and closet area is a little tight but a small thing considering all the views. Our friends had an AMAZING view of the bay and downtown. We also had so much fun with the views. I love to people watch down on the street; this view afforded that opportunity. The bed was medium in terms of firmness and the pillows a mix of feather and non. All very nice.There was a long desk area by the window and a chair with ottoman by the bathroom wall so, plenty of places to lounge and store things.We are light sleepers but were a little surprised by the road noise, especially bc we were on one of the highest floors. However, turning the AC unit to on, playing music and/or using ear plugs solved the problem.FITNESS = FUNThe amenities were great as well. Being into hotel fitness centers, I was elated at how nice this one was! Treadmills, stationary bikes, weight machines, etc. Even apples and water in the room, all with a great view in front of you.LOCATION WAS IDEALThe location was perfect for us. Chinatown is right there with plenty of restaurants. We ate at E Tutto Qua which is .2 miles from the hotel and it was lovely. Not a bad walk to Union Square, the BART, etc. Just enough away from all the big touristy areas. We walked the whole time from the hotel, only taking a cab once and the BART to and from SFO. It's a great location.OVERALL - THANK YOU, HILTON!This was a great stay. All six of us in our group had a wonderful time. It was always nice to go back to our rooms each day after playing hard. The Hilton did it right and we tremendously enjoyed it!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>MR_PHL
<Content>Good hotel, location is a bit inaccurate I had a one night stay here before having to transfer to a hotel in San Jose for logistical reasons. My company travel agent booked it for $209. You can't miss the building. Its a large garish brutalist style tower in Chinatown.Location: The travel agent booked it for me based on the price and the 'financial district' location. The hotel is really in the heart of Chinatown. For that reason, if you aren't terribly cost conscious, I recommend the airport shuttles to get to the hotel. They are about $17. BART is less and will get you to Montgomery Street Station, but its a bit of a hike to the hotel especially if you have luggage. Other than that, its well placed for a visit to the city, tourism or business.Check in: Quick and efficient. I arrived early and the hotel was able to accomodate me. I was able to get the room type requested without any fuss.The room: Good. Large work desk area and...free wireless internet! Nice to see there is one hotel that doesn't nickel and dime you for internet service. Bed was very comfortable. TV is a bit dated. Another note is that if you are taller than six feet, you may find the shower a bit of a problem. I am 5'6'' and its a low shower. Overall though, the room was quite nice and relatively comfortable.Amenities: Since it was only one night, I didn't have a chance to try everything out. I asked the staff if there was a place to get a breakfast sandwich in the AM. Nothing in the hotel. There is a sit down restaurant, but that's it. I had to walk down to Specialty Bakery about two blocks away to grab a quick bite before work.Overall, I liked the hotel, except for the location. If I was planning to be in SF for more than a couple of days, I would definitely want easier access to BART and Muni to get around.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>MikeyFranks
<Content>Noisy on Weekend Just spent 5 days at Hilton with wife and two teenagers. Had a room on 9th floor overlooking Coit Tower and the Bay. Good location close to Chinatown and Little Italy. Nice room although small. Staff was friendly although I often had trouble finding someone at the Concierge desk. Biggest complaint was the street noise especially Friday and Saturday nights. If you do stay there and even if you don't, make sure you have dinner at House of Nanking on Kearny - excellent!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>sayuna
<Content>Nice stay We moved to Hilton Financial District after a couple of nights stay at Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf. It was a good decision to move to downtown hotel, it felt like visiting a completely new city! There are two Hiltons in SF downtown, and I chose this one based on the financial district addition to its name which is a bit cheeky since it is in fact in chinatown. the hotel is a few blocks away from Union square shopping central, we did not mind the nice walk to and from the hotel. We got a corner room with lovely Coit tower view, but the room was small and we felt a bit cramped due to a very narrow window which makes the room dark and gloomy. seems the hotel was recently renovated, interiors are nice and the bed is very comfortable. Overall our stay was nice but it didn't make a special impression, it's a good hotel of Hilton standard. just adequate for comfortable stay and we'll still recommend it. although we don't mind returning, we'll probably try another hotel for our next visit.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>PhoenixAZ
<Content>Great view, great price We booked on the Hilton website for $169/night over the 4th of July holiday, an excellent price for staying walking distance from financial district, Coit Tower, Pier 39 and Chinatown. As Honors Gold members we were upgraded to a 25th floor room with a bay view. This view is positively unbeatable: Telegraph Hill, Coit Tower, Alcatraz and the Bay Bridge make for spectacular photographs. Staff was friendly and attentive. Rooms were recently renovated and very nicely appointed. Only downsides are the windows are not sealed well, so street noise is an issue; hotel restaurant is lack luster, and room service way overpriced. Check out House of Nanking right down the street for excellent Chinese food (Zagat rated), be prepared for a line and poor service, but food makes up for it.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>testla
<Content>Great location in San Francisco Arrived at the Hilton mid-afternoon after a tiring flight from Heathrow. As soon as we arrived we knew instinctively that we had made a good choice.Room was large with a huge bed and luxurious bathroom.As soon as we arrived and were happy with the accommodation we walked down to Fisherman's Wharf (a good 30 minute walk) and spent the rest of the afternoon in the glorious sunshine soaking up the atmosphere. The sea lions were adorable but the smell was pretty unique to say the least!The situation of the hotel right on the edge of Chinatown was superb. Most evenings we walked down into North Beach to Vesuvio's, where on our first evening we had a minor earthquake! We ate at tiny cafe's/restaurants in Chinatown for a few pounds.We walked, and walked and walked. Care should be taken not to stray into unsafe areas as this is pretty easy to do. A good map is a must, and it is advisable to know beforehand where you should go and where you should avoid. Try to avoid the Tenderloin and parts of Market Street, but even with our prior knowledge we still managed to find ourselves surrounded by pretty scary individuals in Market Street.We also booked a day trip that took us around the city, over the Golden Gate Bridge and included a trip to Alcatraz. We also wandered up to Coit Tower and Lombard Street, and spent the best part of a day in Golden Gate Park.I wouldn't hesitate to stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>caneshockey31
<Content>Good Stay and Great Views This hotel was highly anticipated since we were booked in a King Size Balcony Room on the Top Floor (27th floor)The views can't be beat, very nice to be able to see the Golden Gate all they way around to the Bay Bridge.Hotel is located about 6 blocks from Embracadero and about 1.25 miles to Fisherman's Wharf.Located one block from Pure Chinatown Experience.Room was nicely appointed in Room 2701 and the Concierge Lounge access is on the 26th floor.Bathroom is a little small but the bed was very comfortable and the balcony with 2 chairs and a table were nice.Only one minor hiccup but it was rectified very quickly and without mentioning.Concierge and Front Desk and Bellman were very friendly and outgoing.Sedan and Limo Service is available from hotel from which we took a day trip to Monterrey (2 hours away) for a day visit.Never used restaurant, since we ate out each time to experience the real food of the West and Chinatown.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dgartner
<Content>Decent hotel - great location, but there are better hotels... We booked at the Hilton based on a bargain rate found on Orbitz. While the name notes that the hotel is in the Financial District, it is better to situate this hotel in Chinatown.It's a short walk to North Beach and Market Street, which makes the location hard to beat.The lobby is gorgeous: very modern, Japanese-influenced style. We stayed in a standard king room with a city view. The room was very small, but modern. We spent little time in the hotel, so we did not mind the cramped space. I would not pay the full rate suggested for this hotel, as there are so many options around San Francisco.Bathrooms have no fan, so beware of your showers setting off smoke alarms from the steam! Avoid room service if possible: we paid $23 for an individual pizza that arrived with a hair on it! We would probably not stay here again, unless we got another amazing rate.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Eng_Pepi
<Content>Very nice hotel, in a good location The hotel is a Hilton - Hilton quality, Hilton service. Very nice, with an excellent room, excellent internet connection, excellent breakfast, excellent service, and very good location (not exactly in SF centre, but in a very nice walking distance). I recommend. Specially because the relation price/quality is very very good.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>drcomposting
<Content>Great Value! Remember to use your Hilton Honor. I stayed there for two nights. I booked through priceline (less than $190 for two nights, including tax and fees). The hotel was at a great location. I parked in a garage right across the street ($26/day). They didn't mention priceline but I did show them my Hilton Honor number. I was given a room at 15th floor with a beautiful half-bay and half-city view. The wall is thin and you could hear the street noise. However, I am very satisfied with the price I paid.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LouFredericton_NB
<Content>Loved location and views I found the location very convenient. As I was in SF for the first time, it was great to be able to just walk around Chinatown etc.....my room had the best view imaginable, looking over the Bay. Room was very clean and conveniently arranged. My only complaint was the service at breakfast.....not good.I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting SF on vacation or business.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Likeness
<Content>The view cannot be beat! My husband and I stayed here for one night and I wish it could have been longer. Hilton's are our hotel of choice and this is now my favorite. The hotel is right next to Chinatown. You can walk to just about any place. Checkin was so nice! They gave us a room on the 19th floor facing the bay. Words cannot describe how magnificent the view is. The rooms have been redone and are very clean and have those heavenly beds.The only thing I disliked was that you have to pay $47 a night for parking plus tax! You can park across the street for about $26 for 24 hours.Also, the food in the hotel is very expensive. For breakfast, go next door to the Garden Restaurant. Perfect breakfast and reasonable price. Cash only. For lunch or dinner go down the street to R  G Lounge. Fab chinese food. Great place! Very reasonable for lunch.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Midlandbeau
<Content>surly staff Stayed in the hilton for 3 days rooms were very nice and clean staff at the front desk were very helpful and courteous.It was a different matter for the bar waitress's who delivered our food cold and also missed some of our order off .Deciding not to get in to confrontation and to spoil our holiday we decided not to leave a tip ,big mistake .The waitress returned to our table and asked for the tip ,when we told her we would not tip for the service she became very surly and agitated so we said we would call the manager only then did she leave .After that incident we decided not eat or drink in the hotel so it did have an effect on our holiday.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travelling_Wiz
<Content>Another wonderful time at the Hilton       Nice room with every amenity  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>saskatoonguy
<Content>The perfect location I stayed here many times in the old days when it was a Holiday Inn, and after a thorough renovation by Hilton, I鈥檓 pleased to report that it鈥檚 as delightful as ever. The rooms 鈥?all newly remodeled -- have superb views and windows that open (a feature I enjoy in this mild climate). Unfortunately, most of the rooms have connecting doors, which can lead to noise, although I asked for and received a room that had no connecting door. What I particularly like about this hotel is its perfect location, where the neighborhoods of Chinatown, North Beach, and the Financial District all come together. There are parts of San Francisco where I would walk at night and parts where I wouldn鈥檛, and this hotel is in the area that is relatively safe at all hours.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>jcolem2000
<Content>This used to be that nasty Holiday Inn! I visit San Francisco from time to time, and my company has recently relocated our office in the city to a location near this hotel - and I just completed my first stay there.When I got to the hotel I was very pleased with the visual experience - the hotel is lovely, and the bell staff through the entire stay was a pleasure.It was a strange visit though. As I unpacked in my room I looked out the window and saw a view I know I had seen before. I figured it was just deja-vu, because the only time I had ever been in this area before it was ten years ago, and I had stayed at the Holiday Inn - and that place was SO bad that I checked out the second night. It was bad on a grand scale - like huge hotel awful bad. It wasn't until the next night when I was talking to the bell desk guys that it hit me - I was looking at the same view because I was in the same physical building! If you ever stayed at the awful old Holiday Inn, I highly recommend stopping by the Hilton - the renovation is nothing short of miraculous. I chatted at length with the hotel staff during my stay about it - many of them had worked at the hotel when it was a Holiday Inn, and they all found it amusing that I hadn't realized for a full day that I was in the same place.My only ding against the hotel was that the service was a bit off. When I checked in, the front-desk manager asked me why I had requested foam pillows (I do so because I'm allergic to feathers). She then let me know that I should add that to my profile, because they normally don't honor the request unless it is clearly called out that the person has allergies. She promptly called the room staff to rotate my pillows and make my room feather free - but this was never done. Also, the last evening I was there the staff failed to pick up my breakfast card from the door, and I didn't realize this until I had expected my breakfast. To their credit, they had me breakfast in the room within 6 minutes from me calling down - sans toast - but it was a good effort nonetheless.While the service was a bit uneven, it was a very pleasant stay, and I will definitely be back. The staff was very friendly across the board - among the friendliest I've seen in a Hilton this large. The views are still great, and the rooms are fresh, clean, and comfortable.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>n6877
<Content>Great location good location for people working in the financial district or even tourist. hotel is in china town. below the average hilton in service.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>Mickey-lovingKiwi
<Content>A nice place to stay in San Fran. On my short trip (three nights) to San Francisco, my husband took me to the hotel that he has stayed in often while on business there. I can see why he likes the place. The Hilton, Financial District is in a convenient part of the city right next to China Town, and a pleasant 20 minute walk down to Fisherman's Wharf. We had a very comfortable room, with normal Hilton amenities and a nice view over to the harbour. Parking was quite expensive, so we used the underground parking building right accross the road, which was about half the price of the Hiltons. I am quite happy to stay there again, and stayed at two more Hiltons during this trip, knowing the standard of accommodation would be good.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>so_traveller
<Content>Nice View From Room We stayed 2 nights over the weekend, $99/night at the hotel website. The hotel is in a good location - across from Chinatown and walking distant to Union Square and Financial District. If you're able to get the Bay View rooms, it's quite beautiful. The rooms are good if on the smaller side - not bad, not spectacular.Unless you have free breakfast, it really doesn't make sense to eat there for $20. The Executive Lounge is closed for the weekend but you get the free breakfast at their restaurant if you're with Hilton Honors. Parking is definitely ridiculous, but if you're there during the weekend, you can get street parking. Just be careful and read all the signs to avoid tickets.Overall, good overall and very good for the value.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>mokelley
<Content>Loved every minute of our stay I'm late writing this review since we stayed at this hotel the first week in April. I did call a few days ahead and mentioned we'd be celebrating our wedding anniversary in SF and requested a bay view room possibly on a top floor--- with 2 beds. Since we book the room via Priceline--- my request was noted, but was informed it may not a sure thing at check-in. When we arrived at the hotel after a very long flight from Massachusetts--- we were greeted warmly by Gemma who quickly checked us in, wished us a happy anniversary, and gave us a beautiful room on the 21st floor with a breath taking view of the SF Bay, Coit Tower, and North Beach. The room was small but modern and compact and comfortable. We had breakfast every morning at the Garden Restaurant next store to the HIlton. It's a Chinese Restaurant that serves a very hearty ( omelet, hash browns, toast, coffee) and inexpensive breakfast option---either Chinese or American breakfast choices. The location of this Hilton made it the perfect location to walk everywhere: North Beach, Embacadero/Ferry Building, or Union Square. We also bought a 3 day MUNI pass that allowed us to take busses or cable cars to explore Golden Gate Park ,the Presidio and Crissy Fields. It was a perfect vacation made even more memorable by our stay at the Hilton.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sqian
<Content>One of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in From the start this hotel was terrible. Check-in was overly protracted and carried out by a man with an attitude who didn't like the fact that I had made multiple bookings over my stay. I was told that I would have to check out and back in again at the end of each booking (service hey!). This guy who has no understanding of customer service ignored my questions and proceeded to answer the 'phone when dealing with me (sure, I don't mind waiting after my 13 hour flight). It got worse when he told me the room was not ready - it was 9.30pm (not am!)! The room was more representative of a 1 star hotel...it was inconceivable that the windows were not double glazed and it was possible to hear all sorts of noises outside from traffic, to screaming children, bottles being emptied from the bar and trash vehicles loading up (all night). Desk staff told me there was no chance of a room change. However, when I spoke to the only human being at the hotel - Kristina from Norway, she said I could change room the next day. I didn't sleep that first night but of course, they don't offer a refund. The second room was better, but still had some issues. There was a beautiful view of the San Francisco bay, but still no double glazing of course, so noise was still quite loud...no as bad as the previous room though and with earplugs (which were trashed by the housekeeping staff the next day!) I managed to get some sleep. I had paid for a room on the club floor. Don't bother! The only material difference is a flat screen TV. Inclusive access to the conceirge lounge means nothing. The lounge is simply a single guest room transformed into something worse than the cheapest Best Western, it was crammed and full of children. As a business traveller I expected better, but ended up eating the horrid breakfast (no choice - just a few croissants) on my lap. I asked the next day if I could have breakfast elsewhere and was given vouchers to do so in the main restaurant. The service was the same as in the remainder of the hotel...took 12 minutes to get a coffee and you must flag staff down to get it...they are so engrossed in their gossip chats that they obviously forget the customer. Many guests noticed this and although it did not take 12 minutes to flag down the staff for coffee everyday, they did require flagging every day!On the weekend, the club floor lounge does not open at all. It seems that the club floor rooms go to just anybody too. I wanted the club room as I have to work. Impossible, it was so noisy with group meetings/music next door and kids running around all afternoon upstairs. Despite 2 calls to the front desk nothing happened and I barely got my work done...A couple of other points to note: no minibar; very very limited room service both in terms of choice and hours of operation; they will not allow you to borrow electricity convertors...you have to purchase for $25 - I have never ever experienced this in any hotel I have stayed in during my years of worldwide travel.My advice is do not stay in this hotel under any circumstance you will only be disappointed....if you do, don't bother to pay the extra for a club room...it's just a label that means very little....chances are if you book a regular room you'll get upgraded to club anyhow, especially at the weekend!I leave tomorrow and can't wait to get out of here. For Hilton I would say it's the worst hotel I have ever stayed in...it offers nothing and gives poor service and memories.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	1	1	1	

<Author>zoecatCA
<Content>View Fit for a President First, I have to say that up until last year, I lived in San Francisco for five years so I do know the city.We arrived at 10 AM and wanted a king no smoking. Since we were so early, we said we would just wander through Chinatown which is just blocks away and come back after lunch. The concierge is fantastic and friendly. He was helping people check out, giving families with kids great ideas of things to do, and recommending places for lunch. He was right there by the registration desk. No problem with him being unapproachable. I even asked him for a lunch idea. (It was great and had been a Rachael Ray recommended restaurant)After lunch, we returned to the hotel to see if a room was ready. They still didn't and when I mentioned that we had been there since 10, the front desk person said that she would upgrade us since we had been waiting a few hours. Upgrade she did, to the 27th floor. I opened the door and my jaw dropped. Straight in front of us was an unobstructed view of Coit Tower, Alcatraz, Angel Island, North Beach, etc. In all my years in SF, this was one of the best views I have ever seen. You do not have to be that high to get this view either, but if you can afford the upgrade, it is worth it. This hotel is completely remodeled and it is very well done.On the following day, while waiting for a car to take us back to the airport, security tightened, and we were not sure what was going on. Just then, an entourage of people in dark suits started to pass by us. Senator McCann was checking in. He walked by me and we shook hands and I wished him luck in his campaign. I bet he liked his view from his room.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>DJH-in-Austin
<Content>Good Restaurants Next Door Very pleasant, spectacular view (from North side rooms) and very pleasant service at front. Breakfast was good, but not the very best that Hilton has to offer. However, if your are adventuresome, the family run Cantonese Garden Restaurant next door offers great, cheap, cooked-to-order breakfast (American or Chinese). Also, next door in the alley is Alfred's, a wonderful, traditional (expensive) San Fransisco steak house. I have posted pictures of both establishments.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>robtk
<Content>Nice hotel, good locatoin Next to Chinatown, the hotel is in a good location. Hotel rates are also pretty good, compared to similar hotels in other SF areas.The hotel itself is good. It is a 'normal' business hotel, but still a nice place to stay. The rooms must have been recently refurbished: they looked very good and seemed newer then what you would exepect from the outside of the hotel :-)The room was nicely decorated and was very comfortable. Bathroom was clean, although not too big. Which was ok for me since I stayed alone (business trip).Bar is a great area, lobby is almost non-existing. Breakfast is average, restaurant as well.The location is excellent: just walk outside and you're in Chinatown. DId I mention I really like chinese food... :-)All in all a good place to stay for a few days.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	3	5	

<Author>Adventx2
<Content>Good location and service! After initially booking with another hotel that seemed shady we went the safe route. The hotel and its service is great, you can get a taxi anytime outside so travel within the city is so easy. Good location from all main tourist areas, we even walked to union square and north beach! The room and bathroom was large enough for two people and the views were amazing from the 26th floor! The only thing I wish were different was the price, it was a bit high for what the room was, but you're paying for the name and in San Francisco, everything is expensive, so we soon got used to that!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lovednblessed
<Content>Terrible Service We were there for three nights. The rooms were over priced for the service we were receiving. We paid about an average of USD350 per night. I was there with a family of 7 and we booked three rooms. One room had no safe at all. When we requested for a change, the receptionist asked us to change within ourselves - as if the rest of us do not require a safe in the room. One room did not even have a chair and when ordered room service, we had to eat on the bed. Another room's amenities were not equipped fully. The customer hotline was not working, and nobody answered the phone when we called the reception. When we told the receptionist that there was no one answering the customer hotline button, they did not even know the button exists! On our last day checking out, we called for the bell service to get out luggages down. We waited 15 minutes and decided to go down to the reception only to find out that the concierge was not informed that we needed out luggages brought down. We booked a cab from the hotel to get to the airport. When we waited and there was no cab in sight, we checked with the receptionist and they answered, Just pass them the voucher. It's not our problem. To which we replied, You didn't even tell us what the cab would look like or the number plate. How should we know which one is it? Generally, the employees there were very rude and unhelpful. I did not enjoy my stay at the hotel at all.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>BenoitChartier
<Content>Classic Hilton service, nice location You'll find everything you should expect from a Hilton. Great service, perfectly clean, and the location is excellent, a block from Chinatown and great restaurants, 4 blocks from a cable car stop. The only bad point is for parking. Valet parking is $47 a day, which is bordering on absurd. I parked the car myself in the same lot the second day for $25. They did charge me for 2 days of valet parking, but corrected the bill without any question. I didn't fond the rooms to be so small. Every room seems to have a great view. I had a great deal of $79 with Priceline, and that's unbeatable for SF.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>theinsane
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location I was very pleased with my stay, we booked two nights on december for the holidays, the hotel is very nice, the room is clean and beatiful, you have Chinatown in front, the Financial District on the side and two blocks fom the Italian District. The only thing I didn't like was that I didn't get the non smoking room requested. Try the fruit on the restaurant, the best and more delocious fruit I've ever tasted!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Ozzie799
<Content>Clean, comfortable, great view We stayed in a deluxe king bay view on the 22nd floor. The room was on the smallish side, but was very cozy, comfortable and clean. The bed was crisp and inviting. Our view was spectacular: coit tower in front with the bay on either side. The bathroom was small and uninspiring, but adequate for a short stay. The shower had good water pressure and was a welcomed respite after a day or evening out in the city. Other posters had mentioned an issue with noise, even on the higher floors. We did hear a quiet hum of city noise in our room, although it was not bothersome in the least. The only annoyances were the occasional sirens and horns blaring in the streets below. For some reason, that type of sound traveled up very clearly and at times, like during the middle of the night, sounded as if they were right outside of our room. The lobby, except for the immediate entrance which had a couple of bright and airy seating areas, was modern but cold and uninviting. The front desk staff were fine, but not overly friendly. The concierge desk was friendly and well meaning but not highly knowledgable. Our most positive encounter with staff, however, was with a housekeeper that we passed in the hall next to our room as we were getting ready to check out. She greeted us so warmly that it left us with a very positive feeling. Overall we would certainly consider staying here again.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>lajayson
<Content>Great Hotel  Got a good deal on priceline and really enjoyed my stay. The room was clean and furnishings seemed new and clean. Great location too...within walking distance of Union Sq. and the Embarcadero/Ferry Bldg. The hotel is practically in Chinatown, so you're near that and pretty close to North Beach (Little Italy) too. Only negative point might be the expensive parking. I ended up using a different lot that was cheaper and literally only a block away from the hotel. If you're feeling adventurous, you can also try and find overnight street parking, which is what I also did since I was only there for the weekend. Just be warned...read the signs CAREFULLY!!!!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kaldal
<Content>Great if you get a good deal Paid 100 usd a night for a double through a hotwire deal, and were very happy with that. Great location, very nice lobby bar, and beautiful rooms with the best beds we've had away from home. Handy for parking. We didnt use many of the facilities.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>dublinyogi
<Content>Nice but.... Nice lobby, full of business execs day and night though. Good, central location for shopping etc. Our room was about 10 minutes walk away from the lobby, which seemed a bit excessive, and very small. The bathroom was so small a toothbrush would barely sit on the tiny shelf! Small bed too (4 ft). I wouldn't recommend this for a couple at all, find somewhere with a bigger room and a less businessy vibe.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>NVRam123
<Content>Small room, big fun I felt like this hotel was inexpensive for a purportedly 4 * hotel in SF. We had a rate of $149 on a weekend. The room was totally adequate and I requested a view of Coit Tower and got it free of charge, even though they said they usually charge extra for that view. The room was small, very small compared to other hotels I've stayed at in SF, but the view was amazing. The Tv was old and outdated and not in any sort of armoire. It was sitting on a stand in the corner. The bathroom door was a slider that was on the outside of the room (not a pocket door) with a big gap, allowing virtually NO privacy. Something to be noted depending on who you're traveling with. Despite all that we had a great time. Chinatown and North Beach are within walking distance as is the Embarcadero. The lobby is nice with a great lounge and a decent restaurant. Across the street is a great park for kids with replica Chinatown buildings. It was a fine stay, but NOT fancy at all. Also, $50 parking!! Figure this in when deciding on a hotel. And I really don't think it merits 4*'s: inadequate bathroom door, no robes, no turn down, very small rooms, etc.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>inenbasket
<Content>Better, and $30 cheaper than the union square hilton As title .. was exactly $30 cheaper than the hilton on union sq but arguably better, and its not long ago had a full refit (or so I was told)Bay view room on the 19th floor with a good view of alcatraz- room was immaculate as you would expect. Nice furnishings, quiet, and comfortable. Free Wi-Fi throughout the hotel which was fast enough.The beds are amazingly comfortable!Location is fine- ignore the financial district tag as its really not a big issue. If you want to go to union sq sort of area its a couple of bucks ride away- no more than a few minutes cab or a few mins drive.Its nice and central for most things in SF, but quiet enough at nite that you will get a decent nites sleep.Staff great, doorman helpful, and the hotel is as you would expect from a hilton.Dont park in the hotel lot (its $45!)- use the one across the st, or go 1 block up onto jackson st (turn right) and there is a good underground secured lot there which won't break the bank.Great irish bar (kels- see my seattle review for mention of their sister bar!) a block away on jackson, as well as a great burger place (whose name annoyingly escapes me..). Plenty of nightlife and restaurants not far away just a few blocks north of the hotel.Myself being a Hilton Hhonors gold card holder has its advantages... access to the exec lounge with complimentary continental breakfast saves a fair amount of cash over a stay- especially if you have more than one guest. Dont count on this unless you pay for an exec level room or have Hhonors status though!Will stay again without hesitation.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Craigy
<Content>Fantastic Choice       Beautiful by night  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sky_Blue_Sea
<Content>Expectations Met for SFO Spent weekend at hotel in very comfortable room - although hotel face-lift did not include replacing drafty windows which means the street noise can be heard. Downtown San Francisco is noisy at the best of times so the hotel really needs to invest in improving this feature to really shine. Room service was good and fast, although like everything else in the City, somewhat overpriced. The most disappointing aspect is the dingy room used as a Business Lounge - this is typical of many Hilton's in the US where this feature is not really taken seriously as compared to overseas Hilton properties. The hotel service was quite good though with front desk and concierge most pleasant. Overall good experience, but hotel is 7 dressed up as a 9.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>YVRSweetheart
<Content>Very Nice Hotel I stayed at this hotel in the spring of 2007 for nine nights while on business. The pictures and description from Trip Advisor were very accurate and the rooms were very nice. Overall the rooms were clean and the bed was very comfortable. I was given a bayview room which was great except for the fact that it was the room farthest from the elevators which meant that my window wasn't as large as the window in most of the other rooms - the view was a little obscured. I didn't eat in the hotel restaurant or patronize the bar, but both looked very stylish. The parking charges were expensive, but from what I gather that is the way things go in downtown SFO. The hotel staff members were very helpful and the valets always had a smile. The hotel was a short walk to Union Square with all the shopping a person could ever need. With this hotel you are also very close to the BART system, on the edge of Chinatown, and a quick cable car ride to Fisherman's Wharf. I would definitely recommend this hotel for business travellers and tourists who want good value for their hotel dollars. This was my first trip to San Francisco and I really enjoyed it.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>ZorroAca
<Content>Great Location - Great Hotel       Very close to Pyramid  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sfphotocraft
<Content>Cleaned Up it's Act! We had to spend one night in San Francisco before heading north and I wasn't going to spend an arm and a leg on a pricey hotel room. I found a good rate at the Hilton in Chinatown and booked it. I knew this hotel, it was the former Holiday Inn Chinatown. This hotel had a lot of wear and tear when it was the Holiday Inn and I wasn't expecting anything. We just needed a room at a good price. My expectations were low.I was surprised at every step of the way. Hilton has spent a ton of money to upgrade this hotel and it showed. The hotel's architecture is 60's concrete and little can be done with the bland exterior. However the lobby has been redone and is urban chic. The front desk staff was friendly and helpful. It was late when we checked in and they gave us a tip of calling a great pizza place in North Beach and ordering a killer pizza, the pizza place delivers to the hotel. It was a tip that we took and did not regret - it was great!Our room was comfortable. We had a wonderful city view. The decor was modern and updated. The room was average sized, but had big comfortable beds and nice new furniture.I was only sad that we had to leave so early in the morning. I wasn't expecting much, but was nicely surprised at how nicely Hilton has redone this dump of a hotel. The staff also gets kudos here!  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MrsM-7
<Content>Average The welcoming was friendly, but after that the service was bad. Avoid the bar, the bartender is the rudest man I麓ve ever met.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	4	1	4	

<Author>jimdar1104
<Content>Great Destination I put a bid on Priceline for a 3 star hotel for 90.00 per nite. I didn't know where we were going to stay, but was happy to find our bid accepted by the Hilton Financial District. After reading many reviews, I wasn't sure of what to expect, but I am usually a little skeptical of really negative reviews.We were NOT disappointed! This hotel is a GREAT deal for that price! Was it perfect? No. But it IS a VERY nice place to stay! I would LOVE to stay there again for that price! The downside: The room is comfortable, but not overly roomy. It is however, well appointed with nice furniture, and a very nice bathroom, even if it isn't overly roomy. The bed was VERY comfortable, and we had NO problem getting a good nite's sleep. We were on the 6th floor, and there was no noise to speak of, and we were there on a Friday and Saturday nite. There is not a lot of room to store luggage. Parking is expensive. 50.00 a night for valet parking. You can park right across the street for 37.00 a nite, or you can go up Kearny one short block to Jackson, turn right, and and there is a nice parking garage there for only 24.00 per nite. You can drop your luggage off at the hotel entrance and then take your car to the garage on Jackson. Don't let the valet take it, or you may be charged!Other than that, we had no problems staying at this nice hotel. It is right across the street from Chinatown. 2 of the highest rated Chinese restaurants in San Francisco are barely a block away. The R  G Lounge on Kearny, and the Hunan Home's Restaurant on Jackson. We ate at the Hunan Home's, and it was some of the BEST Chinese food we have ever had! The Honey Walnut Prawns are delicious!Another Highly rated Steakhouse is literally 50 feet from the entrance to the hotel. It's located on the side street (alley) to the right of the hotel entrance as you face it. It is called Alfred's Steakhouse, and has been in San Franciso since 1928. It is a classy place with mouthwatering steaks. The Porterhouse is 32 ounces! My wife and I split that with a couple side dishes, salad, and ended up each taking some steak home with us. This is NOT sizzler. But it IS worth the money! Reservations recommended. All in all, we were VERY happy to have stayed at the Hilton Financial District San Francisco, and would LOVE to stay there again!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>NeverTooLate54
<Content>A Good Choice       View towards North Beach from room  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>JandJ67
<Content>Great Location, Great View My wife and I had an enjoyable 3 nights between Christmas and New Years. Our 14th floor view of Telegraph Hill and the Bay was wonderful. There were times we couldn't see the Coit Tower for the fog, but it was allways magical. We had a meal and a breakfast in the restaurant and both were excellent. We had the same waiter both times, and he was very friendly but didnt intrude. I think some of the negative reviews that have been posted have been from priceline-type guests who may not get rooms very high up or bayside. The single-pane windows do let in a bit of street noise, but complete silence wouldn't be right either. SF is a city!Another nice feature is a pedestrian bridge directly from the hotel to a major park in Chinatown. The hotel is at the very western edge of the financial district and is the nearest big hotel to Chinatown, with its narrow, crowded sidewalks and perhaps the best people-watching in the city.One other thing, we have Hiltion Honors membership, and that may account for our good room location.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Poster2boy
<Content>Very Average Parking is offensively expensive! $48.00 per night vs. $26.00 across the street. The location was bellow average. It is in the heart of Chinatown, a car ride to everything a vacationing family would like to see (Fisherman's Wharf, Union Square, Shopping, non Chinese food etc....) No cotts or roll away beds available in the double room. Room itself was nice, clean and comfortable.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	1	4	3	2	4	

<Author>thame_hoops
<Content>4 night Stay I stayed here on a 4 nights break from england and chose the hotel because i got a great deal through orbitz and wanted to stay central with a hotel brand. Union sq shopping wasnt my thing but it took 10-15 mins walk. The hotel is next to friscos landmark building the Transamerica pyramid which you cant appreciate until you view it from a distance. Chinatown in next door up a hill, broadway and the many adult clubs are like 2 minutes walk away ;)The hotel itself was clean as hilton standards expect, staff were always helpful giving directions etc. I got a 'bay view' room which was awesome, if i hadnt then i would have been faicing a building and oit would have been bland so request bay view. Room was spacious, had the usual amenities, bathroom was very nice and modern, shower great.Ididnt eat in the hotel but had a few late beers and the bar staff were nice and liked to flirt, expecially the women! Its a bit of a trek to fishermans wharf but an enjoyable walk. took 20 minutes to walk to pier 33 for the alcatraz ferry. use taxis if you must but you wont get the frisco experiance. I would stay here again definately as its far away from the castro area if you get my drift!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sleepingguy
<Content>Terrible Hotel hotel service is terrible. no housekeeping provide and we have to use old bed sheet that we used the day before. Try not to stay in this hotel. only 2 star or less terrible terrible teriible.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>tjs4569
<Content>Perfect central location-better than avg hotel I stayed at this hotel at the end of October and would suggest it to others because of its location and value. We walked everywhere from this hotel and thought it was perfect for its central location. We did not eat at the restaurant but stopped in the bar a few nights which was quite nice with very good bartenders. On the downside, and its been mentioned in other reviews, the elevators are very slow during peak times and the walls are paper thin. The shower in the room next door sounds like its in your room. The room size is very good and the amenities are average. The bay view rooms are beautiful.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>CSquaredC2
<Content>Great hotel and value! I recently stayed at this hotel in the financial district. Usually, when I go to San Francisco, I stay in Union Square, but I was looking for some last minute weekend deals and decided to try out this area. This is the second time I stayed in this area of the city.The hotel is very nice - the rooms are nice and modern, and a bit cozy. But this is San Francisco - which, much like Chicago and New York, the rooms can be small. But the amenities were top notch, and the free internet access was a bonus. The only things I noticed were that the elevators are slow on the way down - especially during the core check out hours. And the bar staff couldn't be bothered with a few questions. Other than that, it was a decent location. A couple of blocks from Embarcadero Center, it's about a 10-15 minute walk to Union Square, right next to the Transamerica building. I stayed on a weekend, so the streets weren't as busy as it probably is during the week. One plus was that since it was a Saturday night stay, I was able to park on the street. I heard that hotel parking is $48, but I paid $3/hour on the street and then after 6pm, the meters are free, as well as all day Sunday. I would stay here if you don't mind walking and looking for a little more value and comfort. I wouldn't stay here if walking isn't something you're looking to do much of. It gets pretty scarce later at night on the streets between Union Square and the hotel, but there always seems to be someoone walking by. I had no issues walking home at 2 in the morning. I recently discovered this area as a cheaper alternative to Union Square the week before and stayed at another close by property as well.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	3	5	

<Author>jaypeaznuts
<Content>Great hotel! Was pleasantly surprised when Hotwire assigned us to this hotel. Paid ~$120 in total, and it was worth every penny.The location is excellent. North beach, Chinatown and the financial district are literally a few blocks away. The BART is a bit of a walk, but you're in San Francisco...it's what you do. We flew there, so we didn't have to deal with the parking. But I would recommend that you not use the valet if you are interested in saving money. There are a couple of lots down the street for a fraction of the cost, and they are not hard to find. I have read reviews about the noise and the thin walls...and the neighbor next door was a bit obnoxious. But if he wasn't yelling at someone at the top of his lungs, we probably would have never heard him.The decor of the hotel was awesome. Very modern, bright and clean. Did not eat at the hotel, so can't comment on room service or the restaurants in the hotel. The room had a city view (did I mention I only paid $120 ;-)), and it was clean, comfortable and roomy. The bed was super comfy. The service was great. Check in was a breeze, and every hotel employee I talked to during the stay was personable and more than willing to help out.Overall, the experience was great.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>SINTraveler
<Content>So-so hotel We spent 3 nights in this hotel. The front desk didn't inform us when we checked-in regarding using the card in the elevator. Parking was too expansive ($48 per night) and quite dissappointed with the continental breakfast. There wasn't even hot breakfast!!! When we present the frontdesk our confirmation # to check in, they insisted that we need to print out a copy??? Not impressed by the hotel, it's just a so-so hotel. Only convenient is walking to Chinatown for better food.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	2	3	2	-1	2	

<Author>syac
<Content>Loved this Hilton! Despite some of the scary reviews, my finace and I loved this hotel! The location was ideal, the rooms were clean, and the view was very nice!The location is great. You about a 2 minute walk from Chinatown, a 5 minute walk from North Beach (all the Italian places) and a 15 minute walk from Union Square.The ONLY thing that wasn't great is the fact that we couldn't get a room with one king bed, we got two doubles, but that's a chance you take when booking through priceline.The view was great! We were on the 21st floor, and could see the entire city beneath us.The concierge was VERY helpful. He always had good reccomendations when we asked where to go, and mapped out everythign with detail! He was fabulous.The staff was actually pretty nice. They get busy, but try their best to accomadate you.Cute coffe place inside too for morning cofee and pastries!We'll be staying here again!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>KennethTan
<Content>Excellent location, excellent hotel - Excellent location. Right across the street from Chinatown, so it is convenient to go for good cheap food.- The rooms are in very good order. The hotel has free WiFi.- The staff are professional, competent and friendly.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>wpmmhe
<Content>3-Star at Most. Avoid it if You Can! I booked for a one night stay through Hotwire, thinking I would get Hyatt Regency, and was disappointed to see Hilton Finacial District showing up. I knew it is in an old concrete building that used to be Holiday Inn, but what could I do? Hotwire surprised me by zoning it into Embarcadero rather than Union Square East!Anyhow, I checked in on Sat, Dec 1 at 4pm, and was told right away by Monica, a dark-skinned lady at front desk, that she only has rooms with 2 double-beds available, and upgrading to a bay-view room with King-szie bed would cost $50 more. With my wife standing right beside me, I had to take it even though I knew it was a rip-off (I paid only $85 to Hotwire). The room was kind of small, but has a great view facing Coit Tower and the bay. The bed is comfortable as others suggested. But everything else is below my standard of a 4-star hotel. The bath room is really small with a single sink. The tub is small. The recent face-lift was done with poor quality and cheap material. And 25-inch TV?Even worse, it is noisy even at 18th floor. There was some constant noise there even when I turned off my heater/AC. The building has poor sound insulation, so I was waken up real early in the morning first by shower in the next room and then vacume on the floor above.All in all, this is a 2.5 star in my opinion! This is my first time staying in a Hilton in the US, and I will never do it again. And I guess no more Hotwire either.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	3	

<Author>josiesmom11
<Content>Pros did not outweigh cons My husband and I planned a one-night getaway to San Francisco for our first time ever overnight away from our two young kids. We decided to be spontaneous and book a hotel through Hotwire - got a great deal on this Hilton ($85) and decided that it whatever happened, we would enjoy ourselves because we could actually get a good night's sleep! Well...we didn't. At around 12:30 am, we were awakened from VERY LOUD people on BOTH sides of our room (both the rooms on either side of our room). We called hotel services and they claimed that they would send up security to deal with it. Not sure if they ever did, because the noise continued intermittently until 2 am!!! We were extremely sad about this turn of events.On the pro side, the bed was very comfortable and the view was great.Beware: the $46 valet parking fee applies even if you want to park and drop off your bags. We parked out in front, told the vaelt that we would be back as soon as we checked in, and they still tried to charge us $46 for 20 minutes!!!Overall, we would not stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>techconfgoer
<Content>Superb views (and modern furnishings!) This was a wonderful experience. A pal helped me book and got me a room for $90. Even if it had been $200, I'd still give this place great marks. First, the place was truly modernized and had really fresh, design-y furniture, bedding, accessories. Second, my view - I think I was in the 20-something floors - was magnificent. I had a beautiful wide view of the north side of the city, including North Beach, Golden Gate Bridge, etc. Just wonderful to wake up to. My main complaint is the high cost of parking - $42 for valet or self-parking. That's downtown SF for you. I found my own lot - there's one just across the street - and paid a bit less.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>gone2bigsur
<Content>Outstanding       Hilton on the Left, Transamerica Pyramid on the right  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dhooty
<Content>Good for the price we paid with hotwire! Wouldn't pay much more! We got our hotel room via hotwire for the price of $110.00. I really would not pay much more than that. Check-in was very slow, and the front desk staff seemed a bit apathetic. The valet seemed a bit unprofessional and seemed a bit rude when we decided we didn't want to pay the ridiculous price of $46 dollars for valet (we parked across the street)The room and bathroom were really nice and modern, which I like about the Hilton chain. Our room had a nice view as well. The hotel is in a great location for doing the touristy things and is very close to North Beach, which is great to get some delicious italian. We pretty much stayed in our room that night because we got in late (we flew in from barcelona) and we enjoyed the comfy bed and a/c which we hadn't had in 6 weeks (we had gone backpacking in Asia/Europe/Africa_.There are far better hotels in San Francisco with better customer service and more reasonable parking fees. As we said before, we got hilton on hotwire last minute and we really would not have paid much more.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>Masonpips
<Content>Loved the location, decent room Won the room via Priceline for $150-ish/night + taxes. Agree w/previous poster that is was average to above average for the price, but wouldn't have been thrilled had I paid rack rate (which was an astounding $429/night). The room was nice, we liked the built-in desk area that filled the whole bottom half of the window - served as a make-up area, bar, storage place, etc. We found the beds to be VERY comfortable.No waits for the elevators, very friendly other guests - chatting us up about the ASN conference, a run along the wharf, etc. Lobby staff was fine, but we had no one offer to help us with bags on the way in (12:30 a.m., but staff was standing around) and the bellman we checked our bags with on the last day (we had a red-eye flight home) basically begged for a tip I won't be here when you return, but I will take care of your bags. The shower was very short but decent water pressure. The sliding door to the bathrooom was slightly odd and if someone got up to use the facilities during the night, the light was VERY bright through the opaque glass for the rest of us!For the price and location (we walked everywhere except for a ride back on the cable car one time) we would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>californialove21
<Content>good stay at the hilton The Hilton SF Financial District was a good hotel to stay at for a weekend. I am glad I booked w/ Priceline because having to pay over $200 per night would not have been worth it. The doormen/valet service is great and they are always willing to get you a cab. Parking w/the hotel is way too expensive! The rooms were comfortable, but we didn't get a king size bed as requested. Instead we got two doubles w/ a great view of Coit tower that we enjoyed so it wasn't a bad compromise! The beds are not as comfortable as you would expect, for being called Serenity Beds. Location is great, a few blocks from North Beach, Little Italy. Be sure to hit up Trattoria Pinocchio on Colombus for the best Italian food in the city! I will stay at this hotel again, but only with a deal from priceline.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>VacaBird
<Content>No problems Stayed 2 nights for combined business/family getaway (with 2 preteens). I have read the reviews here and knew that while some love the property, there were also problems reported. I am happy to report that we had no significant problems. I did have to think long and hard about the rating here, though. It ranged between average to above average. I did have a generally favorable experience overall. If, however, I had paid the rack rate, I think I would have been less happy. For the location, the general price and other flavor seemed in line with what I would expect with similar properties in the area. Personally, I usually choose a different type of property (we like a fridge and microwave - neither of which are standard in these rooms), but this hotel suited our needs well-enough for this trip.The room was booked online via the hotel website, with a AAA discount. This process is extremely easy. By booking with the hotel (rather than a blind site such as Priceline), I did get the Bay view, concierge level floor with lounge access. This also helped make for a pleasant stay as we could get breakfast in the morning, and appetizers in the evening (approximate hours 6-10am-ish and 5-9pm-ish, I think). Selections were actually fairly good. Bar service in the concierge lounge was available for an additional fee. Frankly, though there were multiple complaints previously listed here re: the speed of the elevators, I thought they were great. In fact, on a few occasions, I wanted to look out of the window at the view from a different vantage point than my room (window by the elevator), and the elevator arrived too quickly. The slot where you have to swipe your room key for the elevator to take you to (certain?) floors is too small, and takes a fair amount of finesse to work smoothly. Perhaps this is part of the delay others have mentioned. Check in was very quick (arrived around 6-7pm). Staff was nice, but the first try resulted in no access to the concierge lounge. A quick return trip to the lobby was all it took to resolve it. Check out also no problem with final bill provided under the door in a timely manner. Room was clean. Bathroom very small, with bathtubs noticeably small/short. The sliding door on the bathroom didn't close very tightly, making privacy a potential issue if several are staying in the room. Flat screen TV was nice, but couldn't figure out how to hook up a DVD player (and we usually have no problem with this). Beds were full size, but comfortable. The bay view from the 24th floor was good (I wouldn't say astounding, but good). It was an easy walk down Kearney or Montgomery to California St. to catch the cable cars (be aware can be packed at certain times of the day). The rest of the family also used the bus system one day. Be aware many of the streets are one-way as you figure where the buses go. We also had a rental car which we were very happy parking across the street (literally ACROSS the street) in the Portsmouth Square garage. Their rate at $26/day is substantially better than the Hilton, but you don't get in/out privileges. For us, this was absolutely fine - may not be best for everyone if you plan to come and go often. The other garage has a website you can Google for info.While I am not eagerly planning my next trip here, we would be willing to stay here again if circumstances were similar.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>toonarmyusa
<Content>Good solid business hotel Stayed at the new Hilton San Francisco in the China Town/Financial District for business. I enjoyed the stay and the staff I found to be friendly and engaging. The rooms were light and airy - but the furniture seemed to be a little cheap (not Hilton standard). For the price and location I'd stay again.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Xeres25
<Content>Absolutely Fine with the best Concierge This was the first hotel I stayed in San Francisco, and my experience was very positive. We arrived and the door staff took our cases, the check-in process was fine and they were happy to upgrade me as my travel agent had made a mistake. The room was clean and adequate. There is free wireless in all the rooms, which is an added bonus. The hotel is located on the doorstep of the Chinese quarter and this was great for getting Chinese food and it is a short walk to the shopping district. The hotel is not served very well by public transport.As it was our first visit to San Francisco, we approached the concierge who had to be the most helpful man I ever met. He provided some great anecdotes about his various stays around the world. He spent almost half an hour guiding us through the map of San Francisco. You have to ask him about the 'NO' area. He really made our stay.The decor of the hotel is very pleasant and the bar is very atmospheric in the evenings.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Seven_Continents
<Content>Some helpful hints (I hope...) Based on previous reviews, it just so happens my experience allows me to give you some tips. I will write this review accordingly.Location: You are about 5 blocks away from anything a tourist would want. But, once you walk those 5 blocks you are at the edge of the tourist areas, market st, etc. so you'll have to keep on walking after that. The area directly around the hotel is not pretty but it didn't feel unsafe. Know that the first few minutes walk after you get out of the hotel there is basically nothing. The Montgomery BART/MUNI station is about a 10 minute walk, Montgomery St. is behind the hotel and it's a much nicer atmosphere to walk through. Having been to SF many times, the only reason I stayed at this location was the confluence of 3 conventions that weekend making hotels unavailable and expensive, I got this place Priceline cheap.The lobby is nice and I also experienced the disorganized check in process others have written about. After getting to my room, I was not happy with it and the guest service line went unanswered for 10 minutes, so I went downstairs and cut a very long line as I had already waited on one to check in.The odd # rooms all face the bay while the even # ones face the Union Square area of SF. I was first given an -01 room which had beautiful bay windows with an expansive view of the water. It was a cozy handicapped room with a spacious bathroom and a wardrobe but no closet. It is right next to the soda/ice machine and the elevators. Not all -01 rooms are handicapped but I imagine they are all the same size. I can't vouch for noise because I was only in it for 15 minutes in the morning. The only thing wrong with it was the handicapped shower head was too low for my 6'1 height and was not going any higher. I was not in the mood for kabuki showers. Note that the shower head in my next room was not much higher, if you are over 5 feet you'll be bending over/leaning back to wash your hair in this property!I switched to a -25 room which after entering tucked into a corner of the building. The view was still of the bay but the windows much smaller. It had a closet and a large chest. The desk area in the corner was great, with shelves underneath and a TV that since it was not in an armoire was easily adjustable to be seen from anywhere in the room. The room, like the -01 room was slightly smaller than the other rooms I passed by but I think the fact that -25 is sequestered away from the room next to it makes it ideal if you like quiet. The only negative is that it's right next to the housekeeping closets so at 5pm and 9 am you hear the constant open/close of the doors as they prepare to work.My bathroom was small but completely adequate. Bed was comfortable, rooms were very clean. I really enjoyed my cozy room but if you stay here be prepared!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	2	3	2	-1	-1	

<Author>Washy10
<Content>Not what I expected for a Hilton Not what i expected from the Hilton we had just arrived for our 4 week holiday to the US and our first stop was San Fransisco, we arrived at the Hilton myself, husband and 2 small children only to be looked at by the doorman as we struggled to get all of our luggage out of our transportation the get our own trolley to load up and take to reception with no offer of help. then waited for 10 Min's to be checked in as the staff were busy having a chat among themselves, so i was very disappointed with the service especially from a country that relies on tips for showing good customer service, the room was ok nothing fancy and the location had nothing around it except for businesses so not much on offer close by.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>AriGold444
<Content>Valet left the car sitting on the street - burglarized, declined comp I checked into the Hilton Financial District around 10:00 PM after a long drive and handed the car over to the valet to be parked. I then checked into my room, which had nice views and was well appointed. Waking up the next morning, I was slightly shocked to find the valet parking charge to be $46, which easily qualifies as the highest valetcharge I ever paid, but so what. Then, I called valet to have them prepare my car, and they couldnt seem to find my valet number. They told me not to worry, they will manage. So I made my way down, check out and step in front of the hotel to pick up my car, only to find mycar still sitting on the exact spot where I turned it over to the valet the night before, right on the sidewalk, with the passenger window smashed and some personal items stolen. So, I paid $46 for valet, who did not park my car in the parking structure where it would have been reasonably safe, but left it our sitting on the sidewalk well visible to any passerby, and was not even informed of the crime until I walked right up to my car. Now this is where the bad part begins: The Hilton disclaimed any responsibility because Valet is operated by ACE parking, a seperate company. ACE parking does explicitly and on the valet ticket disclaim any responsibility for damage to the car - one of these clauses you always encounter andask yourself: So what if this guy totals my car ? - Apparently, this disclaimer even covers the situation in which valet severly screws up and simply leaves the car sitting on the sidewalk for $46.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	2	1	2	

<Author>xreenberg
<Content>Very unimpressive hotel The hotel looks nice, but that's where the plesant experience ends. The staff are unexceptional, there is no fridge in the room. How can a hotel be four stars without a fridge in room? The rooms were otherwise tiny, valet parking is 42 dollars a night!! 4 stars is not an appropriate rating for this place, 3 star is more appropriate.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	4	2	2	4	

<Author>foodlover2321
<Content>Build more lifts! Spent 5 days here after work booked it for 389 a night. No minibar, fridge, swimming pool or decent room service. Also agree about lifts, feel like spent most of my stay in a lift.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bruce77
<Content>Nice hotel, but noisy The hotel is in a great location within walking distance of North Beach, Chinatown and the downtown area. The rooms are well equipped and comfortable and the facilities in the hotel are good. However, there is a big problem with noise in this hotel as reffered to by another reviewer. The walls are paper thin and I was woken at various stages of my 4-night stay by the rooms on both sides. On two occassions I needed to call the front desk and while they did send somebody up their reaction was such that it seemed that it occurred regularly. Certainly if I were a business traveller (which a lot of the guests appeared to be) I would not want to stay here due to the noise. In addition there is a lot of street noise. While the area outside is safe there appeared to be trouble at one bar directly underneath my room where the police had to be called. In total, I got one uninterrupted night's sleep here in four nights and for that reason I would recommend staying elsewhere.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>MissLorenita
<Content>Nice Stayed for ten nights. The hotel is very clean and newly refurnished. The rooms are quite big. There are no minibars in the rooms, but there are coffee making facilities. There is an icemaker on every floor. The gym was quite small but modern. I personally like staying in a hotel that is not in the middle of union square. Besides the walk to union square is only ten minutes. I wouldn't stay here again because I need a minbar.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	3	3	2	

<Author>doconner
<Content>Great hotel, Great location       View from 2004  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NDT76
<Content>So Comfortable We stayed at the Hilton in September 2007 for 5 nights and found the Club room we stayed in to be very comfortable, clean and quiet. The only problem was we coudnt get a room until 3:15. I realize check in is a 3pm but after sitting on a plane for 13 hours it would be nice to get your room after 1:30pm when you arrive. Apart from that we found everyhtihing else very satisfactory and the staff courteous and helpful. Would definitely stay there anytime..  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tluvdodgers
<Content>Nice Hotel Nice Price Got the hotel through priceline at 70 a night. We checked in at 2 without a problem. there was no snotty attitude because we booked on priceline. The only thing that was odd when we checked in is that no one offered to take our bags to the room which wasn't a big deal but I am used to being asked. The hotel is within walking distance of North Beach and right by China Town. Parking was really expensive it was 45. we were on the 12th floor and I did not find the street noise to be a problem like some other people did and we slept with our windows open.Overall a very good experience and I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>luckbethelady
<Content>Stay away-far away!! We booked our room thru Priceline and paid $90. We checked in at 2:15 and they did not have a room for the us and reminded us 3 times that we used priceline. They didn't have a room for us but thay did for the other 20 people checking in- behind us!! We were told to wait a couple hours even though check -in was at 3:00. When I went to get our room an hour and half later , without my husband. I was told I couldn't checkin with out him. The person helping me had told us to come back and he knew my husband had a meeting. Any how long story of bad customer service. We talked with front hotel manager and everyone had the same story-blah, blah, blah. They say bad service starts from the top and it really does at this hotel. Our A/C stopped working 2 times. Our phone didn't work and problem with shower drain.  I would never recommend any one to stay here! Why would you? Read the reviews and look elsewhere! There are sooo many great hotels in San Francisco ! Don't waste you time or money. The hotel is old. Location so-so. The service awful. I would recommend priceline but not in this area.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Ted Fry
<Content>Satisfactory and reasonably priced I found the staff exceptionally polite and helpful. Check-in, even 3 hours early, was a breeze (OTOH, the check-out button on the room phone wasn't working, but it was a minor annoyance). While I didn't much care for the furnishings/color schemes in the rooms or corridors, everything was comfortable, immaculately maintained, and professionally managed. There seem to be lots of meetings and conferences here. While I can see how this might strain property resources as other reviews have mentioned, during my stay, everything was well run. A few minor quibbles: as others have mentioned, there is a high level of neighborhood/external noise .. bring earplugs. The elevators can be slow and quite crowded during peak hours. While the property is technically central, it's far enough away from Union Square/cable cars/Market St that some travelers (elderly, or with small children) might find the walk more than they bargained for. Others will have no problem, and SFO is nothing if not a walking city. Overall, a reliable choice for the leisure or business traveler, especially when discount rates are available through one of the online services ($100/night is a bargain for *any* 3star San Francisco hotel).  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	3	5	5	4	3	

<Author>IainAF
<Content>Poor Value for Money I attended a conference here in September 2007 and stayed for five nights. The hotel is well situated for Chinatown, Union Square shopping and restuarants. The Embarcadero and Fishermans Warf are within a 20 minute walk. I found the staff helpful and pleasant. The Hilton has just undergone a major refit: The beds and bedding are extremely comfortable and the wireless email works fine. The bathrooms are compact but tidily decorated. Unfortunately, the walls are extremely thin, so I could hear phone calls, waking alarms and general discussions in the rooms either side of me (despite my wife telling me that I am deaf most of the time!). I am reasonably well-travelled so feel able to say that this hotel did not meet my expectations of a four star hotel for which one is paying a premium - $329/night.Disappointing.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>jagadc
<Content>Ew. This is definitely not a four star hotel. Our shower didn't work, the TV broke during our stay and just getting an elevator to your floor was a huge hassle. After calls to the front desk, the first two problems were eventually fixed. But the customer service did not go any farther than that. My companion actually had one hotel representative be down-right rude.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>MichaelinTN
<Content>Great Location/Noise is a problem We stayed here for 7 nights and were very happy with our stay. Booked through priceline for $85/night. Room was clean if just a little bit small. The location is great; within walking distance to a lot of the city's attractions. Columbus Ave. is just a couple blocks away with a lot of great italian restaurants and you can walk all the way down this street to Fisherman's wharf(though this is a bit of a long walk). We were on the 10th floor and street noise is very noticeable; especially the trash truck at 5am! But we are heavy sleepers and didn't bother us too bad. Does seem to attract a young/party crowd on the weekends as the weekend we left the hotel seemed to be full of frat brothers on a reunion.Weekend concierge was very unhelpful and rude but the head concierge was very nice and was very helpful with car reservations.Overall we would use this hotel again if booked through priceline. I would have been disappointed if paying full price.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Clennan
<Content>Very, very,very poor service and average hotel... There are really only two positive things I can say about this hotel:* The concierge was polite and helpful;* The rate through Priceline ($100 / 拢50 p.night) was reasonableAm sorry to say that everything else from start to finish of our 3 day stay (and the aftermath) was poor. Specifically:a) Despite three phone calls prior to arrival the Hotel refused to book us a king room (and/or bay view room), saying that we had to ask on arrivalb) On check-in the clerk said there were no king rooms, no bay view rooms and no rooms above the 5th floor. Thanks!c) On arriving at our 'full-size' room we discovered: One of the 'phones did not work, the bath plug did not work, and it was noisy. The 'wireless internet' did not work in the room as the signal was so weak;d) The 'city-view' room had no double glazing (in the 21st century? really?) and so was highly susceiptible to street noise;e) As many have said, the elevators were so slow that queues of literally 10 - 15 people (most of whom appeared to be college students who were the worst for wear) regularly gathered in reception waiting just to get to their rooms;f) On our last night (a Sunday) we needed to get an early night (ie. 10:00pm) prior to a 6:00AM flight the next day. On returning to our room we found that the noise from the karaoke in the conference room TWO FLOORS below was so loud that there was no hope of getting to sleep. After 40 minutes complaining (having tried to ring reception for 15 minutes without success, the phone having been apparently off the hook) and then having to take the emergency stairs because the lifts were so slow, we were told that the noise would stop at 11:30 as security had been notified; My partner stressed to reception that we did not want to return to our room to find that the noise had not abated because it would take so long to contact reception again.Having got back to our room, we discovered the noise was as bad as ever.After a further 20 mins on the phone, we were told the hotel could do nothing about it as the party had permission to continue until midnight. We were told there were no rooms elsewhere in the hotel to which to move.On continuing to compain we were eventually put through to a Mr. Mark Everton (the general manager) who magically discovered a new room on the 11th floor and who offered us the grand sum of $50 in cash incompensation to pay for our taxi to the airport the next morning. By this time it was 12:30 am....g) Unbelievably, on checking out at 6:00am we discovered the Hilton had had the gall to charge the $50 to our room. Having wasted a further 15 mins explaining the situation to the desk clerk he issued us with a credit note but no apology.h) On returning to the UK we discovered the Hilton had charged us the $50 and not honoured the credit note.A FAX to Mr. Everton yielded no results and a follow-up phone call (at our expense!!!!) failed to prompt an apology.To date we are yet to receive the credit.......  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	2	3	2	1	2	

<Author>CaliforniaKia
<Content>Service counts The hotel looks great on the surface. It's clean (unlike some other reviewers mention), modern, and renovated. But once you settle in you'll fine many little annoyances. To mention few: the bathroom outlet had no power, the toilet flush did not work properly, the coffee maker was broken etc. None are a big deal but for a 4 star, recently renovated hotel, you would expect more. The most important problem with the building itself is that there is no sound proofing. The windows' glass is so thin, it was as if we had left the windows open. We heard every little street sound. And it is a very noisy area. So if you are sensetive to city noise during sleep, don't even consider it there. There was some noise from adjacent rooms, but the street noise overshadowed that anyway. The beds were nice. The shower was great. The rooms was amall. But the main problem we had was the service. We checked in late but were told that the houskeeping was running behind and our room was not ready. In addition, we had requested a king bed and they said there are only rooms with double beds available if any. When asked for upgrades to something which is ready, they said nothing available. After we finally got a room, my wife was diappointed with the view, so she called and asked if we could at least get a bay view out of courtesy since they did not have king bed we had requested. They said since we made our reservation online, we are the lowest priority and will not be able to get anything better than what our current room was. That I found too blunt for customer servie in a 4 start hotel. Just a final note, they had added a $20 dollar room serive on the checkout bill, when I inquire about this (couple times on the phones which they said will look into and call back but never did and finally in person), they said they could not find any receipts for it and waived it. A very curious incident!...  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>1	4	2	2	4	1	1	4	

<Author>CMinCO
<Content>This place is hazardous to your health! This place is filthy! Empty wine and alcohol bottles were found on top of the closet, a used condom between the bed and wall. I asked to change rooms and was told none were available. At least they sent a maid to clean up. The closet door fell off with huge screws exposed - I could have seriously cut myself. I called the front desk to have them fix it the next day, they never fixed it! When I called the second day to request another room, I was told the same thing. They did not even offer to upgrade me. DO NOT STAY HERE! So so service, the place is falling apart, and the staff does NOT care about you or your safety.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>EricinMD49
<Content>An Amazing View, Great Location and Fantastic People! We stayed for two nights at the Hilton on the end of our 10 day visit to California. First of all, the location is pefect. You are on the edge of Chinatown and North Beach. Fisherman's Wharf is a 15-20 minute walk and you can get to downtown easily. We loved the room we had due to the modern furnishings and the amazing view of the skyline of the city. Simply beautiful..the view is worth it..especially from an upper floor.Also, I was impressed with the staff. The guys at the front bellstand/consierge were always willing to help us find out how to get where we wanted to go. Very friendly and extremely helpful...I can't praise them enough.We never ate anything at the hotel (except a few sweet rolls one morning) and it lacks a pool or hot tub or even an exercise room. So a mark down for that, but otherwise this is a great place to stay in San Francisco.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Oatis_J
<Content>Hilton, Financial Disctrict - Great Location! We stayed 7 nights (8/29-9/5/07) and got the room through Priceline for $85.00 per night. Priceline considers this hotel 鈥淔inancial District鈥? though one may argue it is in Chinatown. Really I think the Hilton refers to it as being in the Financial District, so Priceline does as well. Either way, it is in a great location. We did not have a car, so I cannot comment on parking/driving, although it is expensive. I feel the location makes up for needing a car 鈥?my husband and I walked everywhere. The hotel offers a shuttle to and from the airport, $26.00 per person (plus tip). We did this going from the hotel, and a cab cost $60.00 to the hotel from the airport. Pros:Great location! On the cusp of Chinatown, in walking distance to North Beach  Union Square. Fantastic views! We were given a room with a view of the bay and Coit Tower. I know with Priceline you cannot guarantee this 鈥?but we were lucky. If you book your room the old fashioned way, be sure to ask for this side of the hotel. Well worth it! Room d茅cor was trendy and modern. In general very clean. ConsLow water pressure in shower and toilet. Small spots of mold in bathroom. Ceiling had peeling pant near window. SLOW elevators. You have to use your room key in the elevator to get to your floor. We stayed for 7 nights and the hotel held $1050 on our credit card for incidentals. We called the front desk and had this amount lowered to $400.00, but it was a struggle. Loud, but the city is loud in general. You can hear people in the hall, but then you hear car alarms and cars/trucks/people outside too. I think it will be loud no matter where you stay in the city. Overall, none of the 鈥渃ons鈥?are enough to keep us from coming back. When bidding for a room through Priceline (and paying under $100.00 per night), we realize we are not going to get the most premium room in the hotel. This hotel met my expectations and I would recommend it to others.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>gorka
<Content>Book a high floor we stayed here long time ago but, I hope my review is useful anyway. The location is very good, pretty central, I would say 10-15 minutes walking from market street, Union sq, embarcadero, good restaurants, so location is OK. We booked a high floor with views to the bay and Alcatraz and this was fantastic. I think we paid I paid about 120 USD and, for this price, is very, very good.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Pineda
<Content>very central Very good service and very good rooms  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>egf1960
<Content>Wonderful Hotel       View from room 2117  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>yolipan
<Content>Thin Walls The location is great, and the decor nice enough, but the walls, I agree were thin and you could hear your neighbors walking around. The toilet flushed real slow, like it was barely working. The room itself seemed rather small, I think it was the desk along the wall that took up most of the space. The elevators were irritating, you had to enter your key just to get up to any of the room floors. It wasn't a bad stay, but I definitly would spend my money elsewhere in the future.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>Javisdad
<Content>Great Stay Just stayed at the Hilton Financial District. Great hotel, staff was very nice and the best part was that there was a playground and park across the street! Chinatown was literally across the street. Everything was an easy walk.I didn't give it a five star because the room service menu was limited, there was not a pool (there used to be one 1.5 years ago), and there was no gift shop/snack shop. The bell service and restaurant staff were top notch. The front desk staff were not so friendly compared to everyone else. The view of downtown from the windows was amazing.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	5	4	

<Author>Obelix_WY
<Content>Great location, so-so hotel Some reviews have mentioned the pool on the roof - it is closed. There were rust stains on some bathroom fixtures, and the bathroom had no fan. The staff were spotty; some seemed very professional, and some seemed like they were working a Burger King counter. The elevators are incredibly slow - this is something I had never considered in a hotel, but they are THAT SLOW.But the location is the best in the city.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	2	2	4	

<Author>pjeanne
<Content>Outstanding view of SF skyline towards Coit Tower Not necessarily an obvious choice for tourists but we very much enjoyed our stay at the Hilton Financial District. Location is good in the middle of China Town, within walking distance to Little Italy and close enough to the main attractions. Room had a superb view on the Bay (Alcatraz, Coit Tower, Bay Bridge, etc.). Amenities were good, certainly up to the standards of Hilton. We did not need any particular assistance from the staff, so can't really comment, but the hotel seemed to be operating well.Overall, I would certainly recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	-1	4	

<Author>williamtraveler
<Content>Nice Stay       view from our room  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NomadDad
<Content>Great Stay at the Hilton Fin Dist We visited San Francisco for the first time as a family during the first week of August. We booked this Hilton through Hotwire, but I was already interested in staying there because the 'candid' photos of the hotel room views on Trip Advisor looked great, and the location looked convenient to the areas we wanted to visit. So I was pleased when the 'blind' selection through Hotwire was this Hilton.After reading a bit more and thinking about it, I was a little worried about the the size of the room for our family, which includes two young teens. I called the reservations desk at the hotel to inquire about upgrading to a larger room, and was able to do so for an additional fee. I spoke several times to the front desk and reservations prior to my stay and received excellent service.The hotel room did not disappoint. As many have stated here, the views (at least on the bay side) are SPECTACULAR. The city views I think are good too - but not as good. The decor in our room was also very nice (4 star in my opinion), very nice bathroom, and clean. For us the upgrade was well worth it. We even had dinner in our room on evening (take-out from Tommaso's down the street) in order to enjoy the view.Our room was a larger room on the 25th floor, with a King bed and pull out queen sofa bed. We also had a kitchenette with a sink and fridge that we used a lot. The bathroom was large, with a nice walk in shower - no tub.We did not eat at the hotel other than the 'club floor' continental breakfast and hors d'oeuvres served on the 26th floor (the bfast was a little better than your typical Hampton Inn continental breakfast). We used the breakfast every morning because it was free and convenient. We thought about eating at '750', but there are too many other good options in the area.The location is very good given it's close walking location to Chinatown, Union Square, North Beach, Coit Tower and Embarcadero/Ferry Building. The entrance of the hotel faces Chinatown, the other side of the hotel faces the Financial District, 2 blocks down is North Beach. The most convenient cable car line is California St, a few blocks away.There were always a lot of people on the streets around the hotel, so I felt safe walking around there at all times. There are a few blocks towards North Beach that have a couple of 'x-rated' clubs. Those blocks are easily avoided (if so desired).My only complaints with the hotel were that the front desk and concierge could be very difficult to reach by phone from the hotel. I think they could actually use a second full time concierge. The other complaint was the management of the driveway in front. It is totally out of control and was blocked for extended periods. If you are driving at all (we rented cars for trips out of the city), I would recommend stopping on the street rather than pulling in the drive and getting stuck. The elevators can be very busy, and be prepared for a quick draw of your room card necessary to access all floors.**I highly recommend anyone planning a trip to SF visit the Forum page which is very active and helpful.A must for Saturdays is a stroll down to The Embarcadero and Ferry Building then down to the Wharf. It is a great time for a family. Many other suggestions are on the Forum.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>yorkVancouver
<Content>Great Stay Extremely professional, courteous staff. Excellent location, incredible bedding, great food in the restaurant. A wonderful stay.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Middle_Aged_Man
<Content>Wow! What a room. What a view! This is a really great hotel.First the view was spectacular--Coit Tower in the foreground, Alcatrez to the left and the slopes of Russian Hill and Nob Hill to the left. To the right is the bay and the Ferries. In the distance rise the mountains. Simply fantastic!(These were bay view rooms. Obviously not all rooms had this view.)The location was also wonderful. Chinatown is in front of the hotel. North Beach starts just to the right and Market Street and the Financial District are just to the left. Behind you is the Embarcaderro.The room and hotel decor is very stylish and modern, giving this rather large hotel the feel of a smaller upscale boutique hotel. The rooms are not large, but are thoughtfully laid out so that they feel quite comfortable and have very nice work space and bathrooms. Loved the flat screen TV's and the sliding door to the bathroom.The staff was fine, but I didn't have any food or room service.I really enjoyed my stay there--too bad it was for one night only.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>frankandalisonm
<Content>Best Hotel Room Ever We stayed at this hotel from July 14th for a week. The hotel has completely been modernised and is very very shiny and new. The style is very modern and very hip. We had booked directly with the hotel and had booked a bay view room. Upon checking in however there were no bay view rooms avaiiable and the girl on reception asked us to wait while she checked with her manager, on returning she came back to say she had managed to get us a room on the top floor of the hotel which she said would have views of the bay.We were aprehensive until we got to the room. It was amazing!!! It was huge very modern and get this had French doors leading to a balcony and patio with the most amaxing view of the coit tower and the entire San Francisco Bay. It completely took our breath away. The room itself was spectacular in its decoration fit and finish, 32 inch wall mounted t.v, marble bathroom and an incredibly comfortable bed with lovely clean bed linen. We even had complimentary bath robes...Our stay was really incredible and the service from the staff was fantastic, very attentive and just what you would expect from a Hilton. We would stay at this hotel in a minute and could not reccommend it highly enough to anyone. Location wise its only a 10 minute walk from Union Square and 20 mins from the wharf..  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>irishrover
<Content>Good stay This hotel should come out of the closet and call itself the Hilton Chinatown. It even contains the Chinese Cultural Centre and it seems to be a very popular hotel for American Chinese and visiting Chinese,which gives it a bit of an exotic feel (for us irish countryfolk). It was great for us as one of the main purposes of our stay was to explore Chinatown. The hotel is also within walking distance of NorthBeach, the Embarcadera and Union Square so the location is the very best feature of this hotel. We stayed two nights and our comments generally are good. The room onthe 17th floor was great. Spotlessly clean and very well equipped. I would repeat the warning given by other reviewers - don't drink the Evian, it gets put on the bill. But at least the coffee is free. Alsowhy do they charge a dollar to make a toll-free call? We had a problem as our luggage was lost so had to keep phoning the help line.However, the staff very obligingly let us use the front desk phone for free when it was quiet.We had a lovely view from our room and did not experience any internal noise from the hotel. However, the noise from the street in the middle of the night was very bad. This, of course, is beyond the control of the hotel, but I mention it to warn others. I did not expect that the noise would carry up to the 17th floor, but it seemedlike there was a street party going on for at least an hour.There was a very good atmosphere in the hotel and the staff were all very friendly and helpful. The only glaring exception to this was themale concierge, who was unbelievably rude to us for no reason at all other than he thought we were British. (We are from Ireland). He actually said to us, when we gently asked him why he had turned his back on us, well you are British so I am being British back to you.Whatever that means. Maybe it was his idea of a joke and it did make us laugh because his attitude was so eccentric and completely uncalled for. We either had to laugh it off or take deep offence. My husband works in the tourist industry here in Ireland and would neverdream of treating his american guests in that way. The rest of the front desk staff were extremely kind and very good at their jobs. I can honestly say this as I had the opportunity to observe them for considerable time while I was using their phone to hold on 20 minutes for that freephone helpline.Overall a good stay considering it was in the centre of a busy city at the weekend and we would definitely use the hotel again but maybe polish up our american accents!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>SheWhoWanders
<Content>Marginal at best - decor improved, but little else This hotel is conveniently located to the financial district, Chinatown and North Beach. Cabs were regularly at the hotel and public transportation was close. This property was formerly the Holiday Inn Financial District and is an older hotel. The decor has improved drastically, but the overall experience still was marginal at best.I waited thirty minutes to check-in due to a line of 14 people in front of me. There was not adequate staff at the front desk and the two that were there were not helpful at all. I thought I must have just hit a busy time or shift change, but the problems continued throughout the night. I had the same experience at check out - I took 18 minutes to just get a receipt (I did not receive one under my door as usual).The room decor was very nice and new, but the bathroom had odd screws where the hairdryer was missing. The room was very small, but functional.When I called for a wake-up call it took three tries since no one was answering the phone. I did not receive the call the next morning as requested.The conceirge level services were standard. I went to the evening hour (wine and beer incurred a charge, but soda and bottled water were free) - the snacks were adequate (cheese cubes, chips  salsa, some undistinguished fried blobs (we are still wondering what they were - the staff said appetizers when I asked). The breakfast the next morning was also ok, but not outstanding - pastries, cereal, yogurt  fruit.Overall the stay was ok, but the staff were consistently sparse and not very helpful. I stayed at the Hilton by Union Square the previous night and had an outstanding stay - I would pick this Hilton instead if I were returning to the area. I would not stay at this property again.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	1	1	3	

<Author>BrownNCA
<Content>Nice decor, very loud. We booked this hotel through Priceline, so for the money, a great deal. Would not give this hotel a 4 star rating, more like 3. The rooms are very nicely decorated, hotel is in great location to Chinatown and North Beach. However, the outside noise at night is terrible. We were on the 6th floor overlooking an alley, so maybe a higher floor wouldn't have been as bad.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>3	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>DaGayDuo
<Content>Chinatown Hilton I was surprised to see the old Holiday Inn Chinatown is now a Hilton and has been given a face lift. We like the new look and feel, but miss the staff from when it was Holiday Inn. The elevators seem to be as busy and slow as before, but everything else seemed fully upgraded.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>flyingdutchman06
<Content>Simpy great Booked my room through priceline, and that's the way to do it. Check-in was smooth and friendly, and they even changed the room type (received a king instead of a double bed because of my height). Quiet and newly refurbished room, and even though the hotel was almost full, couldn't hear my neighbours. Bathroom is rather small, and shower head is only meant for small people (I had to kneel to wash my hair). Wireless internet is free in the room, and the concierge and desk people are very friendly. Location is great: cable cart within two blocks, fisherman's warf half an hour away by foot, and next door is Chinatown. It really is a great hotel if you don't pay rack rate.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	5	4	5	

<Author>GracieBlue
<Content>Perfect place for visit to SF Loved this hotel!! Got a fantastic rate through hotwire.com. Loved the location, on the edge of Chinatown, North Beach (Little Italy) and financial district/downtown. The room was perfectly appointed....super comfy bed, great club chair and ottoman for sitting/reading/watching TV. Excellent desk and features for biz travellers, even though I wasn't on biz this trip. Loved the individual Lazza (?sp?) coffee maker in the room - terrific coffee! The staff was very nice and helpful when needed. This hotel worked out very well for me and I'd recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>EHS_7
<Content>FIve Star Service Hotel is wonderfully redone as a Hilton, clean and crisp looking. Great central location adjacent to both Chinatown and North Beach. Yes, it can be loud, but you are downtown in a city, that is the way it is! Most notable was the excellent quick and helpful service. The concierge was extremely helpful and friendly, great food tips! When we left a bag in the garage across the street, not even their garage, the front desk manager personally returned my call within 15 minutes, went to the garage, searched for and located our bag!!! I still can't believe the low price I paid for such above and beyond, outstanding service! Will DEFINITELY return!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>RoadTripsRUS
<Content>Paper Thin Walls and Partying Neighbors Upon first glance our room looked great -- nice bedding, new fixtures and desk, nice lounger and a great view. The room appeared recently updated with a modern flair. When looking closer at the room, the toilet wouldn't flush, the sink was plugged, a magnifying mirror had been ripped out of the bathroom wall, and the walls were paper thin. We could have managed a little bit of noise from our neighbors except we could hear them yelling and playing a drinking game. We called the front desk to be moved, and were moved to a room on another floor where more partying was taking place. We rode the elevator with an assistant manager who said he had just caught 5 college-age boys trying to sneak into a room with their sleeping bags. It was definitely a younger crowd at the hotel, and we could never figure out if there was a central party or if everyone was just doing their own thing. We visit San Francisco 3-4 times a year and this is the first time we've been disappointed with a hotel/room. We would not stay at this Hilton again.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>FormerBuckeye
<Content>Great for the Price My husband and I along with our two children stayed at the Hilton for our week-end in San Francisco. The service was excellent, especially the concierge who was extremely friendly and had great tips and advice. The rooms were large by San Francisco standards with two double beds and a nice view of the city. On Hotwire we got the room for $109 per night, which is an excellent price for the quality and location. We were an easy walk to union square, and a short walk to the #30 line which goes to Fisherman's Wharf, and the Marina district. And right across the street from China town. Here is my only complaint: instead of a regular door on the bathroom, there was a pocket door that was put on a track on the outside of the doorway in a very ill-fitting, makeshift way that left large gaps on either side of the door. The door itself was predominantly frosted glass. This made for some uncomfortable lack of privacy for a family of four. Overall, however, this hotel is a great deal for the price.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>AmericanAussie
<Content>Only one problem Overall our stay at this Hilton was above average. The only two negatives were the elevator which was incredibly slow and beeped for every floor. Also even though we were on the 23rd floor we could still hear sirens from street level which wasn't too bad but still a little irritating later at night. The beds were very comfortable though, the bathrooms lovely and the staff helpful. It's in a very good location, right next to Chinatown and there's a fantastic Chinese restaurant just down Kearny street: RG Lounge. They were so packed the night we went that we simply took takeaway back to the room and on the elevator up all occupants were holding takeaway from that particular restaurant!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>CozumelQueen
<Content>Very nice, but expensive Booked room for two nights (6/20-6/21) via Priceline - got a great deal of $115 a night...however parking was $42 per day plus tax of $5+. Average room in corner 1025 - nice view of Coit tower. Bed was comfortable, sheets great, plenty of pillows, very nice. Don't drink the Evian water.... $4.50 a bottle. No refrigerator in room. Well decorated, marble countertops in bathroom. Front desk was quick and nice. Coffee bar in the front of the hotel pricey (but what isn't in SF). Went to Alfreds next door (left into the alley)... great food - $32  $38 dinner plans.... Service was not so good (arogant waiter)...plus they automatically added 17% gratuity to the cost..no matter what kind of service you get.... again food was great. Security was good - had to use keycard to use elevator. Did not use room service or restaurant, bar or Spa. Very close to the TransAmerica building and Chinatown. Safe area to walk in.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>goldengirl73
<Content>Great stay at the Hilton Financial District! We just returned from a 5 night stay at the Hilton San Francisco Financial District and the experience was wonderful! I was a little apprehensive since we had booked through Priceline for the first time; but contrary to other reviews the hotel staff was extremely friendly and helpful.  Thanks to tips from other reviewers, we paid extra($40 per room per night) for upgrades to bayview rooms and the expense was definitely worth it! Had absolutely fantastic views of the SF bay and city! The facility's location is very convenient, close to Chinatown, North Beach, Embarcadero - we were able to walk to most places (including Union Square and Ferry Building) and cabs to other areas within the city were readily available - usually cost 10-15$ at the most. Muni, cable and Bart stops are not very close however and Union Square hotels may be a better choice if you want to use these frequently. The rooms are a good size, beds and furniture is modern and very comfortable. Both the rooms and other parts of the hotel are well maintained and clean. There is a coffee shop in the lobby which is pretty good and reasonably priced. The onsite restaurant - Seven Fifty had good service though the food could have been better. Did not get a chance to try the spa (Tru). There is a public garage across the street that charges $26/night (price does not include multiple entry/exits); valet parking at the hotel is $48 (price includes multiple entry/exits) Would definitely stay here again, highly recommend this facility especially if you get a deal throgh priceline/hotwire.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>gp7787
<Content>Great Hotel!       View @ daytime.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Conchubhair
<Content>Acceptable for the Price Booked this hotel throught Priceline, seems to be a common thread here. Hotel itself was perfectly acceptable for what we wanted, a decent hotel room while we visited San Francisco on vacation for four days. We had a bit of an issue at checkin, as we required a room with a safe in it. Most hotels at this stage have safes in all of their rooms, but it appears that the corner rooms (which are a little smaller than the standard rooms) don' t have safes. In any event, after two more room changes - it was third time lucky. The room we got was good, clean and a good size for San Francisco. On another note, valet parking is $48 per day, which in my book is a bit much, however there is a self park underground parking lot directly across the street from the hotel which is $26 per day, so if you're bringing a car into the city this is the way to go. Overall I would stay here again if I was visiting the city, but on the basis that I got the hotel through priceline.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	3	4	

<Author>tru2logan
<Content>Nice Hotel Nice room, Clean, Up to date. Would stay at again. Is right next to China Town.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>kuuipo07
<Content>Nice hotel! Booked through Hotwire so the rates were a deal! Room with a city view was real nice, though a little small. Ate only one meal at the hotel as we were out for most of the day. The room was clean, beds were very comfortable, the flat panel tv was real nice and even better was the free wireless internet service.The hotel is very close to Chinatown as well as very close to the California cable car line. Best to purchase a 1, 3 or 7 day pass; the Muni transportation system is great!Wasn't bothered too much by the outside noise though one night I did hear a bunch of bottles being emptied from a container and a couple of fire truck sirens. To be expected in any big city. Also, we were on the 25th floor and we could hear the footsteps in the room above us. They must've had a tile floor as we could clearly hear someone walking around most of the time.We stayed for 5 nights and for two adults and a 16 yr old, we had enough drawer and closet space to store most of our belongings. There was no refrigerator in the room; could've used one. There is no gift shop either; all they have is a Zoom machine very similar to a soda vending machine. Dispenses everything from bottled water to an Ipod. Paid $9.99 for a small bottle of Motrin (24 caplets). Ouch!Front desk staff from check in to check out was very helpful and accommodating.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>bdouglas
<Content>less than stellar Over the years of using Priceline I have never been disappointed with my results and the rooms that I have gotten. But my visit to San Francisco and my stay at the Hilton (used to be Holiday Inn) was less then stellar and I have already emailed Priceline with the fact that it should be downgraded. My room was at least half the size of the normal 4* room I've grown accustomed to under their system. The moaning and groaning of the ventilation systems and elevator shafts permeated my room. I had better towels to dry myself off in high school then what was provided by the Hilton. The lobby area is nothing to be inspired by. The location isn鈥檛 near any of the transit systems except the busses. My view was overlooking China Town which from the ground is great but from above is not very attractive. I had a vodka/cranberry cocktail in the lounge and it cost me $9.  And they still need to do some serious upgrading to an older facility. My stays at the Hyatt are always beyond compare. It鈥檚 sad to say but once a Holiday Inn always a Holiday Inn.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>larrysmama
<Content>There's nothing like the Hilton bed I loved this hotel. It was a great location for us, because we are walkers. We were able to get everywhere we wanted to go -- Wharf/Pier 39, Embarcadero, Union Square, the BART station, etc. -- within an easy walk. We booked on Hotwire and even though parking was an astronomical $42 a night, it still made it about the same price as the hotels with free parking. The bed alone was worth it -- soooo comfortable. As the previous poster said, it's actually more Chinatown than Financial District; but that was OK with us. Don't be afraid of the nudie bars and shady characters that you may see just outside -- they're harmless.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jmoe1229
<Content>Fairly nice hotel - good value. We booked here through priceline as well. The hotel is not in the financial district but on the edge of Chinatown. It is within walking distance to Columbus St, which is where a lot of good restaurants and stuff are. Positives: nice rooms and bathrooms, Crabtree toiletries, fluffy bedding, very clean, good bay view.Negatives: walls very thin - could hear children running up and down the hallway and everything in rooms next to us, parking is $48/night w/ tax. Overall, it was a good stay, but I think that Priceline needs to re-categorize the location.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>mattandcindy
<Content>Great Hotel-But not very child friendly... We booked this hotel on Priceline-$74, great rate. The hotel was VERY nice, very clean, very upscale accomodations. The hotel is supposed to be in the financial district but is really more in Chinatown. It states it is in walking distance to The Wharf and Pier 39 but this is only true if you are in good shape. The staff was very friendly and helpful.The only negative was that the hotel is not child friendly. We had to fit two pack and plays in our room and asked the front desk clerk if we could have one of the bigger standard rooms. She stated that all rooms were the same size (which I know isn't true, corner rooms, etc are bigger). The room was barely big enough to put both pack n plays. But we did appreciate how clean and nice the room and hotel were. We probably wouldn't stay there again with our small children but we DEFINITELY would if it were just my husband and I there for the weekend.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	5	4	

<Author>swp02138
<Content>Decent Room, Nice Staff The rooms were nice and clean, but rather small. The staff was very friendly. Although listed as being in the financial district it's really in Chinatown.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>travelingprof
<Content>Very Good Hotel This was a very good hotel with large clean rooms with friendly and helpful staff. It was an interesting (one mile) downhill walk to Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf and it is just at the edge of the Chinatown district. My only criticism was the hotel restaurant called 750 off the lobby; on the one occasion I ate there the only other patron sent back her food and I was tempted to the same 鈥?it was awful. However, there are so many other great restaurants nearby that this should not be a problem.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>tdandmd
<Content>What a view! We booked this through Priceline and got a fantastic rate, but I would definitely pay more to stay here again - if I could get the view I got. It was a million-dollar view of Coit Tower, Alcatraz, Embarcadero, Nob Hill, St. Peters and Paul Cathedral. The room was not overly large or special, but it was clean and current.Service was fantastic from the reservation desk to the bellman. Location is great for hitting China Town and North Beach. A feal find.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>mcferran
<Content>Excellent Experience Having never visited San Francisco before we booked on priceline. On arriving at the hotel I showed my hilton gold card and immediately got given a room on the executive floor with access to the lounge. Our luggage had been taken from us when we valet parked and reached the room at the same time we did. The room was wonderful, large for a city hotel and with a wonderful view of the city and Alcatraz. Room service food was excellent although a little expensive. We never used the resturants in the hotel but they were always busy. I had a massage at the spa and it was wonderful, one of the best massages I've ever had. All the staff were very friendly and we never experienced any problems. This is one of the most memorable hotels I've stayed at in a long time.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pack83
<Content>So-So Hotel The hotel itself is fine, with decent rooms and a convenient location. However, we found the staff to be very unhelpful. When we asked the conceirge a question about nearby attractions, we were handed a map and given no other advice. We had called a month prior to our trip to make a few requests, upon arrival we had to make all of these requests over again. They tried to cram us into a tiny double room, instead of the King Room that we had booked. Booked through Priceline for a good deal, otherwise wouldn't choose the hotel again.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	2	5	

<Author>GoodVedderBest
<Content>Great Stay! Took a chance on Hotwire and ended up staying at this Hilton April 18-19. We found it to be a nice place, and everything was in good working order. Our bed was very comfortable and was fitted with nice linens. Our view from the 21st floor was fabulous. We were right in line with Coit Tower and could easily see Alcatraz out in the bay and Marin to the north. Chinatown is pretty much directly across Kearny St.. A short walk to Jackson street will take you to a great meal at Hunan Homes. The checkout process is a breeze over the phone, and it took less than a minute. I would definitely recommend this place.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>herculepoirot
<Content>Great rooms and the best views in SF This hotel is a true hidden gem. Bay views, comfortable rooms and fresh air to boot! Loved it!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LUVtheNW
<Content>Great View!       View to the Left  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Tuto
<Content>Great location, views We recently stayed at this Hilton on Kearny St. (3/23/07). It has recently been remodeled and looks beautiful, very modern and super clean. This hotel is actually closer to Chinatown than it is to the Financial District. It is a great location - close to North Beach, Union Square and Chinatown. We stayed on the seventeeth floor. Our room (1717) had a great view of the bay, Coit tower and the St. Peter  Paul Church Spires. It was a little pricier but so worht it if you are into views.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>Pumula
<Content>Newly Renovated Modern Hotel Good location for downtown meetings. Lots of interesting neighborhoods to wander thru. I was told the hotel is only a year old, totally renovated, and it shows. Everything is clean and new. Very modern design. My only complaint would be the noise from the big windows, also, pull down shades instead of curtains allow light in around the side which is a problem for people like me who can only sleep in complete darkness, luckily the beds are great so you can try to get a good nights sleep. Free wireless internet.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Enginerd73
<Content>Nice place - Bad Shower The Hilton in the Financial District was a great deal at $189 a night. The room was clean and well appointed. The breakfast was excellent. I was here for a conference, and the catering was also very good. If I were coming back for a personal visit, I would definitely consider this hotel, especially since it has a Spa in the building. The only downside was the shower. I am 6'1, and the shower head was at my neck Very annoying. I was assured by the staff that they are in the process of retrofitting all of the rooms. I have to wonder why they are at that height in the first place.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cornwallmike
<Content>Excellent value- great location. First time in Sanfranciso caught the Bart train from the Airport into Powell St Station. Hilton a short walk away but perfectly safe despite having 2 rollersuitcaes.Hilton is ideally situated close to Union Square where all the main prestiguous shops can be found. Similarly the cable car is close at hand to take you to Fishermans Wharf or China Town. One tip buy an all day ticket far cheaper than individual journeys.The Hilton was perfectly adequate for our needs we were stopping over for two nights prior to flying on to Auckland. We spent such little time in the hotel the fact we had a city facing room was of no consequence. A must is a visit to the restaurant on the 27th Floor not necessarily to eat but to witness the panoramic views it offers.A lot of beggars do seem to pass the front of the Hilton and will approach you - we used the simple expedient of speaking Welsh to them and they soon moved on.If visitng Sanfrancisco again we would certainly stay at the Hilton it's rates were sensible ,room more than adequate and it's geographic position ideal.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cheechako2
<Content>Location, location, location The best thing about this hotel is that it sits at the junction of the financial district, North Beach, and Chinatown. It's very convenient to attend meetings during the day and then walk to good restaurants, cafes and nightspots. The Transamerica Tower is one block away. The air is perfumed with ginger, garlic, and exotic herbs all day long. In the morning the neighboring park is filled with seniors doing Tai Chi. And the Chinese economic wonder has flowed into this neighborhood: the energy is exciting and palpable. It is so much more interesting than, say, one of the large hotels that's too close to the tendrloin.Be sure to ask for a Bay view: you will have wide windows looking at Coit Tower on Telegraph Hill as well as the Cathedrals down Columbus, and neon on Broadway. If you pay more, the higher floors include Alcatraz and Sausalito in the picture. Avoid the City View at all costs - unless you enjoy staring into office rooms.I recently stayed here for the first time since it was converted from the Chinatown Holiday Inn. The prices went up about 30%, but the rooms didn't get any bigger. They completely remodeled, so the furniture is new and the beds are excellent. The towels were luxurious.Unfortunately, Hilton replaced the large closets with small wardrobes. Then they put a chest of drawers inside the wardrobe. Then they topped the drawers with a room safe. So, unless you are a child, you will have room for one jacket to hang. Your remaining clothing will have about 24 inches to fit in - the bottom of them piling on top of the chest-high safe. Their architect really failed here. I don't know what they were thinking.The new furniture looks nice, but it crowded my room - making it feel a little cramped. The large work surface is great for business, but it blocks a portion of the view. I really preferred the Holiday Inn's idea of easy chairs and a coffee table aimed directly down the view plane.The health club is well equipped. But you have to change in your room, as there are no lockers. You may want to pack a robe, as none are provided. I think the pool is gone. There had been one on the rooftop which had a most surreal setting: halfway up the side and in the giant shadow of the Transamerica Tower. I miss that, if only for the photo opportunity!The staff were friendly and very accommodating. The high speed Internet access was excellent. I'll be coming back for business.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>4	2	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>LAGuy88
<Content>Good location, but noisy. I am currently staying at this hotel, and the room is clean and has apparently been through a renovation and is well appointed. Neverthless, you can clearly hear the noise from the street as the big window offers sub-par noise isolation. Being in the downtown area of SF, at night it does interferes with sleep, at least for me. The location is great. Concierge lounge is so, so.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Traveling_Lady_2004
<Content>Four Star Hotel in the Heart of Chinatown/Financial District The Hilton Financial District delivered for me! This hotel was a Holiday Inn and has now been remodeled completely. I was told the Hilton is one year old at this location. Everyone made me feel welcome, from the lady who checked me in to the bellman who remembered my name. I was upgraded to a beautiful room on the 21st floor with a great view of the bay and Coit Towers. The bed was very comfortable, I especially like the pillows. ( I normally take my pillow with me because I do not like hotel pillows). The lady in the executive lounge Lisa, (I think this is her name) was so helpful, she aswered any questions I had about the hotel. The conceriege(sp) in the lobby was also very friendly, she made me feel very welcome to the hotel and that she was there to help me. She made suggestion about tours, etc. I did not need a tour as I have been to SF many times, but have not stayed in this area before. The staff seem proud of the hotel. The only small negative was when I went to take a bath, there were no face or bath towels. I called and that problem was taken care of shortly.The location is near China town(less than a block). If you want to go to the Fisherman's Wharf area, there is a # 15 bus that will take you there for $1.50 correct change.If you like to walk you can get to the North Beach area, and even downtown. Overall this was a very positive experience.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>TravellingMan1999
<Content>What you really need to know about this hotel...       Nice  spacious  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>getreadygo
<Content>Great room, great location! What a great place to stay! We went through Hilton's website and booked a room for $103/night. For this rate we did have to pay up front and would lose it if we cancelled, but that wasn't a problem for us. The room was wonderful. The bed was so heavenly I wanted to stay in bed all day. We were on the 7th floor facing south. We did not hear the bottles breaking, but you will hear gargage trucks in the early morning. We were up before school began so I actually enjoyed watching the children on the outside roof.I loved the location. Right next to Chinatown for dim sum and the best chinese ever (House of Nan King) and North Beach for coffee, Italian food and Beach Blanket Babylon. If you like to walk, you can even walk to Fisherman's Wharf. Union Square is an easy walking distance as well. We even walked to Yank Sing for dim sum. The best I have ever had and the most expensive, but it is worth it!! I will definitely go back to the HIlton when visiting SF. I will probably be running across the street and down a block to Nan King first thing!-kwChicago, IL  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>aphroduckie
<Content>Good hotel for the money We stayed at this hotel over the Thanksgiving holiday weekend. The location was ideal as it it close to everything. The #15 bus stops 1/2 block from the hotel and the MUNI system in San Fran is so easy to use. Got this thru priceline for $85 a night. Although I requested a high floor, i only got to the 12th floor. Be prepared for SMALL rooms and TINY beds. This was my biggest disappointment. I also had NO flat panel TV in my room. But I have heard that if you book thru priceline, you don't get such a good room as if you had gone thru the hotel directly. But I saved over $115 so that was worth it for me. Definitely visit Mama's Restaurant for Breakfast, Pinocchio for Italian in North beach, Mara's for the best cannoli's and Ghirardelli square for awesome chocolate. Staff was very friendly and eager to please. Esp the concierge Eric and the bell staff. Always available to give directions on where you wanted to go. Don't forget the shopping on Market Street. Good deals at Armani Exchange and AE outfitters. Above all, have a great time. San Fran is a great walking city. So wear very comfortable shoes!!!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>3	4	1	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>sassygirl3
<Content>Great View of Coit Tower and Alkatraz Weekend retreat at the Hilton was just what the doctor ordered. Stayed on the 25th floor with a Bay View... The hotel was very clean, beds were super. The staff was very nice. From the maids to the bellmen. Received an early check-in... front desk asst. manager was very nice - Thank you!!Our room had an incredible view of Coit tower and Alkatraz Island in the background. We we able to walk to Union Square via Chinatown...right down Grant. Fun! Walked to dinner in North Beach. Thank you to everyone at the Hitlon - great job!!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>levels
<Content>Excellent Hotel This hotel is fantastic. The accomondations are beautiful, the bedding is like sleeping on a cloud. Had a beautiful view of Coit Tower. This hotel is located in Chinatown, and is walkable to Fisherman's Warf. This is a hotel that I plan on returning to.The bathroom is small but very nice. The only downside is the shower would be difficult for a very tall person. But the room is very nice. The lobby is beautiful. The staff were very professional and accomodating.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mimi-chan
<Content>A nice surprise When I got this hotel thru Priceline I wasn't sure if I'd like it or not--I hadn't heard about this hotel at all before. It stands right at the heart of Chinatown (not the new one with lots of great restaurants, it's the touristy Chinatown that is pretty much for non-Chinese visitors). I could walk to the waterfront, the Embarcadero Center, major shopping centers, etc., so I was quite happy with the location. Polite staff, a decent-sized room, and newly refurbished feel contributed to my above average rating of this hotel, even though as other reviewers wrote, it's a huge hotel and you tend to feel anonymous in it. I knew what to do in SF (shopping!) so the general no-frills feel was fine with me. Overall, I was quite nicely surprised by this hotel. I've seen many other Hiltons that disappointed me (ones under construction) but this one was rather good.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>JusticeSalmon
<Content>Nice stay but a little noisy       The main part of the room  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Sourpower
<Content>Great Location, great room, great service Just spent 2 nights in SF at the Hilton in the financial district. The room was beautiful and the view spectacular. We walked all over from there, to the warf and even ghirardelli square. When we wanted to travel further than that we found several modes of public transportation all within easy walking distance. We did not have an issue with excessive noise, however, it is the city and you can hear traffic. That's just the way it is! Staff was VERY friendly and went out of their way to make sure we had everything we needed. A great place to stay in SF.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pinsey
<Content>Nice Stay Purchased on Priceline for $80.00 (Thurs-Sat) This hotel was previously a Holiday inn. They have done a nice remodel. Watch out for room 25 on each floor. Very small window. This hotel is directly across the street from Chinatown which was fun.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>zeemo
<Content>Great Place to stay Stayed here for 3 nights....loved it. Great views over SF, nice and friendly staff. Close to Chinatown, a short walk to the Pier and a 10 minute walk to Union Square too!Rooms are nice a new. Had no problem with noise at all. Yes you hear a bit of city noises, but that all adds to the expierence of staying in the middle of SF.Would recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Digest
<Content>Find another hotel! I travel often, this hotel was a Holiday Inn with a cheap minimal renovation. You can hear traffic from the 18th floor. The staff was friendly, but you cannot sleep. Pipes can be heard throughout and the area is nasty. Walls are paper thin and the windows are not insulated. This place should be 100 bucks a night. Cut my trip short and will never go back. No discount given for the problems. It seems to get a nice room in S.F. you need to spend over $400. per night, the city has very few nice hotel rooms.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Tpolisher
<Content>Loved the Hilton!! I booked this room through Priceline, but we loved this hotel so much that I would probably pay the internet rate! Loved the location of the hotel, close to China Town, North Beach and within walking distance of Union Square (but away from the congestion of Union Square!) We did not have a problem with the street noise as some reviewers mentioned. The room had plenty of lighting and the wall to wall windows allowed us a great view of the city. The rooms are well appointed , with very comfortable beds, tasteful contemporary decor and more than adequate storage. Although the bathroom was small, it was more than adequate with black granite counter tops, nice thick towels and Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries.The only downside to this hotel is that the elevators are slow.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>name_screen
<Content>Average Hilton Stay This is an average Hilton hotel. The rooms are well appointed, comfortable beds, nice towels and bath. The fitness center has nice cardio equipment with built-in televisions. The walls are thin and the doors tend to slam (my room door stuck a lot and required a good shove to open and close). If you have access to the concierge lounge, it's less than average for cocktail hour and breakfast. The check-out process was challenging, obtaining a print out of my bill was met with raised eyebrows (most hotels slip a copy under your door for speedy check-out), and I was told rather off-hand that I could have used the Zip-in Check-in machine to check-out. The Zip-in machine only says it's for check-in, but the front desk says you can use it for both. You may want to try this option to avoid the front desk. The hotel is a short walking distance on edge of Finance district, in the Chinatown area. Overall, it's an average hilton with a few annoyances, but you will likely enjoy your stay.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	2	2	2	

<Author>kbh123
<Content>Stay Away Don't be fooled by the low internet rates and the comestic transformation of a Holiday Inn into a Hilton. Issues: 1) windows provide no insulation from heavy traffic and screaming drunks that pour from the sleazy bars surrounding the hotel; 2) paper thin walls means that you will be awaken at 3AM by tandruffs and flights coming from adjacent rooms and corridors (do not expect any assistance from the front desk); 3) sleazy area in the middle of Chinatown not in the Financial District; 4) rude staff with an attitude that belongs at the Four Seasons or Mandarin Oriental and not in a mid-priced hotel. For $20 more you can stay at any of the boutique hotels around Union Square that provide not only a better location but a much friendlier welcoming.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	1	4	3	1	4	

<Author>mccaffrey4
<Content>Location, Location, Location!       room after unpacking  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	1	

<Author>Tejas1
<Content>Hilton Financial District is a winner When we first walked up to the Hilton Financial District hotel at street level, I admit that I was put off by the appearance of this rather drab looking high rise building. But, the minute we entered the lovely oasis of the hotel lobby and saw the gorgeous, minimalist orchid arrangements lining the Asian-inspired entry, we knew that we had made a fine choice. The rooms are spacious and tastefully appointed -- with cozy, luxe beds that are so wonderful after a day of pounding the pavement as a tourist.The Chinatown location means that you are in very close promixity to excellent dining (all within a 5 minute walk). Try Brandy Ho's on Columbus for their good value lunch, City View Restaurant on Commercial for dim sum, and RG Lounge on Kearny (across the street) for a convenient dinner.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>esheng
<Content>Great rooms, convenient location Loved this hotel. The room was new, stylish, with a great view of the Coit tower. The bed was very comfortable as well - I probably slept better than I do at home. Had no problem with check-in or check-out. I heard parking was expensive so we parked at the parking lot across the street for $26/night. Breakfast was nice and a notch above your usual hotel fare. Overall, was very pleased with our stay and it was a great deal on Priceline!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>HuskerFaithful
<Content>Wow! Very nice rooms and a great location. Like the last reviewer, my wife and I booked our room through Priceline for $70-75 a night and luckily got the Hilton Financial District Hotel. I was immediately impressed with our room, seeing the flat screen TV sitting on the desk that extended wall to wall in front of the window that offered a great view to the North. I love the beds at Hilton's as well. This location is very handy to Chinatown (a block or two up the street is the main drag). The TransAmerica Pyramid is practically next door to the East. Coit Tower is an easy walk up some seriously step sidewalks. North Beach is close by as well. Great location, great rooms, a nice hotel bar area, and friendly staff make the Hilton a great place to stay. I would love to stay there again. The parking comes to $47 a day. Just a little side note. But if you get your room through Priceline, who cares about the parking.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>spinner3
<Content>Wonderful Surprise at the HIlton!!!       The comfy bed  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>tooley
<Content>no problems-great location We stayed at the Hilton only one night but were very pleased with the room. The location was good and we even found street parking directly across from the entrance. It was free compared to $40plus. There is also a $28. garage but the street was safe and had no problems. We were there on a Sat. night. Fri. nights you can't park on the street in the middle of the night(maybe street cleaning, not sure). We got the room off Priceline for $75. plus tax and they did not treat us any different. We asked for a renovated room--no problem. It was small and the bathroom is little but the comfort of the bed and having everything you need made it a non-issue. For that rate I would recommend Hilton and we will go back!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>Girloadventure
<Content>Weird, hit or miss experience We really wanted to love this hotel: it is a gorgeous facility, renovated in a hot, happening style and in a great location but there were some real problems:As we pulled up, we couldn't get into the valet driveway as a number of bellmen were busy playing (i.e. dancing, goofing with each other and talking), blocking the entrance. We eventually found an underground lot to park ourselves. Cost: about $50 a night. When we checked in and got to our room, it had not been cleaned. The bed was unmade and it looked like someone had just left -- radio on, trash in the floor, etc. We were promptly sent to another room where, as we took a quick power nap, someone else walked in (they had checked in and been assigned our room and their key let them in as we slept -- yikes!)When my husband called to complain, the front desk person started acting like they could not hear him as he tried to explain the trouble. Then they hung up on him. Nice, eh?Finally, we were assured that all was well. After a FABULOUS dinner in the hotel restaurant (our waiter was the best ever. He steered us to the best entrees and made sure we had dessert on the house), we collapsed in our room only to be awakened by a thunderous noise from the pipes in the bathroom at Midnight. The noise continued and after we (and others nearby) complained, we were switched to yet another room where we could still hear the noise but at least it didn't vibrate the floor of our room anymore (the staff thought there was a problem with a regulator in the pipes). By this time, it was close to 1 am and we had a morning departure ahead.Then when we tried to check out and head to the airport in the morning, the elevators were not working. We had 3 heavy bags (couldn't carry wine on the plane due to new FAA rules so we'd packed some bottles) and were on the 27th floor. After a while, the elevators finally came back and we scrambled to make our flight.The hotel is lovely. Two of the three rooms we were assigned had a gorgeous Bay view. Restaurant staff were great. But there are certainly some management and maintenance issues. At the end, I wished we could get the Hilton points we'd spent back.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SKrav
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location Excellent location (across the street from Chinatown, 15-20 minute walk from Fisherman's Wharf and Union Square, practically next door to the Transamerica building, down the street from Francis F. Coppola's studio and 5 minute walk to North Beach - SF's Little Italy); extremely spacious and clean rooms; nice exercise room and very curteous staff.I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>micahtran
<Content>One bad apple almost spoiled the rating. All but one staffperson were incridelby helpful and courteous (back to this later). Hotel is conveniently located next to Chinatown and walking distance to Union Square, Embarcadero, and the California Cable Car Line. Newly rennovated; room and bath spotless. Nice selection at coffee bar and hotel bar in the lobby. Sleek minimal design...yet family friendly. We got a great rate for 4 rooms for 2 nights through Priceline. Every staffperson we've encountered from the valet guys to housekeeping to front desk (except for one) were courteous and professional...even nice. The older frontdesk guy (40s maybe 50s, thin with a moustache) that checked us in smirked after he found our reservations when I asked if two of the rooms could be on the same floor since my kids are staying with us. (This is around 2:30 p.m.) He started scribbling something and looked at me and smirked. Asked me to initial the paper which turned out to be my room reservation with the price crossed out (because I booked through priceline which I could care less what they paid because I got a great deal.) I asked for two rooms to be on the same floor again and told him I would be happy to come back if two rooms on the same floor was not avail. now but avail. later. He said no, didn't bother checking, gave me my keys and said this is all we had available. I took the keys, took the family out for late lunch, came back at around 4 p.m. and double checked with a frontdesk person to see if we could get two of the rooms on the same floor. The woman that helped us said sorry for the delay as she checked. She placed three of our rooms on the same floor without any problem. Tip. Rooms facing the Coit Tower are quieter that the other side. Overall, one snotty staffperson in a nicely remodeled hotel with generally great customer service.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>AJSG
<Content>Pleasant Stay We had a pleasant stay. The hotel is nice and clean with renovated rooms. It is more in Chinatown than in the financial district but that is not a problem as a two or three block walk will put you in the action of Union Square. i am not giving the hotel a better rating because I paid for an executive room that included continental breakfast and hors d'oeuvres and soft drinks in the evening. Upon my arrival to the executive lounge there was a sign that they closed on Fridays and Saturday evenings. The front desk was not sympathetic at all.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sunshine1979
<Content>Good place to stay.....I would recommend it We booked the hotel through Expedia.Though a bit pricey I felt it was worth it. The beds are very comfortable. We had forgotten to get toothbrushes and the hotel promptly sent it.The staff is friendly though they didnot give us a room with a view. Ours faced an alley next to the hotel.The Hispanic girl said we should have booked directly through them and they would have given us a room with a view.I didnt know what the big deal was since we came on a weekend and not many people were staying in the hotel.The hotel is not located in the best part of the financial district.On weekends the streets are quite empty. There is a bus right next to the hotel to go to Fishermans Wharf.It is 3 blocks away from the China Gate and walking distance from Union Square.We had the most amazing breakfast at the Chinese restaurant next to the hotel.Quite good and inexpensive. Overall we had a great time in San Fran and would recommend this hotel to others.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>chebby
<Content>big is beautiful we stayed at the hilton on 4th july for 4 nights. grand lobby and excellent central location, espcially for shopping. the harbour area is a $12 taxi ride. book direct with hilton for the best rates available. we payed an advance rate where we payed the full amount 6 months in advance, but that got us a room on the executive floor with access to the top floor lounge for drinks, breakfast and a great view - about 拢110 per night. worth paying the extra and the buffet breakfast is really very good. we were originally given a room in the newest part of the hotel - two double rooms with a balcony and view of the bay. fantastic, but not great for 4 people. if you're travelling with the family, suggest you ask for a suite in the older part of the hotel. considered less attractive for business travellers, but our room was ideal for the familiy. the pool is situated on one of the upper floors on one of the towers...nothing special, it;s adjacent to what looks like the original part of the hotel, so not quite in keeping with the overall look and feel of the hotel, with is quite lush and luxurious. apart from that very comfortable sun beds and the pool was clean and excellent for children. we had breakfast on one morning in the main rest. - nothing special but at around $13 quite good value. for a totally difference experience, the indian rest across the road is the cheapest and probably one of the best meals you will have on a budget.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Ettien
<Content>Nice place, nice price, nice location Situed in a very nice location, not too far from Union square, California Street. Few blocks to the Embarcadero and Coit tower... and is also near if you want to walk to Pier 39.Very clean and the service is great. Only default, NO POOL on high floor.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>johnscookie
<Content>Nice Amenities, Location We are frequent travelers to San Francisco for a 2-3 day quick getaway. Normally I book a room through Pricelines bidding process and end up with the Hyatt Regency on the Embarcadero. This trip we got the supposedly 4 star Hilton in the Financial District. Like many other reviewers, we liked the decor of the room. And also loved the Crabtree and Evelyn shampoos. The bed was comfortable with nice linens as you would expect in a 4 star hotel, but I felt the room was small. The window wall had a 3 ft wide desk (with only one chair) that made it sorta uncomfortable to look out at the street. You had to lean up against it to look out. Not a big deal but I like having a table with chairs near the window so you can order room service and sit and enjoy. We had to eat our champagne brunch on the bed which was uncomfortable. My biggest complaint about the hotel is the way they treat you if you buy through Priceline. They denied having a king sized bed for us even though I called early on to request one. The reception person said they only had smoking rooms with king. Even though I felt they were ruining our romantic weekend I accepted the 2 double room. It was miniature and not what I would expect from a 4 star hotel, no matter what price you pay. I requested to see the king size smoking room and it smelled very strong of smoke. At this point I asked to speak with the manager and asked her if she could help us out. She put us in a normal room with a king size bed and a nice view of coit tower, alcatraz..etc. I expressed to her we felt punished because we bought on priceline. She said they used priceline because they wanted people to come and stay again, that it was a way to get the word out about the hotel. I told her that giving the worst rooms to priceline buyers was completely defeating the purpose because they would get bad reviews. She was very nice and polite and we appreciated the view room. I also must mention that the street noise even at the 22nd floor was VERY LOUD. Apparently they did not upgrade the windows when they converted this hotel from a Holiday Inn to a Hilton. We did not have a restful sleep. It was crazy the amount of noise...Kells bar was right across the way. 2am was the worst noise.  We did like the location near Chinatown. We never took a cab once. You can walk to North Beach too. We used the cable car to get down to the Ferry Building and have dim sum at Yank Sing. YUM! That place is awesome. Overall a nice weekend, with a few inconveniences. Not much can ruin San Francisco though!!!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>susanned
<Content>Great everything Our family stayed in 2 rooms for 2 nights.The service was lovely (when we needed a toothbrush in the middle of the night it arrived within 10 minutes), the rooms wonderful (such beds! we didn't want to get up), the view through the large windows were spectacular, the location perfect (next to Chinatown, walking distance to many sights, convenient for walking) and Eric the concierge is great. The only thing we missed was a small fridge in the room.We very much recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>IP_Travelers
<Content>Very Nice Rooms We only spent 1 night at this hotel but it was memorable.The room had a great view of Coit Tower, the bed was very comfortable, the furniture was very nice, the towels were great, etc.Parking is $42/day + tax but heh, it's San Francisco.We will stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>runnergrl
<Content>Nice hotel- quite loud at night The hotel itself is quite nice- the lobby is lovely, the rooms are clean and new and have very comfortable beds. The gym is also brand new and is fully stocked with new equiptment. It too is spotless.The location was great for us, we walked everywhere, although we were in bed early. It was easy to get around, but we did have problems finding a place for a quick inexpensive breakfast.The only problem with this hotel is that around 2 in the morning it got very very loud. Either there was a party both nights, or the bars were letting out- it was like the people were inside our room. We put the AC on to try to drown out the noise. This alone would make me hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>southbreeze
<Content>Much more than expected!!! The newly renovated room is chic; the room has free Crabtree  Evelyn products (shampoo, rinse, etc.) and the bedding was very comfortable. Even the restaurant food is much better than what you'd expect from a hotel restaurant. When we went they had live vocal Jazz at the bar which set the right ambience. And very friendly service!!! The building itself looks quite run down from the outside but you'll be amazed at how new and comfortable it is inside.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Doraemon79
<Content>Great Stay!       My Room Face Directly @ Coit Tower  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>brokerchick
<Content>Great Experience We enjoyed a Saturday night stay and had a wonderful experience. Nice lobby. The clerk at check in was friendly and efficient and went to the effort of searching for the room upgrade we asked for. Our room looked dead-on at Coit Tower with partial bay views. Room was extremely clean and decent-sized although the bathroom was small. Furnishings and decor appeared to be in excellent condition, not worn out or tired looking at all. Noise in other rooms and the hallways was pretty much non-existent (although there was some construction going on next door that resulted in a generator going off at 6am on Sunday morning!). Sunday morning we had an awesome breakfast in the hotel restaurant - fairly reasonable at $35 for 2. I would definitely recommend this hotel for either a business or a leisure traveler, although simply due to the relatively small size of a standard room it probably wouldn't be the ideal hotel for any longer than a couple of nights.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bruce_santarosa
<Content>mixed review The good:1. Friendly staff at check-in2. nice view of Telegraph Hill, and Washington Square area and Coit Tower3. It's newly redone.4. Good valet service and very friendly and polite.5. A great king bed and v. good llinens. Good towels in the bathroom.6. Free wi-fi in the lobby area. Works good too. 7. New, fast, elevators. One slight catch is that you have to swipe your room keycard before you push the floor button or it doesn't accept your push. The price of 9/11.The Bad:1. Noisy outside. Drunks all over the place when the bars close.2. Five in the afternoon and unable to get clean towels. They ran out(??)3. Generally overpriced. Want to spend $35 on breakfast?The Ugly:1. Parking will be about $100 for two nights (we're still here as I write this). SF is always expensive, but this is out of line. In summary:I got this room for $90 on Priceline. Good deal for that price. If I had paid rack rate or anything like it, I'd really be sore. This is a made over Holiday Inn, and looks like it. The rooms are furnished with IKEA-level stuff. Nice for a young person's apartment, but not for a 4 star hotel. Popcorn (acuostical) ceiling -- they just couldn't spend the $$ to take this out and it looks really dated and ugly. We had stayed here when it was a Hol. Inn, and that's about the level of hotel it still is--only more expensive. Interesting, Hilton is trying to lose the Chinatown identification. Was the Holiday Inn Chinatown -- now the Hilton Financial District. Never mind that all the businesses outsite the hotel have their sineage in Chinese. This place only makes sense at under $100 and it's a good value for that.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Grat lobby, Nice Rooms I liked location, I liked the room, I had problems with the door key that they weren't able to fix and wouldn't give me an upgrade. Other than that it was fine.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ParisinJuly
<Content>Nice Hotel, great service Just got back from weekend in San Francisco, got a great Priceline rate for the Hilton FD ($90/n). Hotel is clean, modern, and staff was always friendly and helpful. Rooms were very comfy with thick fluffy towels, nice linens, good bath products, unforunately Priceline rate doesn't warrant a view room. The spa was great. Location isn't bad, about 8 blocks to Union Square and close to North Beach, Nob Hill. Would definitely recommend.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My stay was wonderful! Great location and the views... I stayed at the new hilton financial district and had a great time, the rooms were completely brand new and stylish at that. Wonderful views, ours was a city view (saved a few bucks), but still - what a beautiful city! We were able to see what the bay view side has to offer (just go down the stairwell, there is a little outpost with a beautiful open air view). You can see Alcatraz and accross the bay to the north as well as the most awesome Coit tower view!Service could not have been better - from the helpful bellmen to the housekeeping staff; everyone was pleasant and accomodating of every need. I will certainly stay here again - next time I'll upgrade to the bayview!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MNsota
<Content>An Average Hotel- Except for View Despite some of the reviews on this site, this is a thoroughly average hotel. It has received a light makeover from its past life as a Holiday Inn, but isn't at the level of the Pan Pacific or Omni. The only distinguishing thing for this hotel is the view from the side that faces Coit Tower.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>kolowalu
<Content>A Great Option to Union Square Hotels I spent six nights at the Hilton and from check-in to check-out everything went smoothly. The room was nicely furnished, spacious, and quiet. The bed was comfortable with a surplus of large pillows to select from. The window opened just a crack so fresh air could be let in. My view from the 18th floor was overlooking Chinatown so it wasn't anything special. After reading the other reviews I will ask for a room on the opposite side next time I stay there. The restaurant and lounge are pleasant spots to enjoy a meal or drink. All of the servers I encountered were well trained, courteous, and efficient. The only downside I experienced was the showerhead in the bathroom is so low that I had to bend way over to get water on my head, neck, and shoulders. I am only 6'2 but I bumped my head on the shower curtain rod when stepping into the shower, and when I raised the shower head above my neck water sprayed over the shower curtain and onto the floor making it quite slippery. An NBA team would not be happy with the room showers.I loved the location as everything was within walking distance--Union Square, Chinatown, Embarcadero, and Fisherman's Wharf. It took me just 20 minutes to walk to ATT Park to enjoy a Giants baseball game. Hilton has done an excellent job of bringing this former Holiday Inn into the category of a luxury hotel.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LoveMinus0
<Content>WOW! Hilton reborn! Exquisite hotel Wow, where do I start?We arrived to the Hilton Financial District and were immediately cringing at the industrial look and bland exterior of the Hilton. so much for first impressions!We walked into a pleasant lobby with few bells and whistles but a VERY effecient staff. I work for a 4 star resort in Carmel, CA and I know when a hotel staff hates their job. This staff seemed very happy and professional.so far, nothing great. Then we hit the room! What a GEM! The rooms were obviously recently remodeled and were very nice. But the physical characteristics of the room was not the star...that belonged to the view!A beautiful, stunning view was waiting for us when we opened the blinds.Picture this. A view of Chinatown to your extreme left. Alcatraz to your middle left. Coit Tower in the middle. The San Francisco Bay to your right and Treasure Island to your extreme right. By far, the greatest view I've ever had in my numerous trips to SF. I have thought about that view at least ten times a day since leaving. You must ask for a higher floor when staying. It's essential!From that point on, our trip and our hotel stay were a dream. The amazing king bed with a featherbed mattress was to die for! These beds rival the Ritz Carlton in Half Moon Bay and Quail Lodge in Carmel (routinely known as the best beds in the area)! Room service was fast and effecient, plus the food quality was above average. All requests to the front desk were fulfilled promptly and swiftly. Now, you may be wondering why I would give the hotel 4 stars after an obvious 5 star review. Well, like all hotels in SF, the Hilton institutes a ridiculously overpriced parking fee. This time, it was $44 nightly and then there is a $6 parking tax on top of that! That's right folks, $100 for the privilege of parking. Luckily, I got a great deal on the room rate to compensate for this. But until SF hotels change their ways and institute REASONABLE parking charges, I will not give any hotel 5 stars in SF. Upon check-out we did have a minor issue. We were never given a ticket when we handed the car to Valet. We figured it would be sorted by room number. So after we checked out, we were asked for our ticket. When I explained we didn't have one, the valet service was quite rude and said, Oh YOU WERE GIVEN A TICKET!, like I would lie about it LOL. Luckily for this guy, I had already had a wonderful trip and felt it wasn't necessary to engage in a ummm pee pee contest with him (no swearing in reviews). Plus I overheard he had 308 checkouts that day so, all is forgiven!So all in all, stay here! There are too many bad decisions you can make when booking a hotel in SF, go with a sure thing. Plus, it's well below the other hotels in the area in terms of price. What more do you need?Thank you for reading my long winded review.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ELLESSurrey
<Content>Fantastic modern hotel My boyfriend and I stayed here from March 24th - 31st and loved it! The staff were really friendly and gave us a room on the 12th floor with amazing views of Coit tower and the Bay. The decor is modern and the room was spotless. The location was great and in walking distance of downtown. I hope I get the chance to stay here again!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>meyww
<Content>This place is Nice!       View from 22nd floor  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sonix
<Content>Fantastic Hotel With Room For Small Improvements       Window View from 11th Floor  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>d-the-man
<Content>Beware of the 'Hobit Room' and exorbitant valet parking cost       Hobit Room  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hip place away from Tourist Central Great place. Wonderful modern decor, very friendly staff (happily recommended restaurants, etc, to those of us who could get lost in a closet - much less a town like SF). The rooms are spacious, clean, and (though geared to the business traveler) worked fine for our weekend leisurely trip (and the beds were SO comfy!). Great views, and a long desk stretching across the full length of the room near the windows.Given the location, at first we were a little worried about not being within walking distance of Union Square (or the cable cars/Muni), but hey - it's San Francisco. Everything's close. Market Street, Union Square, BART, and North Beach are all just a short distance on foot. You can catch the cable car at California Street...which is even closer. In fact, we found it kind of nice to be out of the uber-touristy area of Union Square proper. We were right on the border of Chinatown, and wound up spending some time in North Beach - a cool area that I had never frequented up until this point.My only complaint is this: the Hilton is one of those hotels that charges you $160 a night for a room...then still wants you to pay them $10 a day to access the internet. Even going to the business center to check your email results in the same charge. I know that a lot of people stay here on business, so I imagine the hotel thinks it can milk a little extra from its guests by allowing them to employ the Oh, the company's paying for it, no big deal mindset...but come on. It's 2006. And it's San Francisco, people! The Google company shuttle stops down the street! Get with the program. Overall, though, a wonderful experience. Would definitely stay there again...(or at least until my new online business takes off, and I need to be close to the internet even when away from home).  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Amsdentraveler
<Content>Long Live this Hotel I stayed at this hotel for a conference at the end of May. It is in a great location but the day after my stay, the hotel was closed for renovations to be opened as a different hotel chain.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfectly located for a 'true' San Francisco experience My wife and I stayed at this property in April of 2004.....our first trip to San Francisco. When looking for a place to stay, we looked at a variety of hotels in different locations (downtown, financial district, wharf, etc.) Although our first instinct was to stay in the Fisherman's Wharf area, we decided on this Holiday Inn in the financial district of the city......right next to the famous TransAmerica Building. We found the hotel to be clean, quiet, and hosted by friendly staff. The roof top pool is neat, but we didn't use it. What we enjoyed most was the convenient location to Chinatown and North Beach (Little Italy).....both were within very easy walks. After a day of business or sightseeing, we would hit the hotel, clean-up and walk around true San Francisco enjoying an evening appetizer, meal, and dessert/coffee at three different (but very good establishments). If you like to get out and see the city this is a great place to stay.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic views Stayed in this hotel a while ago now but could not believe some of the negative views here so wanted to add my own. We stayed here for three nights when we first arrived in San Francisco. The room we had was big and clean - if a little dated in decor. Loved the bar - very 1970's vibe to it. The location is fantastic - right on the edge of Chinatown and the financial district - easy walking to North Beach. The best part however is the roof top pool. The views from here are just breathtaking. We would definitely stay here again if we came to San Fransisco again - really good value for money.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location and felt comfortable and safe I live about 2 hours south of SF and stayed Sat. night with my elderly mom so we could catch the SF ballet matinees - it worked out great. I don't stay at luxury hotels - even Motel 6 is tolerable to me when traveling with my dog so in comparison this felt like a luxury hotel - yeah, the room was bland looking but just look outside for visual stimulation. My room rate was $119 ($135 after tax) and included 24 hours free parking - I felt it was a good value. The parking garage is under the hotel and there was plenty of room to park. The hotel is easy to reach by car. Best part for me was the location - walking distance to Union square, Chinatown and North Beach. We weren't walking around at night so don't know how it feels then but felt perfectly safe during the day and evening - I loved walking up to North Beach Sunday morning. Ate dinner at a Chinese restaurant across the street - Chef Jai, I think - the one right next to the House of Nanking - I read a restaurant review that said the tours go to the House of Nanking because it's bigger but the one next door is just as good. No line, friendly waitress, excellent food, bring cash or traveler's check. The room seemed plenty roomy to me for a short stay - in addition to the 2 double beds, had a desk and chair and dresser, and the bathroom had adequate counter space for 2 ladies. It was clean and everything worked. No view and street noise (sirens) from the 9th floor room but I expected that and brought along ear plugs. The mattress was adequate - I have a bad back and had no problem. Staff at front desk were polite. Housekeeping responsive to request. The pool on the roof (and the view from the roof) was great - had it to myself at 7 am Sunday morning - big enough for exercise swimming - rectangular. I would be happy to return.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Richiewoodhouse
<Content>OK but not great Stopped 3 nights at the end of March 2005. The hotel is located right on the edge of China Town, one block away from the Financial District. The Financial District is very smart whilst this hotel is in the slightly seedy China Town district. I think the hotel would like to think it is in the Financial District but it is not. It is on Kearney Street that also houses a Subway sandwich shop, a chinese supermarket and an adult video store.The staff at the hotel are very helpful except for housekeeping. I asked for extra pillows but was told that there was a shortage so I couldn't have any.The room was quite small but was clean and tidy and had a great view. The roof pool was nice, if a bit cold. There was no changing facilities next to the pool so we had to travel back to the room wet via the lift.All in all, this is not a bad hotel but I do think $32 per night parking is a bit steep.If you go to China Town, eat at the Great Eastern on Washington Street. This was a tip by the Bellboy and was very good and reasonably priced.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RomanticoYcheapo
<Content>Four stars for the price of three! We've stayed her twice for romantic weekends away (we live an hour South). It is the nicest hotel I've ever stayed in! ( but I'm a cheapskate- I won't pay over $150 for a room, ever. But for $75 once, $100 another time it's definitely worth it!) This hotel is easy to spot on last minute hotel anonymous services as it is the ONLY hotel in the area with a SPA. What keeps this from being a 4 star property? A lack of restaurants on-site. But excellent restaurants are within walking distance, and the room service is good, though pricey. Both visits we were given rooms on the North side, facing Nob Hill, with bay views to either side of Coit Tower. Service is excellent. The desk clerk saw that I was with my wife so he made sure to find us a room with a bathtub instead of just a shower. Parking is very expensive - $32 a day on weekends. And don't bring anything taller than a minivan! If the rumors are true that Hilton is taking over, then I'll be disappointed because we won't be able to afford to stay here any more!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chrisd-uk
<Content>Great staff good location adequate property The staff at this hotel was excellent, from doorman, to bell staff, reception, restaurant, chambermaids. The location is good nr chinatown. There is a great chinese restaurant on the top floor of the building opposite, overlooking the square, which you should definitely visit.The rooms are old holiday inn standard, but they are clean and well maintained - this is not a romantic room though by any standards. You will not be shipping champagne in the tub and the lightbulbs are harsh white energy savers unless you are lucky to get one lamp with a nearly burnt out bulb like we were - much softer!plus no minibar :-(Get a bay view high floor (executive floor) as I should think the street noise is bad lower down - it's not great even on level 26.We were allowed to park for 15 mins outside the front door before returning the car to the rental center, and the bellman arranged a great sedan service to take us to the hotel on the last day.To sum up, stay for the location and the service - not the room.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nycgeorgian
<Content>A Perfect Hotel AAAAA+++++       View from Room  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tonyraisins
<Content>Great Location + Value =Good Stay Holiday Inn Select  Spa San Francisco. The location of this typicalHoliday Inn makes it the big plus in San Francisco. Adjacent to Chinatown and 2 blocks to North Beach Italian Neighborhood.Trendy Spa located within hotel. Spacious and clean lobby, with a rather nice if empty cocktail lounge. Convenient Restaurant on 2nd Floor. Interesting Chinese Cultural Center on the 3rd floor, with seasonal exhibits, art, tapestries, Oriental puppetry and Gift Shop. We caught some young students in beautiful silky ethnic clothing, singing and dancing on stage. Outside on the deck, you'll see many locals practicing their Tai Chi. Walk across the limited hour pedestrial bridge and go into Chinatown onto bustling and colorful Grant Avenue. Walk two blocks up Kearney to Columbus Avenue- the heart of North Beach. Francis Ford Coppola's Restaurant on corner of Kearney  Columbus. Historic City Lights bookstore is right nearby. Busy Broadway and wonderful Restaurants all around. Convenient #15 Muni bus stops in front of hotel will take you to Fisherman's Wharf if you choose not to walk. California Street Cable Car is only 3 - 4 blocks from hotel. I suggest this location for the repeat or return visitor to San Francisco, after you've done all the shopping and such in Union Square. This neighborhood is much more pleasant with respect to the terrible terrible terrible homeless problem that Mayor Emeritus Brown fostered. You can walk back to your hotel after a nice Chinese or Italian dinner without being bombarded by dozens of street persons. Nice views, nice pool on roof. Guest rooms are amply spaced and relatively clean. Great view on the Bayview side. Business Center is merely a computer, printer, and calculator- but it's pleasant enough. This Holiday Inn will shortly be undergoing renovation as it converts into a Hilton property.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Laurence Zing
<Content>Reasonable Hotel We stayed here late August 04 for three nights, the views of the bay were fantastic. The roof top pool was the main reason we booked this hotel and it did not disapoint. Views of Alcatraz and the Transamerica building made it very worth while. The room was reasonable and clean, it was not anything special. The bed was fine but order extra pillows!The food was very good if not a little expensive, but this is an expensive busy city. The parking was an added bonus, and the cable car stop was a few blocks away, not too bad in the day but we did feel a little uncomfortable at night!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tute
<Content>Acceptable I chose this hotel since we wanted to be close to Chinatown and it was not affected by the hotel strike/lockout. Much nicer hotels could be had for the same price. The location is great but this hotel has not been updated since the 1970's. The bathroom is very small. The door barely clears the toilet which is flanked by the sink and bathtub. The other problem is that it is a full flight of stairs up from the street (most guests use the $35/day parking garage). It does have good security- you cannot access the guest floor elevators without a room key. I was disappointed by SF Chinatown. It was empty Friday and Saturday nights so was not conducive to much exploring. Stores and restaurants were open but very few people in the streets. It is busy during the day.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2004
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just don't do it! In June 2004, I spent 4 nights in San Francisco. I had booked at the Holiday Inn Financial district, because they were offering the best last minute deal I could find (around $100/ night standard room, $140 executive) and I assumed that a business hotel chain would be reliable. Also, the roof top swimming pool and spa sounded nice. Rooms were described as recently renovated. I upgraded to an executive room, which was supposed to give free access to the business center. The room was spacious, and had a breathtaking view of the bay. The king sized bed was comfortable. But decor was ugly and looked dirty (impossible to tell if it actually was, with a mottled mustard and khaki-ish colour scheme). The bathroom looked like it had not been renovated since the 70's! The tub was stained and had no plug, the shower didn't work properly, the walls around the bathtub/shower were not even tiled, they were plastic. I was reluctant to bathe, frankly. As for the business center, it consisted of a small room with a couple of computers wired to a printer. You could get the key at reception. The roof top pool is minute, but has a great view. And the spa is fully booked weeks ahead anyway. I couldn't wait to get out of there, and only stayed 1 night. I found last minute vacancies at the very pleasant and luxurious Omni nearby, for a similar price to the one I was paying at the Holiday inn, and moved out asap. I believe the property was about to change hands, in which case this review may not be relevant anymore.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Steviemcphail
<Content>Location the best in San Fransisco....... We stayed at the holiday inn from 6-13 nov 2004,the hotel is an average 3 star but the views from the hotel are second to none.If possible ask for a bay view room on a high floor,the views of the bay are breathtaking.The best thing about this hotel is the location,across the road from Portsmouth Square,the heart of Chinatown,a 5 minute walk to North Beach the Italian district and 15 minutes either direction walking to the shopping district of Civic Square and the tourist thoroughfare of Fisherman,s Wharf,definately 10 out of 10 for location.For breakfast i would reccomend the Garden Restaurant outside the hotel,on the left,as breakfast in the hotel is overpriced and poor,similaly if you need a camera film etc the hotel shop is way overpiced so walk across to Chinatown and get your goods in the shops there.We would stay here again but that is down to the location,the best in San Fransisco,rather than the hotel itself...........  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>darrylpmatthews
<Content>Did not experience what other people have! I was booked into another hotel in SF, but decided to change to this hotel based on the reviews on this website. I wish I had'nt bothered.The location was fantastic, 10 min stroll to Downtown SF for excellent shopping/cinema etc......10 min trolley car ride to The Wharf, SF's best chinese restaurant (in my view) just up the road (House of Nanking).The check in staff were rude, abrupt and not at all helpful. The room had a bay-view which was great, BUT - there was a building site directly opposite which started work very early each day. Also we had asked for a high floor, as hotel is on a very busy intersection of roads. We were placed quite low to street which was also noisey - DESPITE being assured by the hotel in numerous e-mails in the weeks leading up to the vacation that we would be placed fairly high up.With a lack of sleep on the first nite we asked to be moved. The front desk were again rude, and not very helpful, offering a room on the other side of the hotel on the same floor!Housekeeping staff were great, keeping the room immaculate and very friendly.I do not like to complain when on holiday, as I am there to enjoy myself and let things wash over me, but - I felt the problems above REALLY soured my stay in the beautiful city of SF. (1st-8th November).  
<Date>Nov 13, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>agent
<Content>Clean Rooms We stayed at Holiday Select for three nights. The location was good. The breakfast was good and fast. The business center was open 24 hours but not real easy to locate. It is on the top floor. I was able to locate it and check e-mail. The hotel is located downtown so I was not surprised to see some homeless in the park across the street - usual for most cities. There were hotel staff outside almost 24 hours and the lighting is good. Overall a good clean place to stay. I would stay at this location again.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MichaelC1968
<Content>Great Views  Standard rooms with great views. We asked for a high floor with bay views and were delighted when we had a good view of Alcatraz Isalnd from our room on the 22nd floor. Further great views can be had from the roof top pool which is perfectly adequate. The rooms are a good size with all the usual facilities and the reception staff were polite and helpful. As with most places in San Francisco parking is expensive. The hotel is within walking distance of China Town and a short taxi or cable car ride to Fishermans Wharf. I chose this hotel for the views and roof top pool more than anything else and was not disappointed.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Bouwf100
<Content>AVERAGE While This Hotel is ok, I am wondering where the big enthusisam from other revierwers comes from. Rooms are in decent shape, but ours did not seem to be newly renovated. There was a big empty place, where a lounge chair was supposed to be (hotel pictures), but when i tried to get one, the man gave the impression as if he would not know what i was talking about and he brought a normal chair. the next morning i then saw these lounge chairs in other rooms that were being cleaned. Our room however did remain without one for the whole stay.nothing wrong with the hotel, but average is the correct description. the location is fine, you can walk to many places. The pool is a plus especially when traveling with kids.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JOS1898
<Content>Not that impressed Considering all the rave reviews listed here I was expecting more than your average hotel. We stayed for 5 nights at the Holiday Inn Downtown and Spa (Sept 5 - 10, 2004). The hotel staff wasn't overly friendly. Not rude but they didn't go out of their way. Upon checkout the customer service agent didn't even ask how our stay was. I guess it is too hard to ask guest where they are from, why they are in town, how they like San Francisco, please come again, etc. The room was small but clean. Nothing fancy. No internet access/computers for guest. I was told there was a Business Centre in the works but if I wanted to check my e-mail I had to walk 7 blocks to Kinkos. For the price we paid I expected more hospitality. However, it seems we paid for the location. Some extra things to mention.What we liked: The hotel is located on the corner of China Town, the Financial district, and North Beach. Easy access to great food!There is a cool rooftop pool. Bring your swim suits and spend a day enjoying the views from here (Coit Tower, TranAmerica, Bay/Ocean). We didn't bring our swimsuits but wished we had.What we didn't like:3 -4 blocks to the nearest Cable Car stop. Most of the main attractions are along the Cable Car routes. The morning walk to the cable car stop was fine. However at night I couldn't walk fast enough to the hotel! Too many shady/homeless people around hotel - especially on Kearny street.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2004
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>strelle
<Content>Best Kept Hotel Secret in San Francisco This is the only place I stay in S.F. the view from the higher floors in any of the rooms-either Sausalito, Alcatraz and Coit Tower, or downtown to the Trans America building- are amazing and a delight -in most instances, you'd be hard pressed to get a million dollar view like this at any of the top dollar hotels on Nob Hill! The rooms are spotless, recently renovated, and the decor rivals far more expensive chains. Staff is helpful, not overly friendly-no complaints there. But the location-at the corner of Chinatown and North Beach a short walk to Union Square, and the Embarcadero, SIMPLY CANNOT BE BEAT!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Royb67
<Content>Absolutely brilliant Visited SF with my parents and couldn't wait to show them the sites. I love San Francisco. After arriving at the Holiday Inn from a great hotel in NY, we did not have high expectations of this hotel. How wrong we were!!We checked in and managed to get great rooms with superb bay views. The rooms were a good size with everything in working order. Staff at check-in were polite and helpful along with the concierge. Took breakfast every day in the hotel which was great value and enjoyed the lounge in the evening. The location is perfect, quiet, but within a 15 minute walk of all the major attractions and 2 blocks from the cable cars. There is a great roof top pool with fantastic bay views.What really makes this hotel stand out is the friendliness of the staff. A big thanks to Liz on checkout, she has customer service down to a fine art. We had the most wonderful housekeeper. Not only did she keep our rooms spotless, she also gave us great advice on Chinese festivals that were taking place that we probably would have missed. She gave us info on how to get around, locations, sightseeing and always had a big smile. Thank-you Mu Zhen.San Francisco is the friendliest city I have ever visited, apart from my home city of course... the staff here are part of that experience. Thank you for a wonderful stay.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location!!! We liked the hotel, the location is great, we didnt pay for a taxi once in our whole stay , just for the transportation to the airport, the hotel is very clean , the staff very helpful. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone who is not looking for the most luxurious hotel , but a good one.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>annethered
<Content>Great week in a great location! Chose this hotel largely because of its location and we weren't disappointed. We didn't want to stay at Fishermans Wharf - too tacky and as it turned out other reviews about the Union Square area proved correct. San Francisco is a fantastic city but they really do need to sort out the problem of the homeless folk - very intimidating especially of an evening. Whereas, from this hotel we were able to wander about Chinatown, down Columbus Avenue for Italian food, up to the main cable car routes and even into Union Square feeling comfortable and safe. Admittedly there's nothing open beyond 6pm in the financial district, but with everything else close by it wasn't a problem.The hotel was bog-standard Holiday Inn but nothing wrong with that - at least we knew exactly what we were geting - which isn't always the case, especially when you are booking into older hotels in NYC etc. Our rooms were in good order and housekeeping did their job admirably and efficiently. On check-in the receptionist was exceptionally helpful securing us our desired adjoining rooms, high up on the 20th floor with a magnificent bay view - can't fault the service. We were more than happy with our choice of hotel, had a great weeks stay and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spectacular- You Couldn't Ask for More! This hotel is truly wonderful. My fiance and I were originally going to stay at the Ramada, until we read the reviews of it on tripadvisor. Somehow I stumbled upon a website which mentioned the Holiday Inn Select and Spa. It does seem too good to be true, but it is that great! It has a very good location. My fiance and I were able to walk to Chinatown and Little Italy (both were just 2 or 3 blocks away). The staff was really friendly and helpful with directions. We spent about 150 dollars (including tax) for our Executive Room on the 25th floor. We paid about 15 dollars extra to get our room, but it was worth price. We had plush robes, free breakfast (which cost other guest about 11 dollars, though it really isn't worth it to eat in the hotel when you have fabulous ethnic restaurants nearby), access to an office with internet connection and most importantly a great view of Little Italy, the Bay and Alcatraz. The room was spacious with a desk, comfy oversized chair with Ottoman and king sized bed. Everything looked very modern and clean. The only problem we had, which is quite small, is that we had to call a few times to get extra pillows, and when we got ours one was the wrong type (you can get a feather, foam, or no snore pillow). And one other thing was that when we were checking out on our last day it took us about 10 minutes to get into an elevator because they were all so full. The rooftop pool was definitely a plus. I had always wanted to stay at a hotel that had one. The view is great, but it is a bit windy up there. Another extra is that the Chinese Cultural Center is actually located in the hotel! I highly recommend this hotel because of it's great service, price, location and rooms. Enjoy! You will love it.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I left my heart in San Francisco After reviewing your site we chose the Holiday Inn Down Town and Spa , located at 750 Kearny Street.This was much nicer than your reviews gave. The hotel was very easy to get to from San Francisco Airport via the BART train to Montgomery Station and number 15 bus from 2rd and Market to the stop right outside the hotel, saved us $25 per person in shuttle service! Hotel was modern, staff was very friendly, room was cleaned excellently each day and the concierge service was really tourist friendly. Hotel much nicer than photo on your site. Is located near the TransAmerica Triangle building, so try and get a room facing Kearny, rather than one on the back of the hotel (ask for bayview or ocean view).The best part of this hotel stay was that it was close to China town (one block), a 15 minute walk to the wharf (or the 15 bus again) and a ten minute walk to the new ferry building. Trams run from California street straight to the ferry building ( 2 blocks away). 10 Minute walk to Union Square and Powell street. Would highly recommend this hotel for price, location, comfort and friendliness of staff.China town is not a bad area, the Chinese were so friendly, Union Square might have more diamond rated hotels but lots of homeless in the area. We felt very safe in the area of Holiday Inn and Little Italy is just up the road with a lovely Irish Pub to boot!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Standby4321
<Content>Holiday Inn Select Downtown  Sometimes available for significantly less than the HI properties on Columbus near Fisherman's Wharf, this high-rise hotel at the edge of Chinatown and the Financial District provides convenient access to many of the city's great sights. You won't have any problem getting your bearings, since the HI Select is located right next to the Transamerica Tower. If you have the opportunity, we would particularly recommend the 27th Floor rooms with their high ceilings, balconies, robes and access to a small business center with complimentary wireless internet access via one computer with a printer. (This is one of those few hotels in the U.S. where having Priority Club gold status MAY actually get you something if you get the right desk clerk on the right day.)The closest BART/metro station is at Montgomery  Market, an easy seven block walk. (Take Montgomery Street for wider sidewalks and more impressive buildings than you will see walking on Kearny. There is an alleyway on the south side of the hotel that provides easy access to the front door.) It is also a pleasant walk through Chinatown and North Beach to Fisherman's Wharf, though you can catch the California Street cable car line two blocks from the hotel. We prefer the city hotel ambiance of the Holiday Inn Select Downtown  Spa to the two HI Fisherman's Wharf properties. The Bell Captain was an especially noteworthy asset to the place during our visit. Four elevators serve the tower adequately, though there can be small traffic jams during peak hours if any happen to be out of service because they are not oversized. There is direct access to the Chinese Cultural Center from the third floor. Housekeeping and general condition of this hotel were both very good during our visit and PC members receive a $10 value amenity coupon that can be used toward the restaurant, cocktails or an in-room movie. For overall value in San Francisco, we give this property an A and highly recommend it.   
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pebbled
<Content>Love the rooftop pool On the 11th floor, we'd a fabulous view with huge windows..but the view from beside the rooftop pool at sunset was just spectacular!! Don't forget your camera! The rooms fine, clean, functional. The staff were a mixture, concierge super friendly, but one of the desk staff had an attitude, not the attitude you want in a hotel, like she was doing you a favour letting you stay in her hotel. Don't buy anything in the hotel shop, outragous prices and the lady working there didn't even speak or smile. Don't let that put you off though. The hotel is within easy walking distance of shopping, bars, the cable car lines. Good for the price, we paid about 鈧?00 a night for the room which had enough room for 4 people.  
<Date>May 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PabloPicaso
<Content>holiday inn its close to everything. Cab was ~7bucks for 2 from the hotel to most of the attractions. Staff was avg. Our room was small b/c booked through priceline. Did not like the Mattress at all (woke up with achy back each day) got 12th floor...facing chinatown. no complaints about that. rooftop pool was great. I expected it to be heated but was not. If I could I would try to avoid it next time   
<Date>May 13, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jojovino
<Content>Fab Views We stayed at the Holiday Inn for a few days at the end of April, found the staff very helpful and were lucky enough to get a high floor room, so the views of the bay were fantastic. The Lobby Bar was also very pleasant for a drink. The Hotel is in a good location, about 10 minutes walk from Union Square for shopping and about 10 minutes walk from North Beach for some lovely restaurants. Overall a very clean and pleasant hotel.  
<Date>May 5, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>xdogladyx
<Content>Very nice! We loved it! Clean, gorgeous rooms, attentive staff, etc. We couldn't really ask for anything more.  
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nasdaqyc
<Content>Stayed at this one twice during April, nice place! Stayed at the Holiday-Inn location twice during the moth of April. Had relatives visit and went to Disneyland, S.F., Las Vegas during this past month. Stayed in this hotel from April 1-4 and had a great view of S.F. from my room. Close to Chinatown and the other attractions within a short driving distance. Then later stayed one night again at the end of the month so they could get to SFO airport for their departure.Excellent service and very clean with lots of space inside their rooms. Parking is on the expensive side though, but you get in and out pass for being a guest at the hotel so that's nice if you have rented a car during your stay and want to do some driving in the City. Highly recommended if you go to S.F.  
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for a spa break We stayed here for just one night as we had a number of treatments booked at the TruTherapy spa in the lobby of the hotel. The hotel is an ugly concrete block adjacent to the TransAmerica Pyramid and Bank of America Tower. The inside of the hotel is fine, though I wouldn't go as far to say that it's luxurious. I would recommend paying the supplement to get an executive room as we had a great view of the bay and Alcatraz and had breakfast thrown in for free. The real bonus for this hotel though is the spa in the lobby. It's a sleek, modern and relaxing space and the treatments were great. The staff were friendly and put us both at our ease. I finished my spa day swimming in the small roof-top swimming pool as the sun set over the city - perfect! All in all an above average property with some excellent extras and real value for money rates.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RodenbachRuss
<Content>Stay here   showReview(1784370, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Views, Great Location   showReview(1755847, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great rates, great location!   showReview(1742573, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Still a great view from the 11th floor!   showReview(1639528, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best deal in SF   showReview(1627338, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location   showReview(1508243, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Oct 2003   showReview(1433763, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location   showReview(1397938, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great views and roof top pool!   showReview(1376255, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hal9341
<Content>Good value, great location   showReview(970325, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>銇椼們銈€銇°倣
<Content>銉併儯銈ゃ儕銈裤偊銉炽仢銇般伀   showReview(20745177, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Aussen haesslich innen ok aber teuer   showReview(20553557, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>脿 recommander   showReview(16591609, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>hollyMadrid
<Content>No est谩 mal   showReview(14714254, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit wieder   showReview(13196711, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>kann man empfehlen   showReview(13196708, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈偗銈汇偣銇屾姕缇ゃ仹鐪恒倎銇倛銇勩仺銇︺倐绱犳暤銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19167585, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel Hilton grosse d茅ception   showReview(13196701, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>good   showReview(13196710, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(12655686, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bon hotel   showReview(11310127, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Parfait   showReview(11661139, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J' y reviendrai   showReview(11442175, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fonsito
<Content>Muy buen hotel, en el mejor sitio de San Francisco   showReview(7816679, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres confortable, belle vue sur North Beach et sur la Baie   showReview(11395982, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

