<Author>Fandango'ne
<Content>Top quality as expected Having stayed at a Pan Pacific before we were confident in selecting this hotel for our 1 night stop-over. We were not disappointed. Reception staff were v professional and friendly. There is a very large and stylish lobby area with glass lifts.We took a room upgrade under the Singapore airlines scheme. The room was large, the bed was very comfy and the whole room was 'singapore clean'. Nice modern bathroom with separate spacious shower.Breakfast is of epic proportions, with incredible variety (eg 4 types of smoked fish), and seemingly endless choice.Large swimming pool and the whole outdoor are was very attractive. Warning: Drinks at the lobby bar are incredibly expensive!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>happitraveller72
<Content>Pan Pac was great!! Me and my family stayed at the Pan Pacific Singapore near Marina Bay from Dec. 26 to Dec. 30, We immensely enjoyed our stay at this fabulous hotel, the service and the staff were all happy to help and assist in any way they can. Rooms were clean and adequate in size. (The pillows were a bit hard though....my only complain). The buffet breakfast provided with our stay was a feast, juices,bread,congee, salads you name it they have it. Convenient location as you can stroll through Marina Centre Mall, to the Esplanade or Suntec City Mall. You can even walk to the Singapore Flyer as it is just around the corner. Nice glass elevators inside and outside view of the city. Overall, a great stay at a superb hotel!! Keep it up Pan Pac!!!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>JamieKate
<Content>Not deluxe, but great service There are quite a few hotels around the Marina area in Singapore with not much to distinguish them from each other. The Pan Pacific falls into this category in that there is nothing amazing about it, but I found it a very comfortable hotel. I had a spacious double room with a balcony. The design of the interior is innovative and despite all the rooms being round an atrium there was no noise from the lobby. The rooms are quite bland, but clean and functional. Other plus points of the Pan Pac - extensive room service menu with good quality food, lovely Japanese restaurant in the hotel, friendly helpful staff on reception, at the concierge and taxi rank, comfortable large beds, separate bath and shower, good location for CBD and if you are there on holiday. Downsides - I went to the spa for a massage and was kept waiting for nearly 20 mins, to get to the pool and spa areas you have to go outside, which isn't great if it's raining, spa is not luxurious and definitely overpriced for the setting, which is a bit tatty. If you want beautiful, then like most of the Marina area the surrounds of Pan Pac are v. concrete and look like a multi storey.Overall would definitely stay there again, liked it better than the Shangri La and value for money it beats the Ritz Carlton.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>bluepinkstarz
<Content>good hotel overall it's a nice typical 5 stars hotel. the hotel is grand and nice, the room is great, the bathroom is nice. one thing which i don really like it's the pillow and the mattress, which is a bit soft for me. but overall i still like the hotel.:)  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RobFindlater
<Content>An Excellent Stopover Choice My wife, her mother and our daughter stayed overnight at the Pan Pacific en route back to the UK from Australia.I'd pre-arranged the booking direct with the hotel after initially selecting the accommodation from reading Tripadvisor reviews and then from looking on the hotels web site I noted a good deal if you were flying with Singapore Airlines and signed up to their KrisFlyer programme.Providing certain travel criteria were met and you could show inbound and outbound Signapore airlines boaring passes the deal on offer was a free upgrade to the next available room category, a late check-out and either a limo collection from the airport or a meal subsidy, (we chose the airport collection).Based on my booking experience, which was extremely easy, and my wife's feedback I'd have no hesitation in recommending this establishment. Room - a decent size, great facilities and very clean.Staff - exceptionally friendly and couldn't do enough for my family, especially my baby daughter.Service - fast an efficient.Hotel facilities - excellent, all amenities that my family requested and a very good and clean swimming pool to relax in.Price - I found it offered good value for money based on its star rating, the facilities on offer and location.Location - centrally located, right next to a shopping area if you are after that sort of thing and within 20 mins drive of the airport.Overall - An excellent choice.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Doofyboy
<Content>Great Business Hotel       View of the Singapore flyer from pan pacific balcony  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>jacko657
<Content>Fabulous! After reading some reviews on Tripadvisor, I booked directly with the hotel. I had some problems with contacting with them by the e mail initially whilst trying to arrange an early check in and was starting to get annoyed with their lack of response. Once I got in touch with them they could not have been more helpful. Upon arrival at the hotel, I actually thought I had been mistaken for someone else! I felt like royalty! The staff are wonderful and cannot do enough for you. I was starting a trip to Australia and Hong Kong and now I am back this was the best hotel by far.The elevators are a delight every time and the reception when you walk into the hotel is great, so helpful.My hotel room was beautiful, very spacious, lovely bathroom, great balcony looking out over the Merlion Park and the hotel is only a 5 minute walk from the Raffles. The housekeeping come to your room every night for a turn down which was really nice and everything was so clean.It is central to everything, trips to Sentosa, the Flyer, Orchid Gardens, if you don't do a pre booked excursion then they are within half an hour in a taxi.I have nothing bad to say about the Pan Pacific, it was simply wonderful and when I go back to Singapore I definitely want to stay here!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Delakotam
<Content>Outstanding Great hotel. Great staff. Wonderful experience. The first floor bar prices are way too high though.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>London_user
<Content>Excellent hotel, but sound insulation could be better Stayed here on business for three nights in November 2008.Room quality was excellent: modern design, good bed, decent shower, nice flatscreen tv.Service in the hotel was up to Asian 5 star standards. Excellent food at poolside restaurant Brunch. Gym was not brilliant, but ok for 5 star hotel. Friendly staff everywhere.Only grumble I have is that you can hear your neighbour having a shower/flushing the toilet, which woke me up one morning. This poor sound insulation is not what you expect in a 5 star hotel. Since a decent night's sleep is important when on business, I'll choose another hotel for my next visit to Singapore.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Ninjaman0714
<Content>No complaints Terrific hotel. Room was very clean, great bathroom. Balcony was convenient with a great view over the Marina. Staff were very friendly, and even allowed me a late checkout at no extra cost - and this was on the evening of the start of the F1 Grand Prix weekend, and my room was directly overlooking the circuit. I was very pleasantly surprised that they facilitated me.Staff also attempted to get me linked up with another hotel to check out the Night Safari (as a group, since they themselves did not have any arrangements for that evening). Even though they were not able to find any spot for me for this, this was pretty much my fault, as I only gave them about 3 hours notice. Nevertheless, they made the effort, and when they could not find a group tour for me to join, they gave me full directions and advice on getting it done solo, which I ended up doing, and had a great time.Location is fantastic, connected directly to a few shopping centres. Within Suntec, you can also find a lot of tour companies (close to the food court), such as HiPPO tours (hop on hop off bus tour). Also, within a few minutes walk are the Raffles Hotel (to stop in and have a Singapore Sling), New Asia Bar (71st floor of the Swissotel The Stamford - a must to-do just for 1 drink to take in the view at night). Clarke Quay is also just a few minutes taxi ride away.About 10 mins drive to Little India and Chinatown, Sim Lim Square (great for electronics), 25 mins drive to Sentosa Island, 35-40 minutes to Night Safari. Taxis are easy and affordable, so no big deal.I use the Pan Pacific a lot in Kuala Lumpur, so was pretty confident of the quality when I decided to book this one. No regrets, worth every penny.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Travelor42
<Content>Over The Top ! The Pan Pacific Singapore was by far the best hotel we have ever stayed in! The service is excellant, as a matter of fact, when you exit the cab, the greeting is Welcome Home and they sincerly mean it. If you ring for room service, they ring you back in a matter of minutes to ensure that your need was accomodated. The breakfast buffet in the Global Kitchen is simply wonderful, and the staff there are the most amazing people. Not to mention the most beautiful views in all of Singapore. Each and every person there is truly devoted to the task of excellance, and they are indeed, the Best of the Best!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mindaiste
<Content>Top quality hotel Stayed there for one night in October with a 2-year old. Everything was great.The hotel is very well situated, not too far from the airport, though close to the old district and linked to a huge shopping center.The design is impressive (those elevators...), the room was cosy, well designed, with all the comfort you can expect from such an hotel.The breakfast was abundant and had a lot of diversity (from hash browns to lobster dumplings).The service was really excellent, with everybody trying to please you and smiling. We had a late check-out (3pm) as our daughter needed to nap before flying.They have an offer with Singapore Airlines boarding passes which is really reasonable.Honestly, I have nothing bad to tell about this place. Definitely will go back there when in Singapore.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rosietas
<Content>lovely hotel We had a great time at Pan Pacific. Really beautiful hotel and the staff were exceptional. Our room was very nice, well appointed and clean. The only drawback was we were very tired after our flight and went to bed early but couldn't sleep because of the singer in foyer! Never had that problem before! We were given a late check out because our flight was delayed by 8 hours and we were very grateful. A very nice touch and I felt the hotel staff couldn't do enough for us and seem to really care that we were held up.The location is very central and there are numerous shops and restaraunts in the area. Raffles is a short 10 minute walk away but beware if you dine there! We had a glass of house wine each, a peice of fish between us and a serving of fried rice and the bill came to over $125! I kid you not! A once in a lifetime experience!Little India and Arab Street are within walking distance if you like to walk which we do. If you don't you can use the Hop On, Hop Off service outside the hotel. If you fly Singapore Airlines it's free or $12 if not and you can use the ticket all day. It takes you all around the city and is great value. Don't be afraid to travel by public transport as everyone we met were extremely friendly and helpful.So my only real problem with the hotel and I left it until last because I hate to be negative is that before we checked into the hotel and after I paid for the accomodation in advance I sent an email requesting information about doing something special there for our anniversary. No reply and I couldn't help wondering if any one had actually read it! It might not have been important to management but it was to us as it was our 30th wedding anniversary. So one tiny suggestion is that they read emails from their guests.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TW_Yachtgal
<Content>A great hotel On our recent trip we left the decision on which hotel to book for one night in Singapore to the end as there seemed to be plenty of rooms available. After reading reviews here I had already narrowed our first choices down to five hotels... The Intercontinental, The Fairmont, The Pan Pacific, The Marina Mandarin and the Hyatt. As a one-night stopover we wanted location and luxury for a reasonable charge. In london we booked though Wotif.com.au two days before we were to arrive.. simple, easy. FIRST IMPRESSIONS : Lovely exterior.. extremely friendly welcome from doormen.CHECK IN - no line .. fast, efficient. The best thing of all was that we were asked our departure flight the following day and were offered a 3pm checkout as our plane did not leave until 9pm. ROOMS: The deluxe room was large, modern and impressive with a full bath, and separate enclosed shower and toilets in the marbled bathroom. If we had booked a club room we would have had free WiFi (something all hotels should offer guests for a small one-off fee I think, not outlandish fees as some hotels seem to charge) We needed to check our flight itinerary. The executive level offered Internet acces at a small charge but as we were unable to check in our flight online after a few minutes the fee was waived by the lovely receptionist. ... another big tickEXTRA: a wander to the pool deck revealed a lovely lady named Irene who handed us our towels, a bottle of chilled water and a wonderful smile. Nearby a basket of apples sat next to an array of reading matter ..all conducive to a relaxing afternoon for those who like to relax poolside after a long flight.IN SUMMATION: We were impressed by the staff, the rooms and the hotel in general. We would definitely return to stay here again. Many large city hotels could learn a lot from the way things are done in Singapore.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gissy44
<Content>Excellent choice Stayed one night at Pan Pacific Singapore on a stopover. From our very first booking contact to our final check out we were given superb service. Great location for access to the Hop on Hop Off bus and Suntec. We were given a late check out and were able to continue using the pool until late in the day as we had a late flight. Would definitely stay again!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>tvarad
<Content>Great hotel in the business district Booked a two night stay on my stop-over from Bali last month and was not disappointed. I got a 21st floor room with a nice view of the pool. The hotel exudes comfort and it was just great to collapse onto the luxurious bed after an exhausting day.The hotel is attached to the Marina Bay Mall with a gazillion shops and good eateries through which you have to walk to get to the City Hall metro station. It's a little longer walk than people may like though.All in all, a great experience and highly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Katieflossom
<Content>Best hotel i've stayed in! This hotel was unbeliveable! by far, the most amazing hotel i've stayed in.I was lucky enough to stay here for 9 nights on a business trip. The hotel was definately a 5* - the room was amazing, huge double bed, SO clean, hude tv, loads of storage, desk by the window (which was huge and had a great view of the skyscrapers outside), remote control blinds.The bathroom was the best bit for me! It was all glass, and so beautiful. Huge deep bath, huge shower, toilet was behind its own little glass door, massive marble sink and counter, and dressing table with big stool and huge mirror and stand alone mirror to do make up in. I felt like a princess! The room service was very reasonabley priced, and i ordered dinner to my room one night and it arrived in 10 mins and was delicious. There are about 5 restaurants in the hotel, and the breakfast was exceptional. There is also a hotel enterance into the Suntec shopping centre, very convenient as you can stay in the cool aircon!I would very much recommend if you are staying in Singapore.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Sportsvaughan
<Content>Do It!! This place is the dog's doo-dah's of hotels in Singapore. From knowing plenty of people who've spent time in Singapore during stop-offs and business I think we got it right.This was the first part of our week in the region, and it set the standard.From the breathtaking moment of entering the tranquil, HUGE reception, to the well-wishes and smiles on our departure, the Pan Pacific got it spot on.Location couldn't be any better, with everything literally on the door step from raffles to shopping malls, to transport, to Food courts. Facilities were perfect, and the rooms were outstanding.Our stay was 3 nights, and would have been extended if our itinerary wasn't so short. Don't miss this experience!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Darlox
<Content>Great business hotel near Suntec with a few disappointments The Pan Pacific Singapore is a first-rate hotel in the Suntec City area, connected by skywalks or underground walkways to all of the major venues in this section of town. I stayed here for four nights and found the hotel and its location spectacular, with only a few customer service quirks. Read on for more...LOCATION:The Pan Pacific Singapore is located immediately adjacent to Suntec Convention Center  Suntec City Mall, as well as the Marina Square shopping center. It's in the cluster of hotels that includes the Mandarin Oriental, Conrad and Ritz Carlton. The hotel is about a S$25 taxi ride from the Changi airport, during the late-night hours when most flights to Japan and North America arrive and depart. While the MRT is not easily accessed by this hotel, it's a very simple walk to just about anywhere in the district, and Singapore taxis are extremely inexpensive by most international standards. (The MRT can be accessed by walking through the Marina Square mall, to the One Raffles Link shopping area, then through the underground passage to the City Hall MRT station.)Tourists, be aware: This hotel is definitely situated to be primarily a business property. Unless you plan to take a lot of taxis, you're not really within footsteps of major attractions, or even transit links to reach major attractions. It's a great hotel if you don't mind walking to reach those places, but be aware that you probably will be doing a great deal of walking.ROOMS:The rooms are typical high-class Asian business hotel fare. The sleeping area is spacious with comfortable beds and a work area. The bathrooms are spacious and well-appointed with a large bathtub, a separate shower, and a toilet area with a door separating it from the rest of the bathroom. There is a separate luggage nook and plenty of closet storage. The light switches for the room can all be separately controlled by a bedside console. The rooms all feature full floor-to-ceiling windows (or sliding doors, if you're on the side of the hotel with a balcony), with both sunshade and blackout curtains to control light in the room.AMENITIES:On the Executive Floors, Internet access is included with the room. On the standard floors, Internet is an additional S$25/day, however that is billed in increments of S$0.25/minute up to the maximum, so if you only use a short time on the net, your cost will be less than the daily rate. There are several restaurants offering a variety of International cuisines, an excellent lobby bar with live nightly entertainment, a spa, an in-house tailor, and ample shopping options within steps of the hotel. Given the connection to both Suntec City and Marina Square, literally hundreds of food options are within a 2-5 minute walk of your room -- without even going outside -- if you find that the hotel services are not to your tastes.FRONT DESK / SERVICE:The front-of-house staff are all well-trained and helpful. Luggage service is prompt and friendly. Check-in is reasonably efficient and responsive. However, problem resolution could use a bit of improvement. When I first arrived, the Internet connection in my room was not functioning. After sending an engineer to diagnose, they offered to switch me to a new room the next day. However, the replacement rooms offered were either on lower floors, or did not reflect my room preferences -- or were generally not of the same quality of the room I was leaving, with cause. I would have expected a hotel of this quality to offer a room upgrade for an involuntary relocation, if a room of the same caliber was not available. In the end, we settled on a room in my original class on a lower floor that was acceptable, but still somewhat disappointing to me.ROOM PRICE:Like many business district hotels, the cost of the rooms here seems to be wildly variable. Due to slightly differing check-in dates and length of stay, different people in my same group had rates ranging from S$189/night to as high as S$300/night for a standard room, over mostly the same span of days. Given the high cost of hotel rooms in Singapore in general, I think most visitors will be happy at this property at whatever the best-available price during their stay. Just be aware that substantially better rates may be available for the length of your stay here with only minor tweaking of your arrival/departure.Overall, the Pan Pacific is a great hotel if you'll be doing business in the Suntec or Beach Road areas. I would recommend it to anyone traveling to Singapore.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>mscah100
<Content>Fabulous! Was here about a year ago to this day (can't believe I didn't review it!) on a 2-day business conference. The staff who handled my check in was excellent, very personalised service, asked me about my newspaper preferences, when I would be checking out, offered me a room to freshen up after the conference ended.The room was very big, with a very comfortable king-sized bed. Large bathroom, very clean and impeccable quality. Relaxing rain shower with separate bath tub and toilet. Nice view of the pool and whatever was on that side (can't remember that part). Good location as well.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lone-travels
<Content>Pan Pacific sets the benchmark We booked the Pan Pacific for a short business/ pleasure trip.The price for our booked room seemed very reasonable compared to hotels with similar facilities. We arrived a little earlier than the published check-in time and our room was not ready. However, we were immediately upgraded to a panoramic room which was ready without additional cost. The new room had amazing views over the Marina and was furnished to a high specification and was immaculately presented. We could not fault the room, any of the hotels facilities or the tremendously high service standard of every employee from the reception to cleaning staff.We didn't eat or drink in the hotel as the city has such a stunning range of restaurants. However, the bars and restaurants looked every bit 5 star as the rest of the hotel.The hotel has covered links to the local malls and convention centre so you don't have to venture outside unnecessarily. This proved very handy as there were some heavy showers during our stay. Also, it is slightly difficult to access the hotel from the street.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jankiwi
<Content>A Perfect Hotel in which to end our Holiday       Inside hotel looking up  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sailorann
<Content>Fantastic Hotel- A Gem We stayed at the Pan Pacific, Marina Bay hotel in Singapore from October 11th - October 14th. This hotel is right in the heart of the maria square area and is attached to the marina square complex.We arrived at our hotel at 1:30 am due to a delay in UA arrival. The hotel staff was extreamly friendly and warm even at this late check in. We got a great room and our bagged were taken up to our room waiting for us. The room was spectacular! All the ammenities you would expect from a 5+ star hotel. It felt like the spa treatment. The room was comfortable and all international plugs, etc. worked no problem. No adapators needed.The hotel is attached to a huge shopping complex (on of the national passtimes is shopping). We wisely, did not take the package for buffet breakfast as the shopping mall and Suntec city have a variety of places to eat that are substantially lower price than the hotel breakfasts. At night you can also go through Maria Square and get to Glutton Bay. There are a variety of hawkers that set up stalls here where you can sample a variety of local cuisines. Also great for Muslims, as many of the stalls are halal. Take the shuttle bus from the airport it only costs $8 SG per person. You cannot book the shuttle bus back from the hotel, but you can take a taxi. It costs around $21 SG for two people, so a few more dollars than the shuttle bus. If you really want to save a few dollars, then you can go to the Mandarin Hotel also attached to Mariana square, and you can book the shuttle bus from there.Would recommend you also get the tourist card at this mall, it's free and saves you money at a lot of the establishments within the mall. We saved quite a bit of money here!The downside of the location of this hotel is it is a good 10- 15 minute walk to the closest MRT station City Hall. You can walk underground all from the hotel, but it is a bit of a distance.Overall, I loved this hotel. The hotel was beautiful and modern, and the room was fantatic. The staff went out of their way to help us out and answer our questions. They attended to our every need with a smile. I would definely stay here again. Loved it!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KD1
<Content>Great stay, great hotel, great service !!!!! Recently we had the pleasure of staying at this great hotel and really enjoyed our stay there. After reading previous trip advisor comments on this hotel I upgraded and went with the executive business room and didn鈥檛 look back. From when we arrived we were treated like we were the only people in the hotel and felt really welcomed. Not one hotel staff member walked past us without greeting us.Check In 鈥?we arrived on an overnight flight and were in the lobby by 8am. As I knew this would happen I had previously arranged to just drop off our bags and had also organised a refreshing room to have a shower etc. However neither of these was needed and they kindly let us check in early which was very nice of them. Check in was personalised and we were shown to our room.Room 鈥?was excellent. We were on level 27 and had a great view. They also upgraded us from a city view executive room to a harbour / city view with a balcony which was excellent. Room was great, separate shower and bath, good toiletries. There are slippers and gowns provided and fruits, mars bars and really really yummy chocolates also. Big flat screen TV, remote controlled sun shade and blinds. Room was very well set out with good use of space and very clean. Free internet was definitely a bonus. Very quiet.Breakfasts 鈥?because we were on the executive room rate we were able to choose from 3 different places for breakfast, although we only tried 2. Both were excellent, lots of choice and great service. Plates were always taken very efficiently  the service was always good and efficient. In the global kitchen and the executive level breakfast area there was an egg station for you to choose whatever you liked.Pool / gym 鈥?lovely place to hang out. My husband went to the gym and said it was very clean and had a great range of equipment which all looked new. He even went in a pair of thongs one day and they kindly gave him some shoes to wear whilst there from a safety point of view, which was very nice, they could鈥檝e just asked him to go get his shoes. Pool service was great 鈥?as soon as we sat down someone came over with some cold water which was good on such hot steamy days. Location 鈥?we found the location to be quite good, we didn鈥檛 think we were too far from anything. The convention centre and shops is a short walk away as is the waterfront. The duck and hippo tours start from the convention centre so you could always catch the bus up to Orchid Road or Chinatown or wherever. Executive Floor (Berang Suite ?) 鈥?this became our home in the hotel too, we loved it there. I highly recommend splurging and getting the executive rooms and having this included in your package. Drinks and breakfast all day long, who can resist that. With all the food we hardly spent anything during our stay. Food was great, drinks were great, service was outstanding. Particular mention goes to Dennis who was a great asset to their hotel. Overall we had a great time at the Pan Pacific. They even sent up a cake and chocolates for my husband鈥檚 birthday which he loved. I recommend this hotel highly. Go online to their website and fill in a 鈥済uest preference form鈥?鈥?just a few questions about your preferences so they can accommodate your likes. I found this very helpful. Make sure you let them know of any special occasions. Definitely a 5 out of 5 experience. Would stay there again and would recommend for others. Our stay was the week after the Grand Prix, which I knew at the time of booking. We didn鈥檛 experience any issues with regard to this.We'll be back !!!!!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jjstives
<Content>First class, with a few glitches Review for Pan Pacific Hotel, Singapore By almost any standard, this is a first rate hotel. It sits in the fast-paced Market Square area of the city and is close to several great shopping mall complexes and the waterfront. It is not in the more crowded and hustling 鈥渄owntown鈥?area where many other hotels like Marriott, Hyatt, Four Seasons, Hilton and Goodwood are located. The nearest subway station is a good walk from the underground lobby of the hotel. The four night stay was booked through Bookings.com and prepaid. I had a room on the 30th floor that had no great view, looking out on the fa莽ade of the Conrad Hotel next door...not the best view and certainly, as it turned out, not the quietest. Before criticizing, I must point out that Singapore, its hotels and its airline in particular, currently seem to be the most hospitable in the world. From the time I boarded SIA flight 0001 in San Francisco, the courtesy, customer service and facilities exceeded anything I have seen elsewhere in many years. I would compare the hospitality and interest in guests鈥?and visitors鈥?comfort and welfare in Singapore to that of Bermuda in that those people in tourism related businesses seem to understand that service is the key to tourist good will and return business. I must also point out that I picked a very busy and special event week for my visit, even though I did not know this until I got there. It was thus an unhappy turn of events when, on my last night there, the party noise from outside the hotel was such that sleeping in my room was impossible. The volume of what some might call 鈥渕usic鈥?and drumming that would overwhelm the most intense Koto Japanese Drum performance was unending, even for me with less than perfect hearing.  The racket started at around 9PM and went on until after two in the morning. Several calls to the front desk yielded apologies but also the response that there was nothing they could do about it. Unable to sleep, I got dressed and went to lobby and the front desk where a serious, but affable night manager told me there was little they could do because the music was not coming from the hotel but from somewhere nearby.  It was, according to him, a party for the drivers of the Formula One competition that was being held in the city that weekend. If in fact the Gran Prix Race car drivers were partying after 2AM on the day they were to take qualifying rounds on the city鈥檚 newly build racecourse, it seemed unlikely that they would be doing much driving that day.  In any case, the manager told me that even the police could not stop it and moved me to another room for the rest of the night. But my sleep cycle was ruined and I left for Hong Kong the next morning, hardly refreshed and having paid over $900 for the noisy room.  Singapore has some of the strongest laws and law enforcement in the world. Penalties for even small infractions are strict and harsh, so it seemed odd that in this climate the city could not deal with such a disturbance. While it can be argued that this was an abnormal situation, I found it unacceptable at any price and the hotel had nearly tripled its usual rates for this event week. I think that when they do this, they owe a great deal more to the paying guest in terms of meeting normal expectations and common needs, such as a quiet night鈥檚 sleep. My trip had nothing to do with the F1, but everything in the city that week was calibrated towards it, so heaven help the poor soul who, like me, just happened to be there then.  The hotel offered no compensation, only apologies. Not enough for the ruined four day visit and certainly not enough to have me recommend the hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Harvsman
<Content>The hotel to stay in, In Singapore!!!! This was the last leg of my trip back to Australia from Europe and Dubai (Emirates are a fantastic airline by the way) I had decided to have a 5 day 4 night stopover in Singapore and had originally booked the Fairmont. However when i saw that the Pan Pacific was nearly $400 cheaper and getting better reviews i cancelled the Fairmont and booked here, best decision i ever made!!!!!!Upon arrival i noticed they have dedicated lines for Arrivals/Departures/Concierge etc, What a great idea i thought! The guy that checked me in was very polite and efficient, Before i knew it i was heading up the glass elevator/lift to my room on the 18th floor. The Atrium is amazing and about 40 stories high. Once i got into the room i noticed it had a bit of a Polynesian theme to it, As does most of the hotel. Truth be told the room itself is probably more of a 4 star but it's the facilities and staff that make this a 5 star hotel. The bed was very comfortable and the plasma tv had about 25 channels including Star World, Star Movies, Mtv etc etc. My room had a nice view of the Suntec Convention Centre and the Conrad Hotel. My room also had electronic blinds but didnt have a balcony, Apparently some rooms do, Some dont. I had a shower and bath, with decent tolietries in the bathroom. I also had a Clock with built in Alarm, etc. I didnt get to use the bar but i noticed each night they had live entertainment with a woman singing. The pool is fantastic and open until 11pm each night! I had a few swims in it and loved the fact they pump music under the water, Great to just lie on your back and look up at the sky! The deep end must of been at least 3 to 4 metres. it was so deep i could never touch the bottom, And i'm 177cm tall so it must be very deep!I never got to use the gym but i did use the business centre, The Internet was very good and the staff up there are so polite and friendly!The location: Probably the only downside but not enough to keep me away. About a 15 - 20 min walk through Citylink, Suntec City and Marina Square mall's. I'd suggest you don't take the MRT from the airport to City Hall MRT and walk to this hotel unless you know the area, Otherwise you could be walking for hours! It is signposted but you've got to know where to look, (If you see a HMV and an American Diner you're heading in the right direction) I'd suggest taking the MRT too the airport on checkout, As by then you should know the area!Staff were very friendly and nothing was too much trouble!If this is an indication of how all Pan Pacific's are i will be making sure i stay in quite a few!Will definitely stay here again next time i'm in Singapore!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Brit-abroad-in-Asia
<Content>Exceeded Expectations The Pan Pacific far exceeded my expectations. The room was spacious, clean, with a great bed and a large balcony with a lovely view of the Fullerton and down-town Singapore. The room also had a flat-screen TV and free internet access as one of three bonuses you could select from for booking on-line. The bathroom was large with separate bath and walk-in shower and appeared to be relatively new and very clean. The staff were polite and considerate. The breakfast buffet extensive. The swimming pool and tennis courts very nice. All in all a great place to stay and one that I'll be going back to.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Kittoos
<Content>Classy, Stylish, Pan Pacific sets a brilliant perspective of Singapore Top of the line business hotel. Makes you feel elite, makes every other hotel a compromise.I travelled with my parents. They feel they've spent their most memorable five days of their lives. The staff's world class, warm and friendly (singapore's all about friendly people), special mention has to go to jolin  co. at wellness village (the hotel's spa), they made our vacation really really special!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dvh2
<Content>Outstanding Hotel You will not be disapointed. The best views, the best food, the best service  the best value five star hotel in south east asia. My wife  my daughter stayed here on our trip to and from Europe. After the second rate service in Europe coming back was a god send. What an exceptional experience to finish our trip on. My only advice would be to book a high floor with harbour views. Why would you want to miss the fantastic views. Exceptional hotel  staff.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hugh15
<Content>Outstanding Hotel!       Hotel room  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bakerbass
<Content>Very nice, slightly out of the way for tourists I very much enjoyed my stay at the Pan Pacific and received wonderful customer service at check in, check out, and after my stay. The room was very large and extremely well done, and the bathroom was one of the better ones I've seen. For business, it would have been a perfect location as it is near where I've been for business in Singapore on other trips. But for tourism, one of the other Pan Pacific locations might be better. However, I was very impressed with the hotel and will look for others of that brand on future trips.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>michelleNorthampton
<Content>extremely stylish hotel       The view over the harbour from our room  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alimac77
<Content>Wow!       Looking up, from the inside  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DelightYourSelf
<Content>Simply "5" Stars We stayed in Pan Pacific last July for 6 nights and we found that room design and aminities are excellent and above our expectation as my family were delighted and talks about the hotel all the time despite we have set in Grand Hyatt Dec 2006 but in Simply Pan Pacific was better in terms of the rooms and overall design, room service 100%, staff was very polite and helpfull, nice balcony especially that overlook the esplanade mall Smookers will like the balcony, room furniture found all new and also the decoration was fantastic. the location was better than orchid as i did not expect that my family will have fun with many shopping malls around the hotel where 3 of them are directly connected with the hotel. Swimming pool was nice and clean. and from my side i like their Bars and the friendly bar tenders. We kept our laptops and money sometime in the room and when we came back from outside we found everything in its place. Check in and Check out was very smooth...Well Done Pan Pacific...I highly recommend to stay at the hotel as we intend to visit it again if we have any plan to visit Singapore  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mandus
<Content>Exciting lifts! We stayed at the Pan Pacfic for 3 nights in August. The reception was very welcoming and we had a very nice stay. The rooms are very nicely furnished and were very comfortable. It seemed to be a business type hotel, rather than for holiday makers, but suited us very well and had everything we needed. The breakfast was very nice and catered for all tastes; fry-up, chinese food, fruit, pancakes etc.The pool was very clean and the gym was adequate. We found the bar prices were very expensive compared to the local drinks, say in Chinatown, so we only stayed in one night.The location was excellent and there were always taxis available and is only a short walk from the Singapore Flyer and Raffles hotel - and the F1 track.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>jjblue
<Content>Wonderful Staff The wonderfully friendly and helpful staff really make this stand out from the usual run of modern hotels. Greeted by name, nothing too much trouble, generally pampered, but we always felt it was genuine. Nothing of that feeling we've sometimes had in big hotels that the whole place is there to rip off guests in any way they can. Room service meal was very good and quick, all room facitities excellent. Makes a terrific place for a stop-over to get rid of jet-lag: you can really seal yourself off from the world and catch up on sleep! One minor grouse: the door to the en-suite lavatory was flimsy and noisy and there was no alarm or phone near the bath, so perhaps not suitable for elderly people. But the staff really were wonderful!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>trvlbufElmhurst
<Content>Wonderful stay in a wonderful hotel.......       View of the swimming pool from the 32nd floor.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>leilaniPhilippines
<Content>More than expected       Lovely view from the balcony of our room  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>charliechunk
<Content>First-class hotel Myself and my hubby stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on the way to Bali for our honeymoon. We were very impressed when we walked into the hotel lobby as its very large and has marble flooring, and a lovely large bar in the centre. Check-in was done in super-quick time. The staff are tremendously efficient and very friendly too. We were upgraded to a room with a balcony and being on the 29th floor, we had an amazing view. The glass elevators on the outside of the hotel are very impressive, if a little bit scary the first time you get in them. Its worth taking the elevator right to the top where the restaraunt is, even if you dont eat there, as its on the 37/38th floor (I think!) and the views over the city are spectaculor. Our room was really nice, however we had twin beds and not a double, but we pushed them together and they didnt seperate at night so there was no falling down the crack incidents! It really wasnt a major problem as we were only there for two nights. The bathroom was lovely too. It was quite big and had a really nice massage shower which we enjoyed very much. We didnt eat in the hotel as we ate out on both nights, but the menu did look nice with a variety of dishes. On our second day, after being shopping, we came back to the hotel to find a huge bunch of gorgeous lillies, a massive fruit basket and a chocolate cake with 'congratulations' iced onto it, which was really really yummy! The hotel is conveniently located and is attached to a shopping mall (one of many) which takes you to the MRT and then its a just a short ride away to the different parts of the city. We got a tourist day card for about $8 sd, which we felt was really good value. Be aware that you will be fined if you are caught eating, drinking or smoking on the MRT. It may seem a bit harsh but when you look at how clean everything is you can understand why they do it. All in all the hotel was a brilliant start to our honeymoon and we'd definately recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>marxusboy
<Content>A great hotel experience! Stayed at the Pan Pacific Singapore in early August under the Singapore Airlines Boarding Pass Program. Got a good deal that included room upgrade, late checkout and SGD60 food and beverage credit per day. Check-in was efficient and painless, and we were given one of the standard rooms with balcony. We had a great view of the Mandarin Oriental, with the ferris wheel on our left and the merlion on our right. The room was quite nice, with a comfortable but firm king bed, and neat electric blinds with remote control! The only disappointment about the room was the toiletries: their soap and shampoo are, well鈥?extra soapy! I mean, no refinement, no enticing smell or feature, just your standard cheap soapy smells. I like a special treat at shower time when I鈥檓 staying over at a 4 or 5 star property, and it wasn鈥檛 the case here.The pool area is large, with lots of shade and excellent water and towel service. The pool itself is really nice, with the large half on the shallow side and the smaller half quite deep. The gym is also quite large and well set-up; it is actually busier than the pool for some strange reason鈥?br/>Internet in the rooms costs SGD0.25 per minute, capped at SGD25 per 24 hour period, which I found quite reasonable, especially if you plan to do limited surfing during your stay. Breakfast is expensive (the buffet costs SGD35!) and uninspiring 鈥?I think you鈥檙e better off heading to one of the food courts at Marina Place or Suntec City Mall for food (both easily accessible from the hotel through a covered walkway). Their Japanese restaurant is ultra fancy with prices to match (SGD15 for a tiny serving of edamame 鈥?please!)One of the nicest things about the Pan Pacific is their staff; they go beyond the call of duty and are always ultra gracious and helpful. We thought that, all in all, aside from the food quality and prices, this hotel makes for a very enjoyable stay at a very reasonable price. Try getting the Singapore Airlines deal and make it even more worth it!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>p0rtia
<Content>5* all the way! From check-in to check out the Pan Pacific was a fantastic and stress-free experience. My husband and I have travelled widely and this was a genuine 5* hotel with polite and helpful staff and all the facilities we could need. I would definitely recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ciao68
<Content>Fantastic!!! Stayed for 9 nights at Pan and it was surpurb from the time we entered the door. Check-in was with out hassle and quick we asked for connecting rooms which we got. The rooms were beautiful and very clean. It was the little things like chocolate and fruit upon arrival and jar of choc chip cookies half way through our stay. Taxi easy to catch infront of hotel. Pool was great kids loved it. Even the thought of being offered bottled water and apple by the pool just made things nice. Kids loved the lollie pops. Try the wood oven pizza by the pool really nice. The fact that this hotel when you get off on the 2nd floor connects to the Marina Square shopping centre and Suntec makes it a fanstastic location. The marina is a beautiful part of Singapore to stay in. We booked all our tours with www.Isango.com was well worth it booked all tours before we left prices were greated cheaper than getting the tours in Singapore itself. Had confirmation letter under our hotel room door upon arrival. Tours were very well organised must do ZOO, Night Safari and Afternoon at Sentosa. Food easy as Marina Square had lots of places to eat. Had breakfast at the Coffee Club there appears to be one opening up as you leave the Pan Pac on the 2nd foor and go through the Marina Square shopping centre, turn left - American B/fast for S7.80. All in all Pan Pac made our holiday one to remember and enjoy, would definitly book again.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Texas-Tamu
<Content>Fabulous Fabulous hotel. We upgraded, meaning we paid an extra $80 per person to enjoy an incredible breakfast (taken in one of the three breakfast areas), business office services and snacks 24/24. The staff are courteous and prompt. Downside: the hotel is not anywhere near the MRT.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Janarella
<Content>Well,, we had a great time!!! Researching our annual Mum and daughters holiday is as rewarding as the actual trip and it is a real bonus when everything falls into place - Pan Pacific gave us a great welcome - We were on the 32nd floor (Panoramic view) facing the harbour. The fruit bowl and mazipan were greatly appreciated. It was also my birthday on the 2nd day and it was a nice surprise to find a yummy birthday cake waiting for us after a day of shopping. There was suficient room for the 3 of us - the balcony gave us extra space - the bathroom was a good size - with bath and separate shower. I slept like a log everynight so I didn't have any problems with the beds - I was up most mornings at the gym - they have a great gym with friendly instructors. I am a bit greedy and like to have the gym to myself - 6.30 to 8.30 it can be a little busy but after this time it is fine. I am not an air conditioner fan - I would sneakily turn it off at night but my youngest daughter complained.Singapore was practising for their National Day so this was another bonus - watching air and water displays, fireworks and what we couldnt see was on a big screen.If you like shopping this is the place for you - right next to the Suntec Centre. Also the Convention Centre that was holding the Singapore Garden Show (if you like orchids like I do it shouldn't be missed)We also tried the Chinese restaurant on the top floor but we weren't too fussed with it - I think we needed a lesson on how to order food but did enjoy the bar on the ground floor - It was pleasant sitting with nibbles and a glass of wine people watching - But anyway we had a great time - We loved the Pan Pacific - bit pricey but what the heck. (We were there for 9 nights)  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rebecca28h
<Content>We loved it here! We felt so pampered here!We stayed here for three nights as part of a month-long trip to Australia, it was our stop-off point on the way there and we were not disappointed.Unfortunately our flight got in at 6am, so when we got to the front desk at 7am to ask them to look after our luggage we were shattered. Check-in was not officially until later that afternoon but we were prepared to wait.The receptionist must have taken pity, as he allowed us to check in to an available room that minute, without fuss, and this was certainly an indicator of the level of service to come.The room and bathroom were spotlessly clean, the view from the room was amazing, the breakfast was delicious, and the bed was (contrary to one reviewers comments) soooo comfortable.The hotel itself is HUGE and very impressive in terms of aesthetics, we were amazed.Anyway, we would definitely stay again on our next visit, we had a great time staying here!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Londoner_8
<Content>Possibly one of the best hotels i've stayed in. Singapore has many good/clean hotels so their standard is quite high. The Pan Pacific is absolutely perfect. The location, the staff, decor. I don't think i can add anything in this review that hasn't been previously mentioned.The only thing i would mention, for those who are use to American/Canadian hotel rooms, Singapore hotel rooms are quite small in comparison.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ghtraveller
<Content>Loved this hotel I loved this hotel and I would stay here again.The rooms were spacious and clean with good facilites. The beds were comfortable and the linen changed daily if required.The bathroom was large and had a good selection of toiletries. The shower was very efficient all though it did take me a few minutes to work out how to operate it. On the whole the hotel was quiet but we did have some noisy neighbours with a child who loved ringing doorbells at all hours of day and night. I cannot hold the hotel responsible for this and it did not disrupt me too much. I tried all the resteraunts and particualry loved the Chinese on the 37th floor. The food was superb as was the view and the service excellent.I also enjoyed the bar outside which was agreat place to unwind in the evenings.The spa at this hotel was one of the best I have tried in Singapore. The staff were efficient and the spa clean and reasonably priced. If you don't want to eat in the hotel there are plenty of places nearby. A great little Indian resteraunt called Demi-Fusion is close and from there you are a stones throw from the excellent lobby bar at the Conrad Hotel and listen to the music of Louis Soliano.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JamesVki
<Content>Another Disappointment in Singapore!!!       Room  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>1	4	1	5	5	5	1	3	

<Author>Fozzy279
<Content>Pan Pacific - great for business... My experince of this hotel is that while it is very nice, it is very much business orientated with prices to reflect someone else footing the bill. We were on our honeymoon and received a room upgrade to a panoramic view overlooking part of the city. The room had all the ammenities you would expect from a 5 star hotel, and some I'd never seen before - such as a sliding panel allowing you to connect a laptop/USB etc to the large LCD TV - along with a comprehensive set of video/audio leads to hook up your MP3 player to the in room speaker/TV system - a nice touch, but again shows the empasis towards business users. Another nice gadget was the remote controlled blinds/curtains. The 28th floor where our room was was reached by external capsule lifts. I don't suffer from vertigo but felt myself hanging on a few times!!. The hotel is part of a shopping/hotel complex. I felt the shops were all more expensive than home (UK) and was very much geared to the Japanese shopper. This whole complex was expensive proably due to its trendy shops, boutiques and eating places - there are much cheaper places to eat and drink....I felt the food and drinks at the hotel were outrageously priced - especially for holiday makers - again, if a business is paying its not such a problem - a point I made on my customer satisfaction form. I was informed they were competitive with other hotels in the area - but as I later found not competitive with hotels in less trendy areas. As a result, the bars and restaurants were never full and only sparsley filled with busniess people on phones  laptops and as such didn't have a very socialble or relaxing atmosphere. By going to Boat or Clarke Quay - about 10 mins cheap taxi - there are plenty or bars  restaurants offering large discounts and freebies to get you into their establishment - all have a great atmosphere and are very reasonable considering the expensive drinks in Singapore. When I asked the concierge if there were any good places to eat - he didn't know or didn't want to tell - as he wasn't very helpful. Overall, nice hotel, but wouldn't rush back but ideal for business users. Facilities too expensive for holidays if you are on a budget.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	2	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cgycivil
<Content>Worth the splurge! After five weeks of cheap hotels across Asia, I decided to splurge in Singapore and the Pan Pacific was worth every penny. Top-notch service, incredible room, and great view of the city. Be sure to have a Singapore Sling in the atrium.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>kipperCardiff
<Content>Perfect Pan Pacific       Inside the Pan Pacific  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JB&CT
<Content>Fantastic start to our Honeymoon!!! This was our first stop on our round the world honeymoon and we could not have asked for a more perfect hotel!! Super Quick check-in, we were given a room with great views on the 31st floor. Upon check-in we were both congratulated and my wife was handed a beautiful bouquet of orchids. When we got to our room there was a very tastey honeymoon cake and a wedding card.We found the hotel was in a great location close to shops, restaurants and MRT station.All of the staff were fantastic and could not be faulted in any way.The pool was very nice and there were plenty of sun beds.Breakfast was excellant!!If we were to travel to singapore again there is only one hotel i would consider staying at! The Pan Pacific!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aussiegirl3000
<Content>Good for business, expensive for casual travellers       view of the pool from the room  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	2	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>MeInPerth
<Content>Ok, but I expected more for a "five star hotel" I've been to Singapore now a couple of times and tried out five different hotels so far, not only for bargain reasons, but also to be able to compare things. Location: The Pan Pacific is perfectly located to go on an extended Shopping trip as SunTech City and Marina Square are both next door. However the MRT station (City Hall) is still a good five minute walk away, if you want to go to other places.Hotel: The hotel is nice, but for a five star hotel I expected more. The friendliness of the staff has been average. I missed an explanation of the basic things, such as breakfast, Internet access, pool and so on - Nothing! Certainly I could have asked, but I guess customers would appreciate it to get a short overview.The room has been nice, but the level of cleanliness should be improved. During my whole stay the mirrors and the shower haven't been 100% clean as you would expect it from a 5 star accomodation. On my date of departure I could see why, because the room maid thought I had already left. She rushed through the room and used my old towels to clean the shower cabin.The hotel pool is quite nice. I didn't use any restaurant, so I can't review these. Checkout was efficient and correct. Returning home, I realized that I forgot two pairs of trousers in a wardrobe in the room. I used the e-mail function of the hotel's website to contact them; after one week I haven't got any response yet.In general, ok for a 3 or maybe a 4 star, but not for a 5 star. There are less expensive hotels in Singapore which provide the same or even a better service.Maybe the hotel shouldn't sell its rooms cheap on the web. A better way would certainly be to improve the quality. I'm sure customers would spread the word-of-mouth then and help the hotel to fill its rooms.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	3	2	3	

<Author>inspiteof
<Content>ok, but a bit bland this is a decent business hotel, but a bit bland. rooms are clean if a little worn. great views. service can be slow, especially to the rooms. the hotel has several good restaurants, though, which is nice. overall, fine for a quick business trip, but you can do better if you're looking for a soothing holiday stay. has a kind of generic big business hotel feel...  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>lkl265
<Content>One of the best       Inside the hotel  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>motheranddaughterduo
<Content>Fabulous stay at the Pan Pacific! Stayed here overnight when travelling from Europe to Sydney and was thrilled with the choice.Lovely hotel in an excellent location - 5 star feel with a 3 star price tag.The room was a decent size with a spacious, clean bathroom and comfortable beds. Staff were friendly and helpful - made you feel like royalty. Also used the pool and gym which were excellent although i wouldn't rave about the spa facilities - staff made booking and paying a stressful experience.Had previously stayed at the Novotel on the other side of town and much preferred this location - close to all the shopsTaxi from the airport was between Singapore $20 - $25 which was very reasonable.Great stay.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lostalot
<Content>Excellent hotel and wonderful staff Having stayed at various good hotels in Singapore on previous visits, my wife and I decided to try the Pan Pacific as a new experience on our most recent eight day trip.The hotel building itself is outstanding - huge internal atrium space reaching 30-odd storeys high, glass internal and external lifts, tasteful shops, sculptures, large pool and orchid displays were but a few of the items which greatly impressed us.However, the PPs best feature is the staff - they were always pleasant, always asked if they could be of any assistance, nothing was too much trouble for them, all aspects of the service was most efficient and they took time to converse with the guests, even if it was simply to enquire what kind of day you were having. I feel that I am reiterating views already posted by most people about this establishment but I can only reinforce that the combination of the building, people (and the Suntec City/Marina Bay shopping mall area location) makes the Pan Pacific an ideal base for an extremely pleasant stay in Singapore.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Arlene&Co
<Content>SUPERB THROUGHOUT!!! We booked a deluxe room and upon arrival where upgraded to a Panaoramic room on floor 32 what a view!! , my wife was a bit nervous to start with as the lifts are glass and on the outside of the building no problem after a few trips though. The check in was super smooth all the staff are very polite we had buffet breakfast included in our room package and that was excellent which we booked through Trailfinders, we originally picked a dearer hotel but one of the consultants advised us to try this hotel as it was better than our 1st choice in their opinion and we are pleased we did. The room was spacious with a very large bathroom and spotless throughout we had electric curtains in the room which we found novel!, the pool area is good however we never tried the pool as we had limited time, my wife says the health spa was nice and reasonable prices. Singapore looks great fom their version of the London Eye its the equvalent of 42 floors high. The cost for 2 adults and 1 child is 79.65 singapore dollars so divide that by about 2.5 which gives you 拢31.85 the trip lasts about 30 mins we went at 1700 hours and there was no queue at all once again a superb hotel!!!!! Rod and family U.K  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FrequentTraveler1234
<Content>Very Dishonest Do NOT book your stay at PanPacific.com. Their website purportedly offered a stay 2 nights  get another one free offer when you use your American Express card. I chose that offer and booked my stay 2 months in advance. Got the confirmation and thought all was well.When checking in, I asked to confirm that I'll be getting the extra night for free. They said... NO!Apparently, they said my booking was not made under the correct category. After demonstrating EXACTLY how I made the booking and how I EXACTLY chose the Amex offer rate, they still refused to honour it.I find such service out of line for such a hotel.Truly SUCKS!  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	4	4	1	2	4	

<Author>Vardomannen
<Content>Good Value for Money I have lost count of the number of times I have visited Singapore - lets face it, if you like food, this is the place to be! I have to admit that when I choose a hotel in Singapore, I often let the price decide, because the quality of all of the hotels I have stayed in here has been excellent. I reserved a deluxe room at the Pan Pacific for two nights, paid around 290 Singapore dollars for the experience and have no complaints. I felt looked after from the moment I arrived ( which included an in-room check-in) until I left (a 30-second check-out). The room was comfortable, well-furnished. The position of the hotel itself is great if you want to be in the colonial district; there are several large shopping centres on the doorstep, loads of restaurants and food courts (don't overlook Singaporean foodcourts - they are really excellent and totally spotless). I got what I paid for ...and then some.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>QP
<Content>Perfect for business travel; also great for leisure stay I stayed at Pan Paicific for 6 nights on a business trip. The hotel stay is by far my best lodging experience while traveling for work!Location - right in the center of the pricy colonial district. It's great for both business/leisure. It's got indoor walkway through a shopping mall to suntec center, so you won't even be exposed to the tropical humidity. Orchard Road (for shopping, not that there's not enough shopping within walking distance of the hotel), is only a brief bus/subway/cab ride away.Room - tastefully decorated in neutral tone. Bathroom has separate shower/bath. Bath tub is generously sized, I used it every night. The room has central light control, very much like any 4+ star hotel rooms in Asia (Japan, HK, Taiwan). Nice audio/visual capabilities w/ the flat screen TV and wireless internet ready. Food - I had room service about 4 times during my stay for both breakfast and dinner. The eggs benedict is one of the best I've had. Didn't have a chance to try the restaurants, but I dare say they probably measure up to the rest of the hotel services well. Amenities - large outdoor pool, which never got busy during my stay there (I had a direct view of the pool from my room). Service - extremely efficient front desk and concierge, no compliants whatsoever!Overall, I just wish that the 5 star hotels in the US could be as nice as Pan Pacific! Tips - Singapore is such an easy country to travel to. There's great shopping and food all around town. Many travel books suggest a day trip to the Sentosa Island. I did just that. However, I don't recommend at all, unless you've kids (even then, there are better attractions on the mainland). The island is full of man made attractions. I was not impressed with anything at all. You'd be disappointed if you're a nature lover or want a taste of the south east asia.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MC1601
<Content>Everything was good! I stayed at one of the suites which facing the pool. Nice view from the room. When I checked in, a lady called Aki at the reception was very polite and handle my requests very well. My suite was cleaned and comes with the welcome fruits and a box of chocolate! Bravo to the management for the little thought!I went to the spa in the afternoon and couldn't locate the spa meant for hotel guests, not the spa for massage or beauty salon. An Indian public area cleaner approached me and shown me the way to the hotel spa. This is what we call SERVICE! I have been staying in many luxury hotels and this is my first experience in this property. The treatment that I received from this Indian gentleman definitely will make me want to return to this hotel in the future.The negative side of this hotel is the club lounge. Staffs were not friendly and practised double standards. When I arrived at the 22nd flloor where their club lounge located, I couldn't locate it. When I got out from the lift, it is their reception area. No greetings or no approach from the staffs there to offer assistance until I approach them. When I went in to the lounge, a chinese lady came and approached us to offer drinks. I do enjoyed the evening snacks served and the view from the lounge. No one cleared the plates when we have finished our snacks. Therefore, I just put it aside on my table. There were only 4 tables occupied at that time and four staffs were on duty. Then, my friend from UK came and joined me for evening cocktails. The same lady came and asked for drinks order. She then only cleared all empty plates. I just felt it is discriminating Asians. Anyway, the service rendered by your public area gentleman recovered the unpleasant experience.Hope the management will look at their club lounge staff's attitude and I shall be back and try the club facilities again.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>MadSci
<Content>Great Location       Our Room  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>marmin
<Content>Really has the WOW factor! From the minute we walked into the reception area until we had taken in the fantastic view from our Panoramic room on the 30th floor we were amazed by the design and layout of this hotel. Check-in/out was very efficient and our room was excellent - modern and very clean. We did not sample the food here but had a great 3 night stay. This hotel would have scored a 5 from us but for the noise from the water system early in the morning that disturbed our sleep on 2 nights - not a major problem but after staying in 4 great hotels on this trip I can't give them all a 5!Overall a fairly well located top class, stylish hotel  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>barnetts_7
<Content>Stunning panoramic views Stayed for two nights on our way to Australia.Very friendly and knowledgeable staff.The hotel and our room was spotless and the view was absolutley stunning.The location was excellent,all the major sights within walking distance,and close to several shopping centres.Highlights of the stay included the speedy outside lifts and the very comfortable huge beds.Do go the extra few dollars and reserve a panoramic room as you won't be disappointed. Highly recommended.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>soulsease
<Content>First Class hotel in Singapore Arriving in Singapore is a great experience; flying in over thousands of ships in the bay, and landing at what looks like a floating city is a great way to arrive! The drive to the hotel from Changi airport is a pleasant 30 minuts or so, along tree lined boulevards. The hotel is located in the business district, near the new Singapore Flyer big wheel (same size as the London Eye, but mounted on a slightly higher plinth, making it the tallest in the world...at the moment!). To get to Orchard Road and the main shopping area is a taxi ride, but the Marina Square mall adjoins the hotel, so if you need to shop, it's all close. You are also around ten minutes walk from Raffles, about 15 mins walk to the main government buildings, 15 mins from the Merlion, and a short cab ride/30 min walk from Boat Key and Clarke Key. The hotel lobby is very well presented; plenty of helpful staff and a stunning atrium bar in the middle. Rooms are large and comfortable, and there is a good selection of restaurants. Try the rooftop Chinese restaurant - food is good; views are stunning! The outdoor glass lifts are also part of the experience!There is a spa onsite, as well as the usual business facilities. The pool area is tastefully laid out, and as soon as you arrive, the staff will present you with a complimentary ice-cold bottle of water, and even better, when you've finished each one, they'll bring you another! Good sized pool as well. Not the cheapest hotel by any means, but well worth it.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NormanBristolUK
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location       Room  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lyntonynottm
<Content>Superb Hotel Booked a King Room - upgraded free to Panoramic room on 32nd floor with balcony and awesome view (expecially at night) of Singapore Harbour. Great facilities in room (toys for the boys - eg electric blinds, plasma wall mounted TV - lighting panel. Swimming Pool very attractive and clean - very attentive staff. Excellent location with easy access to air conditioned shopping malls. Cleanliness to a very high standard throughout hotel. Would definitely return. Only downside drinks in bar very expensive would recommend Boat Quay for cheaper bars.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ChocoboFan
<Content>Great stay at the Pan Pacific! Was very surprised to read comments from previous 2 reviewers about this hotel! We recently stayed there for 8 nights and had a really nice time. Staff were always friendly and pleasant and couldn't do enough for you. Our room was beautiful with a lovely view of the harbour and Singapore Flyer. I specifically picked this hotel because of all the good reviews it has received and as it was my husband's 40th birthday. I certainly wasn't disappointed by the service we received and I would definately stay here again if the opportunity arose.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Keith11
<Content>Smart hotel Stayed there for one night while passing through Singapore on way home from China. I have stayed at a number of hotels in Singapore before and this one was OK but not outstanding. the rooms were modern and very stylish. The staff were friendly and helpful. A very good location being close to Orchard Road.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>TomBamber
<Content>3 day business trip       A room with a view  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HotelGuru9
<Content>2 Star Hotel with a 5 Star Facade The Pan Pacific is a hotel that looks 4 star, but provided me with 2 star quality service, at very high prices. I suggest you sort the reviews by Lowest First if you want an honest look at this Hotels Reviews. During check in, the man at the counter actually tries to barter with me. He begins a whole act right in front of me, telling me that I had reserved a smaller, cheaper Twin room, for the same $200 rate. I disputed this, and he tells me that I am mistaken. He takes it a step further and lies to me, saying there are no King rooms available anyways. Then an awkward silence, conveying that his decision was final. Astonished by this, and fully aware of what he was doing, I pulled out my reservation and showed it to him. King room with a view. Visibly annoyed he mysteriously finds me my King room with a view 10 seconds later.  Not to be deterred, he then tries to upsell me. Sir, for $90 more per day, you can have free internet and breakfast. I replied I am already paying $200 a night for this room. You basically just lied to me about my reservation so I'd take a cheaper room at the same cost. Internet should be free, and I dont eat $90 worth of breakfast every day. He continued to try and persuade me. He would not take no for an answer. It was very uncomfortable and awkward for me. I felt like I was in a flea market trying to haggle for a bead necklace with a hippie.  Then something surreal happened. He actually has the audacity to inform me - like its the first time he's said it - that he is giving me a Twin room. I started laughing. Seriously? He actually was hoping I had forgotten?? Unfortunately, this theme continued throughout my stay.  The light bulb was out in my bathroom. The grout along the tiles was messy, and smeared. The toilet doesn't flush unless you pump it a few times. When I turned on the sink water, the handle moaned as if it were old metal. The magnet holding the door open doesn't work, so I watched the bellhop try 5 times to make it stick, unsuccessfully. Internet is $30 per day. Absolutely ridiculous. If you go up to the Business Center they actually charge $7.50 for 15 minutes of internet use. I mentioned this to a group of Indian fellows in Little India at an internet cafe, and they responded with roaring laughter. Laundry service here is $10 per shirt. Yes, per shirt. That works out to about $200 USD for an average load of laundry. I opted for their outside laundry service, paid $45 for one load (ugh) and my clothes came back wet. I couldn't make this stuff up, folks...On a Sunday night, I walked outside to get a cab and get some dinner. I ended up standing there for 40 minutes. Yes.... 40 minutes ... in a line with 30 other people, and it was 97 degrees outside. Fully drenched in sweat, I went back in to the hotel to the concierge and said Are you aware that there are 30 people standing in line for a taxi outside? He apologized and started calling to have taxi's come by. I should point out there were six employees standing out there with us the whole time, doing absolutely nothing. The day I checked out, I had overslept and was late for my flight. I conveyed this to the concierge and meekly asked for a taxi as soon as possible. As I stood outside, I watched the hotel staff fill up 6 metered taxis with people from the Taxi line, while I stood there, without a ride. Turns out they had called the more expensive taxi, which I did not want or need. It costs twice as much, and took 10 minutes longer to arrive. Great idea guys! Make that money!!! To top off this already disappointing stay, the more expensive, late taxi driver dropped me off at the wrong terminal. He knew what airline I was taking, yet despite the mercedes and double-fee, he apparently didn't know his job well enough. Remember, I was late for my flight. He takes off, and I had to pay another taxi driver to take me where I needed to go.There are a lot of exceptionally shining 5 star reviews on this hotel, here on TripAdvisor. To the tune of literally hundreds. Way more than one might think is normal. Way more than the other hotels in the same area of Singapore, even right next door. Its interesting to see that the hotel's PR firm heavily involved in responding to reviews here, too. That is something I don't normally see. I can promise that this review was written by a real traveler.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>norwayguru
<Content>OK but no good deal Very nice rooms. Garden and pool area filthy, flowing with garbage. Staff in breakfast restaurant somewhat unpleasant.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Stormy85
<Content>Nice hotel! Everything was just wonderful! Spacious room, huge bed, nice pool (room we stayed in was on the 15th floor overlooking the pool, very nice view), great service, huge flat TV. Hotel rates are more than reasonable comparing with other luxury hotels. There is a nice bakery on the first floor (Atrium Deli). It was Christmas time and there was this big Christmas-tree decorated with gingerbread men on the first floor. The hotel is located in the colonial district of Singapore, so you can find a lot of places of interest nearby. It is next to the City Hall MRT (underground) station and famous Singapore flyer is ten-minute walk from it. We had pleasant time staying there!!!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ceomhar
<Content>Fantastic Hotel this was one of the most beautiful hotels i have ever stayed at. Great location, large comfortable rooms and a class pool. The food and drink are a tad expensive but right next door is a shopping centre with loads of food options.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Montrealais
<Content>Spectacular execution, but a bit boring As other reviewers have said, the architecture is impressive and the service is second to none. I can't imagine anything ever going *wrong* with a stay in this hotel. The only problem is that there's nothing at all to remind you that you are in Singapore, or even in Asia. Very plush, very comfortable, very impersonal. It's in the middle of the convention area, with a view of other hotels and convention buildings.Bottom line: If you need to be close to the convention centre, or thrill in the faultless execution of the hotelier's art, come here. If you want to wake up knowing you're in Singapore, go elsewhere. Cabs plentiful but taking the MRT requires a hike through the shopping centre and underground.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Marleneann
<Content>WOW! factor       Goldfish in the garden  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JacquiRLondon
<Content>Superb hotel - superb service - highly recommended Very efficient, staff really care, even the cleaners would ask if everything was OK.Very good facilities. At the pool bottles of water were given out with the towels and sunscreen was available for you to use.Excellent breakfast fast efficient and plentifulThis is the sort of hotel that other hotel managers should visit in order to see good hotel management in action.The hotel is in a good location and is connected by air conditioned indoor shopping malls to the Esplanade at the river front, and to City Hall MRT metro station  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Serialglobetrotter
<Content>Big is beautiful An imposing building in a city of imposing buildings. Despite being Chinese New Year with all hotels very busy, the service levels at this modern attractive hotel never faltered. The double room was clean, with a safe, tea making facilities and Internet connection. Its restaurants were able to cope well with residents; the one we used was an Italian flavours venue called Zambuca which whilst not cheap, served up some excellent food with an extensive wine list. If you like fine dining this is the one for you. The one minus point, which most hotels fall down on, is the buffet breakfast. Very few hotels are able to serve a decent cooked breakfast that is HOT! Such was the case here, but this was only a small gripe.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>MariaNottingham
<Content>Great Hotel Great hotel, plush rooms - we stayed in the Panoramic View rooms. Great location if you are stopping over prior to catching a cruise.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Louise83
<Content>Located centrally for everything,Very classy       Deluxe Room  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>clanchiefScotland
<Content>Fabulous Pan Pacific We stayed here for 5 nights in January and February on our journey to and from Oz. I could not fault this hotel on anything.The location is great sitting on top of the Marina Square complex which is excellent for dining and shopping. A short walk and you are at the MRT and City link centre. Walk in the other direction and you are at the Suntec Centre.The staff are fantastic. Extremely polite, friendly and helpful. Stop for a moment and someone is sure to approach you and ask if they can help. Check in and out was fast and efficient. Walk outside for a taxi and one was summoned. The rooms, as was the rest of the hotel , are maintained in immaculate state. I loved the large LCD TV tastefully wall mounted and all the sports channels. Almost all the entire outside wall is glass and you can lie in bed and operate(play with) the remote which mechanically brings down the window screen and then a Roman Blind.The views from the room over the city and river were also spectacular. Worth mentioning is the pool and sun bathing area which was great. Very spacious and I spent more time here than any other hotel pool in Singapore. In the heat of the afternoon staff come around with cool towels ,fruit and free bottles of ice cool water. Free water is also provided in the room.The only thing I found missing from the hotel which could inhibit long term tourist travellers from booking was the lack of a guest laundry.Although some may find it expensive the top floor Cantonese restaurant is worth a visit for something special. Although I did not use all of the dining options other guests recommended them and there was a good price spread over these.All in all if I could put this hotel in my case I would and take it to all my destinations around the world.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dol123
<Content>Outstanding       Clarke Quay  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SingaporeSEAtrekker
<Content>Classy Pan Pacific My wife and I stayed at the Pan Pacific a tour throughout SE Asia.This is a very upmarket and classy hotel and the prices reflect this. We were lucky and got a stay 3 nights for the price of 4 deal, which helped.The rooms were very well appointed and very chic inside. The lobby and communal areas were also very good.I think the location was great, away from the very busy Orchard Road but adjoined to at least 3 other shopping malls (Suntec, Marina Sqaure and City Link). The closes MRT station (City Hall) was about a 20 minute walk, however the walk was all inside shopping malls so it was airconditioned.There were a number of excellent facilities including the large outdoor pool and spa.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Mandelbrot
<Content>Set in a concrete jungle Big, corporate hotel set in a horrible concrete jungle that is Marina Bay. The hotel itself is fine, just as you might expect from a major establishment. Service excellent, restaurants OK, lobby is startlingly garish and over the top. Buffet breakfast was generaly good, and the outside coffee shop by the pool was good(ish) value and OK.Big problem is location. If you want to walk, it takes forever to get to the Metro or anywhere nice, and you have to find your way through a labyrinth of overhead and underground passageways. Unhelpfully, the hotel does not provide a map to guide you, and it took us two days to find the optimum route, by trial and error. It's really designed for people travelling by taxi or car, frankly.I have nothing against this place, but if you are a serious tourist wanting to find your way round the city, I'd find somewhere closer to a metro station and more accesible by foot. Maybe something in Orchard Road, or if you can find the money, the Fullerton looks really splendid and is in a superb location.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	1	4	3	3	2	

<Author>Reviewer79
<Content>Great location and service We booked this hotel as a stop over for a couple of nights and had a great experience while there. Rooms were modern and clean (the hotel was recently refurbished) and we had great views out across the river/bay.Faciliaites were good and the in hotel dining was fantastic - food was excellent and good value. The hotel itself is well located being a short walk to most of the many shopping centres and restaurants in Singapore. The most overriding impression though was the service - from check in to check out everything was done superbly and nothing was too much trouble. As a stop over hotel or a base for exploring Singapore this is a fantastic place and very good value for money.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dmlis
<Content>very good       Executive Business Floor - night view from  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>dublinyogi
<Content>Impressive lobby       Bed with our Orchid bouquet  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>RSBUk
<Content>Smart, modern top class hotel The Pan Pacific truly is a luxury hotel.First impressions are excellent and the staff make you welcome as soon as you step out of the taxi, and continue it throughout your stay.The room was modern but very comfortable with a huge, comfy bed, flat screen tv, desk, plenty of storage and superb electric roman blackout blind (i want one at home now!!).Singapore is hot and humid so everywhere seems connected underground to avoid street walking.The location is in a modern area surrounded by shopping and opposite the Mandarin Oriental. The pool area was a good size, and the gym was well equipped for a proper workout.Breakfast was plentiful if not the biggest I've ever seen, but quality was good, and service excellent.Would recommend and return in the future...  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kibo
<Content>Good choice Stayed here for 4 nights as family (2 young kids) en route back to Australia in early January. Hotel welcoming to the kids and pool, pool bar was great to wind down in the afternoon. Wasn't busy so felt like the hotel was calming, efficient and cooling. Wonderful atrium and unique, rooms were good and considering we had 4 in there it was big enough. Walls a touch thin however as heard everything going on next door (as am sure they did too). Clean, fresh and comfortable and what you would expect for a hotel of such standing.Only ate in the pool restaurant but wished could have made it to the restaurant on top floor as looked lovely.Would I stay again, yes. Had a corporate feel to it rather than that of a retreat. Staff were obliging. Hotel is located in what appears to be a newer downtown area (Marina), but easy access to several shopping centres. easy to get around in cabs from hotel and no traffic in immediate vicinity of note.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Exhibitionist
<Content>Starting To look tired I've been staying at the PanPac for many years now, but the rooms are starting to look tired and the interior seems to have been updated to suit the japanese tourists that flock there day and night. Still a good big hotel in central Singapore, but there are others that are better - Merchant Court and Marina Mandarin to name but two and so I've started staying elsewhere now despite my PanPac VIP card  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pynk
<Content>Beautiful Pan Pacific Singapore We delightfully stayed at the beautiful Pan Pacific hotel (Panoramic room) 4 nights for our Christmas Holiday.From the moment we entered the hotel on Xmas day, we were kindly welcomed and immediately directed to check-in desk. Check-in officer recorded passport details. Registration was completed in a kind  efficient manner (took few minutes not long at all). Our bags were brought up promptly by helpful staff to our room on time.Bubble lifts (matrix space-age looking): Clean glass with user-friendly lit buttons. The speed of lifts were appropriate to observe the atrium and amazing views of the hotel鈥檚 interior. In the lifts on our 3rd day, a staff member kindly greeted us and pronounced our surnames correctly. Very polite and accurate! Panoramic Room: Looked brilliant and felt luxurious to stay in. Clean, neat  spacious. Fitted bedding for 3. Plenty of room for 3 large suitcases and shopping bags (which grew larger with each mall visited). Room nicely furnished. Electronic blinds, shades and LCD TV were easy to use. Air-conditioner worked well to our temperature liking. Received free bottles of water each morning plus newspapers. Slippers and robes were also supplied. Mini bar was stocked with goodies (extra charges for eg bottled water from mini bar $4 SGD) and there was also room to store our chocolates in the mini bar. Room was on level 18 and we did not experience any distractions/loud noise. This room had a balcony with beautiful views of Singapore City (Esplanade, Merlion and Marina Bay). Bathroom: Immaculate, neat and polished. Fluffy towels, well-positioned mirrors and nicely accessorised with cute little bottles of shampoos, conditioners, bath gels and bath salts. Hair dryer was handy.Beds: Clean, comfortable and spotless white sheets and pillows. We all slept peacefully well.Swimming Pool: We were busy shopping and left little time to swim at the pool. Nonetheless, on our last night there, we did relax on the seats next to pool and observed the beautiful mini garden scene. Hotel: Magnificent! Check-in and check-out was completed by courteous and polite staff. Check out was prompt and there were no delays to our next destination. Before leaving the hotel room, I had postcards to send back home and staff also helped mail this out within a telephone call. Excellent customer service! Concierge staff were excellent too for taking our luggage out the entrance while we shortly waited there for our driver to pick us up. The door man kindly took a photo for us. Hotel staff are approachable and willing to help. All staff greeted and smiled at us gracefully throughout our stay.Location: Easy access (by taxi or walk) to Marina Square Mall, Suntec City and Esplanade Theatre. Taxi to Orchard Road (5 minutes around $7). Taxi to Sentosa Island around 12-15 minutes (depending on traffic flow).Buffet breakfast @ The Global Kitchen:Delicious and nicely presented food from both Western and Eastern cultures. Courteous staff. Food ranged from prawn dumplings, grilled fish, smoked salmon, stir-fried noodles, scrambled eggs, toast, has browns, mini muffins, dragon fruit, melons, yoghurt, jelly and much more ($35 SGD).Thank you note: ( we have not included our feedback comments on the hotel's online form, instead we will write it here).It was our great pleasure to stay at Pan Pacific Singapore. We are highly impressed and have already recommended this hotel to our family and friends after returning to Australia. We kindly thank all staff for working enthusiastically and kindly servicing us during our holiday period. We have left Singapore but we have not forgotten the pleasant memories of our stay there. All the best to you and we wish you more success and prosperity.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>catmouse
<Content>Very pleasant hotel I've stayed in the Pan Pacific in Singapore several times and have never been disappointed. The quality of service is typical for South-East Asia and puts most of the rest of the world to shame. From the moment I checked-in till I checked-out, staff were available to provide assistance, without being intrusive.The rooms are well-equipped. I took an Executive room, which as a package included breakfast and internet access and really didn't cost more than adding these items to a standard room. That put me fairly high up and with breakfast served on the executive floor, kept me away from the crowds.The situation is excellent, plenty of shopping malls and within walking distance to City Hall.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kcl491
<Content>One of the best ever Absolutely one of my best hotel stays ever, anywhere in the world. I booked directly with the hotel and got an excellent package that included a deluxe room with buffet breakfast. I stayed over a weekend and, since this is clearly a business-oriented hotel, I'm sure that is why the package price was so attractive.Every staff member was top notch, the buffet breakfast extensive, the experience memorable. The bathroom was huge and the ammenities were extensive (lots of toiletries including bath salts, sewing kit, huge flat screen TV with plenty of channels). The only fault I can find at all is there was no electrical outlet in the bathroom for my hair curlers.As mentioned in previous reviews, this hotel connects via walkways with three shopping malls so there are plenty of places to eat if you want to avoid the expensive hotel restaurants. That said, the Asian themed bar on the ground floor has a Martini Happy Hour with reduced drink prices and complementary snacks - an extremely good value.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LondonKatelyn
<Content>Pan Pacific Singapore is fab We stayed at this hotel en route to Oz, i have a 5 year old child. the cleanliness and service are impeccable. this is not the hotel in orchard road, but the one next to the Marina Mall amongst others. we had a plaza view room which easily fitted a third rollaway bed into it. we ate at the brunch restaurant which serves pizza, grilled food and late breakfast like pancakes etc. excellent service and portions. the other restaurants all looked a bit formal for a child at the hotel. the hotel was beautifully decorated for christmas. its location, opening onto the shopping mall is fab. great nibbles at gloria jeans coffee shop for brekkie. the pool and surroundings are also very good, free fruit, newspapers and use of suncream etc. my only watch out would be that they are doing some renovations at the moment and we stayed on the 28th floor and they were doing them above. they don't start till 10am and stop by about 4pm but with jet lag we were woken up a couple of times by drilling etc. i am sure that it won't last long though and the standards at the hotel more than made up for the inconvience of early noise. i would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>menome
<Content>Great overall hotel Stayed at the Pan Pacific for 2 nights at the end of December. Got in at 6am, was really tired, however the reception noticed this and we were allowed to check in straight away. (probably because there was a room available already, but it was a very good gesture and gave a good first impression). Everything at this hotel seemed very organised, all staff knew what they were supposed to do, thus made it a very smooth trip in terms of hotel stuff ie. newspapers, wake up call, laundary, concierge.The rooms were very impressive, I believe they have just been through a renovation and everything was brand new. The rooms had a very classy/classic look and feel (some hotels can go overboard with the modern look) but I still prefer classic. Pan Pacific was like a modern classic look, if that makes sense. (had 32 inch LCD TV and electronic blinds [modern], wood finish for everything else)Bathrooms were great, with seperate bathtub and shower. Shower was large, but bathtub was the usually pint size.Location was a marina bay, right next to a few shopping plazas. Was 5 mins walk from the bay, was a nice walk and had some restaurant and hawker centres there too.Overall, this was a great and accommodating hotel, I rate it as the best place I have stayed at so far (probably in line with Mandarin Oriental, I have previously stayed at Mandarin Oriental and Swissotel Stamford)  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Derbyshire-MrsS
<Content>fantastic !!! We stayed at the Pan Pacific for two nights in December en-route to New Zealand. Can not fault this hotel in any way it was excellent. We were allowed to check in very early (9am) which was a bonus and we found that the staff from the check-in to the porters were exteremely friendly and helpful.The hotel is amazing with fantastic star wars style lifts and lots of marble decor everywhere ! We booked a deluxe room and it was lovely. Huge super kingsize bed and very spacious room and bathroom, We didnt eat at the hotel as there is so much choice right outside. The hotel has two shopping centres next to it infact you can access one directly from the hotel and there is a 7-11 accross the road if you fancy snacks etc for your room. Would not hesitate to recommend or return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>davo2005
<Content>Absolutely wonderful Just returned from a week's stay at the Pan Pacific and strongly recommend this great hotel. If you crave superior customer service as well as first class facilities this is the hotel for you.From the moment we arrived the friendliness of the staff and the quality of their service was apparent. From the door men to the personal check-in to our room the level of service exceeded all expectations. We really appreciated the friendliness and help received from all staff during our stay.The rooms have been tastefully refurbished and have a contemporary feel. The LCD tv was a nice touch and the king bed was huge and well comfy. We felt very comfortable throughout our stay. Another nice touch was the option of clearing out the bar fridge and using it to store your own beverages etc. Very helpful.We ordered room service on a few occassions and the timing was impeccable, most efficient we have experienced. The food was good too and the fact that the in room dining menu includes items from some of the hotel's in house restaurants is fantastic.The location of the hotel couldnt be better. The hotel is linked by walkways, overpasses etc to the major shopping centres (Millenia Walk, Marina Square, Suntec City) and hotels within Marina Bay. You are basically a few minutes walk to great shopping and food. If you like to walk the Esplanade is a 10 min walk and a futher 10-15 mins will take you to Boat Quay, the museums etc. If walking isnt your thing then jump in a taxi from the hotel foyer. We never waited for a taxi no matter what time of the day and normally spent between $5-10 a fare, the furthest we travelled was to Orchard Rd. Cheap in our eyes.We had an absolutely fantastic time in Singapore and the fact that the hotel is in such a great location and the facilities and staff exceeded our expectations it just made our trip that bit more memorable.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Psycho-Badger
<Content>Quality hotel with a major caveat This was my second stay at the pan pacific, and the experience was identical on both occasions: lovely room and faultless service, but the standard of the food was very disappointing. We never had breakfast due to early check-outs both times. The first time (September 2006) we ate dinner in the French-style bistro upstairs- the food was cold, uninspiring and overpriced. On our second visit we arrived late so we ate from an asian tapas-style menu in the lobby bar- once again the food was luke warm (I doubt it was prepared fresh) and overpriced. Our bill came to 150 Singapore dollars for 4 glasses of beer and approximately six small tapas servings. I would be unlikely to pay these prices in Dublin, where I live, and Dublin is generallly regarded as one of the most expensive cities in the world.In summary then, the rooms and desk staff at the PP Singapore are excellent, and I have received good deals on the internet on both occasions. I would strongly advice against eating there however. Considering that the restaurant experience is important to me and that there is a competitive hotel market in Singapore, I don't feel the PP as a whole is up to scratch and therefore would not recommend it.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Travel-Fairies
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We would absolutely recommend this hotel to any traveller to Singapore. This was our second visit and with a lapse of 2 years between trips 鈥?it remains the fantastic hotel we first thought it was. If we ever travel to Singapore again, this is where we will be staying. We have recommended it to close family and friends (two have gone and have come back with the exact same opinion as us 鈥?fantastic!).As I鈥檓 sure you鈥檝e researched and seen the photos 鈥?the atrium is even more stunning in real life and the feeling you get going up in the glass bubble lifts is just fantastic. Our first time there, it was Chinese New Year and they had hung hundreds of Chinese lanterns down the middle of the atrium 鈥?that image will never be forgotten.Our second visit here, we simply opted for a standard room 鈥?it was great, all recently upgraded and fresh and of a sufficient size.Our first visit, we did upgrade and therefore got a slightly larger room with balcony.But it was simply a size difference, not quality and therefore would opt for a standard room again - I preferred the view from the standard room - it was a glass wall overlooking the city - amazing!Location of the hotel is great as it is in walking distance to one of the big shopping centres. Although location isn鈥檛 a problem in Singapore as the taxis and even the ultra modern sub-way is so cheap.We have never eaten in the hotel (apart from breakfast in the room 鈥?which was lovely) as there are so many restaurants to choose from outside 鈥?Boat Quay and Clarke Quay being two highly recommended areas for restaurants!The staff and their service is fantastic.Overall鈥t is a wonderful hotel to stay in whilst in Singapore.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vishala
<Content>Excellent Hotel Wonderful place to stay. We had a deluxe room with Balcony and The view from our room was worth the extra money we paid over the standard room.There was initially some disconnect as I booked for Deluxe Balcony room and my reservation was done for Panoramic room. The staff at your reception desk was very helpful. Considering there were issues with reservation, they helped me get the correct room, contacted my travel agent and personally escorted me to my correct room. I couldn't have expected a better treatment.This hotel has an Indian restaurant inside, but the timings are limited and we missed it as we were too busy shopping and roaming around.The only drawback is that it is a bit far away from the main shopping district the Orchid road.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Greek-Australian
<Content>truely luxury I stayed at the Pan Pacific for one day on my way back to Adelaide from Greece. I used a telephone booking, because their internet site did not have flexibility for 'non-standard' check-in and check-out hours. The hotel is marvelous in all aspects, albeit at S$320 per night (excl. breakfast). The breakfast and meals however are extremely over-priced at S$40 for a continental breakfast! in fact is it ridiculously priced when you think about it.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>buttercup306
<Content>pan-tastic stay my wife and i stayed at the pan pacific from 6-8 nov 07, on our way to adelaide, we booked it on the internet check in was very quick,they gave us a room upgrade free room 3116 fantastic views of the city and merlion, can't fault the room in anyway just wish we could have stayed longer, we would like to thank all the staff and managment for making our stay a memorable one , and can't wait to return  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dinosaw
<Content>Decent value After staying here twice during November I came away having enjoyed my stay but not as much as I might have. The main plus points for Pan Pacific are their reasonable internet rates and the superb friendly attitude of the staff who really can't do enough to help you. The hotel also features modern well proportioned rooms and a pretty good location, breakfast if included in the rate is extensive but otherwise I would opt for one of the coffee shops in the adjoining mall. The down sides were painfully slow lifts and problems during check out such as having to correct discrepencies in the room rate or having the bill presented in my home currency when I had requested it in SGD.In fairness to Pan Pacific their feedback programme is very good and they had responded to my problems within a day.In relation to other hotels I have stayed in Singapore then I found my stay at the Pan Pacific more enjoyable than both the Fullerton and the Shangri La but feel that the Mandarin Oriental is worth paying that little extra for.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>cirque
<Content>Simply amazing Stayed at Pan Pacific Singapore on a stopover for 1 night. Although I did not use much of the hotel facilities, but the service given by the staff are top notch! Upon arrival, the staff, from bell boys to check in officer gives a warm welcome, and the 'Guest Preference Form' program really works! I had my check in form filled-in in advance and already got to the room within minutes. The room is simply amazing, all worked perfectly, mini-bar is well-stocked, and beds are stainless. Bathroom design are gracious with small vanity corner, digital scale, and power shower in deluxe room.During my stay, the hotel is still repainting its facade, so expect to meet some workers in gondola appears in the window. But this work does not interrupt the privacy of the occupant, thanks to the intelligent blinds. The most memorable part is the departure/check out service. Both check out officer and bell boys worked efficiently. The bell boy even talked to me in my native language, something that I didn't expect to happen overseas. Even he said goodbye and thank you when I'm about to enter my taxi. Very personalised service and the best I've encountered from the bell boy serviced out of all hotels I've stayed before. Filled in the online feedback form (sent by the hotel to your email) while waiting for flight at Changi airport and get a reply within a day.Well done Pan Pacific Singapore!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>mickmcdonagh
<Content>bargain luxury, great views, great service, great location This was the third hotel of our honeymoon trip and was probably the most holiday like one of all. We checked in within seconds of arrival and were presented with a bouquet of flowers. Bags were brought to our 33rd floor room and a fruit bowl and wedding cake arrived shortly afterwards!This hotel really has everything: great city views (get the upgrade room!), friendly efficient staff, super facilities, nice bar (like all hotle bars, more expensive than the local bars!) The room was spotless and bed was huge.Very central location ( walked to Raffles in 5 minutes) and offers direct access to a large shopping centre.Breakfast was expensive but tasty. Go to the shopping centre and get more for less!Good selection of restaurants but get out and see the place.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Niiki
<Content>Great Hotel, Love the Beds To be honest, we don鈥檛 usually stay in Singapore long enough (or have enough spare time) to get to enjoy the hotels. We do however have 2 favourites in Singapore when travelling for either business or leisure and the Pan Pac is one of them. This is due in most part to the amazing beds. Seriously divine. The last time we went we slept in on both mornings we were there as we were sleeping so well (and the fact that our hotel booked wake up calls didn鈥檛 arrive 鈥?minor bad point).I had a drink at the bar on one evening and when I went down the next evening, the waiter recognized me and asked me if I would like the same wine. Great attention to detailIn summary:- The rooms have recently been refurbished and are excellent- Service is superb- Location great 鈥?short walk to Suntec City and other shopping as well as business district- Nice (non-smoking) pool area and great bar/restaurant on the same level- Did I mention the beds?  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aarghan
<Content>Perfect hotel Staff is cool, hotel is great, spacious rooms, great swimming pool and gym. Havent found better yet.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dougly
<Content>Nice rooms; be careful with booking special discounts at panpacific.com Pro's: Nice hotel; great room and bathroom, friendly service, location connected to malls, easy 20 minute air conditioned walk to MRT. Con's: we booked a room at the Pan Pacific website using Singapore Airlines Boarding Pass Privileges 15% discount offer. This offer was not honored at check-in and I did not have the energy to argue. Location: we liked the location in the convention part of town. But others may prefer staying closer to Orchard St. Amenities- all other hotels we've stayed at in Asia usually have some nice welcome fruit. Nothing here.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Carpinteria
<Content>Adequate but stinky I was put in this hotel by Singapore Airlines after I missed a connection due to their late flight. They assured me it is the hotel they use for first class passengers (though I was only in business class on the flight). I arrived in the early evening and left the next morning, so my experience was limited. However, three things particularly struck me about the hotel:1. There was no way to get the guest room to a high enough temperature to be comfortable,2. Though I was told that the entire hotel was non-smoking, the room in which I was placed had clearly been a smoking room very recently, because I not only couldn't rest well, but I became physicall ill and could barely breathe because of the smell of stale cigarette smoke, and3. The buffet breakfast is one of the best breakfasts I've ever had at a hotel. Indeed, my room service dinner the night before was bountiful, beautiful, and reasonably priced, so the terrific breakfast was simply the next food installment. I won't stay here again (there's a Conrad a short distance away), and had I known how pervasive and persistent the cigarette smell would be, I would have moved (but I was already tired and foolishly thought that it would go away or I would become used to it). I can see that this has the potential for a very good hotel; I simply don't think my experience there was a pleasant one, and my assessment of the property, therefore, is probably much more negative than the hotel generally merits.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>UW_Alum
<Content>Great upgrade on the property!       entrance  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BerkshireHkc
<Content>Fantastic customer service This is a fabulous hotel with fantastic customer service. When we arrived, we were taken to our room by the customer relations manager who checked us in from our room. Our bags were taken up for us. During our stay we were also invited to a cocktail party by the management team, although we could not attend unfortunately. Each day our room was cleaned, bed made or changed, and the chamber maid checked if we wanted new towels every afternoon. Whatever our needs the hotel accommodated and gave plenty of advice. By the pool, fresh bottled water was always provided, together with cold towels to freshen up with and fruit. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wishes to stay in a modern and beatiful building in a good location.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bwie_sg
<Content>Staff were on a totally different planet! My husband and I stayed in the Pan Pacific, Singapore for 1 night over the weekend to get away from everyone. I made the reservation online for the 'Restful Weekends' package the hotel is offering online. We stayed at room 29-13.I wanted to change some details and hence called the hotel for help. Bad idea because they didn't know about the package I booked and kept asking if I got the right hotel. After an exasperating 15 minutes on the phone to the hotel trying to explain that I booked through the online reservation form, I managed to resolve my issue through the hotel's website online without the phone staff's help.On the day when we checked in, we were informed that our reservation was cancelled, somehow, in a rather impolite manner. My husband is English and can't speak Mandarin. The hotel check-in staff started speaking to each other in Mandarin, totally disregarding my husband. I thought it was rather inconsiderate and that staff from a 5-star hotel in a MULTI-RACIAL country would be aware of such sensitivity. That's not all! After the hotel kindly reinstate our reservation, we found that they were not aware of what our package comes with. We had to remind the hotel staff and this happened all throughout our stay there. The only good thing was they upgraded our room from a Paranomic room to a Paranomic Balacony room. The room - it was typical of a 5-stars hotel with good amenities and comfy bed. Bathroom was sparkling clean but the shower was most difficult to figure out! We spent 10 minutes trying to read the instructions given! The balcony was the most boring and ugly balcony I have seen from all hotels. The view was good; excellent view of Singapore's skyline, particularly breath-taking at night. Room service was fast and efficient. Food was nice and the serving was big enough for us. At check-out, we were billed for things that were supposedly free (and came as part of the package). When we pointed them out to the check-out staff, she counter-offered her opinion to us forcefully (this was putting it very nicely!). In the end, we were made to feel that the hotel was doing us a goodwill by waiving all the charges even though the reservation printout we had stated otherwise. Generally, the hotel delivered. The staff did not. We felt that the staff were ill-informed and impolite.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>1	2	4	4	4	1	1	3	

<Author>StaffordKod
<Content>Great hotel My wife and I stayed at the Pan Pacific for two nights in June 2007 as part of our honeymoon. The atrium of the hotel is something to behold, it is the biggest atrium in Asia.The welcome we received at the hotel was superb, really personal service. I would definately recommend this place to honeymooners, they made us feel very special.If you want some decent panoramic photos of the Singapore sky line then take a ride in the glass elevators on the outdside of the hotel. They take you to the very top of the hotel giving you amazing views, especially at night.It is in a good location, Raffles is a 10 minutes walk away, there is a shopping centre attached to the hotel and Orchard Street and Clarkes Quay are a five minute taxi ride away. Taxi's are cheap and a good way to see the city when it is really humid. The locals are really friendly and do not try to rip you off.China town is good, probably the most civilised I have ever been to!Clarkes Quay is worth a visit too, great nightlife, loads of venues to choose from.Our only regret is that we did not stay longer. Would definately go back and stay at the Pan Pacific.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>roo2mom
<Content>a pleasant surprise Just got back from a 5 days stay at the Pan Pacific, we stayed in a panaromic room..Rooms- bed very comfy and big. Pillows are a little hard, but realised after a few nights i could request a different one.. bathrooms - plentiful supply of necessaries..bath was big enough, towels fluffy. In house restaurants expensive as you expect inhouse,, so just walk into the Marina Sq..Sadly fridge only worked intermittently..I found it easy to get to and from MRT which was great way of getting around..  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>FeedTheFishMayo
<Content>Poor Value I stayed at this hotel as the last 2 nights of a 5 night trip after moving across from the Royal Plaza on Scotts.The room at the Pan Pacific was very spacious with good views. That is the only good thing I have to say about this hotel. The furnishings were very dated, especially the bathroom. For a 5 star hotel I expect the rooms to be renovated semi regluarly not every 20 years. The cost to use the internet (if you do not have your own lap top) was very high. The bar in the lobby charged astronomical prices.If you are looking for value then I could not recommend this hotel. Of the two hotels I stayed at the Royal Plaza was far better value even if there was no view and the rooms were smaller, I would still go back there.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	4	3	1	

<Author>robbyDC
<Content>Pan Pacific Singapore-A 6 Star Hotel The arrival experience was so unexpected. My husband, son and I arrived tired after a long flight. Soon as we stepped down the pavement of the hotel, we were surprised at the reception line who were outside the hotel waiting. There was Ms Jennifer Wong (the Manager of Guest Care Services herself) and a Ms Ana, who was a Filipino like us... that itself was really the warmest and the best welcome I encountered in any hotel I ever have been. Before everything sinked in on us (of the royalty welcome), right away the luggages were taken from us by the very attentive hotel staff. We were escorted by Ms jennifer  Ms Ana to our room and checked us in personally. My son had truly a heyday when he saw the bubble lifts. We even had our picture taken in it, which was given to us as a souvenir. The deluxe room was wonderful. The very comfortable bed and sheets felt like heaven. We enjoyed the room immensely, so much so, we didn't want to leave it at all. The showers, bath tubs and toilet were great. So clean and water was great. We also noticed that bathroom amenities like shampoo, conditioner, lotion, etc... were replaced right away with new ones, even as much twice in a day.What more can I say. As a frequent traveller, this has been the best hotel experience ever. Have stayed in a lot of 5-star hotels, but nothing compared to this... hotel staff, experience, service, facilities and all. The level of service is truly amazing. There are so many staff on hand to help you with anything you need. No need to turn or twist your head. They all speak excellent english and are really willing and happy to help. In fact, the person who we paid for theme park trips had commented and informed us that Pan Pacific was truly the best hotel in Singapore. He says he used to work for a 4-star hotel along Orchard Road, but nothing compared to the hotel we were staying at. I am actually lost for words to describe our Pan Pacific Singapore hotel experience. I can't criticize this hotel... it's the BEST!!!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Prince_nz
<Content>Excellent Service, Beautiful Hotel The service this hotel provides was second to none. We had a stopover in singapore on our way to Maldives for our honeymoon and got personalised service from their staff. Not only did they faultlessly arrange for us to be picked up from the airport - check in was done in our room with only a signature and they also provided us with a honeymoon cake + teddy bears as presents for our new marriage.Gomathi arranged everything for us and we felt like we were royalty as they didnt leave any details untouched. They even took a photo of us and emailed it to me as well as sat with us in the lobby when we were awaiting for our taxi to the airport.Would highly recommend this hotel to anyone. Yes it is pricey but you do get service to match. No probs at all with their service. Plus it is close to shopping malls / suntec city + little india and china town, about 5 singaporian dollars to and from each place.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TomYum
<Content>Disappointing One of the most disappointing hotel stays we have had for years. Having read the reviews, we had high expectations of this hotel, but were sorely disappointed.Booking through hotel site 鈥?Major hassles. At some stage used the hotel鈥檚 on-line email facility. Received a reply from them only AFTER our 2nd day there! Eventually wrote to an 鈥榠nappropriate鈥?email address that I found on the site and received a reply and booking.Reception 鈥?physically what we would describe as a Sixties horror 鈥?over the top and cold. (Know this is a personal like/dislike) On check in, NONE of the things that we requested on the online 鈥榲isitors profile鈥?that they require you to complete when booking, seemed to have made it to reception. We were allocated a room with everything but what we requested. Granted it was sorted out, but why bother with completing this form if noboby pays any attention to it anyway. Room 鈥?When you pay US$200 plus for a STANDARD room, you would in most places in the world expect to walk in and have some 鈥榳ow鈥?factor. The only wow we had was one of disappointment. The room is a reasonable size, but it is basically stock standard. As stated in other postings, the balconies do not allow for any 鈥榮itting outside with a drink and enjoying the view鈥? Apart from the high concrete balcony, there is no furniture on the balcony. It is inexusable that in a hotel of that class there is no furniture on the balcony.Bathrooms 鈥?Separate bath, shower and toilet, but small Staff 鈥?Nothing to complain about, but not what will be remembered as warm and friendlyFurnishing - Beds were comfortable, pillows were not. The rest is so so for a hotel of this class.Accessability to restaurants and shopping 鈥?right next to a few big malls, else Orchard Road, Clarke Quay, etc easily accesible by taxi (at present the only viable option)Prices - we found the price of food and beverage in the hotel quite expensive. As stated in previous postings, the mini bar is not well stocked, so you either buy from a nearby supermarket or pay the room service prices with all the added charges.Business services 鈥?Considering that Singapore is such an IT centre and the price of internet elsewhere, it is ridiculous what the hotel charges. Did not use other services, so can鈥檛 commentGeneral 鈥?They are renovating the hotel and we had the cables running past our balcony which limited our view and privacy. At the very least, these rooms should have gone at a heavily discounted rate. Know this is Singapore and hotels are expensive, but stayed in other 鈥榚xpensive鈥?cities where we had much, much better value for money.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	3	2	

<Author>Chickengirl
<Content>Fantastic stay My family and I have just returned from the most wonderful stay at the Pan Pacific!We were in a newly refurbished business exec room. It was really nice. The food on the exec floor was pretty good too.Food pretty much all day and drinks. Cocktails in the evening.We had sent an email saying that we were celebrating our anniversary whilst we were there. We had a huge chocolate cake on arrival and a bottle of wine. On the day we were sent a bottle of iced champagne cookies and a teddy for my son. All the staff called us by our name and were so polite. Faultless.I thought Dubai could not be beaten but I think this hotel if you are on the exec floors is just great.We are really sad to be home.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DCA
<Content>Not bad, but can be very overpriced       Standard king room  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	3	2	4	3	3	

<Author>dutchkiwi
<Content>Great for business and leisure Stayed at this hotel for business and the wife came along for the shopping.The location is superb, in the Marina Bay area.The hotel is linked to the SUNTEC City conference centre as well as the Marina Square Shopping Mall. It is a huge mall with great quality shops. A MRT (underground) station is a stiff walk away, however, I have been told that a new station will open up soon right next to the hotel. Otherwise a Taxi is around 3 to 5 Euros to go to Orchard Road or Boat Quay.The rooms are large, with comfortable beds, LCD TV's. The bathrooms have separate shower (a must as far as I am concerned) and a larg tub (a must as far as the wife is concerned). Separate toilet. The hotel has recently been renovated. The restaurants and lobby bar are brand new. The service is outstanding. Exceptional are in the lobby Kamille and Consuela at the business centre on the 22nd floor as well as Audrey at the reception. The breakfast buffet is outstanding and again, the staff so welcoming...A great place to be.It is a great pleasure to stay in this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MollyCardiff
<Content>Good hotel, but a bit disappointed We stayed at the Pan Pacific en route back to the UK from Australia, having previously stayed at Raffles the Plaza on the first leg of the journey (please see my other review).Maybe my expectations were too high following our stay at Raffles the Plaza.We had paid extra for a deluxe king bed balcony room, check-in at 10.30pm on Tuesday was busy but efficient. We were given the key for a room on the 13th floor. Waited about 10 mins to get in a lift, and then found the room had twin beds. I called reception, and this was sorted out quickly and efficiently without any question and we were moved to a new room on the 15th floor.The room was nice, but a bit bland. Bathroom has a small bath, small separate shower and a partioned toilet, so good for sharing. The balcony is large, no balcony furniture (seems to be typical in Singapore), but concrete, so even if you drag chairs outside you can't sit and admire the view. The view overlooking the bay and the Oriental hotel was great. The bed was huge, but not very comfortable and the bed-linen was quite worn. Good Flat screen TV and a small mini-bar area, not very well stocked.Music from the ground-floor bar was quite loud, but did stop well before midnight. The really annoying thing was the pinging noise from the lifts that could be clearly heard from the room, even though we were the other side of the atrium from the lift shafts! Luckily we are both heavy sleepers... Maybe the rooms and the noise levels in the suites on the top floors of the hotel are better.The main lobby area of the hotel is huge, impressive to look at but a bit cold and impersonal. As expected, the hotel was full of business travellers, they hold a lot of conferences here. As tourists, we stuck out like sore thumbs in (smart) casual clothes, and didn't feel we fitted in as well as at Raffles the Plaza.The pool area and the bar next to it was gorgeous - complementary towels and water was a nice touch. Very clean, serene area with a huge beautiful pool. The spa next to it was ok, although my husband was in agony after his sports massage!I tried the room service one evening, and was very impressed - fantastic meal, excellent service and presentation, reasonable prices.The hotel is one of four hotels connected to the Marina Square mall which is huge (great food court upstairs) and next to Suntec City which is even bigger, so good for shopping, and is walking distance to the bay areas, Boat Quay, the business district etc. We popped into the other hotels to have a look, they all have the same large lobby / atrium design with similar 'bullet' lifts. The whole area just seemed a bit to similar, miles of the same thing.Overall, I loved Singapore (please see my other review for tourist tips) and this was a good hotel, but for the price I expected better, and there are more interesting areas of the city to stay in.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>qsqmqa
<Content>Great Location and Services Spent 4 nights at this hotel. Was very pleased with services, staff and location. Breakfast had a great selection. The hotel is connected to a nice shopping mall and, more improtantly, to the Suntec Conference Centre. A very good hotel all around.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>FellowTraveller_7
<Content>Great Singapore hotel Excellent accommodation a short underground walk from the City Hall MRT station  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mandyclan
<Content>Great base for everything We arrived at this hotel tired and needing a shower after our flight from Dubai. The hotel was lovely and to make our day we received an upgrade to an executive room, which also included free breakfast and access to the free lounge where we could get free drinks and nibbles in the afternoon and evening. The room was large, bathroom brilliant, remote roller blinds on the windows and not just one but two. We had a great sleep in the comfortable bed. Quite close to all the attractions like Clarke Quay and Raffles. The glass lifts go really fast and its great seeing the city, my partner found it a bit scary but at the end he was able to look out. Bars and restaurants at the hotel are very contemporary and relaxing. Would recommend this hotel to everyone as staff and hotel are fabulous. Will go back definately.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pinkcustard
<Content>Fantastic Hotel!!       looking down from the 22nd floor  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RMDJakarta
<Content>Happy to stay again We booked this hotel based on reviews we had seen,unfortunately our stay was affected by a problem beyond the staffs control.Front of house was helpful,courteous and a pleasure to deal with.We were hapy with location,as we didnt mind walking or taxiing around.To the unfortunate part.After retiring to our room for a well needed rest,no sooner had we fallen asleep,when a loud noise(bang) occured then a hissing noise.Immediately we awoke to an acrid smell permeating throughout our room,choking us.Our Mini bar had self destructed, leaking ammonia into our room.Once notified the Hotel staff were helpful and moved us to another room,where we were checked upon for the next hour or so,to ensure we were ok.It was also explained to us that we would not be charged for our stay and that any drinks/tea/coffee would be complimentary.We received a letter from the GM apologising and feel that the Management and staff Of The Pan Pacific were extremely helpful and genuinely concerned with our well being.Overall we felt that the Hotel was reasonable at the price without being too flash,the service though was great.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Aksel
<Content>Singapore, The Pan Pacific, company given vacation       Pool area  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TonyKIreland
<Content>Pan Pacific....a good 5 star hotel! We spent 4 days at t he pan pacific and I have to say that is worth the money you pay.The stuff is very polite, the rooms are spacious and the services provided like pool, free internet access (careful though as this apply only from the 22nd floor up) the Reception, the beautiful glass lifts with panoramic view are great.Everything, of course, is more expensive compare to the city center prices but what do you expect...is a 5 star hotel....  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Berkshire_UK
<Content>Great hotel       The pool area  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>FirstClass59
<Content>Pacific Club Rooms First stay at the Pan Pacific. I was travelling alone on Business. Since there are a number of reviews on the hotel I thought I would focus on the Pan Pacific Club Floor. Simply, the Hotel and Staff were excellent. The Club floor rooms are on upper floor of the Hotel providing outstanding views of the city. Upon arriving at the hotel you go the the Pacific Club Desk and are then escorted to a private checkin area on the 33rd floor. The elevators to the checkin desk are on the exterior face of the building offering spectacular views of the city. Upon checkin you will be greeted by the most hospitable of hosts who will remember you name the entire stay. You will recieve a cool fresh fruit drink and towel while being quickly checked in. Staying on the Pacific Club floor offers a number of ammenities that make it worth the additional price. First there are lounges on the 33rd and 34th floor for Pan Pacific Club guests. The 33rd Floor Lounge is open 24 hours with complimentary coffee, tea , juice and light snacks. Complimentary is the theme while staying on these floors... Choice of breakfast is served on the 33rd floor ( American) , the Lobby Lounge ( Continental) ; Global Kitchen Restaurant ( Buffet) or in-room dining. There is afternoon tea ( 3-5PM), Cocktails and Hors d'Oeuvres ( 5:30-7 PM) and Liquor Service ( 8-10) on the 34th Floor Club. In addition there is a complimentary in-room mini-bar stocked daily with beer, Liquor, water and soda. Internet access and local calls as well as the pressing of 3 garments are also complementary. The rooms are very spacious and well appointed. Plenty of storage as there are two closets and numerous dresser draws. There is an ironing board and iron in each room. The room has a large flat panel TV and DVD player. The Bathroom is very large and luxurious. Marble everywhere. L'occitane bath products , hair dryer, shaving kits , tooth brush and paste are included. There is a seperate shower and bath. There are a number of very good restaurants in the hotel. Even with all the ammenties the outstanding service throughout the hotel is what really stood out.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BabyGirl84
<Content>The best review in the world!       Selections from the Atrium Deli  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Skeoughs
<Content>Outstanding We always check reviews on this site but have never written one, except it would be wrong not to say how amazing this hotel is. To be honest it was part of a 2 day stay over in Singapore on the way back from Oz so we didnt really care where Trailfinders put us, but from the moment we walked into the lobby and saw the Blade Runner type lifts we were enthralled. The room was extremely comfortable, we cannot have feathers in the duvet etc, which they had, but on ringing the concierge the whole bed linen was changed within 20mins.We have to mention 2 of the fantastic restaurants in this hotel.One was serving thier local food for breakfast, hot with all the sauces, I've never eaten so much (an Im usually a cereal person) but the Indian restaurant was outstanding, we have never eaten so well. Unfortunately when we were staying it was the last few days before it was being re-decorated and they were closing off the kitchens from viewing which we think will be a pity.The pool (as you can see from the pics) was an excellent size and the gym was extremely well equipped.On our last day we did some sight seeing and obviously had checked out, but we were provided with towels for showering and freshening up in their beautiful changing rooms beside the pool.This is defenitely the best hotel we have stayed in for quite some time and we would absolutely recommend it to anyone who wants and excellent hotel is a superb location within walking distance of the major malls and Raffles.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>littlemissB
<Content>honeymoon heaven My hubby and I stayed at the pan pacific as a 2 day stop over before going on to Bali. I wish we'd stayed longer.The service in the hotel was amazing. We had an executive room so had access to the benefits of the business lounge which was lovely. I would definately stay at the hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ralphtoronto
<Content>Enjoyed our stay We really enjoyed our stay at the Pan Pacific. The staff were extremely accommodating and provided us with complimentary refreshments while we waited in the cafeteria for our room to be ready as we had arrived very early in the morning.The hotel has an excellent gym and pool and is near a few good breakfast locations.The only thing we would do differently would be to catch a regular taxi to the airport and not a hotel one as it was twice the price.I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>EasyNote
<Content>Fantastic What a fantastic hotel! This was our first stop over on our round the world trip and we weren't dissapointed. The rooms and other hotel ammenities were great. we were upgraded upon our arrival to a suite which was very well furbished and had fantastic views of the city sky line. Its in a good location in which to explore the rest of the city. I would definately reccomend this hotel to anybody. we'd love to go back.....maybe one day!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Steph_and_Mart
<Content>Good choice We got a great deal through expedia. We are generally used to 3 star accomodation, and therefore really appreciated this luxury.  The staff were friendly but left you alone when not required. The room was beautifully styled with top spec marble bathroom. The bar and food prices were expectant of four star, but a relax in the atrium bar was worth one drink.We used the pool area everyday to escape the heat, and it wasn't busy at mid-morning time.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Hburn10
<Content>Great experience marred by room reservation staff       The bed  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	4	3	

<Author>lightspeeder
<Content>2nd time back       Standard room  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fauzia
<Content>Great location, nice rooms! The rooms: We stayed in Singapore for 2 nights. The hotel was quite nice. We had a look at many other hotels in the area to find what else there was, but rooms were quite pleasant here. Nicely furnished and great ambience. Conatined everything necessary!The hotel: The hotel itself is very open inside. It is hollow, exposing each floor from the very top to the bottom level. It has very spacious floors. When you leave your room and look over the balcony, you can see the lobby bar. The external view we had from our room was quite dissapointing as it was obstructed by a concrete beam. The location: The hotel is very convenienty located to many shopping malls which are all in walking distance, there are many other surrounding hotels. Service: Service is very good, staff are extremely friendly and are always willing to help.Breakfast: Huge variety for breakfast, both continental and hot which includes the usual western cuisine as well as eastern.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Melbourne8
<Content>What a hotel! What a hotel! Just a quick note on the place. The building is unbelieveable, the decor is top quality and really does make you feel small! Great staff, nice pool and facilities. Only slight issue I would have would be the internet connection, but please don't let that put you off.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>rmwhitt
<Content>Good location, especially for shoppers The Pan Pacific is located in Marina Square, adjacent to a shopping mall that connects to another shopping mall that connects to another shopping mall, and another...well, you get the picture. Singapore is known for its shopping opportunities and this hotel allows both the shopper and the sightseer to enjoy themselves. You can literally walk for miles underground, or surface and visit the Esplanade (river area) or Boat Quay/Clark Quay before returning to airconditioned spendor of the vast underground.I travel to Singapore every year and this is my first stay at Pan Pacific. If you like to walk, you can get around the city on foot easily from this hotel, or you can use the MRT/public transport (train) which is very user friendly. Taxis are very inexpensive but traffic can be tough. The hotel was very nice, a good 4*. I snagged it at a great rate of US$120 when other hotels (lesser or equal ones) cost $180 or more. It's comparable to Swissotel and better than the M or the Amara. The room was a good size, soothing in decor. It was typically outfitted in standard 4* comforts. Big shower stall was a pleasure to use (no tub). The outdoor pool was nice, as was the dry sauna in the pool area.I did not eat in the hotel but there are a couple of restaurants and an active lobby bar with singer/entertainment at night.Service was attentive and pleasant.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BrianBrown
<Content>Nice hotel Nice hotel and rooms. Hotel is linked to Suntec which has a lot of shops, S$5 taxi ride to Orchard road, Boat and Clark Quay  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Smiley2!
<Content>Wow! We have just returned from the holiday of a lifetime thanks to the fabulous staff, and Manager, Mr Scott Swank, at the Pan Pacific Hotel! We had originally booked 2 deluxe rooms with a connecting door with no breakfast (Quite expensive) On arrival, we were welcomed by three very charming members of staff who presented me with red roses (It was our 15th Wedding Anniversary and my Husband's Birthday whilst travelling) and took a photo of us all (Family of 4 with 2 children) The photos (2 different ones) were presented to us later on during our stay in a presentation folder with personal hand written messages. We did not go to the check in desk but were escorted up to our ..........newly refurbished Business Executive Suite where check in took place! (Upgraded to beyond our wildest dreams!)We thought we had won the lottery as there were 3 bathrooms, 3 plasma TV's, dining and lounge areas as well as a contemporary 4 poster bedroom with a walk in dressing/bathroom and a twin bedroom for my two children (Who were given beautifully wrapped teddy bears)On the dining table, there were two handmade cakes which were huge, one for my Husband's Birthday and one for our Wedding Anniversary. There was also fruit, chocolates and biscuits.Our upgrade included buffet breakfast each day, canapes and drinks each evening, round the clock snacks and even an invitation to a cocktail party! On the Saturday, we even arrived back from a day out to find two plates of cakes!Every single member of staff at the PP ensure that you feel like a special guest and we would have no hesitation to stay at this fabulous hotel next time we are in Singapore!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bmarshall
<Content>Unbelievable building       Internal view of floors/rooms  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>RNoon
<Content>Wow what a hotel We stayed here for a 2 night stay after travelling around Australia for 4 months as we fancied a bit of luxury before going home and boy did we find it. The Hotel was beautiful, we were given a free upgrade upon arrival and were on floor 33. This meant getting the outside glass lifts which are not for those afraid of heights but what a view over the city. The room was wonderful, clean, good soundproofing and lots of little extras like bath salts, slippers and bath robes. It is situated perfectly and we could walk everywhere with a little help from the staff as to what door to take...there are loads as this is one huge hotel. The breakfast was lovely, fresh and every choice you could think of. In fact the only negative I could think of would be the cost of drinks in the lounge but for a top notch hotel like this it really was to be expected and certainly wouldn't put me off of going again.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SofiaReiziger
<Content>Very nice hotel We stayed in another hotel in Singapore but were unhappy with it so we decided to move. Found a room in Pan Pacific and were very glad that we chose this hotel.The room we had was very clean, the bathroom was immaculate and the view from our balcony was fantastic. The staff was very helpful and accommodating. They let us check in early and even upgraded us to a room on a business floor. As previous reviews said, the music could be heard from the atrium in the evening but it was not loud enough to be a bother. Breakfast was very good with many different choices: American, European or Asian style.We will definitely stay there again whenever we visit Singapore  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lb514
<Content>FABULOUS hotel!!!       Interior of the Pan Pacific  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>visitorHongkong
<Content>Very Disappointed After reading the reviews from the tripadvisor, we decided to stay at the Pan Pacific. We stayed here for 5 nights... The hotel's location is great! Nice malls all around and the area is very safe. We brought our 2 kids with us and it was quited convinient to move around, taxi's were easy to find. The room was just average, nothing fancy...What disappointed us was the room's cleanliness. The carpet was not cleaned everyday, we noticed this after the 2nd night..our son walks barefoot around the room and his sole would always turn black from the dirt in the carpet. The bathroom was not cleaned very well too, the sink was clogged even on our first day...We had to call housekeeping to come and clean the toilet again since it wasnt cleaned well. We wanted to check out after the 3rd night! I dont think we'll be staying there again.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dan_Sin_Kween
<Content>Should Be A Deluxe!       Atrium Bar  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	-1	4	5	-1	

<Author>mchowdhury
<Content>Fantastic Contemporary Hotel We stayed at the hotel as part of our honeymoon. Got upgraded to the panaromic room, worth the extra hype. Amazing views from balcony over looking the Singapore Harbour / River. Amazing atrium, and external lifts. Great roof top pool and gym. Great reception. Rooms and service all excellent too. Cant fault the place. Location in Marina Square.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	4	3	

<Author>sixfoursixnyc
<Content>Convenient Luxury Having studied there during my college days--I had a good sense of which areas in Singapore would be best for booking a quality hotel that isn't extravagantly over-priced (ahem--Fullerton!). The Pan Pacific Singapore is an immaculate hotel tower with impressive views and a great location that is quite close to major points of interest. I traveled with my sister, who tends to be picky about things like cleanliness and strength of air conditioning and even she was thoroughly impressed!!! The Pan Pacific is convenient by taxi to any location in Singapore and just a short walk away from the Merlion and the Quays which offer scenic views and a great chance to experience the beauty of Singapore. The showers/baths are immaculate and made us not want to leave the place! The only drawback is the expensive cell phone rentals and internet.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Simpkeys
<Content>Comfortable for a family We stayed at the Pan Pacific on our way home from Thailand and I was pleasantly surprised by the level of service at this hotel. Everyone from the reception people to the pool staff made our stay very enjoyable. The pool is easily accessible and has a shallow end with wide stairs that was perfect for my 3 and 6 year olds.The MRT station is a pretty good hike from the hotel. It took us around 15 to 20 minutes to walk there. This wasn't a problem until we were coming home a little late one night and I had to carry our youngest child who was fast asleep. The one annoying thing for us was the lounge singer in the atrium. Because the hotel is open in the middle, the sound carries all the way up and could be heard quite clearly in our room on the 16th floor. The music ends around 11:30.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>aribari
<Content>in one word: excellent My room was not available on my early arrival (~7 am). I told the receptionist that I had to attend a meeting at 9 am, so she immediately offered me a guest room, where I could have a shower, and change. Excellent complimentary services for business travelers.The staff is free and easy, and tries to settle all requests with considerate kindness.The bar is open till late hours, and offers some really tasty snacks.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RAMY1
<Content>great customer service Stayed her for 2nts on our return journey back to the uk after being in Austalia for a month. Arrived early hrs of the morning so wanted a speedy check-in which we got. Hotel also upgraded our room as they had over booked, so that was a nice surprise.We had requested a cot for our little boy which wasnt in the room so we had to wait 20 min for this to arrive and it looked more like a cage,than a childs cot so didnt bother putting our little boy in it. The room was pretty standard and I was a little dissapointed, as this was meant to be a 5 star hotel. The decor was dated and in need of a a good refurb.But the bed was huge and very comy. The breakfast was fantastic- something for everybody and the service was second to none. Our little boy was also given his own plasic plate, knife  folk. So very child friendly. The pool area was clean and towels were provided along with complimentary bottles of water. The service from the staff at the pool area was again very good, nothing was to much trouble, they offered us apples and lollypops and very cold towels to freshen up.(great service). The drinks were a little overpriced, but think this is to be expected in any half decent hotel. We didnt eat in the hotel on an evening so cant comment on the other restaurants. When we checked-out our transport had not arrived and the lady from reception stayed with us at the front of the lobby and contacted the tour operator on our behalf to chase them. She didnt need to contact them as they were only 5min late but she toke this upon herself without being asked to do so. So again great customer service. to sum up our stay- even though I was dissapointed with the room  decor, due to the excellent service we recieved we will stay here again and would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	3	2	4	3	5	2	-1	

<Author>EuropeDuck
<Content>More than perfect! We stayed there in April for 10days and it was perfect.Refering to some reviews of other visitors it is true,that there is a karaoke singing in the late evening every day.Our room was at the 11th floor and up there we didn麓t hear anything. The staff was very friendly and helpful. And as we had a late departure they offered us a hospitality room to refresh ourselves. The room was quite large and more than clean.The cleaning lady even took off her shoes before entering our room. The hotel is situated in the middle of a shopping mall and if you arrive from the airport by the MRT, get off at City Hall and just follow the signs to the Marina square shopping center. So you can get to your hotel througout an endless airconditioned mall.You don麓t need to take breakfast at the hotel (expensive), there are plenty of opportunities in the Marina Square mall. Be sure to give Bread talks a try! There is also a rather big supermarket (Carefour) in the Suntec City Center.If we are going to Singapore again we will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>candy22
<Content>Loved We have just got back from a trip to Australia stopping off at Syngapore. We stayed at the Pan Pacific for a few nights, what a lovely hotel, the staff so helpful could not do enough for you. Our flight home was late in the evening but thay let us keep our room for quite a few hours after we should have checked out. It was worth going to this hotel just for their breakfast thay were amazing. Would certainly go back again and would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sammie4
<Content>Yet again, the Pan Pacific did not disappoint!! This was my 2nd stay at the Pan Pacific in two months, both for business purposes. I again stayed on the Business Exec floor which houses good size rooms, large beds  ample bedding  bathroom amenities. From Reception upon arrival to Reception on your departure you are treated like the very first customer through their door. Their services are outstanding and their staff are v.polite  impressive. Their breakfast selection is overwhelming  ample a great start to a busy or relaxing day. Taxis are in abundance should your require them  the majority of these are metered providing you peice of mind.During my stay notification of refurbishment on some floors was being circulated so it will interesting to see what these refurbished rooms will look like upon completion. As previously advised this hotel is in a great location for shopping especially as it is situated minutes away from the marina  the famous Orchard Road - a shoppers paradise.I can think of nowhere better to stay when visiting Sinapore  the Pan Pacific will always be my first choice of hotel.  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DtotheC7
<Content>Classy hotel       Very comfortable bed  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>globetrotterboy
<Content>Great day and night view from room This hotel is simply fantstic. It boasts an excellent location with minutes o the bustling city center and shopping close by. The room was not bad, pretty nice, nothing fancy like a W or Westin though - but very god for the price we paid. If breakfast is not included in your room rate then do ot go into the hotel restaurant to have brekkie as it is expensive at S$42 per head. Rather go to Starbucks or other nice breakfast eateries nearby.  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>terravisum
<Content>Very nice hotel My flight comes in a bit early around 8AM and the quick cab ride to the Pan Pacific got me into the hotel lobby around 9AM.As it was early, I was notified by the front desk that my room was not ready and promptly invited me to the lobby lounge/bar for a complimentary drink while the hotel setting up my room. One cup of cappuccino later and I was invited to check out my room.The room was a good size room with a large King bed. I have a nice view to the Marina and can see the Merlion from my window. The bed was comfortable and clean. Probably one of the best hotel room that I have seen so far aside from the Singapore Grand Hyatt.The walk-in bathroom is a large size with separate shower and bathtub. The room is stocked with standard amenities of shampoo, conditioner and lotion. A complimentary shoeshine service is also available as part of the room. There are live band music every night from 7PM-11PM in the lobby and since the Pan Pacific is an atrium-type hotel, if you like to sleep early and have issues with sounds, you might want a high-floor room. There are bird-chirping sound in the atrium in the morning but I think they are just sounds playing from loudspeaker than real live birds.Turned-down service is done everyday around 6PM. The service is attentive with an accent on security. There are always several security guards manning the entrance from outside to the connecting entrance from the shopping complex nearby.The location is a bit off from Orchard road but it has good way to get on the freeway to the airport.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	3	

<Author>OldBear
<Content>A Great Hotel, Dont Miss Out! What a great Hotel. We stayed here at the end of March 07 for three nights. Having travelled from the UK with Singapore Airlines we used our 'Boarding Pass Privelage' to book an offer direct with the hotel which included breakfast. We arrived direct from the airport at 08:00 hours and asked if there was 'any likelyhood' of checking in early as check in time is 3 pm. We were given our room at 10.45am.Breakfast at the hotel is buffet style with an extensive range of foods to suit all. We were on the 19th floor and had an excellent view of the river and city district. Yes we could hear the music and singing, but it ends before midnight, so why not go down to the bar and enjoy? Alcohol in Singapore IS expensive especially wine, but then you do not see any drunkeness on the streets.The location of the 'Pan Pac' is excellent for the Marina Shopping Centre and the MRT. The MRT is an underground train system which is Very safe and cheap.The hotel rooms are spacious, clean and have very comfortable large beds. There is a business centre on a higher floor which allows you use of a computer and Internet for a small charge.There is a 'tour desk' on the 2nd floor where you can book many different trips including the Night Safari. Don't miss Swimming with the Dolphins at Sentosa Island ( Book at .'Underwaterworld' before you go for only 拢50 each.)  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rangus
<Content>Awesome!! Great place,great service, great location, great facilities, great room, great view. There was nothing at all negative about this place. I will be staying here again, loved it.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wbyoungj
<Content>Excellent Hotel The room was clean and neat with a georgous view of downtown Singapore. You're in walking distance of the waterfront and Concert hall complex. We happened to be there on my wife's birthday which they picked up from her passport. When we returned from a morning outing they surprised us with a cake, a fruit plate and a very nice card. The hotel price was reasonable for Singapore. The only downside was the cost of meals; but that seems to be the norm for everywhere we went in Singapore. The service, however, was warm and friendly. All in all it was a wonderful stay.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Lizzy-Lee
<Content>Very nice hotel I stayed here for 4 nights over Easter and had a pleasant stay. Got a fantastic deal through a travel agent making it very good value for money so shop around as even expedia couldn't better it.Generally I find that with hotels it is not the problems but the solutions that can make all the difference and the Pan Pacific dealt well with the issues that came up.The first room I was given had a locked connnecting door to another room through which a lot of noise from the children there could be heard. One call to reception and they quickly moved me to another room without fuss.However the air con in the 2nd room was noisy and cold - again this was repaired quickly when I reported it. The Concierge and reception were all friendly and helpful. The breakfast in the Global Kitchen restaurant was extensive and vey good quality - local expat friends joining me felt it was good value for SNG $35I can see noise from the atium might be an issue on lower floors but only when there is a singer or musician in the lobby bar which is not late or every night. Nice rooms, spacious bathrooms and good toiletries including hair conditioner which was a plus. There is a big pool and gym area which is really nice and well serviced. It felt very safe having to use your room card to access bedroom floors. The atrium is pretty spectacular and gives the hotel a bit of a edge. The bakery/deli even had Hot cross Buns on sale.Having direct access to a huge shopping mall is a plus if you love shopping. There is a Carrefour supermarket in Suntec mall to buy fresh milk, juice or anything else you like and a good food hall next door in the other mall for a cheap lunch. Would certainly stay again if I could get a similar price.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hedge3
<Content>Excellent hotel This hotel was better than we had hoped and we were expecting it to be good! The location is great - right near the harbour, the open top bus stop which goes all over singapore, shopping malls, etc.The rooms are clean and well laid out. The hotel is large but it is organised and friendly. We had excellent service.We had breakfast included and the food was great. All sorts to suit all tastes.Only comment would be that the bar is so expensive we never had a drink there which would have been nice to do.No hesitation in recommending or going back ourselves.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>AsianGeekette
<Content>Cute glass elevators @ PanPac       Pan Pacific Hotel Sg: Fluffy towels in the bathroom  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>mumisme
<Content>Outstanding Service I stayed at the Pan Pacific on a 24hr stopover on my way to Australia, I was traveling alone and was apprehensive about staying in a strange city on my own. The staff at Pan Pacific made me feel very welcome and helped me to feel at ease immediately.I had a room on the Pan Pacific floor (33rd I think) the room and views were outstanding. I ate in the hotel that evening and again the staff helped to alleviate the feeling of being alone with small touches such as giving me a magazine to read as I waited for my meal. Just a small touch which makes all the difference.Breakfast was included and could be taken anywhere in the hotel, I chose to have it in the Pacific Floor Lounge and again the service and food was excellent. My flight was not leaving until early evening and I was encouraged to wait in the hotel for as long as I wished and to avail myself of all the facilities of the pacific floor, including afternoon tea.When I took a taxi to the airport I was overcharged by the taxi driver but even this negative has been changed into a positive by the wonderful staff of Pan Pacific. I had the chance to give feedback to the hotel and mentioned this to them and over the past 3 weeks since I left, they have, traced the taxi firm through CCTV, registered a complaint on my behalf, and secured a refund of the charges from the taxi company which they have since refunded to myself. I could not have asked for better service and would definately reccomend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cmh123
<Content>Excellent hotel Excellent service on arrival and upgraded. Room was very good and the staff friendly and helpful. Could not fault the service or hotel in any way. I would thoroughly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>togs51
<Content>Love the Pan Pac We stayed at the Pan Pacific for 4 days at the beginning of March. This was our 2nd visit to Pan Pac in 15years. The stay was wonderful. The staff excellant especially the gentleman who signed us in when we arrived. Nothing was too much trouble for them. We were celebrating our 28th Wedding Anniversary and they kindly reserved seating for us at the Fullerton Hotel for a breakfast by the sea. Which was so nice. They also made reservations for us at various restaurants e.g. No Signpost and the Jumbo. We were upgraded to a room on the 33rd floor which had views over Suntec and St Andrews. We will stay again at the Pan Pac whenever we travel through Singapore.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>californian
<Content>Disappointed stayed at pan pacific from feb 27 thru march 3rd.check in was pretty smooth and they were nice enough to give me a room as my flight arrived at 7 in the morning.rooms are very nice.but the elevators are slow, very slow.once my wife had to wait for almost 30 minutes.breakfast buffet was disappointing.the plates and other containers were wet.just about every day i noticed it and so did a few others.i was supposed to get a credit of $34(singapore) if i had food at one of the hotel restaurants, which i never received.inspite of my requesting the credit.concierge service was pretty bad. there is an indian restaurant in the hotel.the dinner we had was pretty good, based on that i decided to try their lunch buffet, which turned out to be a disaster.it was 2 pm when i decided to have my lunch, most of the buffet item containers were empty.had to request several times for the bread(naan), waiter gave me two pieces of cold naan. which is a no no in any good indian restaurant.oveall the experience was disappointing.would not stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	5	2	4	3	3	

<Author>Cleo_O
<Content>A comfortable stopover location After a 12 hour flight from London we needed somewhere where we could be guaranteed a good, comfortable sleep and were not disappointed. The staff were very welcoming and professional. The bedroom was immaculately clean and comfortable, featuring a large kingsize bed with a soft white duvet. The bathroom was large and complete with all unguents required for a long hot bath, ideal for winding down after a long flight, If we had any more energy we may have been tempted to a swim in the spacious outdoor pool too. The hotel is situated in Suntech next to a shopping mall and food court, perfect for nipping out for a bowl of noodles in the evening, or breakfast in the ground floor outdoor cafe next to the mall, 2 mins walk away from the hotel (the only downside of the Pan Pacific was the slightly expensive hotel breakfast). The hotel is also walking distance from Clarke Quay, home to some of the best satay in Singapore. Pan Pacific definitely hits the spot for a good night's rest and a good location.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>philippineeagle
<Content>My Kids Loved It       The exterior elevators access the higher floors.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rubberplanter
<Content>Great Hotel On my regular trips to Singapore over the years,, I always stay at the Pan Pacific and so far, it has not let me down. It is a true 5 star hotel in an excellent city.Service is very good and friendly and the rooms are quiet, comfortable and well maintained. The hotel is in a good location connected to an enormous modern air conditioned shopping mall through which you can walk right into town and the nearest MRT ( underground train) station. The hotel is also very helpful in letting you check in early morning after a long flight from Europe.One small complaint. Due to the hollow atrium of the hotel (which is very spectacular), the noise from a resident singer and band at the cocktail lounge on the ground floor can be heard in the rooms on the lower floors in the evenings. The singing seems to, however, stop at midnight and it is not that loud.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>HinduMystic
<Content>The Pan Pacific - Cool, Quite and Convenient and definately worth Consideration Due to the lack of double beds at the Mandarin Oriental, we decided to stay at he Pan Pacific and it was an excellent choice.We were in Singapore to celebrate my wife's 40th birthday and our 1st Wedding Anniversary.Check-in was quick and efficient and the Hotel kindly upgraded our room as it was my wife's birthday. They sent a delicious Cake and flowers to our room on the day of her birthday which was a nice touch.The Rooms are nice and airy with a huge comfortable bed. Floor to celing window means you can see Singapore out side and the views are great.All the rooms have wireless Internet access and you can use the Business floor if you need to but this can be a bit expensive.The hotel staff are excellent and polite. We didn't have to call anyone for anything the whole time we were there. Sit out in shaded comfort and have some food at Brunch on the 4th Floor, The pool is just around the corner, They do all-day breakfast for those that missed breakfast, which we did everyday!!!The Indian restaraunt Rang Mahal was closed for refurbishement, but all the food places were execellent as wellThe Atruim Bar can get very busy after 5.00pm but its a cool place to have a drinks and chill out and listen to the live musicThe hotel is in a really good location, right next to two malls, Marina Plaza and Suntec City Mall, the later being the bigger and having a superb selection of restaurants.We would definately stay here again and would have no hesitation in recommending this to any readers out thereThe City Hall MRT station is a short walk away and if you cut through the City Link Mall, you can get to it in air-conditioned comfort.Buy an EZ-Link Pass if you plan to use the MRT as it will save you money and if you hand it in after you finish with it you get 3SD back plus any money still left on the card.Things to do while in Singapore:Sentosa Island - Go by Cable car and wonder around the island. Go during the week to avoid the crowdsChinatown/Little India - experience some of the culture and shoppingBukit Timah Nature Reserve Trek through the only tropical Rainforest in Singapore.Take lots of water and prepare to climb lots of stepsNight Safari Fun and well organised night out to see some of the animals that you dont normally get to see. Take a cab to the Zoo...it's a lot easier and costs about 11-15 SGD. Try and get something to eat early as the restaurants at the Night Safari close abour 11-1130pmOrchard RoadShopping, shopping and more shoppingSIM LIM Square For All your electronics stuff ...remember to haggle!Raffles Singapore Sling at the Long Bar- overated, but has to be doneDrinks at the Axis Lounge, Mandarin Oriental HotelEnjoy a drink in the chic, intimate atmosphere where you can listen to cool downtempo tunes while watching Singapore at night.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>MrandMrsA
<Content>Great Hotel Highly Recommended We stayed at the Pan Pacific Hotel in Sinagpore at the start of January for 3 nights and we loved it. To start of our trip we were upgraded to an executive suite. And it was gorgeous, the size of the suite is amazing and very comfortable. The location of the hotel is quite good and you can get to most places by taxi or mrt anyway. The breakfast options were good, providing continental options.The Hotel is quite pricey but its definitlely worth it if you can afford to stay here. Mr and Mrs A  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>loopylady
<Content>Amazing hotel! The Pan Pacific is absolutely brilliant! If you are going to Singapore, choose this hotel. We stayed there for 3 nights in November 2006 and didn't want to leave. Everything about it was superb - The staff, the rooms, the lobby, bar, etc etcThe beds are SO comfortable! Best nights' sleep we've had in ages. The reception staff were so welcoming and the general atmosphere in the hotel is magical. The lobby area is quite impressive (atrium style) with glass elevators. It is located in the business district but easily accessible to shops, restaurants.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mikeyy
<Content>Outstanding       view from room  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pusspuss
<Content>Very comfortable hotel in convenient location I would happily return to teh Pan Pacific any time. In fact, we tried to work out whether we'll afford to live there instead of paying two mortgages back home. It was sooo comfortable. Arrived late am from an overnight train journey looking a bit ruffled. We were offered a room there and then, although not our choice, and decided to wait for a double and asked for a place to change. Amazingly, we were then whisked to a day room where we could shower and change, and upon or return alter, out luggage had been taken to our room. On the fire-escape plan I could see it was the smallest room on the floor, but is was also a corner room with a good view and zero noise, and still spacious. I agree with one of the previous posters that the decor is a bit dated, but the rooms have been nicely updated with more contemporary fabric, ultra-comfy Aeron work chairs and stylish desk lamps. Yes, the atrium with its fake plants screams 1980's yuppie abode, I am not sure about the quaint artwork in the communal areas and above our bed, and I would have loved to rip out the crumpled old rubber shower curtain that was like an ugly pimple in our otherwise sumptuous marble bathroom. We also ate at the Chinese restaurant and visited the pool many times. The Chinese restaurant is on the 37th floor and while the decor is really bland and the floor doesn't revolved and the windows are misted up so you cannot see out very well the food here is phantastic. Singapore is generally a good place to eat, and food is plentiful and cheap in many food centres, but this was many notches up and justified the comparably high price. The pool area was nice, shape of the pool a little naff, not good for laps, but clean water and not too chlorinated. There were harldy ever any other people in the pool so I feel its size is adequate even for a large hotel like this. I kept looking out for the Marina MRT station which is already printed in my 2003 LP guide, but unfortunately its still a 15 min walk through airconditioned malls to the nearest MRT at City Hall. Also, if travelling on leisure, it may be better to have a lie-in, as many shops and the excellent Marina Food loft open only at 10am.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>G2WestLothian
<Content>Honeymoon Part 1 We stayed in this hotel in Singapore for the first part of our honeymoon, for four nights. The hotel looked after us very well with flowers and a beautiful chocolate cake on arrival, as well as an upgrade to a balcony room. The room was spacious, with a large bed and exceptionally clean. There were bathrobes and slippers in the room and towels were changed twice a day. The hotel atrium is spectacular and the hotel is well situated for sightseeing, eating out and shopping. There were a number of restaurants in the hotel. We went to the Chinese one on the 37th floor on the first night and perhaps the only thing we didn't like was the way they served the food as compared with what our palate is used to. We were not long off the flight and not too hungry, so ordered soup to start and then 1/2 Crispy Peking Duck for main to share. Only the duck skin was served in the pancakes and after we finished that we got our duck meat mixed with noodles (although we felt this had been taken from a sparrow, as there was not much meat at all!). One afternoon we had food by the pool which was delicious and another evening we had room service and although we only had burgers and wedges - they were fantastic. The hotel also has pool and spa facilities. We used the pool, which has amazing underwater acoustics, but didn't use the spa facilities. Anytime we called the concierge, we found them very helpful.The hotel is also aimed at the business traveller and I found that it catered well for those on business and on leisure. All the staff were very friendly and efficient. I would definitely come to this hotel again if in Singapore and have recommended it to a friend already - who is going in February!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Indiababe
<Content>Wow! Loved it! Wonderful place! From the moment we arrived we were looked after.Excellent location - ladies (and gents) right on the doorstep of 2 shopping centres Marine Square and Suntec City.Getting a taxi couldn't be easier with the doorman calling one - however return journeys can be more tricky so book in advance if possible - however the walk to the city centre is picturesque and safe at night. It takes about 20 mins.Rooms are clean and spacious. Wonderful views over the Esplanade to the Central Business District and Marina Bay with all the skyscrapers.Lifts are incredible with the indoor lift to floor 21 and the external lift to the top floor (37). Well worth getting over the vertigo to see the view!A selection of restaurants including Italian and Chinese and a great selection for breakfast from eggs, bacon, sausage, croissants, fruit, cold cuts and cheese to noodles and Teriyaki chicken.No complaints, can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Chantiklook
<Content>Great hotel       Panoramic room, balcony  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jag1005
<Content>Terrific Hotel       The hotel lifts  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>G&RCheshire
<Content>A great hotel for a honeymoon ever! We stayed here over the Christmas period as the first half of our honeymoon.Our first impressions of the hotel were excellent. We were met from the taxi by a doorman in pristine, traditional dress who whisked our suitcases away and delivered them to our room promptly. Check-in could not have been better and the bunch of red roses we were given were stunning.The room was immaculate and, in my opinion, not at all dated. The bed was immense and extremely comfortable and all of the fixtures and fittings were up-to-date as well as classy. Everyone we came across in the hotel (reception, room service, concierge, cleaning and bar staff) were extremely polite, professional and friendly.The hotel is in a great position in Singapore. It is linked to two good malls and there are plenty of places to eat in both of them. It is within easy walking distance of the Esplanade Theatre on the Bay which is a lovely area down by the water. The only very minor bad point is the MTR building work going on around the hotel at the moment. So you have to learn quickly how to navigate your way through the malls to walk anywhere!Overall, it is a top-quality hotel where we were made to feel like royalty whilst on our honeymoon!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Acker
<Content>Great End to a Memorable Trip This was the final hotel on our round-the-world trip, and did not disappoint. A friend recommended it, and was proved right to do so. We arrived for a 3-night stay late in the evening, and were checked-in and whisked off to our room in a trice. I had, I confess, alerted the hotel to the fact that this was a trip to celebrate our Silver Wedding anniversary, and, unbeknownst to my wife, had asked by e-mail for some flowers in our room, for which I would happily pay. The hotel staff were great, and she got her flowers at the front desk, plus a card. Once installed in a room with a balcony, and a great view of the Merlion in the inner harbour, - this was a free upgrade - we were then surprised by room service who delivered fruit, a cake, and a bottle of champagne!! This set the tone, and we continued to be impressed with the friendliness and helpful attitude of all staff. We breakfasted twice in the Global Kitchen restaurant, which, although not too cheap, and not included in the room price, was excellent. Its worth noting that the price for this is the same whether you eat a large or small breakfast. The pool was very clean, but beware having too many drinks or refreshments there if your budget is a bit slim. Once we checked out -  we asked for a late one as our flight was at 1130pm, the concierge's boys put our bags into secure storage, and we spent some time at the pool bar enjoying a beer. If you opt to have the poolside BBQ dinner, the beer is on free-flow, but - alas! our schedule precluded that meal. We had no complaints at all, and would happily go back any time.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>anilegna
<Content>ok hotel unlike the hotels in the area, ie Marina Mandarin, Mandarin Oriental, Conrad  etc. the facilities are a bit old, which is fine if you're not the one paying for it (I wasn't here on holiday).the location is excellent, in between Conrad Hotel  Marina Mandarin, right next to the shopping centers, office buildings, 20 minutes from the airportthe food is also very good, the Japanese restaurant here is one of the best in town, food ordered via room service is also very good and efficientwhat is a bit rough around the edges is the service, the attitude of the staff at the hotel is good, just not that efficient. I.E. one of the two check in exercises, it took over 5 minutes to be checked in (not counting the amount of time it took in line, but the face to face time... I actually looked at my cell phone to count the time)also during one of the check in exercises, told the girl at the front desk that I had some dry cleaning left behind on purpose while I was in a previous room, gave her the previous room #, and she thought that I wanted the same room ... basically we went around in circles  finally figured out she could not understand what I was trying to say so just told her to forget it  I'd take care of it myself when I'm checked into the room.an ok hotel, I stayed here 2 weeks in a row only because the first we had an offsite there  then a training at Conrad hotel across the street ( wanted to leave my work clothes behind while home in HK for the weekend)  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>g'dayfromdownunder
<Content>Now thats a hotel We stayed at the Pan Pacific Hotel in Singapore, if you ever get the chance stay there, not too expensive but the rooms (ask for the rooms overlooking the bay area) were fantastic, clean, well equipped, spacious, service was great, restaurant in the foyer of the hotel for lunches not too expensive and food fresh and tasty.Room service excellent, and nothing was too much trouble for the staff at the hotel.It is well located and will make the difference to your holiday if you stay there.I would give this hotel a five star even though it only a four star!!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>D-holidayLover
<Content>Not going to stay here anymore When i Check in into the hotel, i need to wait for a long Q....somemore no one offer to help with my luggages, the room is a bit old in style not modern at all, the room in others singapore hotel is much more better like: Ritz carlton, Conrad....just feel like its not worth that kind of money...somemore when i Check out i saw a terrible conversation which is a guy wearing black coat scolding the front office staff very loud, when i ask the concierge staff who is the black coat person, they mentioned is the hotel GM. Is really terrible that the GM scolding front desk staff in the public area, really spoilt the image of the hotel. I personally thinks that the hotel is very terrible, service, management and everything is not worth to be a 5 star hotel.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	1	1	3	

<Author>travellerld
<Content>fantastic hotel. loved it!!!! I stayed in the hotel for a few nights in November thought it was a fantatsic hotel, great views of the city, staff were very helpful.  The room was very spacious and had lot of nice touches to it. We were honeymooners, and when we arrived I was given a bouquet of roses and a congratulations cake was delivered to our room later on. Drink is not the cheapest but if you go to the liquid buffet you pay about 拢15.00 and get to drink for two hours.worth every penny!!!!would recommend this hotel to anyone and would happily go back!!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Happytiler
<Content>Nice hotel, good location Stayed just the one night en-route back to UK. Nice hotel and cheaper than others in the area. Needs a bit of a makeover as the rooms are a bit dated and there are stains on the carpet, etc., but not really much to complain about. Plenty of TV channels.Marina Square shopping mall is on the doorstep as is Millenia Walk and the hotel is also near to Suntec City and The Esplanade so location is great - also very near to the airport, just around 20 minutes even at peak times.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	2	5	-1	-1	

<Author>ms9
<Content>Excellent all around Booked a Panoramic Balcony Room Exclusive direct on hotel website. Arrived after midnight. Check in is divided for arrivals and departures, which I thought was nice.Hotel lobby is very colorful and bar area is fun. We did not stay to have a drink though. There are 10 restraunts within the hotel, indian, italin, buffet etc. but we did not eat there. Across is a mall, and the 4th floor has a hawker center to eat.We are walkers, and hotel is within walking distance to many sites, and the city hall MRT (approx 7 blks). There is an MRT station in the mall across the way but we never used. Taxis are plentiful and cheap. Hotel room was on 30th floor (out of 36) and noise was never an issue. Room is excellent. Recommend this hotel and would stay again.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>jencenny
<Content>Excellent hotel in a great location We stayed at the Pan Pacific for 4 nights and thought it was overall, an excellent hotel. Check in was quick and we got given a room on the eighteenth floor which had a balcony with magnificent harbour views. The only down side to this was the glass elevators that went up the middle of the atrium. Its quite a height from the eighteenth floor and I wouldnt recommend it to people with vertigo! The buffet breakfast was good with a wide selection of international cuisines to choose from. The Atrium bar was on the pricey side but the service was excellent. The best thing about the hotel is it's location. Its about a ten minute walk through air conditioned shopping arcades to the nearest MRT station and even less of a walk to the Esplanade.  I would highly recommend it and would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>daithi01
<Content>An Ecellent Hotel We have just returned from a stay(4nights) at the Pan-Pacific Singapore and must say that it was wonderful.I would definetly stay here again if i was to return to singapore.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>oily
<Content>Great Hotel but finding it! This is a really good hotel. Everything you'd expect. We stopped for 2 nights after a flight from England. I followed previou trip advisors and used the MRT from the airport. No problems, everything went like clockwork. Once you get to City Hall its one hell of a walk to Suntec City and the Pan Pacific (20 -25 mins). Mind you its through air conditioned malls so not much of a problem if you have a suitcase with wheels.On leaving early morning for the airport we ran into problems because the SunTec city mall is closed off and there's no one around to ask. Eventually it did open but it ran us about 20 minutes late for the airport. If you are leaving really early it would be as well to check with the concierge just how you get to City Hall MRT or tak a taxi to the airport  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	4	4	3	

<Author>xplorer1
<Content>Brilliant hotel We stayed here 2 times for (unfortunately) just a night each as part of the beginning and ending of our honeymoon.One would think that for such a short stay you would not be so important as a guest but you are. They are so attentive and would do anything for you. The concierge helped us out with public transport and a rental car and the staff was always there for our every wish.As part of our honeymoon we were given a free upgrade to a wonderfull suite room with views over singapore and a wedding cake!All in all it was a great experience and we will defenately come back. great location, close to airport, great restaurant on top of hotel, a bit expensive but great food!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mdkate1657
<Content>Great location for exploring the city This was the first stop on our honeymoon, we stayed for 3 nights. We arrived at the hotel at 0730 hours after a flight from England. Although we were very early for check- in a room by the time we had eaten breakfast a room was ready.We were in an executive suite on one of the higher floors. We had to get a glass elevator on the outside of the building to our floor, it was a bit daunting at first but we soon got used to it.The room was excellent sized, great bathroom and view across the city. We had champagne, fruit and a chocolate truffle cake waiting for us as it was our honeymoon, this was a very nice touch in what is a predominantly business hotel.The buffet breakfast on the third floor was amazing.Location of hotel was perfect for exploring the city.We ate at the Cantonese restaurant on the top floor with 360 degree views of the city. The food was very good and not too expensive given the standard of the hotel.We had drinks and cocktails in the lobby which although expensive weren't outrageous.Although the hotel is mainly used by business people, it was perfect for tourists too. The pool area was great for cooling off after a days sightseeing. As soon as you arrived there you were handed an ice cold towel and a bottle of cold water to spray yourself with.Would definately recommend this hotel. I had been worried about the noise from the singer in the lobby which other reviews had mentioned, but could not hear it from our room.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>solly26
<Content>Excellent Hotel Excellent Hotel, very central, close to lots of shopping malls. Pool area excellent, although pool was on the cold side, but this was welcomed when the tempature got above 35 degrees!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>miss_flashpacker
<Content>Top Stop Spot       view of the city from the lift  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>bainsey
<Content>wonderful stay Stayed 2 nights en route to cruise ship.Fantastic stay. Great restaurants and bar.We upgraded to suite, had great views but it was just 2 double rooms together. This wasn't necessary as rooms are spacious.Would love to go back.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>divinzia
<Content>Fantastic service, slightly retro (70s) feel, but comfortable. Good gym. Stayed here for a major international meeting in late September. The room rate was somewhat inflated (S$450) but then the entire city held the participants hostage to higher rates. Check-in efficient and friendly. Lobby was slightly retro and jarring in style and a touch dark. Very expensive drinks at the bar and very limited food service anywhere outside the formal restaurants. The rooms were nicely modern and thoughtfully appointed with, at least in my case, a great view. If you are a towering-inferno fear of heights person, however, you won't want to get into the glass pod that zooms up and down to the 25+ floors ... you have been warned.Bathrooms were fine but nothing exceptional. The rest of the room, however, made up for it.Very well equipped gym (although some magazines and less loud-talking radio [more music] would be helpful). Nice pool.Highlight of the culinary aspect was the fantastic indian restaurant here which was one of the best indian meals I have ever had (this from a UK lass who prides herself in hunting down the best curries!). Other (discriminating) friends went to the rooftop Cantonese restaurant and were also impressed.Overall, definitely above average, particularly for the business traveler. Not sure if it would be my destination for a holiday, but perhaps, with some sensible prices.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Sunny123456789
<Content>OK, but that's it Stayed there for 2 weeks in November 2004. Lobby was under renovation so constant noise. Poolarea was also under renovation, had to go to a neighbouring hotel and use their facilities. Rooms were clean and interior ok but the beds were hard. They were very fast to come and add another mattress after I phoned and complained and then it was fine. Were upgraded to the residence floor (since we stayed for 2 weeks) where breakfast was included. A cup of coffee/tea and a pastry and cereal was pretty much what was offered. When you stayed for 2 weeks they had a complimentary limo to pick you up and drop you off at the airport. That was nice. It took us a week before we figured out that were several buses that took you for free to the underground station so we did a lot of walking for the first week. Ok hotel but with the ongoing renovations when we stayed there it definetley didn't have the WOW factor.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>London-Travella
<Content>WHAT panoramic view??? I expressly booked a 'Panoramic' view, expecting a more than 180 degree window or something similar. What we got was a 'standard' king room with a standard window. The view !!) was ridiculous: a glimpse of the city through two massive towers blocking our view: HOW DARE THEY CALL THIS PANORAMIC VIEWS!!! The harbour view room, although requested was no longer available despite us checking in as early as 1.30 pm, VERY DISAPPOINTING and NO MENTION of this on theri website!!!. I did check with reception, thinking we were given a wrong room but was told that all rooms up to the 8th floor are standard deluxe rooms, as the view is blocked by the buildings and anything above that was 'panoramic view'. But hey: our view was ALSO blocked by buildings and we didn't even get the requested harbour view, so WHY is this called a panoramic view, sounds like a con to me, so I tried to negotiate the price down to the standard deluxe rooms (S$35 + tax cheaper) on the basis that basis THAT we didn't actually have a view either but they didn't budge, HOW CRAP IS THAT! If you would like a view and closer proximity to an MRT station at a comparable price, DO go to the Stamford which is MUCH better value. Looking at their mid week prices at around S$300+ through their own website that's absolutely ridiculous!! Just as well we only stayed a night on the Friday at their weekend rate of S$175 (+ tax); otherwise I would have been fuming to get such an average room, well below average view at a premium 5-star rate. I would class this hotel a 4 rather than a 5-star based on our rooms and would suggest that they also offer the city view panoramic rooms at their standard deluxe rate, otherwise customers like me feel well cheated!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	3	2	3	3	

<Author>Pigsick
<Content>Great hotel Great hotel  staff. Only 15 minutes from airport. Taxi's only S$15 (approx 拢5)  well worth it. On way to Australia, stayed Mon/Tue in a superior room on 21st floor with great city/pool view - plenty of room for 2 adults (massive/fab bed)  a child (nice Z-bed). No bar noise. Lovely pool. Food expensive so breakfast at Starbucks (5 mins walk) or Raffles Bakery/Cafe (10mins walk). A plethora of food places in the shopping malls. Saw super fireworks from hotel as it was Singapore's Independance Day when we were there. On way back to UK, stayed Sat/Sun. Got a superior room with a free upgrade-balcony on 18th floor with Quay/Merlion view. Heard hotel singer in our room - didn't cause us any problems tho'. Just something to be aware of. Bought warm crosisants from the hotel bakery  had them in our room with coffee for breakfast! 10min walk to Raffles Hotel - would recommend going there for a Singapore Sling/Tiger beer then a look round the free museum/shop on the 3rd floor. Pan Pacific is a great hotel overall. Would definately recommend it.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>MD6_UK
<Content>Well positioned, helpful staff. No nonsense business hotel based about 20 mins (and 20 dollars) away from airport. Hotel and area recommended by ex pat friend. Couldnt fault price or service. Rooms are immaculate and fairly spacious with plenty of little touches that help weary travellers (toothbrushes, washing powder sachet etc).Hotel is attached to Marina Square mall. From there you can get to the Suntec centre easily without venturing out into the tropical heat. Marina Square has wide range of shops and boutiques including useful large supermarket.Staff attentive when needed - we had them looking after various combinations of bags whilst we travelled. They also do 3pm checkouts for free where availability allows. The use of a room for three hours costs about 30 sing dollars if you need to freshen up on travel days.Internet access is expensive at around 8 sing dollars for 15 mins plus print costs on top.Stylish bar is expensive but is on par with similar hotels around the Island (beer about 14 dollars per bottle, cocktails about 16). It looks good but is one for those on expenses only. Cannot comment on hotel restaurants. Restaurants in Marina square are very good and very cheap. They are certainly not top end and there are a lot of chains (genki sushi etc) however the food is exemplary. For a really cheap meal venture to the food court especially the stall that specialises in the chinese meats.This hotels would suit business travellers and tourists who want a little bit more from a hotel and those who want to be away from the hub bub of Orchard Road. Would not suit those who expect ultra luxury ie the type who like to be carried to their rooms.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Lisa_Birch
<Content>Fantastic!!       City by Night from our room  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>StefanG
<Content>Comfortable Unless You Suffer from Vertigo       Looking down from the 20th floor  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>beijau
<Content>Good location, good value Although I normally stay at the Fullerton and prefer to stay at the Four Seasons, when the money is coming out of my own pocket I have a soft spot for the Pan Pac.The rooms are fine, the beds are fine, and room service delivers promptly. I do agree that the reception staff are not to be commended for their customer service efficiency. Oh well, smile and think of the price you're paying.The same atrium design that I find so cheesy in their San Francisco property kind of works in Singapore. I haven't taken issue with the lighting, by the way; the overall design is not much of an issue unless you want to spend your time inside. With so much air conditioned real estate including untold hectares of shopping malls to be found elsewhere in the Lion City, why hang out here except maybe for champagne in the lounge?Well, let me answer my own question. The spa is competitive on features (lots of rooms, massage treatments), price, and availability. Try getting a massage booking on the weekend in Singapore without many days' advance notice. Good luck! But I like this spa so much I buy discounted block tickets and go back while staying at those other hotels.The Marina Square location is great for working at Suntec City, and a short cab to the business district. No complaints there.If you get a good deal on the room, stay here. If you have to pay up or you are on an expense account, you can do better.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>Reissunainen
<Content>Who turned out the lights? The Pan Pacific is marketed as a high range business hotel with luxurious accommodation and top facilities. While the room was beautiful, as was the view, I could not get over the darkness in the lobby and other public areas. The design of the hotel is quite unique, but having the lights dimmed throughout just gives it a gloomy overall impression - as if the power went off and the back-up generator kicked in! I was also unimpressed by the efficiency of the reception staff as it took forever to check in and out. Also, I had specifically booked an exceptionally early check-in, but as I showed up the hotel was experiencing delays and unexpectadly full and I had to wait for 2 hours in the lobby for a room to be vacated. While this is understandable, I would have expected a hotel of this standard to have a Plan B for waiting visitors, ie. a lounge or something. And finally, the Summerhouse restaurant was being renovated during my stay, which meant non-stop drilling and banging noise from 10am to 10pm. So, even though many things at this hotel are excuisite, the experience was not all that great.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mancunian Steve
<Content>Great Experience I have just returned from Singapore for a 3 night stay and had a great time in the Pan Pacific Hotel.I arrived off a long flight from Europe at 8am in the morning and was expecting to be told that I couldnt check into my room until the afternoon which is normal practice, was really surprised as quite the reverse happened and I was upgraded to a suite for my stay as there were no normal rooms available!!!.The hotel was slightly more expensive than I normally pay for my stays in singapore but I had the special package which included $40 a day credit with the hotels bars which made it a competiive deal, and the hotel is well worth it with an amazing atrium, great pool / Gym and an excellant choice of restuarants.My only gripe was that the free breakfast offered as part of the package was continental style, which was very good but did not include cooked items like bacon, eggs and sausages for which you had to pay about $5 extra.The Hotel is connected to the Marina Mall and is about ten mins walk to the Raffles hotel and Chijmes bar / Restaurant complex ( great place for a night out ! )The main thing I will remember though are the staff, they are everywhere you go, incredibly helpful and really make your stay here five starred. Overall an excellant experience and as long as I can get the package deal again I will definitely be returning.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Fondofgoodtravel
<Content>Very Pleasant Stay We wanted a relaxing and peaceful 4 night stopover en route to New Zealand. Relaxing and peaceful not being the words I'd choose to describe Singapore but we were well aware of this! For this reason we opted to avoid hotels in the Orchard Road area and Marina Bay seemed a quieter area.We arrived at about 8am in the morning absolutely exhausted and we hoped and prayed that the PP would be able to find us a room although we were aware that if they ahd every right to turn us away till the check in time of 3pm. Reception staff were extremely accommodating and said a room would be ready in an hour. Check in was slow but the fact that we wre promised a room in an hour and were given free late check out meant that everything was forgiven!We sat in the bar area and ordered 2 soft drinks - definitely not cheap! Looking up at the lifts was entertaining for an hour and before long our room was ready. The room was quite typical large, corporate hotel style. King size bed, fridge, water, tea and coffee, safe, room to put the cases, bath robes, slippers and a decent view of the skyscrapers. Bathroom was large - deep tub as well as shower cubicle. The bed was extremely comfortable or that could have been due to the 18 hr flight we'd had!Pool area was pleasant enough - not the largest but loungers were clean and it provided respite in the midst of the bustling city. We ate one night at Hai Tien Lo, the Chinese restaurant on the 37th floor and had to take the exterior lifts all the way up. First time up I had to close my eyes and could feel my knees trembling but after that had several trips just to enjoy the views! Food was absolutely delicious - expensive meal but worth it. Try the cod in Moet and Chandon sauce - perfect! Service was subtle and non intrusive. The whole meal was a lovely experience and very romantic.There was building work going on around the hotel which did make walking difficult but walking in Singapore is always difficult given the stifling heat. That's the why the cheap taxis are so great!Go for Sunday champagne brunch at the Ritz Carlton ($50 per head) which is truly an experience. Unlimited vintage Moet champagne, lobster, sushi, 10 different types of oysters, roast meats, ommelettes to order, hot food, 63 different cheeses, white and dark chocolate souffles to order, numerous desserts... Expensive but such value for money!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>char645
<Content>Fantastic hotel with minor problems This was my first trip to Asia and the third continent I've ever set foot on (unless if you consider Europe and Asia one continent.) I walked into the atrium, and it's the absolute most gorgeous and colorful hotel atrium I've seen! The staff was plesant and cooperative. They gave us free breakfast at the Summer House every morning, one of seven restaurants in hotel itself. The elevators are also a marvel, especially the outside ones, although they face the hotel side of the town, not downtown. When I finally got into the room, I liked the nice oversized doors and key holder, but I was slightly dissapointed at how small the room seemed. The room itself (excluding the bathroom) was also quite blank and lacking color unlike the rest of the hotel. The deluxe rooms did look a little better by judging at its photos on their website. The executive centre was a nice way to keep in touch and e-mail people at home. The other nice feature was the connecting corridor to Suntec City Mall and the fourth floor garden. As for the restaurants, they were decent. The coffee wasn't that good at the Summer House, but the tea and fruit were fabulous! We also had cocktails at the Atrium Lounge, which came with an odd assortment of snacks: dried calamari, mustard coated peas, and (sigh) mixed nuts. It may or may not be the custom, but nevertheless, it seemed strange to us. Overall, it was a satisfying hotel with minor problems.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely fantastic hotel Having stayed in many other Singapore hotels, I thought I'd give Pan Pacific a try as I like the Marina Bay area and also that expedia were offering very attractive rates.What an amazing hotel! From the moment you check in, you are treated with such fantastic customer service and made to feel really at home.The lobby is spectacular with fancy lighting, angles and sparkling glass lifts going up and down. My room was on the 32nd floor with the best view of downtown Singapore I have ever seen. My room itself was also beautiful - really spacious with massive bed, TV and really stunning bathroom.I was on the leisure package which includes SGD$40 per day worth of food and beverages and so I had quite a bit of room service. The food was absolutely delicious and reasonably priced.I went to the gym a couple of times and was pleasantly surprised at the good selection and excellent condition of the equipment. The pool was also great.Had a few cocktails in the Atrium bar which were very good, but a little pricey at nearly $20 per drink.The location of the hotel is great - it's right by 3 big shopping malls so you have immediate access to all the shops you want (bring a big suitcase with you). There is also very easy access to the Central Business District (5 minutes in a taxi) and it's close to the river with the Boat Quay and Clarke Quay restaurants. If you want to be near Orchard Road, chose a different hotel, but I really prefer the Marina Bay location as there is more variety of things to do. And in any case, even if you do want to go to Orchard Road it's only about 10-15 mins in a taxi.All in all, this hotel is one of the best I have ever stayed in. Real luxury and fantastic service at affordable prices.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CSET
<Content>An excellent start to a holiday of a lifetime Stayed at the Pan Pacific for 2 nights in March 2006 and we were impressed from the moment we arrived - although I would agree that the reception staff weren't overly cheery and personal.Upgraded our room (as appears to be the norm) to one on the 17th floor with a seaview and the most amazing view of Singapore. The bed was huge as was the bath, and the room a good size and clean. Loved the fact that the hotel was attached to the Marina Square Mall, and the walk to City Mall MRT took no time at all. The bar / reception area of the hotel is lovely, the glass lifts making it very attractive. We didn't eat at the hotel but we did have drinks in the bar - they were expensive, but we expected that, and the bar had a nice atmosphere and the waitresses looked stunning and they and the bar staff were very friendly.We used the pool on 3 occasions and went to the gym once. Take a bottle of water with you and don't expect it to be huge, but there were enough machines for a decent work out. The pool area is attractive with nice sunloungers and a very clean pool. In all we loved it at this hotel. It was a stopover on our way to New Zealand and we were were glad we chose to stay here.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Riverfrog
<Content>Very nice central hotel in downtown Singapore We stayed for 8 days/7 nights at the Pan Pacific Hotel in downtown Singapore in March 2006. It was our first trip to Singapore, so we did not know what to expect. Thankfully, we enjoyed our stay very much. We checked in to our hotel on the 20th floor, a non-smoking room with a king sized bed. It was nice, spacious, and very clean.The best thing about the hotel is its easy access to public transportation. To get from the hotel to the City Hall MRT (train) station, you don't even need to walk outside, just through air-conditioned malls and walkways. The MRT takes you almost everywhere you could want to go, although for some of the more far-out places (like the Zoo or Bird Park), a cab is quite cheap and is easy to get from the front of the hotel. We took a cab from the hotel to the airport in the early morning and it only cost S$14.The Pan Pacific is located in the Marina Square Mall. If you love shopping, there are two other malls all within walking distance and connected to each other (Suntec City Mall and Raffles City Mall). Make sure to visit the Fountain of Wealth in the Suntec City Mall and follow the ritual! Also, take advantage of the many money changers in the mall. Try to get small bills if you can ($5 and smaller) to use for train fare as change is limited to $4.The hotel is very centrally located to everything. It is walking distance to museums, malls, the Esplanade performing arts center, famous Merlion, Clarke Quay (pronouced kee for all us clueless Americans ;), riverboats, restaurants, and more. So very convenient.The hotel is beautiful, with glass elevators on both the inside and outside. Take the outside elevators all the way up to the 37th floor - the restaurant floor - for an exquisite view of the city. On the fourth floor of the hotel is a pool (which looked very nice but we did not use) with an outdoor bar and a gym (also very nice but they apparently do not have water so bring your own).Our only complaint was the loud music from the hotel bar, which was only made worse by the hotel's beautiful atrium design. The music kept going even past midnight, which surprised us because the other reviews here seemed to indicate that the bar music stopped earlier. If you are a light sleeper, or a business traveler who has to go to bed early to wake up early, you might not want to stay here. We are incredulous that management would allow music that loud to be played that late. It did not bother me as I am a pretty fast sleeper, but I woke up one day to find that my boyfriend had stuffed a towel under the door to try to minimize the sound! :(We did not find the front desk or the concierge very helpful or particularly attentive. Our room was prepaid but they tried to charge us again for some reason even though we brought the print-out receipt so be careful! As for the concierge...bring a guide book or buy one in Singapore! While maps are readily available for free at all visitors' centre, a good guide book is a must. Despite all of that, we found that our calls to their help line, ServiceOne, for wake-up calls were met with great friendliness and professionalism by Sue. Our room was impeccable, with a nice bathroom (separate shower and tub and toilet) and nice amenities. Bottles of water are provided daily, as are a free electric hotpot and instant coffee and tea packets. Very nice to start the day off with coffee and a free copy of the Straits Times! Internet access is only provided free if you upgrade to an executive floor. Otherwise, it is S$10.50 for one hour and is also offered at a lower rate for 6 hours or 24 hours. This charge seemed to me to be quite unnecessary as it was wireless anyway, and I would guess that many of their travelers are business travelers, due to its proximity to the Convention Center. Oh well.We prefer to eat outside of the hotel on trips, and so cannot rate the bar or restaurants.Finally, a word of caution. There is some construction going on somewhat near the hotel--the building of yet another train station. This construction is outside of Suntec City Mall and in my opinion is not close enough to be a noise problem. However, we felt that walking around in that area was pretty difficult, given the road closures. You can, of course, take alternate routes. We only walked around there one time, to go to visit the Raffles Hotel.All in all, the hotel is very nice. If we visit Singapore again, we would most likely try something else as there are a lot of hotel options to be had. However, the Pan Pacific is worth a first visit. We hope you have a wonderful time in Singapore!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Stayed for 2 nights at Pan Pacific. It's a great place, the staff are helpful and friendly. We stayed on 31st floor, with good views of harbour from our balcony.Would certainly stay here again  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bluwes
<Content>Agree with everything said I read all of the reviews before going on our far east jaunt which included Hong Kong Phuket Bangkok and Singapore.The Pan Pacific was a first class hotel our rooms were on the 28th floor so gave great views.Liked the bar area but as previously stated was a bit pricey after tax mind you so was everywhere else we went in Singapore.The staff were very friendly, the location was great and to top it off th epool area was just what was needed afte a days sightseeing.Definately stay there again  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Almatt
<Content>Good base for sightseeing We stayed at the Pan Pacific for 4 nights in February. Overall, we were pleased with this hotel. On the plus side, the room was a good size as was the bathroom and they were well equipped. We were on the 12th floor and didn't hear the noise from the bar in the atrium that some have complained of. The breakfast buffet was excellent. The main bar was cool and relaxing for a drink or two (but we thought it was a bit pricey especially when tax etc was added!). The location is very good with direct air conditioned access to shopping malls and you can walk to Raffles, Boat Quay etc in about 10 mins. Taxis are very cheap in Singapore and they use meters so it was hassle-free. The PP has a nice pool area.There wasn't really too much of a down side to be quite honest but, in common with many chain hotels in large cities, the PP is a bit impersonal. That didn't bother us though as we just used it as a base. The main thing to note is the lifts! Do NOT stay here if you don't like heights. The lifts from reception to about the 22nd floor are inside the atrium of the hotel and are very impressive but they are glass sided and vertigo sufferers will freak out. If you are on a higher floor then you need to use similar lifts on the exterior of the hotel... you have been warned! Great views though if you like that sort of thing.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First Clas Stopover My wife and I stayed at the Pan Pacific on a SIA Stopover and found it excellent in every respect. There was certainly no intrusion in our romm on the 8th floor from the singer in the Atrium Lobby.The staff were excellent and as a Stopover the hotel is superb value for money.A real plus is the immediate access to both the SunTec and Marina Square Malls. In the latter for any with a love of Asian food there is now a 'Loft' Food Court where it is difficult to spend more than S$5 on a dish.Adjoining there is a varied selection of conventional eateries - in particular an excellent sea food buffet.For an excellent coffee (an tempting cakes) try Mac Cafe in the same Mall.The hundreds of shops in both Malls means that you can browse in air conditioned comfort.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrArthur
<Content>Good hotel, noisy at night. Good size rooms, friendly staff and well located. However, singing in the bar noise carries throughout the hotel until fairly late at night.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location......great hotel We stopped at the Pan Pacific en route to Sydney for two nights to overcome the jet lag. This hotel was just what we needed. The exterior was nothing special but inside the hotel is fantastic, and the staff are very attentive. We upgraded our room as they had (don't they always) an offer on. However I am glad we did as the room was huge and we had two bathrooms, both were great.The hotel is in a great location not far from all the shops, there is a mall just next to the Hotel, and it is a five minute walk to Raffles, if you wanted to go.Plenty of restaurants in the vicinity and the tour buses around Singapore are a five minute walk away.All in all, I would recommend this hotel for its great service and great location.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Simon38
<Content>Not perfect I stayed at this hotel for 2 weeks. As I was there for 2 weeks this meant I was upgraded to the residence floors, 27th floor. If you're scared of heights you won't like the lift up the outside of the building. Views from the room balcony were great though. The residence breakfast was terrible.The hotel reception atrium is very impressive. When you arrive you really think this is a great looking hotel. This is a little misleading. The rooms are a little dated, while the bathrooms are very nice, the TVs are quite old, the bed is not very comfortable and the decor is a bit faded. The wireless internet is also a bit unreliable.The hotel bar is a nice place to spend 30 minutes, no longer. There is a singer on at the bar every night and due to the atrium design they can be heard in your room even on a high floor. If you want to sleep before 11pm, good luck.The hotel restaurants are quite good, particularly the indian, but very expensive compared with the world outside the hotel.The pool is very good although the service is a bit lacking there. It's a hunt to find a towel and there are not many loungers.I've stayed in a lot of hotels in Asia and I don't think I would choose this hotel again, you can fiund perfection in Singapore and this isn't it.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>MCFC_Steve
<Content>What luxury!       View of hotel from the Merlion statue  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Above and beyond Just returned from a two week stay at the Pan Pacific Hotel Singapore, and what else can I say but BRAVO to this hotel and its staff. In my 18 years of business travel I have not come across a more accomidating hotel. The staff and management did everything to make my experience here a positive one. A home away from home!!!!! Be sure to visit all my friends at the Atrium Bar Kenny and his staff are amongst the best in the industry...If you are are staying just a night or one month look no further than this hotel and you will realize what i mean........  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed Our Stay! My husband  I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights as part of the Singapore Stopover Holiday promotion which is really a good deal. This hotel was not really our first choice but Ritz-Carlton and Shangri-la Hotels were both booked on the days we were in Singapore. No regrets because Pan-Pacific is just superb. Although we did not get the room with the queen bed (they only have a twin-bed room at check-in), we were pleased with our room. It has nice furnitures, very clean and quite spacious. The bathroom was large, modern, classy and of course very clean. The usual 5-star amenities were there (in-room safe, slippers, bathroom robes and toiletries). We were on the 7th floor and we can faintly hear the nightly music from downstairs but it did not bother us at all. The view from our room is not the best, just buildings like the Mandarin, Marina Square, etc. I guess we can't complain since we only paid $50/person/night(I'm sure I need to pay more than that to get a top-notch view). Staff were courteous and very accommodating. Breakfast was not included in our room rate. We did not try breakfast at the hotel since they were serving American buffet. We wanted to try the local food so we were mostly eating in places around the hotel. The best part is the hotel is coveniently located and so close to shopping and commercial centers. You don't have to go too far since the hotel and shopping complexes are somehow connected to each other. We LOVED the concept since one does not have to go out (it was so hot and humid outside) and you just walk inside an airconditioned complex. Overall, we had a very lovely time at the Pan-Pacific and we will definitely stay at the Pan-Pacific Singapore whenever we find ourselves in that part of Asia.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>briantjong
<Content>Atrium is fantastic I did't have the good view from the room. It only look at some building.It was so boring. The location is not great either. I prefer the orchard rd and the chinatown. You can not walk around the hotel. Especially at nighttime. But you can enjoy in the hotel lobby. It has the piano playing at night time. The elevators are fantasic. It also has the fountain in the lobbay. It really impressed me. The room itself is not very great. But the bathroom is better. The bed is a little low and a little hard. I stay in this hotel because of it's name and class. It is truly the 5 star hotel. Buti really doubt that i would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Ryleeh
<Content>Wouldn't stay there again       The room we had  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sets the standard for Far Eastern city hotels - "Great" Stayed at the Pan Pacific and have since recommended it agressively to anyone who will listen to me. This place has become my benchmark for all world hotels. (EG - Recently stayed at the Luxor, Las Vegas and said Not bad, but it isnt the Pan Pacific. Recently stayed at the Waldorf Astoria, New York and said  Not bad, but it is'nt the Pan Pacific.... you get the picture)ANYWAYUpon arrival, you are greeted by hotel check-in staff (not porters) and escorted across red carpet, through its lavishly decorated entrance, through to check-in. After being further escorted to your room (we had a 25th floor room with amazing cityscape views), your luggage arrives. This service continues throughout your stay (namely, after calling the concierge for a power adaptor, one arrived at my door within 3 minutes!).When we checked in, we were treated like film stars. However, the fact we had come off a 12 hour flight, stank of free booze and were dishevelled in our combat trousers, t-shirts and trainers never altered the staffs attention.As previously described, our room had awesome views down over Raffles, Orchard Road and the city sprawl beyond. The room was huge with a 7ft wide bed and an impressive marble bathroom with modern fittings.Location wise, its great. You are within minutes of the SunTec City shopping area and can walk almost half a mile from the hotel through to an adjoining shopping mall which takes you close to Raffles towards Orchard Road and the quay areas. You need to bear in mind that this half a mile walk is within the comfort of an airconditioned mall and this benefit shouldnt be dismissed in the Malaysian heat/humidity.The pool is superb, with changing area and impeccable poolside service. The inner atrium is a sight to behold and the atrium bar a classy place to have a drink before you jump in a cycle-rickshaw on your way to dinner at Boat Quay or Clarke Quay.Bear in mind, this hotel costs around 拢85 a night and undercuts nearly every hotel in the world on its value for money then surpasses so many with its service. Therefore you can see why I'm recommending this as must book for your Singapore city stopover. Please dont consider anywhere else.... you dont know what you're missing!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rgirn
<Content>Beautiful Pan Pacific Stayed at the Pan Pacific for 2 nights while in Singapore. It's a beautiful hotel with great staff. The washrooms are gorgeous and the rooms are spacious. It's in a great location - walking distance to Raffles and taxi's are very accessible from the front of the hotel. Would recommend anyone to stay here.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ekel
<Content>Noisy and impersonal Downside of this Hotel is that is Atrium Style so very noisy, we were on the 9th floor and could hear lots of noise from the Lobby/cafe area, including a very noisy singer who was still going at 10.00pm, very business orientated and the staff could have been good had they smiled !Location is great for the convention centre and for shopping in Suntec but plenty of hotels in that area to choose from.Rooms and bathrooms nicely decorated but small, typical for the business traveller.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Stayed here for 3 nights in August 2005 en-route to Australia and loved everything about it. Our room on the 30th floor had a fabulous view over Singapore and was really comfortable and well looked after. The bed was huge but quite firm. The bathroom was top quality.The staff were really friendly and helpful and we would definnately stay here again in the future.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Smeg
<Content>Pretty ordinary hotel We stayed here for 3 nights in May, 2005 as part of a Singapore Airlines Stopover Holiday. Although this is rated as 4 1/2 star, some of the rooms definitely aren't. Initially we were given a very basic room (room 905). We were told this is the standard of room given for stopovers. Eventually they did give us an upgrade to a much better room with a balcony(Room 2115).There were a few other downsides, the staff weren't particularly helpfull, the buffet breakfast was awful and the hotel is a little out of the way. While the atrium and lifts etc at this hotel are amazing this shouldn't give it more than a 3 star rating. On the way home we stayed at the Shangri La Hotel in Singapore for 4 nights (also a Singapore Stopover Holiday). The difference between the hotels is like chalk and cheese. The Shangri La is a true 5 star hotel and is the best hotel we have ever stayed at.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>marcopolo1701
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous! The Pan Pacific was first stop on a round the world trip and after a 14 hour flight from the UK was a tremendous base for our 2 nights in Singapore.Great location - and the view from our balcony couldn't have been any more perfect - the whole Singapore city skyline.Room was superb - extremely clean and comfortable with a great bathroom.Service exceptional and excellent value for money. Would definitely stay here again and recommend it to anyone who appreciates style and comfort.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>klkh2002
<Content>loved the hotel! I stayed at the Pan Pacific which was at the end of an exhausting long business trip. After dreadful hotel anfter dreadful hotel in Europe, the Pan Pacific was such a pleasant surprise.The staff were fantastic - all fo them greet you with a huge smile and are so friendly. Some hotel staff overdo the formality but they find the right balance here. The rooms as excellent - very spacious and comfortable. I had a great view as well!I'm in Singapore a number of times a year and I had never bothered to stay at the Pan Pacific before. Well, in future - it will be the first choice in Singapore!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great deal on Singapore airways We stayed at the Pan pacific for two nights on the way back from Sydney to the UK. If you fly Singapore Airlines they do a great deal - we booked online and got a great price for a fabulous room and they included the breakfast buffet in the package as well. You have to show your boarding pass so don't lose it!! There is a lot of building work going on outside as they build a new train station - nearest one is about a 10 minute walk away through airconditioned shopping centre. This was a little confusing and also when we returned late in the evening we found ourselves locked out of the entrance we had originally used and had to make our way round the outside to the main entrance past the highway and the building works. Nevertheless we enjoyed our stay enormously - staff were couteous and efficient and even though this is a very big hotel they went out the way to treat you like individuals. Concierge was particularly helpful and personally escorted us through the hotel / shopping centre bit to show us where we needed to go. We would definately return.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful, Luxurious Hotel - Recommended! We stayed here in July 2005 for a three night stopover on the way to Australia. The hotel was recommended to me by my parents following a stay there five years earlier. Everything they said was true, even after the five year gap. The hotel offers perhaps the most luxurious rooms I have ever stayed in. The huge beds are very comfortable, the bathroom is wonderful - all frosted glass and marble, and the atrium is an eye-opener - even after a 12 hour flight.The staff are extremely polite and courteous, and while check-in did seem to take a while, they will do all they can to ensure that your stay is a comfortable one, whether travelling for business or pleasure.The buffet breakfasts were very welcome. The location was quite handy too, a 10 minute walk to the MRT, and all of this done under the air-conditioned cover of one of the many shopping malls. The drinks in the bar were very expensive and this could be seen as a downside to the hotel, but we preferred to go out for the evening anyway.I would recommend this hotel to anyone and will definitely stay there again the next time I find myself in that corner of the world.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Geordiegirl35
<Content>Fabulous top class hotel We stayed for 3 nights here, in between visiting Kuala Lumpur then Pengang ~ without a shadow of a doubt this was the best part of the trip.We could not fault the hotel, the location was great, the staff superb and the rooms absolutely wonderful, very spacious and the most wonderful bathrooms. I was suprised about other reviews commenting on the pool, we were delighted with the pool and the wonderful towels provided, especially as this is a City hotel.We will stay here again when we next visit this vibrant beautiful city.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>alexp98
<Content>Great Place To Stay Aside from the long delay in checking in and overly firm bed, this hotel was excellent in every way possible.The food was great, the staff courteous and fast. I was surprised that after a couple of days the restaurant, business floor breakfast staff,  spa staff new my wife's preferences as well as mine and I didn't spend much time at the hotel as I was travelling to Malaysia every day on business.It might be a little pricey, but even if I had to pay out of my own pocket to stay in this hotel I think it is well worth it if you value service and attention to detail when you travel.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MikeCMelbourne
<Content>Expensive Although this is a good and luxurious hotel, I feel that it is a bit too expensive and a bit out of the way. It is near to Suntec City shopping centre but quite a distance from the nearest train station.The room was fine but I prefer the other 5 star hotels in Singapore which I have stayed before.The revolving restaurant at the top serves excellent Chinese cuisine but the decor is a bit drab and would need to be refurbished.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unbelievable Service and Hospitality       Elevators for Floors 1-22  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Monica041
<Content>The staff is excellent! I just returned from a 5 day stay in this hotel and wanted to tell everyone that the staff at this hotel is excellent. Everyone was nice and helpful! I am not sure where they are finding all these great people, but keep doing whatever you are doing.The rooms were ok (better in the higher rooms), food ok, but the location was really good. Pool is small, but nice, and the spa services were great. I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A super stay I stayed at Pan Pacific in August of 2004 for one night. My stay here was truely memorable. The service was fantastic, courteous,polite friendly true Asian hospitality. The rooms were amazing and very spacious with modern fittings.The gym was al et down but this truely is a five star plus hotel that I highly recommend. As a frequent traveller this is the type of place that I need for business as well as for leisure. A fine property. One of the best in Singapore and very nice buffet breakfast. The staff is the best!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Slackbladder
<Content>Good deal at this luxury hotel We stayed at this hotel as part of Singapore Airlines Stopover Package on a trip to Australia. The package is a good deal as you get free transfers and a bunch of vouchers for free admission or discount admission to some of Singapores main tourist sites. It also allows you free use of the Singapore Stopover tour bus. If you use a handful of the deals then you save a lot.If you are on a budget, go for the cheaper hotels on this deal.It's still far better than trying to book the hotel seperately. The hotel itself is a huge 5* affair. Rooms are perfectly adequate. All the things you need. The atrium is huge and very impressive.Service was superb as are most big asian hotels.Location was good right next to all the shopping and short walk to Raffles and the Esplanade. Unfortunately the Marina Square shopping centre is undergoing redevelopment nearby so it does feel like you are staying on a building site.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel We got a wonderful room on the 34th floor. Very large room with separate bath and shower. Excellent view overlooking the Singapore harbour. Service was excellent and location is great. There is cheap eats nearby and shopping is 5-10 min walk away. Very close to the Raffles City MTR to get you to anywhere else in Singpore.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lemniot
<Content>Best value in Singapore Having researched thoroughly all options for Singapore we took the advice of Trailfinders and chose this hotel. As they had done in Bangkok, they came up with a fantastic value choice. We arrived to be immediately so well served by the impeccable staff, to be stunned by the wonderful huge atrium space that just soars into the sky and to be seduced by the wonderful sticky tooth rotting free lollipops that became a major part of my son's holiday memories.We were gently persuaded to accept the upgrade offer for a mere pittance and our 32nd floor room was astonishing, with a view from the large balcony that terrified me but entranced the other members of the family. Breakfast was pretty amazing and even impressed a son who has eaten breakfast in some amazing hotels over the years - just wish he wouldn't eat quite so much!Personally I found the one blemish was the pool and gym area which I found over formalised and not as enticing as some, though the others in my party were less concerned.Singapore is ok for a few days, not my favourite place but if you are here and cannot afford the stunning Fullerton or over formalised Raffles, then this is an excellent option - you wont go far wrong.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jenster001
<Content>Good business hotel   showReview(3282939, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rajukarmel
<Content>Best Hotel in Singapore We stayed at Pan Pacific Singapore in March 2005 for three nights. This was our 2nd stay at this hotel. When we arrived about 10:30am there were several people checking in. The lady that was checking us in had 1 person in front of us, so we waited may be 2 or 3 minutes. When it was our turn, the lady asked, if it was our first time in Pan Pacific. When I said no, she looked us up in the computer and went in the back office and came back with 2 other desk clerks to assist others waiting to be checked in. She printed our check in form and room keys and said I will personally take you to your room. She grabbed my wife's bags and took us to our room on the 15th floor. She gave us her business card and told us to call her if we needed anything or a tour of the facilities including the club floor. We thought this was a great jesture, especially since the lobby was busy. Room was large, very clean, very well furnished. Bathroom is big with seperate tub and shower. Tub was deep but a bit short for my 5'11 body. Last time when we stayed (August 2004) they had wired internet. Now it is wireless. Internet speed was great and they charge SGD 26.50 a day.There are plenty of restaurants and shops in the area. Bus and Metra are close by, but we used taxis to get around. Taxis are always lined up in front of the hotel, and the bell staff will open the door for your taxi everytime.We have stayed at many hotels in Singapore, and this hotel is our favourite. I strongly recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>COZY CORNER   showReview(3100569, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stopover Break   showReview(3008789, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great service   showReview(2878655, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Greygoatee
<Content>not the best   showReview(2844093, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>KarenB_007
<Content>Mediocre   showReview(2818344, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best hotel ever in Singapore!   showReview(2782186, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the best yet   showReview(2492001, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Defintely recommended   showReview(2228594, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel   showReview(2132371, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ecki
<Content>Perfekt !   showReview(23049158, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绌烘腐銇繎銇勩伄銇孏OOD   showReview(22855395, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傚揩閬┿仹銇椼仧   showReview(21745446, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>beru_bu
<Content>缍洪簵锛併儜銉炽亴缇庡懗銇椼亜   showReview(21095451, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶滄櫙銇屻仚銇般倝銇椼亜   showReview(21745269, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>銇ㄣ倐銇勩亼
<Content>銈炽偣銉堛儜銉曘偐銉笺優銉炽偣銇壇銇勩儧銉嗐儷       銉囥偣銈懆銈?/a>  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel tres agreable.juste un peu loin du metro.mais dans un quartier tres anime.   showReview(18532176, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇冮厤銈娿亴銇勩亜銇с仚   showReview(19171660, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo servizio   showReview(16612761, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锝硷疆锝緥锞燂緷锝革緸銇究鍒╋紒   showReview(19168991, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仧鍒╃敤銇椼仧銇勩儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19167684, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>搴冦亜閮ㄥ眿   showReview(19166355, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婂緱銇紩鈽嗐儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19165225, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈熷緟銇椼仾銇戙倢銇拌壇銇勩儧銉嗐儷銇嬨倐   showReview(19164412, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫儳銉冦償銉炽偘銈汇兂銈裤兗鐩寸祼銇屽瑝銇椼亜銉涖儐銉仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19162630, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Abuelinho
<Content>Excelente hotel, de lujo discreto y magn矛fica vista       Vista de la alberca desde la hab en la noche  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11428224, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr exclusives Hotel   showReview(11428223, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Linda.Kai
<Content>Eher ein 4-5 Sterne Hotel!   showReview(7193934, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫兂銈儩銉笺儷銇с偑銈广偣銉°伄銉涖儐銉仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19160265, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉囥儵銉冦偗銈癸紵   showReview(19159996, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>irr茅prochable, tr猫s bien situ茅 de plus.   showReview(11375442, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Vous pouvez y aller les yeux ferm茅   showReview(11369250, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Angenehmes Business Hotel   showReview(11369249, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ffalco
<Content>5 estrellas a precio de 3   showReview(5533714, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇┿亾銇歌銇忋伀銈備究鍒┿仹銇椼仧   showReview(19158331, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉兗銈恒儕銉栥儷銇ф皸閬ｃ亜銈傚繀瑕佸崄鍒?#x201d;   showReview(19157918, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇呰鍗佸垎   showReview(19157201, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇欍仐銇勬粸鍦ㄣ伀瀹夊績銇椼仸浣裤亪銈嬨儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19155906, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱亗銆併倛銇嬨仯銇熴€?#x201d;   showReview(19930230, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛戯紣骞淬伓銈婁簩搴︾洰銇偡...   showReview(19928998, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫兂銈儩銉笺儷銇垵銈併仸...   showReview(19928080, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍓嶅洖銇偡銉炽偓銉濄兗銉梾...   showReview(19927197, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍓嶅洖G銉籐銉籑銉涖儐銉?..   showReview(19927089, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱伄銉涖儐銉伀銇?00...   showReview(19925903, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍦颁笅閴勯銇嬨倝锛戯紣鍒嗕互...   showReview(19925369, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€杩戞銆呫伀鏂般仐銇勫缓鐗?..   showReview(19924587, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉炪儶銉笺儕鍦板尯銇亗銈?..   showReview(19923996, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫兂銈儩銉笺儷銇儮銉€銉?..   showReview(19923196, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫兂銈儩銉笺儷銇柊銇椼亜...   showReview(19922941, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉儞銉笺伅鍚广亶鎶溿亼銇с仌...   showReview(19921759, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹ゅ唴銇簝銇忋偡銉冦偗銇惤...   showReview(19919860, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉炪儶銉笺儕鍦板尯銇亗銈嬨伄...   showReview(19919590, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛戯紮闅庛伄娴峰伌銇儴灞嬨仩...   showReview(19919412, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇濄倢銇汇仼鏂般仐銇勩儧銉嗐儷...   showReview(19917671, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉戙兂銉戙偡銉曘偅銉冦偗銉汇偡...   showReview(19917058, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛撴硦銇椼伨銇椼仧銆傘儜銉庛儵...   showReview(19917001, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>灏戙€呭墠銇亾銇ㄣ仹銇欍亴...   showReview(19916297, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

