<Author>seasidejane
<Content>chandeliers and cava       the balcony  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Greenbarn77
<Content>Loved this place       our room for 3  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cakers
<Content>A fantastic hostel with a brilliant location!       Shared terrace, Suite 107 has open door  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HaKim824
<Content>Awesome lil place!       Room 104 - double bed by the bathroom  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>GlennMcG
<Content>The Best!!!!! L'Antic Espai is a beautiful small hotel in Barcelona. The location could not be better - close to the Metro, Las Ramblas, Passeig de Gracia, etc. The hotel is well decorated, the rooms are comfortable and clean and the staff is great.Sergio, Abel and their staff take pride in their hotel. They always have someone on staff at the desk, they helped us with restaurant reservations and suggestions on things to do. We wanted a romantic hotel for our honeymoon and we found it at Hostal L'Antic Espai!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sensi100
<Content>A Unique Experience First of all I must say I am positive you will love the owners of this establishment. Abel and Sergio are the most heartwarming people you will find in Barcelona, they are extremely kind and helpful and take care of all your wishes!.The decoration, which is an impressive eclectic collection of antique furniture, personally put together by the very stylish owners was an absolute pleasure to be around. I have never come accross such a quaint and clean hostal which unbelievably has only 2 stars.It is located right in the centre of the city 3 blocks from Passeo de Gracia, the main shopping street. I couldn麓t imagine what more you could want.I would highly recommend L篓antic Espai to anyone who wants to have a distinct experience with great quality, reasonable prices and an extremely convenient location. Barcelona is such a wonderful city and I cannot wait to come back and stay in this delightful Hostal.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BellaHampshire
<Content>Great find! We have just returned from a long weekend in Barcelona and chose this hotel because of the reviews we had read here and have to agree with all of them.It is a super place to stay, especially if looking for something a bit different with lots of atmosphere and character. The hotel is charming and so are Sergio and Abel who were also very helpful with anything we asked. But they are also very efficient, from the online booking to answering questions and dealing with our requests for afternoon tea (and yes, a kettle for tea making would be a good idea!). The shower is a bit small and would be awkward if a larger than average person! And yes, we also heard the night duty chap snoring as we were in the room next door - irritating but probably solvable (nose peg?).But overall, a great find, and we will recommend it to all our friends and go back!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BettyStevens
<Content>Loved It Having read reviews of the hotel on tripadvisor a girlfriend and I decided to book a four night stay. Before leaving home, we really wondered what we might have been letting ourselves in for but all our fears were unfounded. The hotel is an absolute gem and a real experience, There is not a space that isn't filled with ornaments, pictures, furniture etc, but there was not a speck of dust to be found. The bathrooms are tiny but spotlessly clean, although we did wonder how an overweight person would fit into the shower. A lot of thought has gone in to creating a warm, welcoming and really unusual place to stay. It is very centrally located and in a safe area. On a previous visit to Barcelona I stayed in the Gothic quarter and felt very nervous at night even though I was with my husband. Here we felt quite safe being out after dark. Abel and Sergio were so helpful, they are better than the tourist information office. They gave us maps and directions and recommended wonderful places to eat. I do second a previous review extolling the virtues of the Ciutat Comtal tapas restaurant. The only problem my friend had, was that her room was close to the reception desk and the guy who is on duty at night snores really loudly. I even heard him snoring one night from my room. I did urge her to mention this to Abel and Sergio but she didn't want to make a fuss so it is her own fault ,as I'm sure they would have changed her roomAll in all we really enjoyed our stay and would thoroughly recommend it to anyone looking for something a little different. If we go back to Barcelona we will definitely return to L'Antic Espai and also to Ciutat Comtal. Thank you Abel and Sergio  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>jayne_leonard
<Content>We loved it! I booked this Hotel after reading the reviews on this site.....so thought I best put my review on here for future guests!Booked for a visit by myself and my Mum for her birthday. We arrived late Saturday afternoon. Welcomed by a fluent English speaking lady who offered us help with our luggage and then brought us some cold white wine!We went out for dinner that evening, were offered an umbrella and told we could return at any hour, someone would be there to let us in.Slept well on what we both considered clean and comfortable beds....I personally prefer two pillows, but that is being picky!Showered well in a smallish but clean bathroom (but then we ain't two fat ladies, who complain about shower cubicle sizes!)Felipe brought us breakfast which we took on the terrace Sunday morning to the sound of the birds in the cage.On our final day the hotel stored our luggage for us all day which meant we could get our last minute gifts and clothes and tapas without hauling our bags everywhere.The one suggestion I have for improvement would be....please get a kettle to boil your water for tea!! The water heated in the microwave was not hot enough.......I know, typical English moaning about their tea in Spain.....it's just a suggestion!Oh and another thing, which the hotel can do absolutely nothing about....breakfast on Sat/Sun fab, listening to the birds.....breakfast on weekdays, noisy screaming kids from the school at the back!!We loved it though and would return/recommend.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>sunszler
<Content>a hidden gem Booked our stay after reviews on trip advisor and was not disappointed !The hotel is in a great location, with lots of restuarants and cafes in very close proximity.Felt very safe wandering the streets at nite,Los Ramblas a 5 min. stroll away.The hotel is very quaint, filled with olde worlde charm,lots of antique style fittings and furnishings,yes, the rooms are compact, but found the bed very comfortable, and the room and bathroom were spotlessly clean,Staff very helpful, a lovely young man came down to greet us and carried bags upstairs late at nite,Would definitiely return here, very good value for money for the location,But if it is a 5 star hotel with all the bells and whistles you require, this hotel is not for you,Our only complaint was when we were ready to go to the airport!Lovely young lady at reception insisted on calling a cab for us,then she was adamant that she needed to accompany us downstairs to talk to the driver,My partner saw a bank note exchange hands from driver to receptionist??, and when we arrrived at the airport our fare was 10 euros more than our arrival fare??Would suggest you go downstairs and hail your own cab,Only a minor hiccup but dont like to be taken for a ride, so to speak!!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Possibilus
<Content>Charming and personal We searched extensively and finally settled on Hostal L'Antic Espai for our trip to Barcelona, and were quite happy there. The location is convenient to the center of the city, and we could walk up the street to Gaudi's Casa Batilo and Casa Mila within minutes. Hotel is a floor in an apartment building and is furnished very traditionally, which is what we were looking for. Martha, the English speaking Colombian manager was very helpful and gracious, and we met owners the last day and had a nice chat.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>GwenInCal
<Content>Not your average hotel! But nice! We stayed at the L'Antic Espai before we left on a cruise from Barcelona. We stayed in room 107...with access to the terrace.Booking was very easy...we reserved the room through the hotel's website.Location...great! We walked most places, except to Camp Nou...we used the metro...Passaig Gracia stop is a block or so away. The hotel managers gave us a great recommendation for dinner...wonderful tapas...the bread alone was worth going back for. I believe the place (within walking distance of the hotel) was the Ciutat Comtel. We also walked to Las Ramblas and, actually, all the way to Barceloneta (that's a longer walk). A taxi stand is just outside the hotel on the corner, so that was handy when we came into the city from the airport and left to go to the Barcelona port.Room...Bed was super comfortable...which was surprising cause they didn't look very comfortable. Loved the antiques...and the robes! The room was small, but was fine for the two of us...if there were three of us it might have been too cramped. Bathroom...tiny, but very clean. Loved the light switches!Terrace...nice...though we only used it once to enjoy our welcome drink from the managers. The terrace is shared with a couple other rooms, but that wasn't a problem for us...but something someone booking the rooms should know. I know other people were in the hotel, but we didn't hear them...even when they were on the terrace having breakfast. (It's an older building so I thought we'd actually hear everything...maybe it's the way our room was situated...I don't know...but it was pretty quiet.)Service...we were able to use their internet, which was really handy...the maid service was prompt and really cleaned our room up nicely...check in and check out was great. The managers gave us great restaurant recommendations.Elevators...there aren't any (at least I didn't see/use any) and the hotel is on the second (or third?) floor...wasn't a problem for us...(especially since they came down and brought up our bags for us)...but it might be a consideration for others.Food...can't comment on the food, since we didn't have breakfast at the hotel. We asked about a cafe...there are several breakfast cafes within a couple of blocks.I noticed that someone said that there was similarly priced, 4-star hotels on the same road who probably offered amenities that the L'Antic Espai didn't. But we really enjoyed the L'Antic Espai...it was something different for us and was fun for our first visit to Barcelona.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Anglia62
<Content>Best Part of Barcelona! 'Tourists' want to take their environment with them like a snail in its shell; 'Travellers' relish the local, the unique, the colorful. Fortunately, my wife, our friend and I are Travellers, or we might have missed this absolutely fantastic over-the top gem of a place. Sergio and Abel obviously love L'Antic Espai: it's obvious, from the eclectic and eccentric decor to their concern that the guest too should feel this is their home. The hotel is a restored townhouse, and is accessed through a 'door in a door', then up the stairs. Location is great - near Las Ramblas, shopping and the best tapas in Barcelona (superb French restaurant around the corner too!). The rooms are tiny (of course) but sumptuously furnished. The beds are very comfortable; a/c  ensuite bathrooms 'like new'. We stayed in two different rooms - just because the best one became available and the boys thought we might like to try it! Overall, it's the decor and the 'style' that you'll remember. This is more an experience of a home than a hotel. Poke, pry, ask questions - you're with enthusiasts! Oh, and if you read that negative review from the man who never came, let us tell you that there is nothing wrong with the business end of things - except it becomes more of a pleasure!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>coolcat
<Content>Decent but not fantastic PROSExcellent location! Lovely area from which we walked to the area of Gracia as well as the beach. The area felt safe at night. Close to three metro stations, lots of restaurants etc.It was a treat to live in an apartment building instead of an ordinary hotel. We really liked the tiled floors 鈥?they gave the hotel a very warm and homey feeling.Very clean and tidy! The room was well kept during our stay and smelled fresh and clean.Friendly staff! Both those who spoke excellent English, such as Felipe, and the ladies who spoke less English were very nice. It was not a problem at all to be buzzed in 24/7! They also let us leave our bags in the reception area for a few hours on the day of our departure which we appreciated.Lovely-looking terrace with flowers and bird cages. If you travelled with friends and occupied all 4 rooms facing the terrace it would have been absolutely perfect!CONSAlthough the terrace looks very nice, it just might be a little bit awkward to dress/undress, or take a nap before going out at night, with strangers staring right at you only meters from your bed. Literally! Pictures we had seen mislead us to believe that each room had its own little table with chairs right outside 鈥?instead there were two sitting areas and thus, when they were user by other guests, or staff for that matter (upon arrival there was a man working on some picture frames out there, smoking cigarettes), you had absolutely no privacy in your room unless you kept the heavy curtains closed. Although it was permitted, luckily the other guests were not smoking cigarettes!The mattress was quite firm but not too bad, but the pillow was close to a sack of cement. The blanket that we found in the wardrobe and used on top of the bed sheet could use a wash since it was rather full of stains - though if previous guests had folded it and put it back we can see how this could have been overlooked by the maintenance staff.Water pressure was really bad 鈥?more like a drizzle than pressure 鈥?I had to wash my hair in the sink.The air con worked most of the time, but the last night we had to keep the door open to the terrace that we shared. However, we did not feel very comfortable with this and closed the door again after an hour or so.Doors seemed to be paper thin and since you would be able to hear a whisper in the hallway you can imagine what hollering pre-adolescent boys sounded like shouting and slamming doors. (Loud children are not the hotel's fault of course, but just to give you a picture...) The room was smaller than we expected. Or at least it seemed small due to the placement of the furniture, one double and one single bed. We are average size people and we seemed to constantly be in each others way while moving around the room. It would certainly be very crowded with three people staying together. We stayed here three nights in October, and in short we pretty much agree with everything 鈥渂rabb鈥?said on Oct 5 about the hotel in his review (which we found honest and really not overly critical.). We know this is not a 5 star hotel, but it was still not quite what we expected based on reviews we had read here on TA.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>jasiPhilaPa
<Content>A Wonderful Stay My husband and I spent 4 nights at this wonderul Hostal. Upon arriving we were greeted with a complimentry glass of Cava by one of the staff. We stayed in room 102 which was on the street side with an enclosed terrace. When the sound proof doors were closed to the terrace we could not hear any street noise.Occasionally you can hear noise in the hall,but this is to be expected when staying in an old building with character. The Hostal is filled with beautiful antiques. Sergio,the owner is very helpful in recommending restaurants ,he sent us to 2 excellent restaurants. We opted not to have breakfast there as there are wonderful French pastry shops down the street. We did order coffee and this was not very good but served eloquently. In the evening we asked if they had a glass of sherry that we could purchase. They had it indeed and brought it to our room served in beautiful cordial glasses. The location is in walking distance of all the major sites. There is no lift and the Hostal is up one flight of stairs. If you need assistance with your bags the staff will help.I would highly recommend this hotel to people who have an appreciation for antiques and old world charm. If you are looking for a generic hotel this is not for you. As far as the staff goes, they are very friendly,you just have to ask them for what you want.Barcelona is a beautiful city and when I return I will stay at Hostal L'Antic Espai  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>ZMMD
<Content>Loved it!!! My wife and I stayed at the property for 2 nights September 17-18,2008. We were very pleased. The hotel's location is superb, close to Plaza Catalunya, shopping and restaurants. The attention and advice of the owners was outstanding. The hotel is very affordable and has a computer that can be used free of charge,items that are very difficult to find in Barcelona. Since the hotel caters mostly to foreigners, we spent some time with other guests (from Australia and the US). Our room was small, but very confortable. It even had a balcony. The shower stall was small, but perfectly usable. The hotel does not have elevators (lifts), but one of the owners helped us with our bags.In short: If you are looking for a hotel with an excellent location, superb service and reasonable prices, this is the place for you.If you have trouble climbing stairs (one floor),or if you are traveling with children, this is not the hotel you should stay.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>brabb
<Content>Over-rated I've just returned from a short break with my wife at Hostal L'Antic Espai, which I booked direct after viewing the reviews on this site. I have to say I was disappointed.So, starting at the top, the good stuff:- good location- well equipped room (hairdryer, TV (terrestrial only though) bathrobes etc- aircon- a nice enclosed patio area which rooms 104-107 share- not your usual 'formula' hotel - though the Catalan antiques and bric-a-brac with which the hotel is stuffed leave me cold, I can see that they would be of interest to othersNow lets start gently downhill ...- It is a bit noisy, even if you're in an inside room; though to be honest no more than I'd have expected given the location and architecture- Earlier reviews have mentioned two male staff (one was the owner?) who seem to have looked after guests extremely well - this seems to be the basis on which several 5* reviews have been made. We never saw these - our experience was a series of young women (5 in total over 2 days?). Their English varied from fluent to non-existent. All were charming and tried to be helpful if asked. However, pro-active they were not! For instance:~ Don't expect your luggage to be carried up for you as earlier reporters had (though to be honest this wasn't a big deal, it's only 1 floor up and if you're infirm or have lots of luggage I would really not recommend this place anyway). ~ We were aware from the website, and from a notice in the bathroom saying that breakfasts had to be pre-ordered the night before, that breakfast was available - but it was not mentioned to us once by the staff and we saw no other information about it at all. We went out for breakfast on both days.~ Not once were we asked if everything was OK with the room or if they could help us with anything (day 1 on the hotel receptionist's training course, I'd have thought!)- Although the hotel claims that the booking process is secure, it isn't (take it from me - I work in IT). I crossed my fingers and used it however. And then they sent me a confirmation email with all my cc details there in plain text! If I were booking to stay there again (which I won't) I'd go through one of the booking agencies just to be safe.Full speed now, almost at the bottom!- The shower cubicles are small (particularly to US eyes!) as previous reviewers have mentioned. If that were all I wouldn't have been too bothered. However, on our second and final morning (a Sunday, maybe that was something to do with it?) there was no hot water. So, we had no showers that morning. - Worst of all was the bed.Firstly our bed (and all the doubles as far as I can gather) was only 6' x 4'6 in size. If you're tallish like me or used to sleeping in a larger bed at home this isn't ideal. At least ours had a divan end so I could sleep with my toes out of the bottom. The only other room I was able to look at (104) the bed had a railled end so this wouldn't be possible there...Much worse however was the fact that the mattress was very tired (the owner seems to have bought foam mattresses rather than sprung ones and a year or so after the hotel opened they are badly worn). I woke up the first morning with back-ache - not something I tend to suffer from normally! My wife also commented on the poor mattress (though being much lighter than me she hadn't suffered as much). The second night I slept in the single bed which was also in our room, leaving my wife to the double bed on her own. This was better, but again a foam mattress and it sloped down at one side (perhaps a result of the mattress never having been turned?); so, again not a good night.To my mind, if a hotel can't get the basics right (bed, shower) you have to conclude that it's not worth staying there.So, please excuse this rant. I have tried to be objective but at the end of the day this hotel, which has had some very good reviews in the months after it opened, was a real disappointment for me and I can't recommend it now.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>KCDK
<Content>Just OK This hotel is by no means a top hotel in Barcelona. It is about half the price of other top hotels, and that is about correct for what you get. Rooms on the busy street are noisy. The reviews are simply too high for what we experienced there.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	3	3	4	

<Author>ECKYHongKong
<Content>Fantastic I liked this hotel very much and had not experienced any problem when booking the hotel. In fact, I got a discount when I got there. Contact me and I can forward all relevant email correspondence to any interested person.I am an Asian woman who travelled alone. I had been really well looked after by the hotel operator. Felipe told me what I ought to look out for and gave me travel tips from time to time. The service was excellent.The hotel also had a very clean bathroom and the location was truly central. Very close to Passeig de Gracia and Placa de Catalunya. It was also very close to the Julia tours bus terminal.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>amancga
<Content>Cozy, cute, and quirky L'Antic Espai was a charming stay in awesome Barcelona. The room I had was small but completely sufficient and decorated beautifully. I used their online reservation and was offered a discounted rate which was honoured when I arrived. Location is quite central with the closet metro station about 2 blocks away and Las Ramblas not more than 5-10min as well. You're right on Gran Via with lots of places to eat/drink very nearby. There is also a supermarket just about across the street to stock up on necessities like water, drinks, snacks, etc.I arrived at 10pm from the airport by taxi and in the dark, the hotel sign was a bit hard to spot. What makes it a bit harder is the huge dark door that's locked... you have to use the intercom to buzz in, so don't expect a big bright hotel lobby. Once you're in, you make your way up the grand staircase (motion detection lights were handy). The atmosphere, once inside, is very warm and homey, is the best way to describe. The lady who checked me in was super nice and was the best welcome to Barcelona at 10pm. Even after checking into my room, I was hungry and she gave me a great recommendation on where to find some tapas and wine. Super helpful!The one minor quirk was, although the wi-fi was free, the security password did not work and I ended up surfing on an unsecured line of an unknown source. Not an issue at all for me, and I did not bring up with the staff, but something they might want to fix if they happen to read this.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>hmdAlberta
<Content>Beware; Sketchy business!! After reading some positive reviews, but keeping in mind the negative reviews about this Hotel鈥檚 sketchy business, I took the risk and attempted to make the reservation with the Hotel. I used the Hotel website for reservation. There is no direct booking system. I filled out the form, and requested the room availability. Within seconds, friendly 鈥淪ergio鈥?replied my email, offering single room for 60 Euro per night. Wow, the rate was amazing, perhaps too good to be true. Sergio, requested my credit card information, to charge for the first night as a deposit. I did not hesitate and literally in a second I sent the credit card information and received the confirmation.Surely, the next day I receive an email from the less friendly 鈥渘o name person鈥?informing me that the room that I booked the day before is not available and offered a 90 Euro per night room!!!I sent an email, explaining that made the booking within the seconds I received the offer. However, the 鈥渘o name person鈥?brought some sketchy excuses to justify their sketchy business. I sent another email to find out about the credit-card transaction and surely, the 鈥渘o name person鈥?is nowhere to be found!!!I am still trying to find out about what has happened to the credit-card transaction. Please beware, do yourself a favour, pay a little bit more and stay in a safe hotel with more reputable business practice.hmd  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	1	1	

<Author>Road_and_Travel_Wise
<Content>Our Favourite Pick From All The Places We Stayed in Europe! Just back with my partner from our 10 week trip across Europe (visiting 10 countries and 28 cities) and time to write some reviews! Having stayed at so many BB's, Hostels and smaller, family run hotels during the course of our trip - we have a fair base on which to make some comparitive critiques - and our overall favorite is: L'Antic Espai in Barcelona where we spent a very pleasant 5 nights!! Having to keep to a fairly tight budget, we chose their smallest room, which by European standards was economical for the two of us and, as is typical, was small but still very comfortably appointed with the most important detail: a very comfortable bed/matress and spanking clean, modern bathroom ensuite (with shower). Extras included a tastefully decorated room, air conditioning, free WiFi internet (so we could book our next flight segments), Laundry facilities (arrange with staff), an LCD TV and personal DVD player. Incredibly we saw another Trip Adviser member complain of lack of English language TV stations in the room??! This is Spain - the only country on our trip where we found English language programming available in our room was in England... Incidentally, the hostal have an impressive collection (for varied tastes) of DVD's available which we enjoyed a couple of nights before drifting off to sleep. The location couldn't have been better - with easy access to the metro, and walking distance to many good bars and restaurants and the famous La Rambla. We had no trouble finding the place from the hostal's instructions and on arrival, were treated to no less than some of the local sparkling Cava (bottled under their own 'house' label??!!) from the owners, Abel and Sergio - in genuine antique cristal champagne glasses - nice start to our vacation in this marvellous city. In fact we found both themselves and the rest of the reception staff to be very helpful and knowledgable on everything from where to dine, some good clubs to check out, how to use the local transportation and of course some of the best tourist sites to visit. We opted for breakfast in our room all except one morning (have to request the night before (no problem!), and was typically European: delicious, strong black coffee with cream, orange juice, toast (real butter!), croissonts and yummy Greek style yoghurt... The big difference was in the way it was served... on genuine antique china with real silver cutlery - a touch we've found only in a few high end botique hotels these days... We really enjoyed the ambience created in the tasteful decor from the entrance hall, to the common sitting room, to our room itself with a wonderful collection of antiques which Sergio and Abel have hand chosen during their travels prior to reforming and opening the Hostal. Alas, chatting with them over drinks, one can easily perceive that the creation of L'Antic Espai was a labour of love for them, indeed fulfilling their dream, and not simply creating yet another boring, run of the mill accommodation option for visitors to Barcelona. (Even the old hidraulic tiles, restored and set into the floor of our room have a story, and Abel and Sergio will be happy to tell it over a drink if you have the time as we did...). May those who deserve as special a place as this is come to visit, we will be back and highly recommend it!Richard and Rob  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Punjabibanda
<Content>Loved The Hostal L'Antic Espai Me and the lads just got back from an amazing stay in Barcelona. Hotel was great, staff are very helpful, they let you know where to eat, sightsee and go out at night. Location is ideal considering the price, just a 3-5 minute walk off the top of Las Ramblas. Rooms are quite unique given that most hotels have come straight out of an Ikea. Had a really nice terrace next to the room which is a gtreat place to chill. All in all would highly recommend it and would definetly stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Rumpleteazer
<Content>Exquisite and tasteful We stayed 2 nights at L'Antic Espai and I wish we stayed more! Excellent location, near the busy Rambla district and great places to dine, but at the same time in a nice residential area. Very few rooms, each one differs from others in design...wonderful common area decorated in the style of the belle epoque, with antic furniture, porcelain pictures in frames on the walls, and porcelain figures and vases everywhere..two canarys in a cage in the patio...The rooms also have antic design, a good addition to it being an LCD-screen TV with a DVD player attached to it (have you seen many of them in 2-star properties?) Our room also pleasantly surprised us with a large balcony where my friend had her evening cigarette, and an air conditioner which was unnoticeable (no strong blowing from anywhere) but kept the right climate in the room. And, finally, although the room faced a lively street, it was sound proof. We didn't hear any noise at all. Yes, the hotel is located on the 1st floor of a residential building, but we were helped with the luggage on both our arrival and departure so had no problem on that side.Another truth is, that the shower cabin can, in a way, nourish your claustrofobia, but the bathroom itself was of a reasonable size, spotless, and had everything necessary, including a hair dryer. A computer with Internet access available in the common area free of charge added to the overall positive impression. All in all, if you are looking for a faceless standard N-star chain hotel, then look another way. We are going to return.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TeachinCa
<Content>Expected more... Stayed there with my teen daughter for 4 nights. Great location.. beautiful rooms... But, where were the wonderful, helpful, friendly staff that I read about?? I speak Spanish, so I don't think it was a language thing.When we arrived at the hotel, we were buzzed in and someone carried our bags up the flight of stairs, but the gentleman seemed surprised/annoyed that we were there, and didn't offer much in the way of a greeting (I thought that we were at the wrong place!) We were shown to our room and given water, but the gentleman seemed very uncomfortable with us, and quickly left. We were given no information about the neighborhood (e.g., where to eat, location of transportation...), and this odd attitude lasted throughout our stay!The rest of the stay was fine. Great room, great location... but we always felt uncomfortable with the staff. One morning the fire alarm went off at 6:30am, and continued to RING LOUDLY for 1 hour! No apology nor explanation was given.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	2	2	

<Author>Dirkvdw
<Content>AS GOOD AS THEY SAY!! Two nights here on 16th - 18th November out of Newcastle ... on recommendation from TripAdvisor reviews (of course...) Easy to find thanks to directions on this site Airport bus to Plaza de Catalunya 芒鈥毬?.95 (you can pay on bus .. the ticket machine next to the stop at the airport Terminal 1 didn't take our banknotes, and there's no English help here ..Facing the Corte Ingles store, go left 2.5 blocks to the BIG road Gran Via, and then go right two blocks .. look for the red flag hanging above the doorway .. ring the bell, go through the small door into the entrance, turn the light on the wall to the r!ight and up the stairs to reception where a friendly smile and your keys to your room await you.We usually stay modern, this was like stepping back in time and in high society .. there were antiques everywhere, grand cabinets, tall ceilings, beautiful objects and antiques mixed with hi-tech plasma tv in the small lounge and fascinating things laid out on hall tables. Amazing.We stayed in Romm 101, my sister and her husband in room 104.101 was cute, small, comfortable, with lovely low slung beds with huge fancy headboards complementing the tall mirrored wardrobe , and the small balcony overlooking La Gran Via (road) .... the traffic was pretty constant apart from Sunday morning, but if you close the shutters, then the door and the curtains, we slept very well indeed, with an occasional background hum or police siren.Bathroom is tiny, modern and clean with a toilet and shower only and there's a small LCD television and CD player on the wall of the bedroom.We found the matress comfortable indeed and both slept very well each evening, though we had eaten like kings close by during the afternoon and the evening with a few few glasses of wine or beer which may have helped. Room 104 is definitely bigger and brighter as it empties onto the communal (shared by four aprtments / rooms of the Hostel)We will return!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>heinertx
<Content>Nice place at a fair price My wife and I stayed at the Hostal L'Antic Espai in room 101. As noted a few times it鈥檚 a little hard to find but we had the address and with a little mixture of Spanish and English between us and the taxi driver we found it. Pros: Good priceClean rooms  bathQuiet enough even though we faced a main street-good insulation on those door/windows to the small balcony. (Spain won the semi-final round in the Euro 2008 while we were there and we did hear horns but given the level of excitement we were still able to sleep through it)Private feeling-no big hotel feeling at all.Good location-bottom of the Eixample-can walk to most big sites or take the metro nearby. Complimentary welcome drink. Helpful staff-answered basic tourist questions. Ordered taxies. Neutral:Beds-low euro style but surprisingly comfortable Rooms are small as is the bathroom but it was expected. Small shower so if you are shall we say 鈥渓arger鈥?than average the fit will be tight. Guessing 30鈥?X 30鈥?width for the showers. Cons:The hotel is on the second floor and there is no elevator. If you are okay with carrying your luggage up two flights (we were) then you should have no problem. We weren鈥檛 there much except to sleep as there was plenty to do in Barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>jintsjason
<Content>Bed made for Colonel Tom Thumb I stayed at the L'Antic Espai for one night after flying from Newark. Very well located and they got my room ready for me by 1PM which I appreciated greatly. I can't remember the room number, but believe me when I tell you that while the room was lovely and the bed was an antique, it was about 5'6 long, and as I'm 5'10 tall, well...not so great. Make sure to ask for a room that has a real full-sized bed.Otherwise a really lovely hotel.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>arw9203pgw
<Content>choice of rooms Ditto all the rave reviews about this charming, brilliantly located place run by the friendliest, most helpful bunch of hoteliers. My husband and I (professionals in our 50s) will definitely stay there the next time we're in Barcelona. A few words about room choice, from the back-of-the-door diagram in our room: We stayed in 107, a double-plus-bath with a parlor that opened onto a shared patio via big glass doors. Other rooms around the patio: 104 and 105 (doubles) and 106 ( a single). Rooms off interior air shafts: 108, 109, 110. Rooms overlooking the street (the Gran Via): 101, 102, and 103. Also, ask about directions to walk to Ciudad, Condal, the staff's favorite tapas bar just a few blocks away!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jjanvil
<Content>loved our stay We discovered this gem through Trip Advisor  everything about it was fantastic. Our stay of 9 days was great since the art nouveau buildings(which we loved so much) were so close. The location couldn't be better; the staff was very accommodating  pleasant; etc. We appreciated the owner who is passionate about collecting antiques for the rooms. He worked very hard to restore this wonderful boutique hotel. it was a very memorable stay.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>midlifeSharilee
<Content>Can't Wait to go back!! A friend and I stayed for 3 wonderful nights. Abel and Sergio took fabulous care of us, including making a snack for my friend (who is recently pregnant) late one night when she was hungry and it was a bit late to get out for food. This is a wonderful renovation, and you can feel the love, care and effort that has gone into making this hostel and welcoming home after touring the city. We stayed in Room 101, with twin beds, and deemed the beds magic, we slept so well! Although the room is right on the busy street, the windows effectively block all noise. The shower is a bit tight, but great water pressure, and it does what it needs to do.We wanted to return for the two nights we would be back in Barcelona before going home, alas, everything was booked up. No surprise there. I am looking forward to going back, both to Barcelona and to this very special hostel.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TXTrekker
<Content>Wonderful What a great place. You are right in the middle of all the action. Arrival is easy, just ring the buzzer and go up the stairs. You are essentially living in an apartment building so you see the residents going in and out. The place has an interesting decor but is quite comfortable and everyone is friendly. I stayed in room 106 and loved having the patio to relax on and drink wine. The bathrooms are small but well maintained and adequate. I chose not to have breakfast there but found plenty of wonderful cafes within a 4 block walk. The help at the front desk provided me with great restaurant recommendations and really put you in the heart of this active city. I would definitely stay here again and recommend anyone else the same.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Pandah2
<Content>Great location, staff  We stayed two nights and were impressed with the cleanliness of the room and friendliness of the staff. We asked for recommendations for Tapas and Catalan restaurants and to avoid tourist traps and were directed to excellent places. The food was the best of our three week Mediterranean vacation! Excellent location near Las Ramblas and Placa Catalunya, where you can catch the sightseeing and airport buses. Will stay again and highly recommend this hostel to anyone who enjoys a European style hotel.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>fifikiwi
<Content>Cute two star hotel We just returned from a 4 day trip at Barcelona. This hotel offers excellent location, room with antique style and helpful staffs. The only complaint I have is the noise. It's a one floor hotel with ten rooms, our room is next to the reception and was noisy at night, especially with the receptionist talking. Another inconvenience is that they do not have a receptionist who speaks English in the morning. Overall is a good value stay and will stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	5	

<Author>AmyNorthCarolina
<Content>Adored the Hostel L'Antic espai       sitting area  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hugsSussex
<Content>Great Stay The hostal is ideally situated. The decor of the hostal is charming. We were made to feel very welcome and were given good information of places and restaurants to visit. We look forward to returning to Barcelona soon. We would definately stay at Hostal L'Antic Espai again. We can recommend Room104 which has the use of a large terrace.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>parkranger
<Content>Unique experience We were visiting Barcelona to celebrate our 30th wedding anniversary and were looking for a hotel which would make the visit more memorable. After reading tripadvisor reviews we had no hesitation in booking 3 nights at the Antic Espai. Booking online was easy and reassuring as we discussed with Sergio the best room for our requirements (quiet).The entrance from the road is unusual as there is an intercom system which allows access to the hotel on the first floor which was well advised in previous reviews. Any anxieties were immediately dispelled when entering the hotel which is beautifully decorated with antique furniture and porcelain.We stayed in room 104 which had a double and single bed which did restrict floor space a little but we knew that when booking. The reason we chose this room was that it was one of four which opened onto a beautiful terrace, perfect for early evening drinks before hitting town. The bathroom was small but well equipped and spotlessly clean as was the room. The hotel location, for us was absolutely perfect, 10 mins walk from Placa de Catalunya where all the buses stopped, including the Aerobus direct from/to the airport and where La Rambla started. The staff were very pleasant and helpful with great advice on local dining. Special mention to Abel, who on discovering it was our anniversary, appeared with a chilled bottle of cava and joined us on the terrace to celebrate.We were looking for a hotel which would add to the Barcelona experience and one which in a few years time we would still remember for the right reasons and Antic Espai fulfilled our wishes as it is truly a unique hotel in a fantastic city.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>marshvu
<Content>Very Memorable Experience All the nice comments we read about L'Antic Espai proved to be true. This is a wonderful ten room hotel in an old restored second floor apartment in a very beautiful section of Barcelona. It exudes warmth and old world charm. From the time we arrived when we were greeted by Abel with a choice of wine or coffee to the time we left, the hospitality couldn't have been better. All rooms in this hotel are furnished with beautiful antiques which Abel and Serge have collected from many countries. Our room opened out onto a lovely patio furnished with tropical plants, finches and parakeets in cages, and old world wrought iron furniture. The staff goes out of its way to see that your stay is comfortable and memorable. Nearby are several good restuarants and access to public transportation. We look forward to returning! Hats off to the staff.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stokesnet
<Content>Fabulous L'Antic Espai I took a group of eight people to stay in the hotel for five nights. The owners were so kind and hospitable. Rooms small and comfortable. All of their recommendations of things to do and places to eat were excellent. They went out of their way to be kind to us. Service was great and to my surprise our room was quiet. Fabulous experience for all of us!js from north carolina  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NicC
<Content>Good location and lovely rooms We only had one night sadly, but our room was lovely and the hotel was surprising easy to find. Even though we arrived at 11pm, we were offered a welcome drink, which sadly we had to decline as we were in a hurry to go out and have dinner. The location is good - about a 10 minute walk from the Born area and close to the Ramblas etc. Good shopping nearby if you like that sort of thing - including a large zara.Only thing not so good was the lack of breakfast. Confusingly, there was a menu in our room mentioning a terrace and breakfast, but when we left the next morning and asked at reception (I think it was a maid on duty) she just said 'no breakfast'. So we found a hotel cafe nearby. Was a shame to leave on a bit of a downer like that so for that reason I'm not giving it 5 marks.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ekmngrlz
<Content>A truly unique Barcelona experience This hostal (collection of rooms) is a hidden gem on the second floor of an apartment building centrally located near Placa de la Catalunya and Las Ramblas. If you want a clean, modern, boring hotel with a big lobby, a reception desk and an elevator, then this place is not for you. But if you think you might enjoy the chance to stay as an honored guest in one of 10 rooms in a beautiful antique apartment, it's a unique experience. The owners and staff are friendly, helpful and attentive to every need. The parlor and the individual rooms are beautiful, the bathrooms are brand new and the patio which adjoins several of the rooms is lovely. The rooms are surprisingly quiet and peaceful, considering that the apartment building is located on Gran Via de la Cortes Catalan, a major and very noisy avenue in the heart of the city. We stayed here with our three teenage daughters and everybody had a wonderful time. The owner/operators have lovingly renovated and furnished the apartment and it is a thing of beauty, even though the parlor has a very large flat panel TV and a computer for guests' use. All in all, a wonderful experience and a great way to stay in Barcelona.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>brooklynprof
<Content>Lovely L'Antic       room 104  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>cmania
<Content>Excellent stay at L'Antic Espai!!!! Hello, I am a travel agent from Virginia and took a small group of 8 ladies to Barcelona for a 5 night stay at the L'Antic Espai. We had a wonderful stay there. We liked the fact the hotel was not directly on Las Ramblas or the busier streets of Barcelona. Yet, it was close to restaurants, cafes, metro, Plaza Cataluna, and Las ramblas. The bathrooms, particularly the showers, were on the small side as was previously mentioned in the reviews, but we made it work. The bathrooms were efficient, clean and we were so anxious to hit the streets and see this beautiful city that it was absolutely no problem making it work. I recommend booking a room that goes out to the lovely terrace. It was a great place to have a glass of cava or wine in the afternoon or evening. However, the main reason I would recommend this hotel and would personally stay there again when I return to Barcelona is the incredible staff of Hostal L'Antic Espai. Abel, Sergio, Felipe and all the staff made our stay memorable!! They always took the time to make excellent recommendations to us and they were absolutely wonderful and helpful in every way. It was great chatting with them and sharing our daily adventures with them. If you want wireless service for your Internet, huge bathrooms with soaking tubs, a restaurant at the hotel, amenities of a 5 star hotel, this place is not for you. Go to a 4-5 star property. But if you are looking for a unique small charming hotel, with a great location and the best staff I have ever found at a hotel, this place is for you. I had several very discerning travelers that were with me on this trip and they absolutely loved this entire experience. Thanks Abel, Sergio, Felipe and the rest of the staff!!! I miss all of you!!!!!Ciao,Anne Walsh  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Glamahh
<Content>Old World Charm I visited the hotel with four friends in October. We each has our own rooms. Two of us had rooms with access to the lovely patio (106 and 107) and the other three had interior rooms. I would say that the outside rooms were very charming and the patio a delight for all five of us. The interior rooms were extremely small. All agreed that the hotel was very, very clean, well kept and charming.The owners are delightful and we found the staff to be helpful. When we rang the bell, someone came down to take up our bags. There is a climb to the hotel and the building seems to be under renovation. The walk up is quite dim but apparently safe. Once the door to the hotel opens, however, it's like Dorothy's experience when she opened the door and saw Oz.There is a delightful array of antique furniture and knick knacks everywhere. Very homey. Very well done. The location is great. Central and in a nice neighborhood. On our way home each day from roaming about town, we'd stop and buy a few bottles of great Priorat wine, some cheese and bread and sit on the patio until we were ready to head out for a late dinner, usually of tapas. Our hosts would see our bags of goodies and bring us antique glasses to use for our wine. Nice touch. Nice people.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>NanGarvey
<Content>A fabulous boutique hotel - with staff to match We had no idea what to expect when we arrived at Hostal L'Antic Espai. The stairs leading up to the hotel were dark and a bit dingy - in fact, we initially knocked on the wrong door. However, once inside we were delighted to discover a stylish boutique hotel with charm in spades. We enjoyed our stay immensely - but when I returned home to the UK I discovered I'd left one of my accessories behind. The hotel manager and staff were brilliant about sending my belongings back to me - confirming my high opinion of L'Antic Espai and the generosity and kindness of the people who work there. I'll definitely go back - they're brilliant.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bryanbiggin
<Content>A wonderful place to stay       Our breakfast room  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UkLeo3
<Content>Adventure in Barcelona       The terrace  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Zenarosa
<Content>A home in Barcelona! I am always late with the reviews I write, but I wanted to add my comments here as we had a lovely stay at this hotel. Firstly, I should warn visitors that they should consider this less a hotel to visit and more a chance to live in part of an apartment in Barcelona. The entrance is via an unassuming door and you climb the stairs to the entrance which is lovely, for being unexpected. Myself and my husband felt like we were living in Barcelona for the weekend rather than staying in a hotel.The staff on reception were always warm and friendly and their English was always far better than our Spanish (I confess that my poor language abilities in Spain, mean I am grateful for finding that they have made the effort so we can communicate, when my contribution is limited to asking for two beers!The location was also great, we walked for most of the time, or took the tourist bus, which was very handy for getting around.We didn't eat breakfast in the hotel, as it was pricey, we tended to wander to a cafe up the street a little. However, we did have a few drinks on the patio, which was lovely.The room (107) was filled with lovely antiques, and as we don't tend to spend much time in the hotel, the size was fine. The small seating area was nice to have and relax when we were in the room, and of course we could always sit on the patio, with the birds.It was a little noisy in the room, but not as bad as we expected as we were on the main road. The only think I would say, is that I could also feel the metro as it passed underneath.We have already recommended this hotel to friends and would do so again happily. It's a lovely, friendly home from home. Don't expect it to be like a Hilton, it's not, and that is why it is so charming.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>TMANewYork
<Content>Not the Place for Me       bathroom  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	2	2	2	

<Author>mrsjayne
<Content>small part of paradise stayed for 2 nights and were treated really special.beautiful furniture and decore. i am going again in march 2008. breakfast was served on beautiful china and oh what an amazing breakfast. we were so well taken care of and i loved every moment. this hotel and the staff are what made barcelona so special. definitely worth a visit!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IssyVP
<Content>Unique rooms and wonderfully friendly owners... I booked this hotel online and whilst the website messed up the dates Sergio was fantastic at replying to my emails and straightening it all out.My parents also stayed here and after being away and staying in hotels/bbs night after night for 3 weeks, it was such a wonderful stay and we were relieved to be in such a warm, friendly and pretty place. We had rooms along the lovely balcony which were fantastic and we thoroughly enjoyed our breakfast out there as well. The ambience is lovely and Abel and Serigio love what they do, which really shows, especially the details in each of the rooms and the way they interact with the guests.Thank you to both Abel and Sergio for a fabulous stay. I will definitely be back to stay again.PS I am a very light sleeper and didn't hear any traffic noise in the rooms along the balcony.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>sarefeet
<Content>Not a chain - and all the better for it We arrived at the hostel in the dark of the evening but had no problem finding it. It is situated about 5 mins walk away from the Place de Catalunya, right in the heart of Barcelona, where the Aeroport bus (cheap and regular) can drop you off. Admittedly the entrance is via a darkened stairwell and their are no lift facilities but for us this was not a problem.Once in the hostel this is quickly forgotten anyway as the welcome from Felipe was warm and friendly and quickly we felt comfortable in our room (the suite) and the decor delightful.The room was fantastic - the antiques give the place a lovely character and we were lucky enough to have a balcony veranda overlooking the street, which though busy, did not disturb our sleep in the slightest. (Though we did have the double sound insulation that the suites balcony provides).The staff were all really friendly and bent over backwards to accomodate.The bed we found to be particularly comfortable - so much so that with the heavy curtains we struggled to awake early in the morning!!The Hostel does have a small menu of breakfasts and will provide drinks as required - though not sampling the menu we did have some nice cups of tea (and the odd beer too!).As a small aside we could recommend the Italian (!) restaurant (Prims) a block away - not overly expensive the evening meal we had was a delight.Highly recommended and good value.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Shanehoustonlittle
<Content>Excellent in context of price and location We contacted the hotel via e-mail and were surprised at how responsive they were. We booked Room 107 and our friends booked Room 105. The hotel is two blocks from two different metro stations covering four different lines. It is at the center of four different neighborhoods of importance to you if you are here for pleasure. Even though we arrived early they let us check in early :) so we could get naps before heading out to see the cityOur room opened onto the very large balcony (which is important if you are a smoker). The room contains a double sized bed and two nightstands, a large armoire and a sitting area. The shower is defintely for one person and the bathroom is a little smallish. The staff were always helpful, even when we arrived in the early hours (or very late). I am rating the overall experience as excellent which is rare for me. In the context of the price, the central location and the genuine warmth and authenticity of this establishment, I felt like a local staying at a close friend's apartment. I usually tend towards boutique hotels or 5 star properties but my stay here has broadened my travel preferences. I am going to look for more hotels like this one that fits in the fabric of the surrounding neighborhood. Only downsides; I could sense the metro when it passed underground during the night and the children from the adjacent school tend to be set on full time scream.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>joylin
<Content>an ok stay       balcony off room 102  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>bklynguy
<Content>my reservations experience with Hostal L'Antic Espai In all fairness to the Hostal L'Antic Espai, I feel the need to respond because of the review by mer772 from Montreal.I booked a room for May 2008 via email. I was incredibly surprised how Sergio or Abel responded so quickly! I had several questions and emailed several times. Each response was detailed, VERY friendly and courteous. After booking via email, I had called the hotel directly (from Brooklyn, NY!) a week later to ask some more questions. Whomever I spoke to was eager to answer my questions and even confirmed my booking (without me asking).I know when calling overseas, you need to take the time difference into account. If no one answers, it's probably because they are busy taking care of their guests. Based on the tripadvisor reviews, I booked this hotel because of the service that the staff gives, along with the location of the property. The experience I had with this hotel so far has been nothing more than pleasant, friendly,  professional  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>karen11g
<Content>Great location, beautiful antiques, but noise, noise, noise! This hotel is an easy walk from Playa de Catalunya and the Passeig de Gracia (a three-line Metro transfer station), so great, convenient location. The staff was helpful and the decor beautiful. But we had a (very small) room off the terrace and it was the noisiest room we've ever been in! There is a day care playground just over the terrace wall, so little children played loudly all day and well into the evening. (Not too big a problem, since we weren't there much during the day, but contstant when we were.) The rooms that face the terrace have only the glass terrace doors for a noise barrier. We had very loud neighbors who partied in their room until 1 AM, then went out and returned noisily at 4 AM. (Asked the person on staff if she could ask them to quiet down at a little after midnight, but it didn't help.) There are also flats not owned by the hotel that face the terrace on higher levels and there was a huge party in one of those rooms the next night until well after 3 AM! Earplugs barely made a dent. Maybe just our bad luck, but we'd definitely choose another place next time.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mer772
<Content>disappointing potential stay at l'antic espai First: We are not staying at the Hostal L'Antic Espai!Secondly: We are traveling to Spain the last two weeks of this coming December 2007, but thought it very important to mention my experience trying to book a room at L'antic Espai.Third: I sent them several requests for a reservation via email but not ONE reply or any form of communication.I tried calling several times in the morning and evening no one answers, the phone just rings. My last effort was to email their form request for a reservation with my credit card information(stupid I know) with my dates of room rental.After two weeks of no communication from the hostal, I figured they did not have any rooms available, but then my credit card was charged by Abel himself for my first nights stay in Barcelona for December 20th. The means of doing business in this way, is completely unprofessional and a bit sketchy in book. I am now in the long process of disputing this charge and of course cannot get a hold of the owner of the hostal L'Antic for my credit!So, Requester BEWARE!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	-1	1	1	1	

<Author>Boline
<Content>So glad we found it My husband and I recently stayed at Hostal L'Antic Espai for three nights before leaving on a cruise and then for one night before we flew out of Spain. We found the staff to be very, very helpful. They suggested restaurants, called taxis and put up graciously with our lack of Spanish. We stayed in room 107 and really enjoyed the balcony for relaxing after long days of walking. It can be noisy when folks talk in the hallway, but this happened so rarely that we didn't mind. It even added a certain homey feel. The hotel could not be better located either. Everything was within easy reach by foot or by metro. We would heartily recommend that folks stay at the hotel if they are looking for a great location, gracious staff and a quirky charm that one cannot find in a standard chain-type hotel.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Turlendu
<Content>Trip Advisor Expectations Were too High First off, let me say I have extensive travel experience in Europe with hotels of all classes. For me, this property served its purpose. It is quite well situated, attractive and clean. The negatives were the noise on Gran Via (not tons of traffic at night, but this is a major thoroughfare, so there are plenty of cars passing by at night) and the cramped quarters. The lobby is a hallway on the second floor so there really isn't a place to hang out. It has no windows and thus no natural light and the entrance is a bit awkward. Our room was acceptable in size given what I've experienced before in London and Paris and nicely appointed. I believe there was an interior sitting space, but it was not really inviting and again had no natural light. It's not though I wanted to spend all my time in the hotel, but I do like just a little space. The owners were helpful, but not as magical as I had assumed from some of the Trip Advisor accounts. Maybe I'm old fashioned, but one of the guys was wearing biker attire which I found a bit too casual and I'm a pretty laid back guy. Barcelona is definitely a place to splurge. Next time I think I will do that. Hotel Neri was one really cool place in the gothic quarter, but a major upgrade in price.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>malcognito
<Content>Like staying in a museum (in a good way!)       The phone!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>AndreaLeverkusen
<Content>Wonderful small hotel       Hostal L麓Antic Espai, Room 101  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ArnulfoMonterrey
<Content>Just Like Home We had a wonderful stay. We travelled with another couple, our friend got sick and that s when we realized that we were almost at home. Abel and Sergio are excellents hosts, Abel is a Doctor and he has always making sure that our friend was doing fine. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful, the location is suberb, and the price is extremely competitive. Deffinitely a gem in Barcelona. You will not find a flashy lobby or spacious rooms, but you will find many other things you won t find on the expensive options. In a balance, I deffinitely will go for this place.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>annabelleD
<Content>loved the antiques at L'Antic We have just returned from 2 weeks in spain, spending our last 2 nights in Barcelona at L'antic Espai. The location is spectacular...3 blocks from the Casa Balti, and 3 blocks from the airport bus stop. On the second floor of a gracious Barcelona townhouse, this hotel is a little gem. The special touches are wonderful; choclate truffles, terry bath robes, crystal water glasses, lovely furnishings, in house video library. Don't be put off by the rather rustic front door. Serge and company make you feel special from the first minute you arrive. I wish I could have stayed longer!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WrldTravlr247
<Content>Exceeded our Expectations! After reading all the positive reviews, my friends and I decided to stay at the Hostal L'Antic Espai in Barcelona, Spain. There were a few outweighing factors that assisted in making our decision: 1) Recommendations - As I mentioned, the place had received countless positive reviews and the hotel did fit the bill, by exceeding our expectations. 2) Location - The Hotel is conveniently located a few blocks from plenty of shopping stores and is approximately a 10 walking distance from Las Ramblas. There is a Metro stop approximately two blocks away and many historical sites and museums are within walking distance. 3) Price - In comparing prices to neighboring hotels, the price per night (for a triple bed) totalled approximately 144 (USD) 14, whereas other hotels charged as much as 400+ per night. The staff namely Sergio, Felipe, and Abel were extremely helpful and on numerous occasions went out of their way to feel guests feel welcomed. I personally goofed on our reservations a few times, which caused them to make several changes to our reservations and during each correspondence they warmly made my changes. The rooms are fashionably decorated (much like the staff) and offer a warm welcome. The terrace is a good spot to enjoy the weather while reading a book. You will be able to hear children laughing and playing as the Hotel lies near a school, but they cannot be heard once the doors are shut.Some both positive and not so positive remarks: positive: 1) The staff is super friendly and offers their advice when possible 2) Location - Close to restaurants, shopping, and attraction sites 3) Price - We couldn't find a hotel that offered the same rates where service was unparalleled 4) Free Internet (this helps out and if you'd like there are two Internet cafes nearby) negative: 1) the rooms are somewhat smaller than I was used to, but we managed without any complications 2) During the day you may be able to hear the kitchen a bit, but some earplugs (recommended for every travel) will easily solve the problem. Many more positives for the hotel and highly recommended. This was my second time in Barcelona and I have stayed in approximately five different hotels, but this one was by far the best.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>elestoban
<Content>the wonder of trip advisor The wonder of trip advisor - no - not this hotel - but that both the previous reviews can be correct - which they are !!!The hotel is a gem , very different  very quirky but yes if 3 stay in a triple room it will be very very cramped.See previous reviews ref antiques,ornaments etc - they must spend hours dusting everything !!i was travelling with my mate  the doubles looked like doubles not twins , the triple was only about 15 euros more so we booked that  for 2 it was fine, for 3 with cases horrible like camping.the location is good, if u want something out of the ordinary but without spending a fortune give it a go  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>D&DWoods
<Content>We agree totally! It's hard to add anything more to the previous reviews, other than we agree with the positive comments. We took the bus from the airport to Plaza Catalunya. Facing the Corte Ingles store, go left 2 1/2 blocks to the Gran Via, and then go right two blocks. It's easy to get to. For a different hotel experience, this is fantastic. We felt as though we were guests of a well-to-do family from around the turn-of-the-century who owned one of those five-story houses along the Gran Via. We had probably the best room (and the most expensive at 135 euro), #102, because it includes the balcony that projects out over the front entrance. The ceiling has the original stucco and gold-leaf trim with a glass chandelier. The warmth and attentiveness of Sergio and Abel add a lot to one's stay. The hotel is a marvelous showplace for the beautiful art pieces that they collect. This is a peaceful, safe, romantic place to stay in a busy city.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>Nearly40Yorkshire
<Content>a little gem Loved this place! On arrival was rather apprehensive as a huge wooden door and banner overhead was all there was to be seen. Once inside a fair number of steps up to the first floor and then WOW! The quaintest place in the world. Lovely attention to detail, full of antiques and china and chandeliers. Sounds naff but it works really well. All immaculately clean with comfy beds and new bathrooms. Our hosts and their staff couldn't have been more helpful without being at all intrusive. Nothing was too much trouble. The atmosphere was homely and relaxed yet it felt a bit like being at a stately home. Rooms are small but perfect. Breakfast was lovely and 24hr room service was ( v cheap ) and great. One to recommend to friends and I'll be back.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AnnaliseLondon
<Content>Didn't love the L'Antic Espai Based on all the reviews I was really looking forward to staying here but when we arrived I was very very disapointed. We were 3 people staying in a triple room which was very very cramped, definately not enough space for us to even open three suitcases at the same time! The walls of the room were extremely thin so we could hear every little noise and movement outside the room which was annoying and made sleeping difficult . I heard a few guests complaining to Sergio about this as well. The other thing that was disappointing is that there is no english TV channels which was surprising and not something I could easily get used too. Also on the website they state that they have laundry facilities but this is not really the case. They made us an offer to do one load of laundry (a full load only) for 20 Euros- we wanted to launder 2 pairs of jeans so of course I was not going to pay 20 Euros!Sergio and Able were polite but I didn't find them particularly friendly nor did they go our of their way to provide us with any information or assistance we needed. I found Marianne to be the most helpful.Although it has its charms, for the price (no breakfast included either)I would prefer to stay else where. The two hotels closest to the Antic Espai offered similar pricing with 4 star facilities so I think I will stay there on my next visit for Barcelona.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	3	3	

<Author>Juliespeak
<Content>A very Special Place What a find! Thank you TravelAdvisor, the best reviews are more than true. On a lovely avenue with old Historic buildings, far enough away from the obnoxious Ramblas but centrally located and easy to get to anything else. The hotel is lovely, filled with unusual fine antiques. Everything is of the highest quality and the service is kind and attentive. Abel and Serge have put their hearts into this business and do everything to make their clients comfortable and feel welcome. Breakfast on the terrace is heavenly. A very romantic spot but lovely too if you are traveling alone as I was.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>montagne
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Utterly wonderful. We stayed in room 107 and really couldnt have enjoyed it more. Do stay here, a home away from home and nothing is too much trouble for the staff.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>heyenga
<Content>my second home i already spent various times in hostal l 'antic espai - and each time i am looking forward to come back again.the personal service of abel and sergio is highly appreciated. furthermore i like the rooms - each of them individually decorated with antic furniture and other antic items on a high level.the hostal l'antic espai is something very special - meantime my second home.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>missladylee
<Content>Wonderful idyll in the bustling city I have to echo the sentiments of so many who have reviewed this hotel. I stayed here for three nights and four days and it was an absolute pleasure. The hotel was excellently located, within a short walk of all the main tourist drags, and, despite being on one of Barcelona's busiest (and noisiest) streets, extraordinarily quiet and peaceful.The staff were extremely polite and accommodating and I have to commend them for their forbearance with my terrible Spanish! For a single woman traveling alone this is a great place to stay.Whilst my single room was small, it was comfortable, cleaned every day and a welcome haven after a long day's walking. I loved the antique furniture and the uniqueness of each room. I cannot recommend it more highly and I am eager to return to Barcelona (with a friend in tow hopefully) so I can stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>crts
<Content>Fantastic place My family recently stayed at the Hostal L'Antic Espai. I was worried because it had the name of Hostal in it rather than Hotel. This seems to be just a rule in Spain because it does not have a lobby on the ground floor! The Hostal L'Antic Espai is is a magical place that has been transformed by Sergio and Abel, the owners. The art work and attention to detail are first class. The rooms are comfortable, with hot showers and DVD players in each room, though with so much to do in Barcelona, you won't need them. The rooms were immaculate and everything is well cared for. The hotel has only been open for a year. If you are looking for a boutique hotel with a fantastic location, this is the place. It is easy to walk to the Las Ramblas and 2 blocks from a metro station for connections anywhere else in Barcelons. Add to this the friendly owners with lots of inside information on the city and you can't go wrong staying here.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kiwish
<Content>A hint of antiquity in modern Barcelona We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at L'Antic Espai. Everyone was friendly. The rooms were beautiful. The decor is fantastic and has the look and feel of an old fashioned historic hotel and yet the bathrooms are modern and clean and the hotel is certainly well priced for Barcelona which is generally overly expensive as regards accomodation.It is in a fantastic location - really easy to walk to Las Ramblas and it has plenty of great restaurants nearby. We would go there again the next time we visit Barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pathfinder54
<Content>Perfect entry way to Barcelona My wife and I have just returned from a delightful visit to Catalunya. It was made all the more pleasant by our stay at the Hostal L'Antic Espai. The many other 5-star reviews of this charming hostal completely convey my impressions and experience with this place, made special by its owners Sergio and Abel along with their kind and helpful staff. The rooms with a terrace provide a nice refuge before and after a day's trek around the amazing, friendly city of Barcelona. And, do go to the recommended tapas bar just down the street -- Ciudad Condal.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Evany
<Content>Beautiful and welcoming boutique hotel This is a very special boutique hotel in the heart of Barcelona. The attention to detail is what struck me. Abel, one of the owners, told me that he and Sergio had designed the hotel as the ideal place where they themselves would want to stay - and it shows. Nothing was overlooked in either the appearance or the service.As a woman travelling alone, I found this hotel an ideal place to stay. I highly reccommend it.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JoeRedHawk
<Content>Downtown Barcelona       View of the city  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>snooksinK.C.
<Content>Lovely B This is a very nice BB in a great location close to the major sites in Barcelona. Sergio and Abel have done a great job with their inn - they love their place  it really shows. They spent a lot of time choosing just the right pieces for each room and each room is a minature jewel box. Yes, it's true, the rooms are small, but look closer and you fine state-of-the-art flat screen TV's  DVD players. Yes, the bathrooms are tiny, but they are well-appointed with every necessity. The patio is very nice too. Sergio and Abel also know their adopted city well - they will help you find things to do and places to go. The Patagonia beef place downstairs is great, as is the tapas place they recommend!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>mfcubana
<Content>Wonderful little hotel decorated with beautiful antiques! This is one of the prettiest, quaint and well cared for little hotels I've ever stayed at. Abel and Sergio are the owners and have made this place beautiful. They are helpful and hospitable hosts who will give you good and honest advice on touring Barcelona. Beautiful antiques are everywhere, and the place is spotlessly clean. The location is also very good, within walking distance of Las Ramblas and many other important sights. Breakfast is prepared to your specifications on gorgeous antique china at a reasonable price. I would highly recommend this little hotel to anyone visiting Barcelona. Thanks Abel and Sergio for a great stay at your place!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Stolitx
<Content>Quaint, beautiful, friendly place in a great location       Goodbye's with Sergio  Able  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Huertas
<Content>How nice is this? This place really impressed us from the moment we were met at the door by Sergio and Abel. After they met us at the door and carried our bags upstairs, they showed us to our rooms, which to our delight were refreshing, clean, charming, and open to the city outside. Our room had a small terrace out to the street and our traveling companions enjoyed a patio filled with plants and songbirds. It was there that we were served a welcoming glass of wine. Abel stayed for a few minutes and gave us some advice on how to get the best use of our time, which was very limited, to see the maximum of Barcelona's sights. That advice turned out to be well worth it as we did Barcelona as best we could that day and had a beautiful dinner at a place also on the list. We would recommend this hotel to weary travelers looking for a spot of true charm and grace. You won't be disappointed!  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dyova
<Content>OK choice for Barcelona L'Antic Espai has several real benefits for a visitor to Barcelona: central location, friendly innkeepers, and a good dose of personality. There are some drawbacks, however, including parking (street parking is next to impossible, and the public lot nearby runs over 30 Euros per day), its second-floor situation (no elevator, an issue if you have a lot of bags), and somewhat cramped rooms. Our room had two twin beds and very little floor space, which meant we had virtually no free space to open our suitcases. The small balcony was a nice plus, although one wouldn't spend much time out there since it was on the second floor above Gran Via, quite a busy street, and the balcony is not deep enough to accommodate seating. The room was clean and well soundproofed; the innkeepers were friendly without being invasive. Overall we had a good stay here, although we were perhaps a little disappointed: previous reviews had led us to expect a bit more.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>sjb2ManchesterUK
<Content>A fantastically personal and tasteful experience My 2 friends and I have recently returned from a trip to Barcelona where we stayed in this delightful Boutique Hotel/Guest house.It has 10 rooms, all are beautifully decorated in an antique style, as is the small communal area and terrace. Attention to detail is faultless, and great pride has clearly been taken in the creation of this lovely accommodation. As others have said, the bathroom contains only a shower (no bath), and it is tiny, but somehow everything else compensates for this. It was not a problem for us at all.We took breakfast and cocktails (not at the same time!) on the terrace. Both were equally well presented, again with attention to detail and consideration of our requirements. It is this level of thought and consideration provided by our hosts, Sergio and Abel that made the overall trip so great.They were also able to provide us with restaurant reccommendations, hints and tips as well as interesting conversation about different lives and cultures. Both men are unfailingly pleasant, and Abel in particular is rather a style icon!I would reccommend this hostel without reservation. Just beware of the intimidating and slightly offputting entrance; keep going, don't turn around, it is all worth it.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vavax
<Content>wonderful boutique hotel in barcelona We just returned from a 4 night stay at L'Antic Espai. Located a few blocks from the old quarter of Barcelona much is within walking distance. Sergio and Abel were celebrating the first anniversary of their Hostal (much more like a boutique hotel) this past week. Much thought and love has gone into this 10 room gem. Each is furnished with beautiful antiques, all have private bath and shower (including little shampoos, clean towels daily etc..) and most have huge, floor to ceiling windows that open either onto the shared terrace or private little balconies. I traveled with my mother who is in her 80's. She needed some special accomodations . The staff couldn't have been more receptive and accomodating. They also recommended good restaurants and shows. The only negative thing that I can say is that the rooms were a bit small, and some didn't have enough room to put our things away. They are working on that. Go and enjoy yourselves in this delightful little place.( English, German, Portuguese and Spanish are spoken by staff).  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WFBtravellers
<Content>A great hotel       bathroom  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>greentea7
<Content>felt very comfortable I stayed 7 nights at the hostal and had very nice impression as most of the comments are saying here. Since I was a female single traveler, Abel and Sergio always made sure whether I am OK and that made me feel safe. They gave nice suggestion where to eat etc. when I asked.Yes, the room was small but nicely decorated and I loved it. If you look for warm-hearted and comfortable stay in Barcelona, I definitely recommend this hostal.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jouniespoosta
<Content>Barcelona break from Finland We had a nice break in L antic espai. We were also a bit curious after the feedback on this site, but we can also confirm that i gives good picture. Hostal is like staying in a home museum, which is a great experience after all the not so personal chain hotels that dont suprise your either way.We stayed at two rooms 102 and 107 for 3 nights. 102 was really great especially the balcony facing to gran via. Quite a special place to enjoy the good breakfast. Yes there is aircon (in 102 behind the curtain on the right side).The hosts were extremely friendly and helpful - the tapas restaurant suggested at rambla catalunya / gran via was certainly worth visiting - also the argentinian beef restaurant just downstairs was a good one - great beefs !Some people have complained that the hostal is hard to find - with map on hotel website it shouldnt be difficult at all - a flag hanging from the wall and clearly marked number of the house.The only people i would not suggest this place is family with kids - i would be scared with all the furniture and historic items at least with our boys, also handicapped people (no lift) and people with heavy overweight as the shower is quite small as mentioned by others beforeAll in all - great experience - go and check it out yourself !  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>davel90
<Content>Special, charming, and welcoming My wife and I have just returned from Hostal L'Antic Espai and can only confirm the many positive comments already available on Trip Advisor:Warm welcoming atmosphere, hospitable hosts, nothing any trouble.Website photographs accurate.Good location.Abundance of hot water in shower and good pressure.Someone always available at reception to welcome you.Clean and spotless.Comfy beds.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rotling
<Content>Part of the Barcelona experience I agree/concur with everything that has been written about Hostal L'Antic Espai. When booking, I was looking for a place that would not be so expensive, since I would be spending most of my time touring the city. I wanted clean, central, quiet, comfortable, secure and easy to get to. I found the Hostal L'Antic Espai to be all these things. We took the bus in from Cadaques to Estacion Nord. It was an easy 15 minute walk to the Hostal, on a major, busy street, 50 meters down from the former Ritz (now the Palace, I think). We stayed in Room 102 for four days, which I recommend. It has a glassed-in floor-tiled kick-out porch overlooking the wide street and tree-lined pedestrian zone in the middle. When the doors to the porch are closed, the street noise is blocked out in the bedroom, at least to the degree that it isn't noticeable. The weather was cool when we were there, so I don't know if there is AC, but in warm weather it would be necessary, so check.The bathroom/shower was new, with attention to detail. The shower stall is not for a big person, however, so please note.The floors in the hostal have been painstakingly restored. The floor in the sitting room is particularly gorgeous.Due to remodeling, with walls added, the rooms are not sound proof, so we made an effort to keep our voices low and walk around in socks (bring your slippers to match the white bathrobe).We were so tired by the end of the day that we sometimes didn't feel like going out again, so we went to an upscale deli just a block away and bought cheese, bread sticks, tapa-like items heated up, and a bottle of champagne (candle essential!) to consume on the porch. Sometimes people on the street would look up at us, and we would wave, and they would wave back.The Hostal is in Gaudi's neighborhood, upscale, and there is public transport nearby, whether the tourist bus, city bus, underground, or taxi. The taxi station on the corner, across from The Palace, was convenient for taking us to the bus station, 5 minutes, for the return to Girona, bone tired, full of info about art history, sated and happy.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bonzvroom
<Content>It's the Little Things       The Entrance  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TanveerLondon
<Content>2 Star Hotel, five star service I normly stay in 4+ star star hotles and this was the first experience of staying in this catogory, but I definitely don't regret my decision. When I saw this hotel's photgraphs on the web, its architecture inspired me as well as the reviews on this web site. Honestely speaking, the service of this hotel is as good as any 5 star hotels' service. in addition to this you feel like you're staying at your own place with your personal care taker. The location is brilliant, staff is extremely friendly and breakfast and afternoon tea at the terrace is unforgettable. It offers DVD player in every room and there are plently of DVD's available to choose from. if some one is a busy professional like me and often don't get time to watch movies, I would recommed not to forget to pack your favourite movies and watch if you get some spare time. I would definitiely stay at this place again and again!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KCorner
<Content>Funky place in a great location It's a shame that L'antic Espai is getting some bad reviews now as it really is an experience to stay there - you feel like you're viewing Barclona as a local would, and not staying in a plastic-tourist hotel.Unfortunately our stay coincided with awful weather so we don't have great memories of the city, and had to take full advantage of the 'umbrella service' offered.We stayed in two rooms (I think 104 and 102) both were immaculately decorated and spotlessly clean. 104 was pretty small but had a seperate dressing area in which to spread out, and opened out onto the shared terrace (which would have been lovely apart from the weather) - 102 was huge with it's own private conservatory. Beds and pillows very comfortable, everything was clean and we loved the fact that we got bathrobes in the wardrobe. Bathrooms are tiny, there's not much space to put your own stuff but they do provide lots of toiletries. Many people have mentioned the size of the shower cubicle, if you drop a lid or something - it's impossible to pick up without opening the door (and ladies, shaving legs is just not going to happen!). Saying that though it does the job, if you're only there for a couple of nights it won't be a problem.People and staff were great and very helpful at all hours of the day and night. We liked having the internet access in reception as it allowed us to book onward flights, we also made use of the video library on our last night as we were packing.The location is superb, only 10 mins from Ramblas if that's what you like, but it's far enough away to escape the hoardes. The airport bus terminates really close by so makes your arrival stress-free.There were a few minor annoyances (like the cost of breakfast, getting woken by the door buzzer), but overall a really enjoyable experience. Recommended  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nadineschatteleijn
<Content>Barcelona, hostal L'antic espai: ''One of a kind!'' After a 10 days stay at this amazing place..with great people:The owners are present 24hrs,taking care of all your questions wishes, great insider recommendations for restaurantssights, extremely helpful when you have a problem..for example when you need a doctor,( one of them is actually a GP!)On a super location:a stone's throw away from placa Catalunya Passeo de Gracia: the heart of the city,well connected with all public transport(Metro, airport-bus),surrounded by shops, restaurants, theaters..where my first impression was:WOW! from the very first minute!Entering the place you think of the 'kabinet of Marie Antoinette' !an impressing collection of antique furniture(every room looks different) gives you a nostalgic comfortable feeling, as if you visit the mansion of your favorite grandparents!while you relax in their 'living-room' they take care of your luggage, and pamper you with something nice to drink..(one of the owners mixes great Margaritas..!)And my room: Beautiful!nr 104,) actually a triple room (but since i stayed a bit longer, it was perfect) antic furniture, spacious, quiet, with a door that opens to a terrace (you share it with 3 other rooms, and they even serve delicious breakfasts outside!) extremely clean: with fresh towels every day, a bathrobe, hairdryer,shampoo.. all the comfort you wouldn't expect in a 2鉁穐ostal in Spain.. so much love for every little detail,fresh flowers every where..It's excellent'' value for money''!I(sadly..) found an appartment , as my job requiers me to stay in Barcelona for more than a year麓!..incase i'd have to leave one day, i know there's always a 'L'espai' to come HOME!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IrelandJimbo
<Content>Disappointed OK - this review is going against the flow a bit but its honest. I'd been really looking forward to staying here given all the other reviews on Tripadvisor but I have to say my main feeling was one of disappointment. I had been expecting much more. They say first impressions count and most of my first impressions were fairly negative. The Hostal itself (I'm not sure if it would be fair to call it a Hotel - more of a guesthouse) is quite difficult to find. The only outward sign is a small banner hanging above the door. The Hostal itself is located on the first floor of the building so you need to know to use the intercomm to the right of the main door to even get into the building. (I made the mistake of keeping my finger on the button until someone answered and got a telling off - not very professional given that i'm paying for the pleasure of staying there). Once through the main door you find yourself in a very shabby shared hallway which is very badly lit unless you know to hit the light switch. Then theres the trek up the stairs to the first floor with your suitcase which is why i wouldn't recommend this hostal to anyone with mobility problems.The shared areas (the reception areas and corridors) of the Hostal are very nice but the rooms aren't anywhere near as lavish or well-decorated. I have to say I only have experience of the single room i was in but it was tiny. The pictures on the website really dont show how small the single rooms are. It had obviously been a normal sized bedroom at one point but had had a bathroom installed in it which meant that there was very little room to move around or even find somewhere to put your suitcase. The bathroom itself was small but adequate and very clean. The shower cubicle was tiny (thats been mentioned in previous reviews) and if you were a large person you would have serious trouble using it. The room had a shuttered window but when i opened it i found myself looking at a tiny lightwell that was being used to contain the central heating boiler and the maids cleaning equipment. Because of this, the room itself was incredibly dark even during the day so remember to bring a clock or you'll have no idea what time of day it is (seriously !). There also seemed to be a lot of background noise. I couldn't make out where this was coming from but i did become convinced that the metro must be running underneath the building. The staff were friendly, especially the maids but my biggest feeling after leaving this place was one of disappointment. Given the previous reviews I had been expecting much more. It simply didnt feel like a professional hotel but more like a guesthouse run by people who have forgotten that the people paying the bills are the guests. I definitely wouldn't recommend this Hostal to anyone wanting a single room or as i've said anyone who might have trouble with stairs. I also wouldn't recommend it to anyone who wanted a bit of luxury or pampering. Its just too basic apart from the decoration and you'll pay through the nose for anything more than the bed for the night the money gets you. Sorry, but i wont be going back.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	4	2	4	3	

<Author>Cage&ZG
<Content>Feel like a resident not a tourist in Barcelona       room 105  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Gereve
<Content>hostal l'antica espai Just returned from 4 days in Barcelona and had booked Hostal L'Antic Espai for two nights. At this stage I feel the word hostal should be ommitted from the description of this establishment and it should be listed as a rare find with impeccable decor and attention to detail. Found it pretty easily and as previously stated by others dont be put off by the entrance but it must be pointed out that you have to climb almost two flights of stairs. We were shown to our room by a girl who spoke almost no english but she was immediately able to telephone the owners so this was not a problem, and the room we were given was no. 101 which I immediately disliked, firstly it was small and at the front of the building which was noisy. I would have checked out there and then but decided to see if there was another room available. I walked down the hall and a member of staff was cleaning some rooms. These were just off the terrace and were just unbelievable , our room was changed without a problem to room 105(at no extra charge) and was beautiful with a large patio door leading to a very beautiful shared terrace with lots of plants and lovely patio furniture, even though its a shared terrace between four rooms we had it to ourselves almost all of the time. I had a look at two or three of the other rooms on that floor they were all decorated differently and each one was beautiful and immaculately clean as was the entire hostal. The halls, sitting room and reception were picture perfect....... The owners were very helpful and nice and I would have no hesitation in recommending the place even though I do feel that as breakfast is not included in the price it is slightly expensive. It is very centrally located. Be sure to ask to the owners to recommend a tapas bar that is just up the street, the food was brill and atmosphere fab. Apart from the absolute cleanliness of the place and the decor, the beds too were sooooo comfortable and the extras in your ensuites like combs, bathroom towelling robes, shampoos etc were an added feature.You couldn't ask for much more. For our fellow irish traveller there are no tea making facilities , but this place is not to be missed..... ROOMS ARE SLIGHTLY SMALLER THAN A STANDARD HOTEL BUT THIS SMALL HOTEL IS ALMOST FAIRYTALE LIKE,,, SUMMARY...... DEFINITELY NOT A HOSTAL... MORE LIKE A VERY LUXURIOUS GUESTHOUSE DECORATED SO TASTEFULLY WITH ANTIQUES. JUST WISH WE COULD HAVE HAD ACCESS IN OUR ROOM TO A CUP OF TEA OR HAD BREAKFAST INCLUDED...BUT THAT WOULD NOT STOP ME RETURNING... BE SURE TO PUT THIS PLACE NUMBER ONE ON YOUR LIST YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED......  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NBphilly
<Content>A Gem       With Our Hosts - Sergio and Abel  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FolkMusician
<Content>Wonderful euro-classic Hotel Experience!!! Our stay at the Hotel L鈥檃ntic was wonderful! It was our first time in Barcelona and thanks to the wonderful staff and beautiful rooms we felt welcomed and treasured. The rooms were comfortable and furnished with exquisite antiques which gave a cool euro-classic feel to our stay. My wife and I had several wonderful chats with Sergio, the owner, who explained his passion for antiques and collectibles and his vision of creating a classic hotel experience. We were impressed by how well he succeeded at this from the detailed high ceilings to the Italian tile work and porcelain light switches. The bathroom and DVD player although modern blends perfectly with the rest of the design. We slept well because the location is in a quiet, trendy area about 10-15 minutes walk from the major attractions such as the Gaudi Apartment House, Bocceria, and La Ramblas. ( It was only a 10 minute walk to the airport bus!) Our 4 days in Barcelona were filled with many magical moments and we count our experience at the Hotel L鈥橝ntic as one of them.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hogrim
<Content>Disappointed Based on favorable peer reviews at TripAdvisor, I called the Espai and booked a room for five nights at the end of the month. Very nice employee confirmed all details and assured me booking was secured.Next morning, a much less pleasant hotel representative called me to relay that the room had been double booked. I'm unsure of how this would have happened, as most hotels large and small now have computerized reservations, but I am willing to assume it was an honest mistake.But when the L'antic Espai eployee ventured to claim that a colleague of his had called me the night befor to inform me of the unfortunate situation, but that my phone had been turned off, I must admit to a certain irritation and some degree of suspicion. My phone log proves I was never unavailable between making the reservation and being turned down. Why the hotel would want to present med with this lie, I cannot tell.When the hotel neither offered apologies nor convincing explanaitions, I had to conclude that the service level several travelers have praised, does not yet apply to all employees.I was disappointed.Helge Ogrim, Oslo  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Alexcat
<Content>Charming place       Chandalier  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hey Ho!
<Content>You cannot beat the L'Antic Espai We have had an all too brief stay at L'Antic Espai and I can only echo the comments of the majority of the other reviewers. We knew what to expect, both from the reviews and from the Hostal's web site. ([--]) We stayed in room 102, which is on the front with its own enclosed balcony. The room was a good size with a relatively small but very well finished shower room. The shower cubicle is small! The chandelier in the bedroom was magnificent.There is obvious attention to detail everywhere. Abel was clearly pleased to show me photographs of the conversion from a wreck of an apartment, to what it is today. He explained it took them a year to complete the work and they opened in June 06. There has been very creative use of space, which perhaps explains why some of the rooms appear small to some reviewers. However, the refurbishment of the tiled floors, beautiful cornices and ceilings and use of only antique furniture throughout, meant our stay at this Hostal was unique in our experience. This is a cut above far more ordinary hotels at the very competitive rates charged. I agree with Abel when he said you can find rooms cheaper in Barcelona, if all you want to do is sleep, but you won't find an hotel of this quality at this price. Therefore, my recommendation is to stay for the experience. The situation is very good. The Gran Via de les Corts Catalanes is noisy. However, if you are staying on the front of the building, shut the window, turn on the air-con and you are in an oasis of calm and tranquillity. The service offered by Abel and his staff was polite, attentive but relaxed. Being so centrally located meant that we could get to everywhere we wanted to visit on foot.Tips .....Arriving at night, it was difficult to see how you get in. You have to press the intercom button on the bottom right of the keypad and wait for someone to answer. Once through the little door, find the light switch on the right and then up one flight of stairs - you will be welcomed at the door to the Hostal.There was a dvd player in the room - a selection of DvDs was available on request.Breakfast on the shared terrace was pleasant. For those British people who like their tea, ask for Liptons. The Americano coffee is very strong!You do have to hand your key in when you go out. However, our experience was that there was always someone there to let you back in.Ask Abel to recommend a Tapas bar. We did on the night we arrived and, within five minutes walk, we were queuing for a table (yes, we were warned). Cannot remember what it was called, but it is on the corner of Gran Via de les Corts Catalanes and Rambla de Catalunya. Busy, noisy, buzzing, theatrical and good food. The draught beer is definitely worth a try. Food was very good - we chose 'selection of tapas' and 'selection of salads' and we were not disappointed with the choice and quantity. If you ask for one dessert, the waiter will bring two spoons - so romantic!and finally, just relax.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nyc_kid
<Content>Special, charming, and welcoming So much nicer than a big, impersonal hotel. I loved this place. My room was tiny as was the bathroom, but the bed was very comfortable and everything was spotless. A picture-perfect terrace was just outside--like an extension of my room for eating, sitting with friends, or reading. Everyone was helpful, responsive, and friendly. Really lovely.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Svein
<Content>It is not a hotel I stayed in room 109, and I am rating this hostal lower than others, because of the room I had, it was so small, - the door to the wardrobe closet could only be opened in a 45 degrees angle, and the bathroom had been rebuild into this mall room, and left almost no space to move around in.There was a large window high up on the wall, with an opaque color, and when i opened it, i looked into some storage tank, and there were iron bars across across, and therefor i only kept the window opened at nigth, not during the day. I could not find any english program on the Tv, almost 30 spanish programs. The bed was fine and comfortable. The bathroom looked as if it had been refurbished recently. The gap between the toilet and the shower wall was very short. The shower cabinet was the smallest I have ever seen.The hostal is not far from the placa cataluna, and if you arrive at nigth, the lower button in the rigth hand coloumn, is the one to press to get into the hostal. It is on the first floor, and there is always someone there to open the door. There are only 4 of the 10 rooms that can use the terrace pictured on the hostals homepage.The charge + 2% if you use a creditcard to settle your bill.The hostal is full of collected items, making the general impression it a home of an old lady. Different, and friendly.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>InesLondon
<Content>Just make a wish: Abel, Sergio and Edoardo will make it become reality! If you ever go to Barcelona, this is the place where you want to stay: charming hospitality, warm, friendly, helpful, professional bold hosts, in an enchanted antic building, with tasteful decorated rooms.I can only agree with what everybody says: those guys let us all feel at home, and I鈥檓 really looking forward to spend some more days with my new friends in Barcelona.I almost forgot to mention the great value you get for the really moderate amount of money they ask for their immaculate service, and perfect location.Just go there, you'll love it!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Idler
<Content>Charming L'Antic Espai We stayed at L'Antic Espai from 1 Feb 2007 until 5 Feb 2007, for my wife's birthday. We checked it out on Tripadvisor, and booked through the Hostal website.It is a lovely place. We had room 107, which had a bedroom, shower room, little sitting area and access to the terrace. The terrace is furnished with wrought iron chairs and a Lloyd loom double chair. There are two patio heaters and lots of plants and candles. It is so romantic, and fine to sit out on in Winter.Sergio and Abel have obviously furnished the place with care and attention to detail. The furniture, and all ornaments evoke fin de siecle, 1890 to 1910 period Spain, and our bedroom suite had lovely marquetry in the headboard. The tiled floors are wonderful. There is so much attention to detail in this hotel (actually a hostal, though I don't know the difference). The two proprietors could not have been kinder. We were made to feel very welcome.The Hostal's situation was within 10 minutes of the top of the Ramblas, and the prices were keen. My only minor criticisms were the narrowness of the shower stall, and the Hostal is on the first floor, up some steps, so would not suit someone in a wheelchair. Apart from that, however, I would heartily recommend the place, and would go so far as to say that it is probably unbeatable in it's price range. Ian and Liz Rispin  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LozLondon
<Content>Coolest hotel in Barcelona       Birthday cake in the beautiful reception room!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>ValCart
<Content>Oasis at the Hostal L'Antic Espai Just come back from 4 days staying at LAntic Espai on our first trip to Barcelona and loved it. Abel and Sergio made us very welcome and have a beautiful hostel with loads of beautiful furnishings and its all been very carefully thought out. We stayed in Room 107 which lead out onto a terrace which would be lovely in the warmer weather to have breakfast or sit out at night.Abel took a lot of time to source vegetarian restaurants for our evening meal and also gave us lots of ideas of where best to eat. He also booked the flamenco dancing +meal at Poble Espanyol for us as a treat for my husbands 60th birthday and it was a great night out. Abel and Sergio even gave him a bottle of very nice red wine on his birthday!We had a delicious continental breakfast on one morning in their lounge area served on exquisite bone china.We both felt that they did all to make our trip work and the hostel is like a little oasis in the midst of all the hustle and bustle of a busy part of the city.Do stay here if you like to spend time in a place that is completly different from any other hotel!We will definetely go back and stay there again  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CarolineB1982
<Content>Parents loved the place!   showReview(6603915, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>WeekendTripperDublin
<Content>Oasis in Barcelona   showReview(6550638, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zapo4779
<Content>A wonderful stay with warm hosts   showReview(6448885, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cliffwy
<Content>Great Hostal, Great Location       View from Balcony  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jad101
<Content>Fantastic!!   showReview(6161995, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>violet125
<Content>New and very nicely decorated   showReview(6021617, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>louisa-hk
<Content>definitely worth staying       View from Balcony  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nic22
<Content>Loved It!   showReview(5589678, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>superwell
<Content>What a place!!!   showReview(5549949, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marianaMexicana
<Content>Una experiencia encantadora!   showReview(22681054, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Yowi
<Content>Un lugar incre铆ble con precio razonable...   showReview(20821584, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Janio04
<Content>Un lugar para repetir   showReview(17133257, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>makaria
<Content>Familiaridad en una atm贸sfera de ensue帽o   showReview(15296785, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>panellets
<Content>Mi rinconcito preferido!   showReview(11067033, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>leilaha70
<Content>Versaille 脿 Barcelone   showReview(10851037, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>afhamburg
<Content>Das L麓Antic Espai geh枚rt zur Spitzenklasse in Barcelona   showReview(10201420, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>patmatrix
<Content>Du bruit, du bruit et encore du bruit!   showReview(10090742, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>1	3	1	1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Accp
<Content>L' Antic Espai es un lugar 煤nico.   showReview(10044051, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>2025
<Content>Merveilleux hostal   showReview(7780953, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Yayo_de_Canarias
<Content>Un paradis铆aco hotelito   showReview(7595007, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bdamla
<Content>Caract猫re, Charme et Accueil   showReview(7487734, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ZoranDE
<Content>Sehr pers枚nlich und individuell   showReview(7229791, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>duduhabana
<Content>Etre chez-moi,que suerte!!!!   showReview(6787754, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ManoloHamburg
<Content>Barcelona ohne L'antic Espai-undenkbar   showReview(6777131, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>citofacta
<Content>Un sitio realmente especial   showReview(5807153, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

