<Author>BristolTris
<Content>Great hotel, great loaction Stayed for 4 nights between 14-18 December 2008. Had a corner room on the 13th floor and was pleased with the size of the room - good size double bed, sofa, table and chairs, microwave, etc and an adequate sized bathroom with a nice, powerful shower.Though it could be busy, the front desk were always polite and helpful and could not be faulted.Th breakfast was fairly pricey but was good enough to set you up for the day especially as we had an early start that day. Othewise there's plenty of places to eat in every direction within 5 mins walk.It was about a 30 min walk to the Opera House otherwise the Museum Line was 5 mins from the hotel which was 2 stops to Circular Quay - about 5 bucks for a day return.Our main reason for being in Sydney was to see the city and explore the area. The Travelodge gave us a great base to do this and at a great price. Definatley recommended as long as you accept it's a Travelodge and not the Hilton.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>TANYA66
<Content>Great Location The rooms were clean and large with a sofa bed and table and chairs. There was a small kitchette with microwave and fridge, tea and coffee making facilities. The corridors and elevators do give a slightly scruffy image which lets down first impressions. Internet is available in the lobby for a couple of dollars and when we arrived early for checkin the front desk keeps luggage in a secure room while you explore. The restaurant does breakfast only and there's no bar on site but easy walking distance to loads of restaurants, fast food joints and pubs. The supermarket opposite doesn't price things so we didn't shop there but we used the shop on Oxford street which was reasonably priced and had everything you could want with a liquor store 100 yds from there. The area close by is quite hilly and as my Dad uses a wheelchair that was sometimes hard work as the closest train station doesn't have elevators either. taxis are reasonably priced and there is a free bus around the city with other routes available for a couple of dollars.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Kristophoros
<Content>A Great Experience       View of the room  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>TravellingDuoPerth
<Content>not returning We stayed at the Travel Lodge for 4 days and really it was 4 days too long. We booked a double room with a queen bed and ended up with two single beds. The showers dribbled out water which was sort of warm but sought of cold as well and the staff were not friendly or helpful. We spent as little time as possible at the hotel. The rest of my family spend their 4 days at the Menzies Hotel, so we ended up spending a lot of time there and the change was unbelievable (for the same price). The staff were great, always helpful and cheerful, the rooms were so much nicer than the Travel Lodge and it just had a much nicer vibe going on. I will never stay at the drab and depressing Travel Lodge again  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	1	-1	1	

<Author>skydiverbrian
<Content>Good deal in Sydney       room 1718  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>smithersNz
<Content>Great location and good value for money Stayed at this hotel in Aug 08 with my teenage daughter. Good value for money and easy walking distance to everything we did. Great restaurants nearby. Loved the atmosphere of the Irish pub Murphys just down the road. Good food for a very cheap price and excellent service.The staff at this hotel were very helpful and only too happy to oblige with anything. Would definitely stay again  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>GetmebacktoOz
<Content>Supreme value for money We stayed here in November and booked five nights for a mere 拢50 per room per night. We were quite lucky in that we got a corner room which is slightly bigger than the rest on the 13th floor. The room was perfectly clean and had most ameninties you would expect and some you may not including a microwave! The staff are friendly and attentive and check in and out is straightforward. The bar or restaraunt was not open whilst we stayed, but if you are unable to find a favourable place to eat or drink in Sydney - something is wrong.Realistically it is a 30 minute walk to Circulay Quay, but this is Sydney - there is plenty going on to keep you occupied. Not sure why you need to catch or a bus or the light rail as Museum Station is just a few minutes walk away. A return loop on the City line (which will get you to Circulay Quay and back costs less than $4. The journey takes no more than 5 minutes and the stations and trains are clean and safe. Chinatown and Oxford Street are both within walking distance if you do'nt fancy the walk to the Rocks or Circular Quay and Darling Harbour will probably take you 15 minutes.In summary, you will not find a better value room in Sydney (believe me I tried) than at this Hotel. The snobs among you will want to stay in The Marriot or some other establishment you can name drop, but this is likely to increase your room rate to 拢150 per night.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kittyra1
<Content>Good clean hotel My husband and I stayed for 4 nights. It took about 15mins on foot to the hotel from Central station, we would probably take a cab next time. As we arrived quite early in the morning, we left our luggage in the secure luggage area behind the reception. At 3pm we went back to the hotel and checked in with ease. We were given a room on the 18th floor. Very quiet, except for hearing the occasional plumbing noise whenever the other rooms used their showers/ taps. The room was clean and the view was quite good from that height. Location wise, it was easy to catch buses from there into the city centre. Although it was a little bit of a walk to the nearest light rail station, as we had to take it to get to Starcity casino, where we watched Pricilla the queen of the dessert - the main reason for our trip.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>fozzyontour
<Content>Excellant value for money Stayed at the hotel for 5 nights, clean comfortable and excellent value for money especially in Sydney. Good location within walking distance of most things. Would certainly recommend.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>H-8
<Content>Good Location Great Location. Near to Oxford St., Bus and Subway (to airport), Chinatown. Walkable to Darling Harbor, business area. Quick bus to Harbor, Bondi Beach.Decent, simple rooms, a step or two above Travelodges in the US. Internet access is $6/ hour, but there are many internet places in the area ( I used the one in Oxford St. Mall, 63 Oxford). Nice views from upper floors. Bathroom is all-in-one, shower is not in separate fixture, which seems to be the way things are designed now. Good choice.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>stuart011
<Content>Good cheap hotel My partner and I stayed at the travelodge for two weeks and after reading the reviews I must say I was surprised at the standard of the hotel. On arrival and opening the door to the room I found that they had given us two single beds and this was for a two week stay. I went back down to the check in desk and the very helpfull staff agreed to swap us over the next day so that was OK by me. We ended up on the 15th Floor and found the hotel very clean and very quiet not the same as some other reviews it is in a good location and is about 10 to 15 minutes walk to Darling harbour.The transport system in Sydney is fantastic with the nearest train station apprx 5 min walk away (Museum stn). We purchased a one week travel card which cost us $43 each and this covered the buses, trains and ferry system. This ticket is a must for any traveller without a car.If I were to recommend a trip it would be without doubt the Port Stephens day trip operated by Grey Line tours, a fantastic day out with an very knowedgeable driver. A trip to miss out on would be the dolphin watching tour operated by Surfing Knagaroo bookable at tour operators on Darling Harbour. This trip was very poor with the so called guide who said about 20 words in the whole 12 hours we were out very dissapointing.Hope this review helps.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>Iamshirley
<Content>Sufficiently convenient and comfortable       Bedroom  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>TokyoBob1975
<Content>High rise version of an extended stay motel in US Stayed from 14-17 Oct during my second visit to Sydney. It reminds me of an extended stay motel in US except this is a high rise version. I was on the 10th floor with a view of an office building. It is a 5 minute walk from Museum station (Liverpool exit). Turn left when you exit the station. Around the corner there is a small IGA grocery store with the basics, Subway, Hungry Jack's (Burger King), and a few small coffee shops. I did not see any nicer sit down restaurants, and I noticed as many homeless panhandlers as there are in King's Cross.I tried to use my Wyndam rewards number which works with Travelodges in US, but this one would not accept it. They have an Australian program which does me no good as a tourist. There are pay Internet kiosks for a fee in the lobby. There is an Internet Everywhere ($AD 2 per hour) about a 5 minute walk away. Turn right when exiting Museum station (Liverpool exit).The room was very basic. They could do a better job of cleaning the floor and carpet. I noticed long hair on the floor, on the carpet, on the bed spread, and the smell of wet dog was strong on my first few hours in the room.The matress was pretty firm because there was no box spring. The pillow were pretty flat. There is a fridge, microwave, hot water pot, plates, bowls, and utensils in the room.I would only stay here again , but only by myself. Only stayed because of the cheap price, good location, and belief that I could collect Wydham points.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	3	-1	-1	

<Author>puntrd
<Content>Reasonable The location is excellent, only a five-minute walk from Central Station. The rooms are you typical 3-star stuff. If you don't need to spend much time in your room and use it as a place to sleep, you'll be fine. The bathrooms are need of a spruce up. They are old and weatherbeaten. I set the air-con on the lowest temp it could go as my room was hot and stuffy, but the air-con didn't work very well. Fortunately it wasn't a hot day in Sydney, so it wasn't too much of an inconvenience. The Tv has Foxtel channels, there's a small fridge and a microwave and overall, the hotel's prices are excellent and I'd stay here again no problem.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>LondonJanetC
<Content>Good location We had a room on the 17th floor and it was fine (apparently the rooms at the top of the hotel have been renovated). The room was small and not much space to put things, but it was good to have crockery, fridge, kettle, microwave etc. Very easy to get to. We got the train from the airport direct to Museum station and then it was only a 5 minute walk, even with luggage. Museum station is just 2 stops from Circular Quay for the harbour bridge and opera house. I felt the breakfast was a rip off at $17, especially as there was no fresh fruit, only tinned.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>CallumandLara
<Content>Great first stop. This was our first stopoff in Australia, and we were pleasantly suprised. We were paying $99AUD per night, which compared to many other Sydney hotels was really good. Although the hotel doesn't have a restaurant, it is literally in the city centre, within easy walking distance to anything in the town. The rooms were not huge, but big enough to fit a double bed and sofa, and kitchenette. The rooms were cleaned really well, and the staff were really helpful too, especially Lisa. If you didn't fancy walking too far, there is a tube station (Museum Station I think) within about 2 minutes of the hotel. The internet cafe was really useful, and would happily stay again.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Wanderfoolish
<Content>Beware: Summertime is teen tour group time If you're looking for a peaceful few nights in Sydney, look somewhere else. There are large (40) teenage tour groups always coming and going. You will wait for an elevator, you will wait for breakfast, you will be bombarded with constant rumblings from typical teenagers. If this doesn't bother you, you might like the place. It was clean, the shower was fine and its in an ok location.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ilive2roam
<Content>Good location We arrived at the Travelodge early after a long flight from Auckland for a overnight stop before heading out. Since we arrived early, we were able to check in early. Once we arrived up to our room, they gave us twin beds instead of a queen bed like we had booked. Since there were loads of people downstairs and they did let us check-in early, we confirmed that our reservation was in deed for a queen, but they did not have one available that time so we let it go. The hotel was fairly clean, but the shower had no bottom. It was only a tile floor with a drain. It is in pretty good location as it is within walking distance to Circular Quay, but it is a pretty good walk. There were a ton of younger people here, probably because a reasonable price, so I would rate it as one step above staying at a backpacker hotel. Would probably consider other options before staying here again.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	4	2	4	2	4	

<Author>rallyman1122
<Content>The best thing for this place is a wrecking ball Funnily enough felt just like a bad hotel experience in the U.K. Our room was not been cleaned correctly, nor was it vacuumed for the first 5 nights of our stay. The bed was simply pulled together, never properly made. We were having to make the bed when we come back to the room each evening. Behind the bathroom door, there was former occupants hair on the floor. We asked for a room with two beds for our daughters at time of booking but that was not provided. The room issue is not a major one and we could have had the girls room changed but that meant a different floor. We decided against that. I was happy about that decision as when we went to use the laundry facilities on another floor, the floor closest to us was filthy. The hallways carpets are stained and the walls dirty, very nasty!The laundry facilities are a joke as well. Besides being expensive at $4 for a wash and the same for a short dry cycle, we had to wash our clothes on one floor but use a dryer elsewhere because the dryer has gum all over the inside. Just one more example of the filth in this hotel.When the issues of lack of proper cleaning of the hotel are brought up with hotel staff, no one seemed to care about the issueI asked for the air conditioning to be looked at as the hallways and common areas are all MUCH cooler than our room. We came back to the hotel, turned on the A/C and were covered in dust blowing from the A/C vent. At least they looked at it, didn't fix it, but they looked at it.From the start we have had difficulty with Internet service. The hotel is happy to charge our account for Internet service, however they continually refer us to a third party vendor when the service does not work. Given the cost of the Internet service here, we could have stayed at a much nicer hotel that included free Internet in the room charges. As we had two laptops, we are paying an additional $40/day, $20 for each laptop. For all that extra cost, I could not upload pictures to an online photo sharing site due to the slow connection and data restrictions.I especially loved the fact that there are endless tour groups of young American teenagers roaming about the hotel. Loud and rude, this is really what I wanted for the start of my vacation in Australia.The location was nice, at the south end of Hyde Park and the breakfast buffet was decent. However, at $22 it was fairly expensive by even Sydney standards. To give the hotel credit, after contacting my travel agents local representative, the hotel offered to credit back all internet charges. Alas, not so easy as at check out we had to present the letter provided from the hotel manager stating this. The internet charges were still on the bill. That was a 15 minute delay on a day when we had to get to the airport for a early flight. Just another sign of poor service  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	-1	1	1	

<Author>McGalio
<Content>Good Deal This hotel is a great deal for Sydney. Its still walking distance to everything (although moreso for younger legs.) Its clean, modern and close to transit. Sydney can be very expensive. This hotel is a great choice at a cheaper price.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	3	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>travelagent9
<Content>Single Beds Are Terrible Stayed at this hotel for work training with another colleague. We were booked into a twin room with twin beds for 3 nights. The beds are tiny, reception say they are 2 feet 6 inches wide but this does not allow for the tapering at the side of the bed. On the second night I came back to the room to find the bed just pulled up. Sheets not tucked in (because they were too small) and the blanket still as I had left it that morning. I changed rooms that night to a queen room with sofa bed. Much better. Whatever you do don't book the rooms with 2 single beds if you are an adult!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	3	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>PeterJerrod
<Content>Pretty Decent Place We stayed at the Travelodge for three nights with a group of 42 high school students from the US....there were two other lodge groups here at the same time, so travelers should know that this hotel is often used for groups. The rooms are comfortable and the staff is accommodating. Very good buffet breakfast. We did like the location since it is near the city center, but if you are looking to find a hotel from which you can walk to the Harbour and Opera House, this is not the hotel for you. Internet access available for a fee, but there are only 3 terminals. Pretty modern but the only drawback are the very very slow elevators.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	4	2	

<Author>The_Ram_Returns
<Content>Great location...tired hotel If you are on a budget and you can't be bothered to walk for miles or get public transport then I doubt you can get much better value! I really can't fault the location. The hotel however wasn't as good. It looked really tired and in need of some serious upgrading. The rooms were adequate but hardly impressive. It's just a good, cheap(ish) hotel. But let's be honest, you're hardly going to Sydney to enjoy sitting around in a hotel!!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>gypsy1604
<Content>what a dump We stayed in this hotel i use the word hotel lightly .what a dump to arrive at midnight ,it was filthy ,but due to the late hour we stopped but never again would i stop at one of these places there ok if your a chav .dirty bed lined a truly awful room at the top ,no bar nothing we had to go out and find a shop to get somting to eat ,the bathroom was a disgrace .not to be recomended  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Aussiechaser
<Content>It was nice. I was just at the Travelodge a few days ago and it was very good. Average hotel, nothing magnificent, but definitely good for traveling. A small  complaint would be the keys for the rooms. Whenever they came into contact with metal, they would de-activate. So if you are intending on staying there and if you want to avoid unecessary trips to reception, keep the key seperate from metals or keys. Also, the breakfast wasn't exactly ideal, but the hashbrowns made up for that. Overall, a pretty decent place to stay while in Sydney!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	4	3	2	

<Author>JonathanOKC
<Content>Good Hotel; Fair Location       Hotel Room  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>KGB_4
<Content>A Week at the Travelodge I stayed at the Travelodge for 8 nights in early June and couldn't fault it! The room was lovely and very spacious (room no.1606), with a good view out over the roof tops. Location wise, it was a short walk to anywhere with a great pub with excellent Thai food directly across the road; Hyde park one block up, and all that Oxford St has to offer less than a minute's walk away. We also walked to Central station every day (less than 5 minutes and Museam station is closer if you prefer), found Coles supermarket a couple of blocks away for all our supplies, and Chinatown about 10 mins walk away. It is a bit of a walk down to Circular Quay, Opera house etc, but Darling Harbour is very close by.There were a lot of tour groups staying here, and at times they were very noisy and crowded the lobby area. But not enough to bother about. Having a microwave was fantastic to self-cater. Wish they supplied a toaster too! The room was cleaned and towels replaced every day. The Queen bed was very confortable (and I'm pretty fussy with beds and pillows). Not to mention the very friendly and helpful staff - they couldn't help enough.Sure, it's a 3.5 star hotel, and as such doesn't have those extras like mini bar, room service etc. But if you want those, you would pay double or more for a room, and they are not important to me.I will be staying there the next time I'm in Sydney for sure!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Claire9947
<Content>Good Location and Value for Money Was lucky to find this hotel, got a really good deal. It was just like the travelodges in the UK, basic, clean and you know what you are getting. About a 15 brisk walk to darling harbour.Would stay again  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>WelshWedge
<Content>Great hotel This hotel was great value for money. Much like UK Travelodges the hotels was no frills but clean and tidy with a good size room and bathroom. There was also a microwave, good size fridge and dishes that allowed for basic catering. Also there was a iron and ironing board, as well as all other comforts that you'd expect in a hotel room.The hotel was a 10 minute walk from Central station and a 25 minute walk to Circular Quay. All the main attractions were in easy walking distance. We would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>cartoonp
<Content>This hotel ok but This hotel in the Edge of C B D district of Sydney.Well placed .But the hotel has problems the room was ok had small fridge and micowave oven and one small Chest Of Drawers with 2 Drawers and one wardrobe ok for short stay but if staying over a week then not enough room. The carpet in the room was quite stained and never semed to be cleaned the room did have a maid that did ok (allways clean towls emptyed bins did the bed ect ) but did not seem to clean the carpet.All so the toilet roll holder was near enough off the wall no one seemed to care and left it as it was the shower was poor you had to put a towel on the floor as it was all on one level so the water world go every where without the towl . The lift you had to use your room key in to go up to your room this seemed to be a hit and miss thing did not matter how slow or fast you pasted the key sometimes it did no work and you spend 5 to 10 minutes trying to get it to work.The staff where ok but I think do need a bit of training.If you looking for top rate hotel with everything perfect look else where.But if you looking for A quite cheap hotel .Where you can sleep and spend more time doing othe things seeing the sites ect.Then this hotel passes the test Here A few tips that I hope will help if you decided to stay here Getting to Darling Harbour from hotel Walk along Wentworth Avenue to Elizabeth street then along Elizabeth street to Liverpool street .If you walk along liverpool street into the centre of Town then if you carry on along Liverpool street you will be in Darling Harbour.I know there are other ways to get to Darling Harbour this is just one from the hotel TIPWoolwoths is on Park street to get here Walk along Wentworth Avenue to Elizabeth street then along Elizabeth street Park st is the 3rd or 4fh street off Elizabeth street Hope these help some of you  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	2	2	3	3	

<Author>Sadm705
<Content>Excellent value Having read mixed reviews for this hotel, we were very pleasantly surprised by the superb location and comfort of the Travelodge. It is twenty minutes brisk walk from the Opera House, and you can walk via Hyde Park and the Botanical Gardens without hardly touching the city itself in one direction, and fifteen minutes to Darling Harbour in the other. Both destinations are beathtaking with plenty of things to do and see. We stayed a total of fifteen nights with an 'Autumn Special' rate of 99 dollars a night, and we would have stayed longer if it had been possible. The staff were always helpful, the rooms clean, very comfortable, well made-up each day, with good showers, coffee making facilities and microwave, ironing facilities and laundries on two or three of the eighteen floors. This is a popular hotel and hence there are often groups arriving or departing from the reception area. Broadband was expensive for one hour (10 Au dollars) but only 20 dollars for 24 hours over 90 days. This was far more than we needed but very handy to have if you take your own laptop. There are internet PCs available also - and the broadband only works on this ground floor level. There are no restaurant facilities except for breakfast, but there is a vast range of eating places close by, with Darling Harbour offering a range of places and prices and views that would be hard to beat, especially at night. There are also pubs close by that offer bar meals and bistro options. We would thoroughly recommend this hotel if you have a modest budget and its central position would be hard to beat.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Ozziegiraffe
<Content>Disappointing I stayed here two consecutive years for a conference - the organisers booked the room. The rooms are not nearly as nice as other places they have booked for me in the general area. They promised microwaveable meals (needed after a very long drive) but these were unavailable - they could only point me to the convenience store down the road.The parking was in another property, and required negotiating several flights of stairs.The place seems to be popular with overseas school groups - I was kept awake by banging fire escape doors, and several others besides me were forced to complain to the staff. If I was paying, I might find it was a good relatively budget and convenient option, but otherwise, no. I will never attempt to park a car there again, and did not the second time.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	3	2	3	

<Author>Nellie119
<Content>adequate but some irritations. It was cheap, clean and quite comfortable and that should have been adequate, except for a few issues.There were 6 of us in 3 rooms, each one of us with a card key.Over 2 days, we had to traipse back to Reception on average twice each to have the card rekeyed as it would no longer open our doors. It became frustrating.4 of us had arrived at 10am, too early for 2pm checkin, but were pleased to store our bags and explore. At 12:30, the last couple arrived at the hotel and were able to check in immediately. Good for them.Us 4 traipsed back to the hotel at about 1:30, still early, yet one couple were accommodated immediately. Husband and I were asked to wait 10 mins. No problem. We sat and waited 50 mins until it became evident they had completely forgotten about us. It happens everywhere, but it's annoying when the 6 of us were itching to get out and about again.The service was not offensive, but not friendly either.It's a very busy hotel on the edge of the CBD, in a not particularly attractive area. However, taxis seem to drop off guests at about 5 min intervals so it's easy to catch one. Museum Train Station is just around the corner, the monorail is a short walk away. We had an easy walk down the hill to Chinatown and Darling Harbour... coming home uphill needs more exertion.There is no lounge area for a quiet drink. You must go out for lunch and dinner, or order in from a number of local eateries. Breakfast is particularly ordinary, but totally adequate (muesli, yoghurt, corn flakes, toast, baked beans, scrambled eggs, bacon and sausages). The hotel seems to have a large patronage of Asians, so one would have thought a noodle dish at least would have been offered. As a previous reviewer said, there is a great little spot for breakfast around the corner called Two Good Eggs.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	3	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>Kaz&Marty
<Content>Good value Good value hotel although the breakfast was expensive for what it was. We found a lovely cafe, Two Good Eggs, just a short walk from the hotel which served great breakfasts from 7am and was much better value.Hotel was about a 10 minute walk from Central Station and about 15 minutes from Darling Harbour.Beds comfortable, facilities OK and internet costs good value.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	2	3	4	

<Author>SFiti
<Content>Great service, great location, great hotel. I stayed at the Travelodge Sydney for six days from 8 May 2008. I booked via Wotif website and confirmed my booking by calling the Travelodge helpdesk and advised them of my preference for a Queen room. It was my first vist to Sydney and my flight arrived early morning and as check in isn't till 2pm the front desk happily kept my luggage in their luggage room. I wandered the city for most of the day until check in and ended up soaking up the sun in Hyde park which is literally a five minute walk from the front door. Unfortunately when I eventually checked in there were no Queen rooms available and when I informed the front desk that I had already advised them of my preference for a Queen room they aplogised and assured me of a Queen room for the remainder of my stay. I was upgraded to a King room the next day. I have stayed at Travelodges in the U.K. and this was by far the best experience I have had. All the people on the front desk were extremely helpful and always cheery, especially the young women. My room was on the 17th floor and had great morning sun and virtually no street noise. It was modern, clean and exactly what I expected and more. After a long day touring around Sydney it was always a great place to return to. I can thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a great base to explore the city and its environs. I will definitely return to the Travelodge Sydney in the future.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>steelpulse
<Content>not that good. fairly well equipt clean room,but beds were on huge wheels and if you moved too quickly they skated across the room,we were on the 7th floor at the front overlooking the road junction,lovely view in to a block of flats to one side of us. !!..we were only here for 2 nights so it was ample for our needs which was basically a bed and shower really,3 of us shared a room so it was cheaper.there is a lovely hotel/pub about 500 yards away that did lovely food and they were really friendly,there is a shop just across the junction but they have no prices on the produts or shelves so beware they could charge over the top if they dislike you.we walked from our hotel to the harbour bridge and opera house a distance of about 2.5 kms one way! ( we would have gone by bus if we had realised but there was lots to look at in the CBD(central business district)so it was a gentle stroll.it was a good stoll in the rain too.we probably would'nt stay here again,but it was ok at the time.we were on a stop over from nz to the uk,they have a shuttle bus to take you to the airport and it goes through chinatown which was amazing.if you like ice in your drinks ask for a room on the 9th floor cos there is an ice machine there,you can buy most things in the hotel from various vending machines but beware they don't give change,the reception desk has very helpful staff and they can direct you and give you a map to wherever you want to go.there is a lift to all floors,although one night we ran down the fire escape stairs cos the lifts were very busy,(you can use these stairs if you don't like lifts)none of the windows open in the rooms so they all have air-conditioning,which is fairly quiet,room has a tv and direct dial phone,overall not too bad,bus stops to more or less anywhere in sydney are about 200 metres from front of hotel.bondi is about a 25 minute bus journey which was well worth the effort.in fact bondi made the whole trip worthwhile!!  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	4	4	4	

<Author>sng8888
<Content>Clean and reliable Good cheap accommodations in Sydney for about AUD100. Parking in parking lot nearby for cheap (for such a big city). Simple but clean, functional rooms. Area is a little quiet at night but close walk to downtown (a few blocks) and busy Oxford street.  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Jay33
<Content>Wentworth avenue - ok functional We stayed at the Travelodge in Sydney as the last point on our tour of Oz. It was ok, the beds were comfortable and seemed clean, the bathroom worked and was large enough. The room itself was the smallest on our tour but we did have a nice view of the city from our 16th floor window.Reception was ok, nothing special and when we asked for some information on where the restuarants were she sent us down Oxford Street. Which was mainly gay bars, not sure why she sent us down there. It was an ok hotel nothing special but equally nothing wrong.It was really close to Hyde Park and about half an hour walk to the Opera House or 15 minutes to the harbour resturants, so location was pretty central. Once we got our bearings we found getting around really easy.Sydney is a lovely place, warm and friendly with lots to do. Must do the Gardens, Opera House, Aquirium and if you like a drink try the Hunter Valley wine tours. The tour operators are on Pier 26 at the Harbour and easy to do business with, if you are going later in the year or Spring then leave it until the day before and you can get a deal rather than pay full price.We couldn't get to see anything in the opera house but if you go to Star city they have two theaters and generally tickets available. We didn't do the harbour bridge walk as it was 3.5 hours and 拢90 each but looked interesting, we went up the sky tower instead which is higher than the bridge and gives wonderfull 360 degree views over the city.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>OrangeBlueCrew
<Content>Good Place for the Money We stayed at the Travelodge Sydney on Wentworth Ave for 2 nights. The room was smaller than average for a room in the USA, but it was nice. The view from our room on the 13th floor was another building across the street, but to the sides you could see more of the city. The staff was very good about setting us up early in a room because we arrived from our 14 hr flight at 10am. The location was the best feature as it was within walking distance to a nice cafe, the ANZAC memorial park (Hyde Park) and the train station. A good place for people looking to save a buck and dont mind the size of the rooms.My wife, who is deaf, was not pleased that the television did not have the closed caption/teletext options. In USA just about all hotels/motels televisions have closed caption/teletext options. She wanted to be able to watch the Australian news on TV but couldn't.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>ChrissoDeLaZouch
<Content>Great, very affordable hotel. If only all Travelodges were like this... I got a very good deal online from the Travelodge website, and was expecting this hotel to be a pretty basic Travelodge, along the lines we get in the UK. I was very pleasantly surprised to find that it exceeded all my expectations.Location is excellent - it's right in the CBD, just two minutes walk to Museum train/subway station and Hyde Park; five minutes walk to Central train station; or about 30 minutes walk all the way down to Circular Quay and the harbour area. There are a number of 24-hour convenience stores within a few metres of the hotel.Room was clean and modern, with good twin beds, a table and chairs, a TV with a good selection of satellite channels, air-conditioning, a microwave, a selection of local takeaway menus who would deliver to your room, and a well furnished bathroom.Hotel also provided a bar; restaurant; several guest laundries with coin operated washers, driers and laundry powder dispensers; and four coin-operated internet computers in the lobby. There are elevators to all floors.Only down sides were that the room was initially made up as a double when we'd requested a twin (this was quickly remedied); and the key-swipes in the lift seem a little unreliable (my key needed to be 're-programmed' twice).Would definitely recommend this place though - the location is just perfect for exploring the city on foot.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>ozzietripper
<Content>Great value for money We enjoyed our 5 night stay at the Travelodge.. The room was clean and regularly serviced. The staff were friendly and helpful.The only fault that I found was the single bed that I slept in was on wheels and it occasionally banged against the wall during the night.The location is very good and central to Sydney and the buffet breakfast was very tasty but a little overpriced at $17.We will stay here again..  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>zoomer-7
<Content>An affordable oasis Sydney has a large variety of middle range accommodation but this newly renovated Travelodge is one of the best kept secrets in the CBD!In the past, Travelodge had an image of my mind of 鈥?0鈥檚 chic with brown carpets, old bed covers and bathrooms standards similar to the YMCA accommodation block.Not anymore!Travelodge Sydney is affordable (read CHEAP) accommodation in the centre of Sydney and has a trendy boutique hotel feel to it. The staff are young and helpful (some with training wheels still on) but in saying that, there is a vibe of service pride here. I was impressed.The room was a standard run of the mill size but it had a modern feel about it. The bathroom was well appointed for a budget hotel and the cleanliness was excellent.Use the convenience store next door to stock up on goodies (it鈥檚 a 24 hour store) 鈥?we didn鈥檛 eat at the restaurant on the premises.This is now my preferred budget business hotel in Sydney.Pros: Location, Price, Cleanliness, Staff 鈥済iving it a go鈥?br/>Cons: Internet price / system is unwieldy, no on-site parking  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Ronandshe
<Content>Great location Just had a week in Sydney and I must say the hotel surpassed all of our expectations. It is just round the corner from the station and also from the Park.The room was very clean and there is nothing to criticise, a bit basic maybe but a bargain.We had breakfast every day and it was ok. I paid for the breakfast when checking in and it was $5 a day cheaper than ordering on a daily basis.I would recommend this hotel to any visitors.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>stevehw
<Content>Great location, good cheap hotel Just returned from a 5 night stay in the wentworth travelodge. The location is very central and makes a good base to see the city of Sidney. Booking on line allowed us an offer price for a 5 night stay so worth playing around on their website. The hotel is relatively new but in a little run down area as the taxis trip in was interesting. From thehotel, underground stations are near by or a 30 or so minute walk gets you to the habour area. The room had good sized walk in bathroom. Small kitchen area (fridge/microwave/sink) and 3 place settings were available. A nice touch was the guide to local take aways for ordering in. In our room two single beds, a sofa bed and a table finished the room off. The room was also air conditioned. An ashtray was also provided and the room smelt heavily of smoke - no one asked at checkin about smoking preference. A quick airfresnher from the local supermarket resolved this - not a major deal but worthnoting. Self service buffet breakfast was available alhtough not on our room rate so an extra cost there - but worthit. Vending machines available on some floors and the laundry (washing machine/ dryer) was a god sendfor refreshing clothes. A good solid cheap end hotel with reaosable facilities. The location is good as a base to travel around.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>hausl
<Content>Great Value Great price for the location and room accommodations. Walking distance to Chinatown and harbour area.The room was clean, comfortable and air conditioned. Shuttle service to airport was available. Highly recommended !  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lori876
<Content>help for the weary traveler I stayed here before i set out on a Contiki tour and I also stayed here before catching a flight home. When I checked in the first time, it seemed a standard hotel. However, when I checked in the second time, that's when it was a great experience. I was deathly ill when I checked in the second time. I had been to the hospital in the outback and they gave me antibiotics. Well, I had a very bad reaction on the plane to sydney. I got to the hotel and the desk clerk knew I was sick and made sure I got to the hospital and made sure I got to the nearest pharmacy to fill my prescription before closing time. When I came back from the hospital later in the day, the staff had already taken care of my luggage that I had basically left in the lobby and had plenty of water and the like there. The beds are incredibly comfortable. However, if you are looking for incredible staff and clean rooms, look no further.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mtviewdave
<Content>Great Location for the Money I stayed at the Travelodge Sydney from 27 Feb - 5 Mar, 2008. The room was basic, but adequate: I was in Sydney to see the city, not sit in my hotel room. Among other things, I was in Sydney for Mardi Gras, and as the hotel is just one block from Oxford St. (in addition to being one block from a subway station), I consider the location to be excellent.The wireless internet access in the lobby was slow but cheap: A$20 for my entire stay.My view was of the office building next door, but that's fine. If I wanted a view I'd stay at the Marriott down the street (and pay twice as much). There was one issue though: bathroom supplies. The only towels supplied were two bath towels. No hand towels or washcloths. And there was only one (small) soap provided, for both the shower and sink. I resorted to taking soaps out of the housekeeping cart, which led the housekeeping staff to stop giving me soaps when they made up the room (and to sometimes take used soaps, I guess if they judged them used enough!). I'd probably stay there again. But I'd bring my own soap. And maybe a couple of washcloths.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	2	4	

<Author>DanLondon
<Content>Great value for the price I was a bit worried when I booked - I needed somewhere to stay for a week and thought Id made a mistake staying in a Travelodge. However, from the moment I arrived I was impressed. I asked to stay on the top floor as the reviews on here said it was noisy lower down. So I was put on the 18th floor. The room was small, but spotlessly clean, modern and quite well designed. The bathroom was very clean and quite cleverly arranged. One review said water went everywhere, but we didnt have this problem. The kitchenette was useful - but you really cant cook anything substantial here - it is tiny. The lifts were quick, staff really helpful, the room didnt seem to be cleaned every day but we didnt mind too much. The location is great. 5 min walk to Hyde Park and near some good restaurants. nly slight bit of ad vice - we were put in room next to the lifts and the doors arent very soundproofed. We were awoken a few times by people coming out of the lifts. Id ask to be placed along the corridoors. Minor problem though. Would definately stay here again if I got a good deal. We paid 99 AUD a night!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tfcfan
<Content>Good value for money I was very satisfied with my five night stay here. The room was equipped with a small kitchen area and basic utensils. The TV had Fox, including all three sports channels. The reception staff were welcoming, efficient and helpful. The discount price offered for a stay of five nights or more made it especially good value for money. The hotel is a short walk from Central station, but if you're coming in by train from the airport, get off at Museum station, which is even closer.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>VincentWindle
<Content>hairs in the bathroom! We stayed here for nights in early Feb after getting a special deal of $99 per night for staying 5 nights.The hotel room was a decent size with a well-maintained kitchenette, however the quality of cleaning left much to be desired. There were hairs all over the bathroom floor when we arrived. After three days of waiting, we had to ask for them to be cleaned.Don't expect the check-in staff to be too helpful either, they put us in a twin, considering we also had a cot to fit in, it was a tight squeeze.Overall good price, poor service.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	1	1	1	2	

<Author>Lee008
<Content>Good hotel for the price paid My husband and I stayed at the Travelodge for a weekend getaway. We were on a budget so at AUD $135 a night it suited us perfectly. Its location is great and its an easy walk (i.e. no hills)to darling harbour, city centre and circular quay. We requested a double bed but were given two singles which we were a bit disappointed by but couldn鈥檛 change. If i was expected something really nice I would have been disappointed but i had realistic expectations and the Travelodge met those. Overall, a good budget hotel in an expensive city.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>jacki_1981
<Content>Great hotel, great location I have just come back from staying for 5 nights at the Travelodge Sydney and I would definately stay there again. The staff were friendly and efficient, the room was clean and very quiet and the location is perfect, close to everything. Also the rates are cheap for Sydney accommodation. I will stay again next time I visit Sydney.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>readymade
<Content>A fantastic budget option! OK, I'm getting tired of the finicky reviews for this place. This is a tourist class hotel, and a good one. It's not a Marriott. Don't expect posh rooms and fawning staff. You won't get it. You WILL get nice, clean, comfortable modern accommodations in a fantastic location. I arrived at about 11 AM, well before checkin. The desk was extremely busy, as it was almost continuously during my stay. There were people checking out as well as in. I knew checkin wasn't until 2:00, so I waited in line, gave them my info, and they gave me tags to leave my bags, which I lugged into the very crammed luggage storage area beside the desk. I asked the clerk when I could check back, and she suggested about 1. So I wandered around and had lunch, came back a little before 1 and they had a nice room ready for me on the 18th floor (the very top) on the end of the hall. One queen or full bed, very modern furnishings including a small table with chairs, and a clean functional bath with a shower. Nice blue shampoo. There was also a fridge and microwave, really useful for buying cheaper soft drinks at the grocery store to keep in your room. I really liked the room's simple, modern design. My room was also very quiet, being so high and on the end, and I never heard any neighbors. You have to use your key in the elevators to access the floors. I found NO attitude from the staff. Everyone was professional and efficient. They made shuttle reservations for me, gave me maps, whatever I asked. One time my key stopped working in the elevators and they gave me a replacement without problem and seemed appropriately concerned. The internet access in the lobby is expensive, AUS$6/hour. You can get it cheaper at the internet cafe a block or two north, just to the west of Hyde Park. There's also a video store between the hotel and Oxford St. that has it. The location is fantastic. After being in Sydney for five days, I was so glad I chose to be here rather than in the CBD where most of the hotels seem to be. There were tons of hotels and fast food on Oxford St. and other places nearby. There's a subway station in Hyde Park, and lots of buses on Oxford and the streets by the Park. I took the train from the subway stop to Bondi Junction, then switched to a bus to go to Bondi Beach. It only took about 30 minutes. I suspect that those who don't like this place expected a different kind of hotel. Most overseas flights arrive Sydney in the morning, and so everyone has to wait for their rooms, as this hotel stays very busy (they were sold out my entire stay). There are a lot of young people and students here, so the whole place has an informal air. I can't explain the thefts someone else reported. If you're worried, they probably have safe deposit boxes. (There are no safes in the room, although the websites say they have this amenity.) I just hid my stuff in secret pockets in my luggage, as I always do.I highly recommend this property.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Mmmarie
<Content>Why?       Is this har to clean??  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	2	

<Author>Isle 'n Sun
<Content>Adequate for price First: Selecting which Travelodge to write about not perfectly clear using TripAdisor website. So, this review is for the Travelodge at 27 33 Wentworth Ave, Sydney. There is a Travelodge located in the central/business district of Sydney and it looks better than on on Wentworth.Second: For the price paid it was a weak ok. Having spent nearly 6 weeks traveling New Zealand and some Australia this particular lodging was the lowest in value for price paid. I would stay there again, but only after checking out more options. Not to say the place is bad.I did 'farm-stays', 'youth hostels', and '5 star hotels' on this trip. All had charm, character, and/or something unique to offer. This hotel was just that, a plain hotel. When I was there the place had loads of tourist buses/and tourists. Good location, so if you are out and about most of the day. This will work. Just know that you are not likely going to impress your evening guest, if you get lucky!About two blocks away in an 'alternative' district. Certainly worth a walk to see those who 'walk-on-the-wild-side.'  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>ichifeet
<Content>Good Location but staff were unfriendly and rude Stayed for 8 nights at the beginning of the month. Chose hotel for location and price. When I arrived (after an early morning flight), the staff member that checked me in didn't greet me, and appeared to be in a bad mood and proceeded to rable off their policies, procedures, etc with no eye contact, just a blank stare. Room wasn't ready and when I asked when one would be, she just shrugged her shoulders and said come back in a couple of hours to see if one would be ready. (OK I arrived in the morning and check -in was at 2pm, however she could have made more of an effort to see if there was any empty rooms). Coming back, my intended room wasn't ready and so I had to settle for one on a smoking floor (I'm a non smoker). Room was adequate and comfortable.Checking out, again I experienced the inhospitable attitude of the staff, my checkout was done as if it was an inconvenience to the staff member,Overall the hotel is OK, however having stayed at Travelodge Southbank in Melbourne, I experienced far better service there, then I did here. I wil not be using the hotel again when I travel to Sydney in the future  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	1	1	4	

<Author>RICHAUk
<Content>Stolen mobile phone. Many people will continue to stay at this hotel because of its convenient location and cheap price, however if you can possibly avoid it please pay a bit more and stay at a nicer hotel. As an experienced traveller i chose this hotel for its location and based on stays in TL in Melbourne. Upon arrival the reception staff were unable to find my booking (which i made on expedia) and told me that they had no rooms available even though I had confirmation from Expedia. They then managed to find the booking but however had only 1 room left which was a smoking room and with twin beds.. The room is dark and on the second day a mobile phone which was inside a suitcase but unfortunately unlocked went missing... All in all not the best of experiences and if you do choose to stay here then take your chances and make sure you take all your belongings with you.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ravensilvers
<Content>Clean Rooms and Decent Location, But Lousy Service Stayed there for three nights in December; the facilites are good but the service needs serious improvement which was quite sad because the service at the Travelodge in Melbourne was very good.The room was large and clean when we checked in, with more than enough space for three people. The toilet was a bit small but useable. However the positioning of a table and two chairs was awkward as it was difficult to extend the extra bed with them there.The showerhead was already wonked when we got there; it extended from the wall but the nut was loose, so it kept sliding back so that the water hit the wall instead of us. Reported this to the staff early the next day and it was fixed.Hot water was erratic but available on the first night. The flow, however, was not even and would sputter as we showered. The night next it was even worse; there was no hot water and you needed to be a rocket scientist to try to get it! It was only cold and colder water. Also there was a loud gurgling noise when the heater operated.We had one bed (for two) and another extra bed. Housekeeping did not make the extra bed despite being asked to. After leaving a smaller tip, they got the hint and made the bed. The restaurant in the hotel is merely a dining room that serves a buffet breakfast at AUD$16.50 per head daily.There seem to be two kinds of staff here: one group is helpful and nice, while another is not helpful at all and a bit rude. We got the first when we checked in, but on other days we were quite let down.When we inquired about a Sunday market that we had been told about the day before, we were told quite curtly by one of the staff that there was none to her knowledge. When we checked out, the lady misheard us twice and told us quite curtly that we had gotten our room number wrong (despite staying there for three nights) when she heard us wrongly. She was very curt like we were at fault for everything, and seemed to not care about her job, or customer service. We were quite glad to leave, frankly. We were very let down by the service in this Travelodge, despite the decent location and clean rooms. We will not be staying here again unless we really can't help it.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>2	4	3	3	3	2	1	3	

<Author>happyKazu
<Content>stolen handbag from room - Travelodge Hotel Sydney Wentworth Ave We stayed here for 3 nights and had our handbag stolen from inside the room. (Nov 24th) The swipe card wasn't working and it was changed at reception early that morning. handbag is stolen in the next 3-4 hours.(between 5am and 9am) After reporting the incident to the hotel they were not very helpful except to tell us to go to the local police station to report the incident. ( Surry Hills police station.) The hotel staff said the room must not have been locked properly but they couldn't demonstrate how the door could be left unlocked without someone holding it open or placing an object between the door and the door frame.(door is designed to close automatically due to its weight)They wouldnt even come up to the room with us to show us how this is possible.there was even implications from staff (not all) members that we might have misplaced the handbag.Some staff even implied that unless we can prove it was stolen then we could just be making it up.(BTW we had no travel insurance so we took the loss) i asked the duty manager if this sort of thing has happened before at this hotel.He replied he was not authorised to comment on that.(what does that mean???)We reported it to the poilce but they were no help. They just gave us a police report number and told us they were quite busy and couldn't come to the hotel. We hope it wasn't an inside job but we had no help from the hotel to explain how anyone can get access to inside a locked room.We were very disappointed with the unwillingness of staff to investigate the stolen handbag and explain to us how a handbag can be stolen from inside a locked room. the security at this hotel is very poor.there is no security cameras on the floors, card access to the elevator is possible to all floors and not restricted to just ones own room floor.there is one security camera at the front entrance and they were not going to review the footage anyway.it would be possible for anyone to walk in and ride the elevator to any floor they desire.but how anyone can get access to a locked room is what has me most worried.we advise people to be cautious when staying here and when things go bad you will not get too much help.only sharing these experiences will hopefully force hotels like this to upgrade security and also to not brush off incidences like this.i hope no one has to go through the nightmare we had to go through which included organising a new passport and cancelling credit cards.i know that these things do happen but the way the staff handled this situation and their attitude and unwillingness to help is what really left a bad impression and disappointed uswe can provide the room number where the thief stole the handbag from on request  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	2	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>RediKnight
<Content>Excellent value Really clean room. Very good location. Excellent value for money. I can't believe some folks have rated this place badly.I'm here with my girlfriend and we knew that this hotel offered good cheap accomodation which leaves you plenty of time and money to enjoy Sydney.Staff friendly just don't expect the Ritz.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Cyradiz
<Content>Worst hotel I have EVER STAYED in in the entire world I booked this hotel through lastminute.com.au and it was a mystery hotel.As I have previously booked using lastminute and had a pleasant experience, i was expecting to find similar quality hotels or at least a reasonable room with a reasonable shower facility. We had no HOT water (and it was cold then in Australia) and the room can't be locked from the adjoining room next door. YET, we were not able to change to another room. It was worse than the backpackers I had stayed in in remote China. The service was rude and extreme patronising especially from the duty manager.We had to wait for more than 2 hours for the hot water to come through before we could take a shower at around 2 am after we came back from visiting some mates, and was told by the duty manager very rudely the next morning that it was normal. He was extremely rude and did not trust our words nor the report of his own staff the night who filed a report. I find his manner extremely condescending towards Asians and he treated my partner better after realising he was white. I didn't expect to find racism in a hotel that services overseas clients and it was shocking the way I was treated. I will not be recommending anyone to stay there ever.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>ritzta
<Content>Very good value, stay here I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in Sydney in November. It's very close to the Central Train Station, which was nice because you can just walk up the street. The hotel is at the base of Hyde Park, and very central to anything you want to do in Sydney. The hotel was modern and seemed business-oriented. It had a nice restaurant, and internet kiosks, which was very convenient. The staff was fast and friendly. They also happily stored my luggage. The room was clean, tidy and of a generous size. There was also a kitchenette, powerful show and cable television.I really thought for $85 USD / night, this was an excellent value. I would absolutely stay here again. Me: Single traveler, mid 20s traveling for leisure.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	5	

<Author>sneezydownunder
<Content>Great central place to stay Booked directly through the hotel web site, 5 nights for aud$495 for twin share. 24hr reception, which was good for our late evening arrival, prompt and quick checkin with friendly service. Our room was clean and tidy. Have stayed twice before in Sydney, and pricing for rooms can be an expense, especially anywhere near the CBD area.Purpose of stay was purely for shopping, so wanted to be within walking distance to shopping district. This was ideal location, under 10min walk to all areas, including Paddy's market (with 2 levels of factory shops above it), chinatown district and the most beautiful Darling harbour area. Had a function at the Hilton, which we walked to in about 15mins. The room contained coffee/tea facilities, and small fridge, together with a microwave. This was perfect for what we needed to use. There is an onsite breakfast/lunch, and arrangements with Vibes restuarant to be charged back to your room, although we didn't venture there. The Central Railway station was so close, which we used to get around. We walked to Darling harbour and caught the ferry from there, to do the Sydney Harbour sightseeing stuff. We got an all day ferry pass for $11, so were able to go over to Luna Park, The rocks area and circular quay - just magic.Wentworth road was busy, and our room overlooked it, on the fifth floor, there was some traffic noise, but nothing of concern to us, or that kept us up at night. I think there was a large holding room for luggage behind check in if required. There was internet access (4) at the end part of the lobby, $2 for 20mins.We were two females travelling alone, and felt safe at all times. The taxis dropped us at the front door, and with the 24 hour reception I found reassuring. The room key access to the lifts also was reassuring. The lobby had a full range of information booklets with all sorts of tours, and the front desk staff were always helpful when I asked some of my million questions. The train trip out to Parramatta shopping centre was brilliant, and a full day was enjoyed there.Planning to go again next year, and will stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>goldcoastandrew
<Content>Clean and Central Clean and fresh hotel located in a good position in central sydney. Easy access to CBD and main shopping areas aswell as Hyde park. Rooms are fresh and staff helpful. Good run of the mill hotels.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Pluttan
<Content>New renovated cheap hotel in Sydney We stayed here for 5 days in october 2007. It was a perfect choise. The rooms where beautiful new renovated and fresh and the staff was very servicemined and nice. The hotel is close to all shopping, restaurants and to the train station. The hotel was very fresh and felt very new. This hotel is perfect for every trourist!!!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Dawn_MK
<Content>Fantastic Location Booked this hotel through Quantas holidays and it was fantastic, the rooms were clean and spacious and the staff friendly and polite. The hotel itself is on a main road but the rear view rooms faced a quieter street. The hotel is literally less than 5 minutes walk from circular quays which is where you have access to all the ferries that take you round the harbour. It is near to hundreds of shops and restaurants and the nearest tube station is over the road, really was a great base to explore the city.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>happydaysManchester
<Content>Its cheap for a reason! Please only stay here if you want a very basic hotel thats quite close to all the sights, shopping etc. Be aware that your bed will be on wheels?!, the rooms are very basic ie the shower is a hole in the floor with a shower curtain so EVERYTHING gets wet. The restaurant has dirty crockery and the window ledges need cleaning. I think they also need to spend some money on soundproofing, you can hear doors slamming all hours of the day and night.On the plus side the staff are pleasant enough and are happy to book trips etc for you. We also got a good deal by booking online direct with them but I wouldnt want to pay full price.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>dantaylor123
<Content>A cheap, comfortable base to explose Sydney from We stayed at the Travelodge Wentworth Avenue for 6 nights in July 鈥?7 as part of our round-the-world trip. After reading some of the reviews on here before we travelled, I was a little apprehensive as to what to expect when we arrived in Sydney. However, we were pleasantly surprised with the hotel. The hotel and rooms are fairly modern, although the rooms are fairly small. Check-in was fairly quick and we was allocated a room as per our requests (double bed, non-smoking, high floor). The hotel does seem to attract a variety of guests, from young travellers (like ourselves), to elderly couples and large school groups. The hotel is equipped with launderettes on about 5 floors (very handy when your away from home for a long period like us), and internet access located near reception.The hotel is very close to China Town, and Darling Harbour is less then a 15 minute walk away. You can also access other parts of Sydney by simply walking to Museum station (5 minute walk), where you can catch trains to Circular Quay (for the Opera House and Harbour Bridge), as well as Bondi and the Olympic Village. All-in-all, based on value for money we felt this hotel was good and fitted our needs very well It鈥檚 not in the most prettiest of areas, but it鈥檚 a good, cheap, comfortable base to explore Sydney.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SF_Thommo
<Content>Quiet, Clean, Large, Comfortable, Great Location, Good Price I stay in Sydney quite often for work and this is the best place I have found. The rates for more than five days are realy reasonable and the rooms are quite good. I think the kitchenette is a great bonus for a longer stay. The pictures on the website are quite accurate.I have no problem recomending this to anyone looking for a great location to stay in Sydney. It is only a short walk to central station and there are lots of restaurants, pubs and shopping within easy walking distance.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Andraz
<Content>Nice and convenient place in downtown I stayed at the Travelodge Wentworth Ave for a week in July during my business visit to Sydney. My choice of Travelodge was more a constrain than a deliberation, as I decided to attend a conference in the last minute and this hotel was they only available place with free single rooms within a range of accommodation options identified by local organizators. Nevertheless, the hotel is nice, and overall I was happy with my accommodation. Although I visited Sydney in low season, I would agree with earlier reviews that the hotel is a good value for money.Moreover, I should mention the kindness of the reservations coordinator, who promptly replied to all emails, while I was organizing my trip to Australia. As I had some problems with the confirmation of the flight booking, I changed my arrival and departure dates twice. However, he didn't make any complaints and changed the reservation dates as I requested.Maybe this is the reason why, I was to some extent disappointed with the general attitude of the reception staff when I actually got to Travelodge. Although, the check-in procedure was straightforward, they were not very friendly and helpful. After a 30 hours journey from Europe I expected at least a little smile on receptionist's face or maybe a hint for a restaurant with decent food.However, all these little deficiencies were soon forgotten, when they emailed (in less than 3 hours) me a copy of the invoice that I lost on my way home. They did a fantastic job and without their help I would certainly missed the deadline for submitting my reimbursement application.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hal9341
<Content>Good no frills base       Pretty spacious room  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>fluminese
<Content>give it a miss I would avoid this hotel!When we arrived after 32 hours of travelling we were informed that our room would be ready at 2pm ready for check in. That was 7 hours after when we arrived. I accept that we were at fault for not booking the room from the night before, but the lack of help from the receptionist was staggering. He had to be prompted to let us leave our luggage in a safe room. He was completely unhelpful when asked if there was anyway we could check in earlier. He also refused to give me any documentation to prove that we were at the hotel at 6:30am so that I could complain to our travel agent. We were basically told come back in 7 hours. We didn鈥檛 even get a map. Even though there being a pad full of maps behind the desk.When finally checking in we were given no information regarding breakfast times or the fact that your key would only work when swiped in the lift. On our return after our first night our room key didn鈥檛 work. Whilst travelling in the lift there were two prostitutes (sorry escort girls) with security passes issued. There appeared to be a high demand for these 鈥榚scort girls鈥?with several brochures advertising the different agencies. The hotel was only about two minutes away from the sex district so I suppose that it was logical that this hotel was used. The double glazing in the room was none existent which for a city is unforgivable and given the fact that the bottle banks were emptied every morning at 5am this provided an unwelcome wake up call. The reception was very punctual also ringing our room at 6am with a wake up call even though we didn鈥檛 request one.All in all downstairs was clean and the breakfast was above average, but the staff were poor. The room was reasonable, but I agree with previous comments in that the carpet was stained. I personally would not stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>kjnielsen206
<Content>Great location, great pricing My luck has been improving when it comes to hotel selection. For a long time, I chose price over amenities and usually struck out. The last several years I have found price and amenities and this was one of the them. This hotel was easy to reach from the airport, close to the Museum City Rail station, near Oxford Street and near the Sydney's Central train station. The staff was able to accommodate us with an early check in. The room was average sized, TV selection was poor, the breakfast was awful and the view so so. However we did NOT come to Sydney for the hotel, we came for the sites. This hotel served us well and if we ever get the chance to return to Australia we'd consider this Travelodge.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>samiez
<Content>Great value We are a family of 5 and booked 2 rooms that interconnected which was great, we only were in Sydney for 4 days so just wanted somewhere cheap to stay that was clean and comfortable. Front desk staff where friendly and willing to help with any requests. The rooms are small but are your typical hotel style room, decor was modern and the rooms where clean and fresh. This hotel is not right in the hart of the shops but its not far to walk to the shops and there is a mono rail that circles the city, and Darling Harbour.There is a restaurant on site however they only serve breakfast which is hot and cold buffett and worth the price. There are about 4 internet desks and cost around $2 for 15 mins if i remember right.Would stay here again for short term stay, would not recommend for more than 4 nights max.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>yaddayadda77
<Content>Avoid       9  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>Piglet-Leeds
<Content>Great Value City Centre Accommodation We chose the Travelodge because it offers good value accommodation in an excellent location. Situated 2 minutes from Museum station by foot and a 15 AUS $ shuttle bus ride from the airport, the hotel has excellent transport links. All major local tour operators offer pick ups from the hotel for a wide range of day trips, and the hotel offers a good information service with plenty of leaflets, brochures and maps available. The hotel is a ten minute walk from Darling Harbour which houses a number of tourist attractions including Sydney Aquarium and the Imax Cinema as well as a wide range of shops and restaurants to suit every budget and taste. There are plenty of dining options even closer to the hotel in China Town and on Oxford Street, which is, as suggested by the array of rainbow flags, one of the main gay social districts of the city and also home to a range of cosmopolitan restaurants. The Rocks, Opera House and Harbour Bridge are all within 20-30mins leisurely walking distance or can be reached by public transport.In keeping with most Travelodge properties the hotel has relatively basic facilities with no restaurant or bar, although breakfast is available. There are plenty of food and drink vending machines and coin operated laundry facilities, and microwaves and basic crockery provided in bedrooms. We found that our room smelt a bit, probably due to the previous occupants having used the microwave, but it was clean and comfortable in spite of relatively basic furnishings. Being high up in the hotel our window did not open, but the room had adjustable air conditioning which made for a comfortable night鈥檚 sleep. The hotel was always busy and seemed to be popular with organised coach tours which meant the reception area could get very crowded, but the staff seemed to be very polite and quick to help.There are no leisure facilities on site but being right in the heart of Sydney you do not have to venture far to find a wealth of different activities. If you are looking for a luxury hotel experience then this is not the hotel for you, but if you simply want a comfortable base from which you can explore all that Sydney has to offer then the Travelodge is an ideal choice.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>BEEPfromPARIS
<Content>Very good stay       water splashed on every shower  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sleepbabysleep
<Content>great hotel Great hotel, location a little walk, so get the comfortable shoes on.dont buy ANYTHING from the IGA accross the road unless you are desperate. Its mega expensive!!!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	3	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Rick10
<Content>Good location, nice stay The travelodge wentworth is a nice hotel for people on a budget. We booked through last minute.com australia and got a good rate. The rooms are average size for Australia and were more than enough for my wife and I. You are w/in walking distance of most everything...my wife and I walked to Darling Harbour, The Rocks, the Opera House, Central Station, and Circular Quay. We are young and don't mind walking though, so keep in mind that it's about 1km to the Opera House. To save some money, we went to Woolworth's (a few blocks from the hotel) and bought some cereal and milk and used the refridgeratorin the hotel room; there is also a microwave in the hotel, which allows you to heat food up if you want to save money that way. Overall, it was a good stay for the price we paid.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>chris_from_singapore
<Content>Pleasant and Affordable Just returned home after a short 5 night holiday in Sydney. Stayed at the Travelodge, after going through some rigorous hotel hunting online. They offered a very attractive price for a minimum 5 night stay.The hotel looks relatively new from the outside. Check-in at the reception was a speedy affair, with just one queue for the reception which handled check-ins, check-outs, concierge, airport shuttle bookings, luggage storage (I would imagine a long queue if the hotel was full or if there was a big group at the hotel).The rooms were simple and well-appointed. We had a 12th floor room and this came with 2 single beds, a mini-kitchenette/corner with microwave, fridge and additional sink. While the furnishings were relatively sparse throughout the room, we felt this was more than sufficient for a very comfortable sleep. The bathrooms were relatively small, with only a shower area/corner. This was a little problemmatic because it shares the same flooring as the rest of the bathroom, and hence, water from the shower would tend to seep out and wet the whole bathroom, making for a wet floor! Location-wise, the hotel is slightly south of Hyde Park. We walked a fair bit in Sydney. Average timings from the hotel to Circular Quay/Sydney Opera House/The Rocks - 20-25mins, Darling Harbour - 20mins, Chinatown - 5mins, MYER/Pitt Street Mall - 15mins, Star City Casino - 30-35mins.Taxi to the Hotel from the Domestic Terminal at Sydney Airport came up to $26.50 including Airport tolls. The shuttle bus service that runs every half hour from the hotel cost $12 per person and is convenient if travelling alone. Otherwise, a taxi wouldn't cost much more and you would save a good 20mins spent picking passengers from the other hotels.Overall, the Travelodge Sydney offered good value for money for the price that they were charging. This was also evidenced by the popularity of the hotel, which almost always seem full of people in the mornings at the lobby.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	4	4	2	

<Author>GarryndKirsten
<Content>Average Accomodation Stayed here for 5 nights during a three week holiday. Probably the least stylish/spectacular of all the accomodations we stayed at during our time in Oz. Its clean and tidy, rooms are quite small, but nothing wrong with them. Wasn't upset by the hotel, except the bar/restaurant wasn't open the whole time we were there. Location wise its not bad, considering the average price it was quite acceptable, not too far from anywhere, though we are young and very willing to walk.Nothing wrong with the hoel at all, bit bland and ordinary!We found this hotel by booking it through the tourist information centre in Melbourne, which is a very helpful place!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>tassie78
<Content>Great Value We stayed at the Travelodge for four nights. We found the hotel to beclose to all major attractions (10min walk to Darling Harbour, Patty's Markets, Centre point etc).The Rooms were very clean, House keeping was excellent and very friendly. Would highly recommend, would definitley stay again.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EnderbyIslandRabbits
<Content>Great place to stay!       comfortable and homely  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>TLM29
<Content>Nice Hotel This was is a nice hotel situated in a very central location in Sydney. As a female travelling alone I felt safe walking to and from this hotel during the day and in the evening. The room is faily nicely decorated and it also has a microwave.I also stayed at the Y on Hyde Park during the latter half of my trip. I liked the Travelodge much better since the rooms were cleanier, nicer looking and it has a much nicer lobby.I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>buds79
<Content>can't complain I stayed in this hotel after booking it through mystery hotel from lastminute.com. And I have to say that I really can't complain. The hotel is clean, rooms are cleaned daily, with kitchenette and ensuite bathroom (which is important for me), and staff are quite friendly. It's close to the train station and cbd. my only comment was that the hotel can feel a bit crowded due to group bookings, but in general, it's relatively quiet for a peaceful sleep. for budget accommodation, this hotel is a gem. i stayed for 5 nights and most likely will return for my next visit.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>myreview2007
<Content>Great value, No complaints for $100 a day Paid $100 a day for a twin room. Room was very spacious compared to the previous hotel i was in near capitol square. The room was very clean, furniture was new, beds were comfortable. Good location, less than 5 minute walk to chinatown,darling harbour. There are pubs just across the street. Overall, the hotel is clean, staff are friendly, great location.  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>cathyaf
<Content>Great budget hotel We booked this as the reviews and the price were good and as such weren't expecting too much. We were pleasantly surprised. The room was large enough and the facilities were great. There was guest laundry on a number of floors (handy if your away for a long time like us) and the room was cleaned daily.The nearest tube was less than a 5 min walk and only took 5 mins to get to harbour. The hotel had a good bank of leaflets on all the attractions and tours etc and when we requested a late check out they obliged at no additional cost.Only slight issue was the internet use which is dial up speed but thats being really picky.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	1	

<Author>divingdiva
<Content>good value for money We stayed here for 4 days on arrival in Sydney. Flight landed 6a.m. but can't check in till 2pm so this could be a problem for some. Luckily we could leave our cases at our son's flat. Check in was quick and painless - had booked from the UK and no problems with this. The room was large enough, as was the bathroom, although as other people have said, the whole bathroom floor gets wet when you use the shower as it is not in a cubicle, it just has a curtain. I liked the fact that there was an iron and ironing board available in the room. Towels were changed every day even if we had not left them on the floor which was meant to be the sign that you wanted them changed. The location of the hotel was good, close to Hyde Park and a pleasant walk to the city and harbour. All in all we felt it was good value for money - a clean and comfortable place to sleep after a long day's sigtseeing in Sydney.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>ricardofusball
<Content>Great Location in Sydney We recently stayed at the Travelodge Wentworth for one night.Its in a very handy spot - very close to Oxford Street, and you can easily walk into the city. The cab from the airport cost $25, which is pretty reasonable for Sydney.This hotel is a good budget option. There are no frills, but its hard to complain with the standard of the rooms. Our room was big for the price, with a good bathroom. There was a fridge and a microwave in the room, together with an iron and ironing board. The only thing we could really complain about was that the bed was hard, but that's really being picky.Its a great option if you're looking for something inexpensive in Sydney, in a pretty handy spot. We were there on a weekend, and it was very busy. Its obviously popular with travel groups.The staff were great, despite the place being really busy.Don't expect the Ritz, but this place is fine if you're only going to be in the room to sleep.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>3	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>female-tourist
<Content>Basic, but good value I chose this hotel because it is close to Hyde Park where the Australia Day celebrations were being held. Check-in was very quick. My room was small, but adequate. I asked for a quiet room and was placed on the 16th floor, with a side view, but away from the busy intersection and noisy traffic. The room contained a microwave, fridge, kettle  iron. The bathroom had shower, but no bath. The hotel has its own shuttle bus to the airport. The hotel only serves breakfast, not dinner, but I prefer to eat out.There are plenty of cafes  restaurants close by. Be wary of Oxford Street area with night clubs, bars, poor cafes - looks dubious. Go towards Liverpool Street  Elizabeth Street - much better. About 10 mins walk to monorail or subway. Walk to harbour is a 30 min stroll.I would describe this hotel as clean and basic - nothing special, but nothing wrong either.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sparkymarky79
<Content>Location Fantastic, Facilities not so great but all in all ok We have just returned from a 2 week trip to Sydney and we stayed the full 2 weeks in the Travelodge in Wentworth Avenue. After the flight from hell we arrived and to be honest i was dreading it after reading the reviews on here before we left, but because of the location we thought we would grin and bear it. The check-in was quick and painless the booking was there and the lady behind the desk was polite and nice. She explained all about the Key card needed to access the lifts which i thought was good, thin gs like breakfast information and suck like. We arrived in our room and i was so surprised yes it was small but infact it wasn't that small for 2 of us, there was a another pull out bed in there if there were 3 of you but then it would have been to cramped. There was a little kitchenette thing with fridge, microwave and sink. They provided an iron, ironing board all the cuttelery we needed and a kettle, also there was washing up cloths and teatowel also provided. We could not fault the facilities they were clean and useable and not chipped or broken or anything. There was 2 single beds which were fine with sheets not quilts which were clean and smelt ok mainlly of bleach but not horrible like some hotels., the room was air conditioned which was nice and helped in the heat of the day. We had a nice window view windows didn't open but for obvious reasons. The room was basic but fine and to be honest we couldn't fault it. The came in and cleaned up everyday and occasionally when we hadn't washed up they also did that for us.All in all it was ok, the staff were helpful and gave us good advice of where to eat out and places to visit that were off the tourist list. The breakfast in the hotel i agree wasn't worth it and if there is a large number of coach parties in the breakfast in the morning can be really busy and noisey.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Member From Shellharbour Australia
<Content>Inexpensive For Location Good location for the money. Within about 15 minutes walk to many central Sydney locations and about 5 minutes to the closest train station. While the building is fairly modern, it is definately a budget hotel with a bit of a youth hostel feel about it and you need to consider this before booking in. The rooms are clean, smallish but most if not all have TV and bar fridges. Our room had minor problems with the TV and water taps although not enough to cause anything more than a bit of inconvenience. I have heard it can be a bit loud at times but did not find that to be the case when we stayed.The hotel has limited facilities Ie; a breakfast only restaurant (very uninspiring and overpriced) and inconvenient off site parking. There is a pretty reasonable Thai restaurant (Alice's) across the street in one of the old hotels and some restaurants will deliver to your room if you dont feel like a short walk to Oxford Street for a meal.Anyone who wishes a bit of luxury (or anything more than a low frills place to stay) will probably be unimpressed with this hotel. It is definately nothing fancy and lacks some of the basic ammenities that many (more expensive) hotels have. As far as a budget hotel is concerned I pretty well got what I was expecting; a decent place to lay my head at the end of a long day seeing and experiencing Sydney. The money I saved staying at the Travelodge I spend sightseeing. That is what I came to Sydney for.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>ArmaghMan
<Content>Just don't expect too much Right, it seems safe to assume that if you are looking at a review of this hotel you are looking for budget accommodation in Sydney that is clean, safe and near to the heart of things? Does the Travelodge fit the bill? Well, maybe. Be under no illusions, this is not a hotel in the normal sense. In truth it is a safe place to sleep, wash and really little more. Apart from the breakfast there are no restaurant facilities. Speaking of breakfast, do yourself a favour and eat somewhere in town as the breakfast here is not really worth the money. Cereals, fruit juice, ham, cheese and some sterile mhot items make up the list but they don't amount to much, so if you can eat elsewhere.The reception staff are by and large frazzled and really do't mind much if you stay or not. It is like a low cost airline, another punter will be along soon, so perhaps because they are so busy they have no real interest in you. When I booked onnthe hotel website I asked if I could be given an early check in as I was coming on a flight from the UK. When I arrived we were told check-in was 2pm and no room coulod be released until then. OK perhaps they were full, but the provision of shower facilities might have been considered as I suspect that many guests arrive after long travel.The room was a good size and almost acceptably clean. The wall in the bathroom had stains on it and this could and should have been cleaned. This was a minor issue and for the money I thought the room was actually quite good. Although some people have said the rooms can be noisey, I heard nothing at all. Yes the hotel can be over-run with school kids, but what do you expect, it's that kind of place. To be honest you can get noisy guests in the most expensive hotels.I thought the area around the hotel was very uninspiring and there were no real restaurants worth speaking of. Take a 10 dollar taxi ride to the Sydney Harbour area or to downtown and you will get your fill of restaurants. Walking to downtown will take about 30 minutes so factor that in when deciding where to stayIn short, the Travelodge is basic so expect no frills. the breakfast is expensive and not worth it and there is no restaurant. However if you get the price right and want clean and warm accommodation then this might be the place for you. One last point, they do have a very security conscious left luggage facility, especially if you have a laptop computer - full marks on that regard. 5 star it isn't, basic but acceptable it is. Pay your money and make your choice, the Travelodge is proof that you do get what you pay for.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	2	2	2	1	2	

<Author>J_M_MMelbourne
<Content>Great choice Stayed here four nights leading up to New Year, and really enjoyed it. Clean room and bathroom, modern amneties,great location - walking distance to paddys market, darling harbour, hyde park, even down to circular key if you don't object to a bit of a stroll. Definitely reccomend it for the price, we paid $100 a night, bargain! Only thing to watch for is locking yourself out of your bathroom! The locks can be a bit iffy and it took a while to get someone to come up and open it. Otherwise, great service and a good choice. Thanks travelodge for providing a good stay in Sydney.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>par1978
<Content>Good location, bad service, terrible room We stayed 5 nights in December 2006. The only thing going for this hotel is the location. Close to everything.... train, bus, shops, Darling Harbour, Oxford Street. Upon check in, we found our bathroom was infested with fleas. We then changed rooms and then had a fridge that didn't chill properly.The beds were uncomfortable, the bathroom floor gets saturated when you take a shower and the front doors to the hotel are blocked by smokers and clouds of cigarette smoke.This is nothing more than a youth hostel. You get what you pay for in this case.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>gempul83
<Content>Good Location Stayed at the travelodge for 7 days in Sydney, best thing is the location - Sydney is massive but you can walk to most places from here, if not there is a good bus link at the top of the road - reception staff help out with which bus to catch where. The hotel was average, the rooms had own fridge, microwave and T.V. They were clean enough, the maid came everyday to change bedding, towels etc they were just basic which is what you'd expect from a travelodge. The safe at reception is free and is also manned 24 hours so they can let you in after a night out! The breakfast was expensive so didn't try but plenty of places to eat in sydney. Overall would stay again purely on location, and for what we paid cant really complain for a city centre hotel.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>loftmeister
<Content>Budget accomodation with good location The hotel is well situated, appox a 10 min walk from the train station (museum).It has a very youth hostel feel about it. It was packed full of young travellers and was very noisey, even in the early hours there were doors being open and closed all the time.I didnt find the staff that helpful, I was kept waiting for 4 hours in the reception area until my room came avaliable. It was a Sunday morning and there was nowhere open, so i opted to wait until my room had been cleaned.I am sure i caught them on a bad day but it didnt leave a good impression on me.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>shumona
<Content>only the b/fast was a let down Location is good, room was great but not the view from room. reception staff was pathetic didn't want to borrow the adaptor instead asking me to pay 15 dollar to buy from them (but in melbourne the same hotel you can borrow with just paying 20 dollar deposit). B/fast was dissapointing except the hot chocolate. security in the lugage room was lacking (self service). other than this grouses, the hotel is ok.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>3	4	5	5	5	4	2	4	

<Author>drccds
<Content>A good place to stay I stayed at this hotel for 6 nights. I didn't use alot of the things at the hotel itself. I was there to see the city and I did. It is well located, altho not right next to anything itself. Not too far from the main train station and within walking distance of the CBD and the Harbor. The hotel internet is priced about 4 times what it is right down the street. The room was fairly good sized, clean and quiet, altho the view only looks out at the other buildings around it. It did have a fridge and a microwave, which helped. The TV channel selection is poor, from what I saw of it. It is neither in the best neighborhood, nor the worst. I had a good experience in Sydney, and altho I can't rave about where I stayed, it suited what I was there for just fine.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>jjb415
<Content>Great Location, Fair Price My stay at the Travelodge Wentworth in Sydney was on the night of November 12, 2006, for one night in room 1423 and it was my second stay at this hotel in a year and 1/2. I chose this hotel because of its convenient location to the Oxford Street area, Chinatown, and Darling harbor. The room was booked on the hotel's websight and included tax, but, not breakfast. I took the city train from the conveniently located airport station to the nearby Museum Station near the hotel (A$12.30) As my flight arrived early in the a.m. the room wasn't ready and I stored my luggage in the luggage storage room and headed for the gym. Other posts mentioning the lack of security are true, I stored my own luggage in the room and picked it up by myself 4 hours later. There appeared to be nobody on duty for assistance in this room directly adjacent to the Front Desk. My room was small with 2 twin beds, table, chairs, small bathroom with shower only, and small kitchen with silverware, plates, microwave, coffee/tea pot, and coffee/tea. The deadbolt on the door was half missing, leaving it unusable. Noise from groups arriving/departing in the hallways was an annoyance. There was, however, no noise from adjacent rooms and little hallway noise during the evening/night hours. Check-out time of 10am was rather early, but, I was given an extra hour with no problem. All of my dealings with the front desk staff were pleasant. I would select this hotel in the future because of its great location and fair price. If you are looking for luxury and special services, you may wish to stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	5	2	4	-1	-1	

<Author>KGTravels
<Content>Not too bad! Not too bad a hotel. Good location, room ok, but breakfast was pretty ropey, and if you have not got breakfast included in your stay, it's a pretty expensive option considering there is an abundance of good eating places on and nearby Oxford Street.Check in was painless, although soon after a big coach-load arrived, which may have been a bit distressing! Reception staff were fine and efficient.Not sure I would race back there again, but it was fine for our three-day stay.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>dompac
<Content>Nonexistent service This hotel should be called Backpackers Wentworth not Travelodge.Though the rooms themselves are adequate there is no sevice to be had for any price.The harassed staff at reception is unable to offer any local knowledge or information to visitors. When asked to call a taxi we were advised to stand on the corner of the street and flag one down.We left our room at 10 a.m. and left a card to have it serviced. On our return at 4 p.m. we found it exactly as we left it. It took two phone calls to reception and 45 minutes to have fresh towels and other supplies delivered and the service person who finally turned up told us that it is hotel strategy not to make up occupied rooms until late afternoon and evening.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Spliff
<Content>Good location at great prices We found this hotel great value for money. Very central with everything within walking distance.The rooms have a small kitchen area with fridge, microwave and table so you can buy bread etc and have breakfast in your room. We did this most mornings as we have 3 children and thought breakfast in a lot of Sydney cafes was quite expensive.If you stay at travelodges in th UK you'll know what to expect, but as I've said the location is great. Really good for families.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>ClareVancouver
<Content>Excellent stay We booked this hotel the day before arriving not sure what to expect because the rooms were really cheap. The hotel was excellent! The reception staff were chatty and helpful, the room was large and good sized bathroom.We had a slight problem with our TV and called reception and someone came and ficed it 5 minutes later.No complaints with this hotel! Excellent stay and excellent location to see all of the sights in Sydney. I would 100% stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Teramo48
<Content>Great home base       Kitchenette  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	3	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>FPL10
<Content>Meet all expectations! Had heard about the a few bad experiences before we arrived such as not been allowed early check-in and poor security in the luggage store room.Upon our arrival on an early flight we requested an early check-in (we got there at about 9.30am) and the staff member (Rochelle) enthusiastically said No problem! She also briefed us on things to do etc and where local shops were for eating (their restaurant only serves breakfast). We also requested a late check out at 12pm - again no problem.The room we got fully met our expectations, clean and spacious for a budget hotel. Location was handy to so many things, Museum rail station less than 5 minutes walk away, CBD 10-15 minutes across Hyde Park, and Chinatown  Oxford St also close by. For those with little luggage the close proximity of Museum Station means you have an alternative way to get to  from the Airport as this line connects directly into the international  domestic terminals. Cost was AUD13 pp one way.Upon checkout we stored our luggage in the store room which a staff member unlocked and supervised us while we stored our stuff. Obviously listened to complaints about previous security concerns and addressed them.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>sydneygal85
<Content>Fantastic! I stayed at this motel for two nights last week, and found it to be fantastic value for money.Staff were friendly, facilities were great, the motel was modern and clean, and my room was spacious, clean, modern, with everything I could possibly need. I will be returning to this motel in the near future, and would recommend it to anyone else. Absolutely brilliant value for money!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>hemikiwi
<Content>Room fine..neighbours not! Overall a good no frill hotel. Clean room and bathroom. Staff very pleasant and helpful. Location great, near Hyde Park and Oxford Street. Not that far to walk to any other attractions. My only misfortune was that an american teenage convention also stayed at this hotel at the same time. This meant lots of door slamming , excited high pitched voices, noise through the walls etc. However, I have stayed before and it was fine. Teenagers just being teenagers, but at 2am....i prefer to be asleep and not woken up by excited loud teenagers.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>rada628
<Content>would definitely recommend I recently spent the weekend at the Travelodge. I thought the rooms were perfectly fine. Based on myi nteractions, the staff seemed very pleasant and helpful. I will admit that I didn't try the restaurant, so I cannot advise on the matter. The best thing about this hotel is definitely the location. It is very centrally located and easy to walk to alot of sites including Paddy's Market, Hyde park and the Australia Museum.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a wonderful stay - Would definitely come back! We stayed there May 19-May 24. Their check-in time is 2:00 pm, but they will allow you to store your luggage in the meantime. This is a very nice service, especially if you arrive at Sydney in the early morning, as most international flights do. Since we were traveling during the less busy season, the staff at the front desk were so courteous to allow us to check-in immediately upon our arrival (about 8:00 am), once it was determined that a room was indeed available that far in advance. This was an unexpectedly nice gesture on their part!We found the location very convenient to all our points of interest. Additionally, the hotel is close to two supermarkets, and a movie theater. Travelodge Wentworth also has coin-operated laundy facilities.Our room was spacious, and equipped with a microwave, fridge, kitchen sink, countertop, cable TV, iron, ironing board, tea/coffee maker, work table, and sofa bed. The room was very clean, and towels as well as toiletries were replenished daily. Our room was located on the 8th floor, and we found it to be very comfortable and quiet.We would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location Great hotel for those on a budget, ideally situated for the main tourist spots of Sydney. Rooms clean and well proportioned with good facilities for those staying for an extended period of time - we had a microwave and fridge, and there were washing machines available for use further along the landing. Staff were very helpful when it came to requests for extra pillows etc, and we managed to avoid any unpleasant early morning wake-up calls from the cleaners (they seem to wait until a reasonable hour before starting their rounds!). Didn't have any problems with noise from our fellow guests when we were there, even though the hotel was busy. The only downside really was the small reception area which got crowded from a relatively small amount of people, and also that the 'left luggage' room wasn't as secure as I would have liked it to be - it was behind reception but otherwise was unlocked and unmanned, with guests able to walk in and out without let or hinderance  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Drezh
<Content>Basic but good enough The hotel is a fair distance from the city centre but very close to Hyde Park. The hotel provides a basic service. Breakfast is the only meal served and guests are encouraged to eat out or order take-away [directory provided in the room of various restaurants]. Each room has a microwave, kitchen area and laundry rooms are available on various floors. So it is very much a self-serve hotel. In general the hotel is clean and rooms are cleaned daily.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice for the Price! - Will Definitely Come Back I stayed there for 2/22-2/25 2006. Lobby is rather small, with front desk of 3 people only. Read in others' reviews that queues for check-in/check-out do get very long, but I did not (fortunately for me) experience all those.However, they really are inflexible as to their check-in policy of 2pm, reasoning that they are fully booked (really?) and that they have no room to give you when you arrive for example around 8am from the early morning flights to Sydney. They do have a baggage storage area, but I don't think it's secure enough, especially since they cannot check your tag and bag tag if they are busy with those people lining up in the front desk.Location is admittedly not that central, but it is quite accessible within a 10 minute walk either to the main streets (Elizabeth St., Pitt St., George St., Liverpool St., Oxford St.) or to train and bus stations. So location is still good, considering that hotels in the main streets are priced a lot more expensive.The room is quite spacious, for the price. It has a microwave, fridge, a kitchen sink and countertop, ironing board, iron, sofa bed, working table, tv, and a double bed for me! Cleanliness has never been a problem for me, and towels and the other reusables are replenished each day.It's funny that the elevator says guests should swipe their cards for the car to stop in your floor, but even without doing so, it stops in your floor nevertheless. The breakfast is basic for $16.50. Luckily, my package already included breakfast vouchers.All in all, I'd rate my stay a 7 or 8 over 10, and I'd definitely stay in this hotel again if I do get to go back to Sydney on a budget trip.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awful I had the unfortunate experience of staying at this hotel in Jan 2006. Upon entering the lobby it was clear that the hotel was far from clean and this was confirmed once we entered our room. The carpet in the room did not look like it had ever been vacuumed and this suspicion was confirmed upon discovering not one but at least 12 rather large toe nail clippings embedded in the carpet. The bathroom had the remains of numerous former visitors which was evident from the variety of different hairs on the floor and sink. The tiles were mouldy and the shower curtain disgusting. I immediatly made a request that our room be vacuumed and cleaned. I was assured that it would be cleaned the next day. My room was never vacuumed the entire time I was there, despite complaing 4 times. The room service seemed to consist of bedmaking only.Needless to say I do not recommend that you stay at this hotel as I am sure there are a number of cleaner more efficient hotels to choose from.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location, reasonable hotel The hotel is very well located, one minutes walk from hyde park, 15 from darling harbour, and 30 to circular quay. A cab from the airport is around $25. The hotel is used by large groups, although other than some congestion in the lobby of a morning there is little sign of us. The rooms themsleves offer all you need (mini bar, microwave, crockery, iron etc), they aren't the biggest ever, but we had 3 adults in one with no problems. We didn't try the breakfast at the hotel, as there is a range of places to eat nearby for less, and teh hotel bar was always closed. However the hotel over the road has a good bar, and a very good and cheap Thai restaurant above it (拢4 for a main course). If you have a car there is no street parking near the hotel, but they have an agreement with an underground car park not far away, and you can get 24hrs parking for $19, half the going rate, you just need to buy your ticket from the hotel reception. I would come back to this hotel if staying in sydney again.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent facilities at the price This is a decent budget hotel in Sydney just south of Hyde Park. The room was quite large and clean, if a bit stark, but I expected some 'starkness' at this price. There are useful items in the room such as small fridge, microwave, plates, cutlery, iron, ironing board. There was also a coin operated laundry on the same floor, very useful if like me you are on an extended trip.Breakfast was overpriced at around $16.50, but offered a reasonable choice. I tended to have breakfast elsewhere, but then you could keep milk and cereal in your room if you wanted to.There are convenience stores near the hotel and there is a large internet/coffee shop just west of the southern end of Hyde park. A few coin operated internet points are also available in the hotel.Darling harbour is about a 15 minute walk and the Circular Quay/Opera House area is 30+ minutes, and you could meander through Hyde Park and the Botanic Gardens on the way there. The 'Museum' metro stop is quite close to the hotel and is only 2 stops from Circular Quay.I did an 'eco' Blue Mountains Canyon day tour (leaflet picked up in the hotel lobby), worth doing for the views (if you can take the pace) and we ended the day taking coffee and tea next to some sleepy looking Kangaroos which live wild in a valley park, so worth doing if you want to escape from the city for a day.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Chorizogolf
<Content>As recommended by others Other Tripadvisor reviewers pointed us towards this hotel and we are grateful. For a bargain price, we enjoyed a big room (with fridge, microwave and sink) where everything worked - plus a great view of downtown Sydney in a location very handy for the city's excellent public tranport system.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent value for money We stayed at The Travelodge,Wentworth Avenue for 6 nights at the beginning of January,the hotel staff were excellent as was the location,it was central and only 100 metres from Hyde Park,a lovely park to walk through en route to Sydney Harbour.The room was very good and included small kitchen area,iron etc.The breakfast in the hotel was excellent.Directly across the road is a bar that serves lunches and is open till late.We were very pleased with our stay,the prices were good value and we would come back to this hotel in the future.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>real disappointment I was unfortunately given a really bad room. But what happened next is the real disappointment. I immediately returned to reception to request a change. I was told no changes are allowed, even though it was 3pm, and they had rooms available. This is an unspoken policy to prevent them having to check the room is still 'saleable' - I hadn't even touched the inside of the room. I avoided creating a scene, but I am writing this review so other travellers are warned. In the end, I had a terrible night with the lift apparatus and plant room humming all night. To use an Australian expression I learned - your bad luck, mate! My advice is 'avoid'  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Anna_jessica
<Content>great choice I stayed at the travelodge for a few nights in the beginning of January and found it to be a great choice. It is conveniently located, but most importantly the rooms were quite spacious and clean. The decor was modern. The bathroom was lovely, and there was even an ironing board + iron, microwave , fridge (which you were encouraged to fill with your own food etc), tea and coffee making facilities. These little extras were really a bonus.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fab hotel to explore Sydney from Fab hotel, clean, conveniently located, very reasonably priced, the staff were incrediably helpful, they really couldn't do anymore to help. Would defiantley stay again.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ya_sweetie
<Content>Value for Money I stayed in the Travelodge during Oct 2005. The rooms were clean and comfortable, and the staff were very helpful. I didn't try the breakfast there because there are so many places where you can eat. The hotel is situated near Hyde Park and you can walk to nearly all the major attractions within Sydney like Center Point, Darling Harbour, Circular Quay. The trains are very reliable too, and the nearest train station to the Travelodge (which is just round the corner) is Museum, from this station you can take a train to Sydney International or Domestic terminal airports which is about $12 oz dollars single. If you get the chance to stay in Sydney I would definitely stay at the Travelodge. You can make cheap bookings by going direct to their website: -----. I found booking via their own website cheaper than booking through other websites on the Internet.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the best Travelodges I found this hotel to be modern, clean, good value and with relatively spacious rooms with microwave oven and a few added bonuses. For a travelodge (don't expect five stars) this reprensents a decent affordable stay in on of the worlds great cities.The only real downside to this hotel is it's location in one of the poorer more eastern areas of central Sydney. but i feel this hotel is good value with good service and i would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>porge
<Content>Excellent hotel in convenient location We enjoyed five nights at the Sydney Travelodge on Wentworth Avenue. The location is excellent being within easy walking distance of the CBD through Hyde Park, Darling Harbour, Oxford Street restaurants and Museum Railway Station is three minutes walk away where one can catch a train to Circular Quay.We were given a room on the top floor (18th) and enjoyed interesting views of the city and beyond. The room was very quiet, in fact we heard no noise at all from the street or adjoining rooms. The room was simple but very comfortable and clean. The provision of microwave, crockery and cutlery is excellent for those on a budget and we found a Coles Supermarket eight minutes walk away where we purchased food. There are a number of smaller more expensive convenience stores closer to the Hotel.Our room was serviced each day and we enjoyed coming back to our room each evening after a busy day sightseeing and finding fresh towels etc.Overall, we found the Sydney Travelodge to be good value for money. It is a good, basic, no frills Hotel.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Bahadir
<Content>Terrible, dont even think about it I hated staying there. First of all it seems like this hotel works a lot with school trips, sports competition groups etc, so there are always a bunch of American teenagers or randy and rowdy young crowd shouting about, you can't even walk through the corridors, as they all sit and chat in corridors. Unless you are nostalgic about your boarding school days, this hotel is no go. But the last straw was when they said there would not be any water at all for a duration of 5 hours. It was apparently due to a central maintanenance, but they did not warn me about this when I booked the hotel. Service staff is very slow and unsymphathetic. Also, when I first arrived the hotel there was a junkie sitting in the lobby, and they had to bring police and remove him. Food is also very bad and not worth the money. The only good thing about this hotel is that it is rather central, but hey, Sydney is so small that you can walk about from almost anywhere, and there are many value hotels nearby, so it is not good enough reason to stay in this ultra crap hotel  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>wurly_monster
<Content>excellent value We stayed here for a week, and think it was great value in a great location. Handy to Oxford Street and not too far from the city. There is a train station about 5 minutes away.My wife did actually have her bag stolen about 2 streets away, but that area - Haymarket and around Central Station is a bit dodgy.I would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent location, Very good staff, Good service I stayed at Travelodge Sydney on 15-24 July 2005. Having read the reviews on this website, I was expecting to be told that I had to wait until 2:00 pm for a room, and considering the 14 hour straight flight, that would be disappointing. But a very nice young lady at the reception said that I could go to a room on the second floor right away (and this was 9:00 am). They promised to change the room to 13th floor the next day and that was exactly what they did. The reception was exactly reminiscent of a production line of guests getting in and out, but I never had to wait for more than 5 minutes. There were plenty of people with tours (mostly Chinese) and student groups (mostly American) but that was no problem.Rooms were clean, but not as clean as they were described in the reviews I had read. If you are concerned with things like small food particles on the floor or some stains on the floor of the bathroom, you usually have to go to the reception and let them know that you want them to be cleaned. The most disappointing thing about the rooms was the absence of internet access. There's a phone socket on the wall that you can use with your own internet card (56K). I had asked the staff about this before booking and they said that internet access is available in all rooms. The only remedy was a great internet cafe which was very close (a 3 minute walk to Liverpool street). They have any electronic facility that you can think of. The speed is not that impressive but acceptable. The hotel location is superb. You can literally find anything you need within 15 minute walk from the hotel. I used to walk to Darling Harbour everyday, and I enjoyed the path as it's a very vibrant and clean area. George street is a good example of a street on which you can find anything (great fast food included). All in all, I had a good experience at this hotel and will stay there again, but you should remember that practically there is no internet access in rooms and sometimes you have to be specific about where in the room should be cleaned or they may ignore it.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>CapitalAussie
<Content>A week in the Harbour City       Our cardboard mate taking it easy at The Travelodge  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>onedude
<Content>Clean, comfortable and quiet I stayed here twice for work in June, once from 01-02 June and the second from 14-17 June. It's close to Oxford Street and Hyde Park and only a 10 minute walk from the Pitt Street Mall.Rooms are always clean, bathroom always clean and it's very vanilla - but consistency is a good thing. Staff gave me a wake up call both days on my second stay (was not for my room!) however was up and awake so thought it was quite funny.Had laundry done and it was in the room on my return from the office one day. Some good restaurants around (check out the Laotian restaurant on Oxford Street called Pink Peppercorn - cheap and very tasty).Staff are pretty young and they obviously put a few tour groups through, but overall for the price and the quality, it's hard to beat.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sleepyheid
<Content>well placed Having spent the previous week in a hostel this was a taste of sanity, not that the hostel was bad, just that the hotel was spacious and had certain luxuries like a microwave, fridge, large bathroom, and, well, was just `more`. Also had a T.V. and table. 13th floor view wasn`t up to much though. On every second floor there is also a vending machine which sells sweeties and instant junk, while the reception also has a selection of frozen microwaveable junk if you ask. Reception, although very helpful, patient and humourful, could have been a bit better staffed at times as the waiting times were a bit riduculous, even if, or especially as, they do have 400+ rooms. Centrally located for the train station, tube stations, pubs, china town , Darling Harbour and internet cafe`s, the hotel is also within 30 mins walking distance of all the attractions of Sydney, the furthest being the opera house, but it is quite enjoyable if taken through the parks. The hotel has a room for luggage. Airport bus will come and pick you up for a fare. Breakfast buffet is okay, everything you would expect is there. Would go there again, if I ever get the opportunity.  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>davidfactoria
<Content>Modern, Functional  Stayed at the Sydney Travelodge the first 8 days of March/2005 for the Mardi Gras week. Whaaa, great location, two blocks from the Museum City Rail subway stop  next to internet cafes, stores,  all of the top US fast food chain restaurants. From this location you can walk or access public transit with ease. With about 18 floors, Travelodge Sydney is a modern,  simple, yet functional hotel that is way above in quality from its US counterpart.Just a few things that need improvement. If your flight arrives early in the am, the Hotel is a quick 20 minute subway ride from Sydney International Terminal train stop, to the Museum train stop just two blocks away. However, I found that you will be denied access to your room until 2pm. When you walk in to the front desk you'll even notice to your left a table of luggage tags that you'll have to fill out  put your stuff into storage and kill time till check in. I was told rooms would be available by 2pm. I overheard the same story being told to guests as I was checking out a week later. (Note hotel has over 400 rooms!). I used my 4 hours of waiting time to explore the neighborhood  found so many places to dine that I never bothered to eat at the hotel. Breakfast is around $15 AUS but does not even include deli meats  cheeses (basically just eggs, tomato  fruit). I guess I'm spoiled by European standards for a full breakfast buffet! Rooms here are moderately sized, but are quite functional with a couch, iron/board, table/chairs,  mini kitchen w/microwave, utensils  a mini refrigerator. And yes the room was very clean. The bathroom featured a large mirror  counter area while the shower was a walk-in-style on flat ground with no tub to climb in, or to fall out off. Note that the only towels provided are bath (no hand or face towels). Also, note that at times the front desk can be chaotic as it seems understaffed for a hotel of this size. And don't even let the royal attitude of one of the male front desk staff bother you. In the end, I did enjoy my stay and will check in again! Overall, a great value, considering that the Marriott  other high end hotels are nearby  charge much more. I think the only main concern is that you must have a plan B if you arrive early  none of the 400+ rooms are available!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sisley
<Content>Good Value We stayed in the Travelodge over the Australia Day celebrations mid January '05. A little out of the way for Darling Harbour, Circular Quay etc but very convenient for the main shops. The hotel was a bolt standard place to base yourself and sleep. Nothing fancy but good value for the money. Staff were reasonably friendly and helpful for such a busy place. A convenience store just round the corner supplied most of your basic needs if required and a short walk (5 mins?) in any direction took you to several cafes and restaurants. Situated on a busy crossroads, taxis were extremely easy to get hold of.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent hotel Stayed here during mid-January. Rooms were small but adequate and staff were as polite and efficient as those at most other hotels. The benefits of this hotel are it's location and it's price (web specials at AS$99!). The downside is that there is an absolute inflexibility on the part of staff to release rooms before 2pm - a little frustrating if arriving on an early flight. All in all very good value.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wesley58
<Content>Enjoyed the Travelodge We had the priviledge of staying at the hotel in March of 2004. It was great for having access to Hyde Park and the CBD. Very clean rooms, nothing fancy, but great value. Had no complaints about service, in fact the employees were quite helpful in directing us where to go and how to find things. Close to Chinatown, Darling Harbour, as well as Paddy's Market (must see). Easy access to trains.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nicely Renovated but Poor Service   showReview(3023124, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>McDonald's of Hotels   showReview(2909250, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>greenfrog
<Content>Convenient Location   showReview(2862811, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 4, 2004
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>McBoot
<Content>Good value, good location   showReview(2857897, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KatherineNZ
<Content>I recommend it   showReview(2753973, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value   showReview(2156491, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, location, location   showReview(1644425, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great value   showReview(1563781, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GayTwosome
<Content>Great location, great buy.   showReview(1487371, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value for the money   showReview(929524, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>potimarrant
<Content>tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(23013392, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>donat69
<Content>ottimo hotel, ottima location   showReview(22121233, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	-1	4	4	3	

<Author>Filo80
<Content>Buona sistemazione   showReview(20438013, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>pamelaloha
<Content>buona posizione e buon rapporto qualit脿-prezzo       L'hotel visto dal Sightseen-bus  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel mit angemessenem Service und Komfort   showReview(20550123, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Preis/Leistungsverh盲ltnis war gut   showReview(20550121, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gut in Preis und Leistung   showReview(19644337, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlenswertes Hotel   showReview(19644336, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon emplacement 脿 Sydney   showReview(19644338, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlenswert f眉r Kurzaufenthalte   showReview(19644334, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ideal f眉r St盲dtereise   showReview(19644335, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bof   showReview(17436934, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon rapport qualit茅 / prix   showReview(16587646, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Unterkunft   showReview(16587647, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Good place and location in SYDNEY   showReview(16587645, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Ribalda
<Content>Hotel inmenso, moderno y limpio.   showReview(15830546, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder!   showReview(16587644, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Einfach und bequem   showReview(15564922, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lower Travelodge Standard   showReview(15564923, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bien pratique, au coeur de SYDNEY   showReview(15564921, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage prima Unterkunft   showReview(15564920, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zu empfehlen   showReview(15564919, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>war OK und f眉r 2 Tage absolut ausreichend   showReview(14726922, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr preiswert f眉r die hervorragende Lage in der Innenstadt   showReview(14726919, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zweckm盲脽ige Unterkunft   showReview(14726921, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un peu d茅莽u par la propret茅 de la chambre   showReview(14726917, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Cheap and Dirty   showReview(14726920, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon emplacement et confortable   showReview(14726918, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lage gut, Preis-Leistungs-Verhaeltnis fuer Sydney gut   showReview(14726916, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage!   showReview(14726912, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Lanzarote-M盲dchen
<Content>so la la...   showReview(14007353, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfelenswert   showReview(14726911, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un bon emplacement pour rayonner en ville   showReview(13975616, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A recommander   showReview(13196733, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Preis-Leistungs-Verh盲ltnis   showReview(13196731, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>assez bon rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(11312484, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cidmo
<Content>comodo e centrale       esterno hotel  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>angenehm eine Minik眉che zu haben   showReview(11312483, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>wirklich sehr gut fuer wenig Geld   showReview(11664040, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un endroit pas trop cher mais un peu 茅loign茅 du centre   showReview(11452963, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

