<Author>DrRobC
<Content>Aqua Palms and Spa Is Very Overrated I booked my reservation at the Aqua Palms and Spa Hotel through the hotels.com web site. When my wife and I arrived, we encountered numerous issues with the hotel, and those issues were:1. ElevatorsThe two working elevators (the third elevator was under renovation) were slow and the doors quickly closed on people. During our stay, there was one day where none of the elevators worked.Aqua Palms and Spa personnel made comments about the elevators. One staffer stated that it is frustrating that the elevators do not work and that Aqua Palms and Spa does not have a service elevator.2. Condition of RoomMy wife requested clean drinking glasses, and a hotel staffer informed her that the hotel does not provide clean drinking glasses daily. Please see other reviews for confirmation of this fact.There were stains on the lamp, headboard, and sheets. Also, there also stains on the walls and wallpaper was peeling. During one night of our stay, we entered the room to discover that maid service placed a stained upper sheet on our bed, which we found disguisting.3. Room ServiceThe maid did not clean the coffee pot everyday and neglected to provide coffee service for the majority of our stay. In other hotels that my wife and I have lodged at, it is customary for the maid staff to replenish soap and other hygiene items. Unfortunately, the maid staff did not replenish soap until we begged for more soap.4. Location of Laundry and Ice MachineThe self-service laundry and ice machine are located in a parking garage that is accessible to the public. If you went down to use the laundry room or obtain ice during nightime hours, it was very dark and unsecure/unsafe environment. One day, three out of the four dryers were not working, and my wife had to walk approximately 1/4 to 1/2 mile to a laundromat to dry clothes. 5. Guest ServicesThere was a mixed attitude among the staff. Some staff were very helpful. One example of this was Sergio, the front desk person. Sergio would go out of his way to assist you. However, there were other staff members that possessed a poor attitude about helping the guests.Once my wife and I complained about the non-working elevators and how the lack of elevator service created a situation where the hotel was in non-compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act. The guest services manager agreed to comp two nights for the inconveinence of non-working elevators. 6. Representation of Hotel on hotels.com and Aqua Palms and Spa web siteIn all honesty, I believe the hotels.com and Aqua Palms and Spa web site provide misleading information regarding the conditions of the hotel. I am not the only individual that noted this fact. If one reads other reviews posted about the Aqua Palms and Spa, one will see that others noted that they believed that the Aqua Palms and Spa web site provided misleading information regarding the hotel.7. OverallGiven the numerous issues, I cannot recommend this hotel to any friend or foe. I believe that physical amenities of the hotel are poor and that the hotels.com and Aqua Palms and Spa web sites dramatically overrate and vastly exaggerate the conditions of this hotel.Therefore, I would recommend three things to individuals contemplating a trip to Oahu and reading this review. The first recommendation is not to use hotels.com to book a room due to overexaggeration of hotel conditions and the poor customer service that I received reporting the previous items to hotels.com. Second, I would read the reviews before booking a stay at Aqua Palms and Spa or any other hotel. Third, I strongly recommend that you stand up for your rights if you believe that you received no or poor customer service from this or any other hotel.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	3	

<Author>WAchick
<Content>Don't expect anything extra here From the property's website we were quoted the price of $105 per night. I considered this price to be a little on the low side of the median price compared to other properties. Beings we were traveling on a budget this time, I thought this would be a good less expensive option. Once I booked the trip I realized that the $105 a night was actually an average. The nights ranged from $125 (I think) to $81. If I had realized that the normal rate was $81, I would have considered a different property.  The property sets itself up to be a spa like (relaxing) facility which is far from reality. We stayed on the third floor over looking very busy Ala Moana Blvd and the parking garage. This room was considered a premium room by the person at the front desk. I am assuming that is only because you could see the De Russey Park and the Hilton waterfall across the street. Unfortunately included in this premium room also the daily wake up call of construction deliveries starting at 5:30 in the morning and drilling and banging from then on. I imagine this would not have been as big of a problem if the slider and windows had been upgraded sometime recently to a more soundproof system. Though the construction will come and go, the noise from the busy road below, which only got louder as the morning progressed, is unlikely to go away and a better buffer to the noise would make a big difference. When I asked if we could move to one of the other Aqua properties I was told I could move to the back of the building in a non-premium room but would not be compensated for the difference in room rate. I was not very pleased with this option and felt that it did not represent great customer service.  I didn't look up the location before we booked (big mistake). It is on the far north side of Waikiki. You'll have quite a walk to get down the the heart of Waikiki though only a couple block walk to the Ala Moana Mall.  Generally, the room was fairly clean and what you would expect for $81 a night. The fold out mattress in the hide-a-bed couch needed to be upgraded as it was very thin and was uncomfortable to sleep on.  The TV was small and was attached to the ceiling as you would expect to see in a hospital. The TV was so far from the bed that only on our last day did I realize that it included a DVD player.  The kitchenette consisted of exactly what was reported on the website but it seemed kinda thrown together.  Get used to either long waits or taking the stairs as the three elevators in the building are excessively slow.  There is a pool. It is about the width of a standard cubicle and in an L shape. It is enough to get wet in though.  There is a breakfast in the morning but it literally includes only fruit, muffins, juice and coffee. It is probably sufficient for some people but I would suggest purchasing additional items and keeping them in your room to supplement the limited fair.  If you are looking to stay on a budget and don't mind the inconveniences listed above then this is a fairly clean and reasonable option.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>gwenHawaii
<Content>good value for the monney This is a great hotel for the money. Flat screen tv, coffee maker in every room, and very friendly hotel staff. Also very comfortable bed, and nicely made up. All in all very cozy. Plus a continental breakfast to boot!!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lovespell1973
<Content>THE BEST EXPERIENCE THERE IS!!! We decided to pop the 2009 differently. My husband and I had a quick decision on going to AQUA PALMS  SPA. I thought it is just a small hotel but when we checked in, the lobby was cozy and we were greeted with beautiful smile. We were given bottle waters, macadamia cookies (the best I ever tasted). When we got to the Penthouse Suite , it was better than home. It's clean, smells good and was helped by the housekeeping dept, (Adora, Anabelle  Cecilia) asking us if we need anything. I thought we already got everything. The room is complete from soap to pots and pans, glasses, everything that we needed. I've been to different hotels and I don't see any housekeeping around, and I have to chase them for an extra pillow etc. But at Aqua Palms, this is where they (HOUSEKEEPING) makes sure that everything are in tacked before they turn over the room. TILL the next day that we checked out, we were given a beautiful wave from the HOUSEKEEPING (ADORA  CECILIA) all the way through SERGIO and ANANIAS. A JOB WELL DONE!!! WE went home carrying the legacy of the experience we had at THE AQUA PALMS!!! THANKS A LOT , HOUSEKEEPING!!! where it all started!!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HappyTravleBug
<Content>It's 5 star for the price!!! We booked our rooms via a certain website and locked in an extremely low price( under $60 a night) for our one week stay at Aqua Palms  Spa. With such a price in mind, we didn't expect much.I e-mailed the manager and requested a quiet room on higher floor away from elevator. She answered the e-mails with great helpfulness and courtesy. We were really impressed and pleased even before the trip starts.We checked in around noon, the lobby is cool and nice. Front desk staff are very polite and helpful. Our rooms are on very high floor away from elevator, rooms are very very quiet ( by Waikiki standard). We don't need to worry about any noise at all. And the view facing back is just as nice as those facing the front, maybe even better in my opinion.Free high speed wireless internet (with cable on desk as well), Huge flat screen TV on the wall, complimentary continental breakfast, free local calls, Mini fridge and microwave in the room, free Gym and newspaper and beach towels...what more do you want as a budget traveler???The middle elevator is currently out of service, which is true, but you still got another two elevators, which in my mind is good enough for such a boutique hotel. The longest waiting time I experienced is 3 minutes, and I don't mind even if I have to wait longer, I am in Hawaii, why should I always be in a hurry?And yes the bellman named Ryan provided high class service. He is a credit for this hotel.Yes the bathroom is tiny, and the bathtub is outdated, the housekeeper could pay more attention to hairs on the floor, but hey, how much do I pay for the room? Those are NOT issue for me at all.The location is just GREAT. With Hilton Hawaiian Village hotel across street, you are guaranteed that a great beach is nearby.All in all, we are very happy with our choice to stay at this hotel and no doubt we will come back again! Trust me, if you want to pay somewhere between $50-$150 per night, don't go elsewhere, Aqua Palms is your best buy. And the price range is depending on your skill of research and the timing that you book your rooms.Once again, Aqua managers are doing a great job! Thank you!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>njglea
<Content>Fabulous people This is a small boutique hotel across Ala Moana Blvd from Hilton Hawaiian Village at Waikiki and I stayed for a week in December. I had some reservations because the rate was very good. The web site said they had totally remodeled and I was still a little wary. However, the moment I got to the hotel they made me feel at home, helped me every way they could with business and personal needs, called me by my name and were generally wonderful. The hotel IS old but I had a room on the 9th floor with a view of the beach and Hilton Head. The room was a little noisy because it was right above Ala Moana Blvd but no real bother once I got used to it. The rooms were lovely, the beds comfortable, the bathroom small. The only things I considered an inconvenience were slow elevators and crowded parking, which cost $20 per day. Get an economy car if you need a rental because they're easier to maneuver in Honolulu. Great place to stay.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MidasPortland
<Content>Aqua Palms/Waikiki We have stayed twice at the Aqua Palms Hotel on Ala Moana Boulevard and we have not been disappointed. As a matter of fact, the opposite is true. The attitude of the front desk staff is above average, and Mark, the bellman is wonderful regarding assistance and helping with directions. As I sit in the lobby observing how he helps hotel guests, I am impressed with his great attitude. Any hotel would be lucky to have someone like him on their staff.The Aqua Palms is a small boutique hotel and our room with a kingsize bed was on the small side, but location and attitude made up for all that. If you don't need the SPECIAL ATTENTION of a luxury resort, then you won't go wrong with the Aqua Palms.When a traveler is searching for a hotel and is reviewing it using the standard rating system, on some web sites the Aqua Palms is listed as 2 1/2 stars, and on others as 3 stars. In my opinion, I rate it 4 stars. Perhaps I shouldn't be sharing this choice bit of information with fellow travelers, because I tend to be selfish about my discoveries and want to keep them to myself, but when it comes to this little hotel, I just can't. The Aqua Palms deserves all the recognition it can get. ENJOY!!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ReenieF
<Content>Wonderful View Our family stayed that the Aqua Palms for 3 nights including Thanksgiving. We had a view of Diamond Head, Hilton Hawaiian Village and some ocean. For $115 a night!!! Couldn't beat the price. Linens were always clean along with cups etc. The hotel staff, especially the front desk were so kind! While my Mom checked us in (a little early even) we had to park partly on the sidewalk... a gentleman on the staff came out and told us that she was about done and how to get into the parking garage once she was out. The only problem was one of the elevators was not working, but their were 2 others. But, like I mentioned before... $115 is a WONDERFUL DEAL for the room we had in that area! If we ever make it to Honolulu again, we will definately be staying at the Aqua Palms and have already told many friends about it! Mahalo!!!  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Chinagirl080
<Content>Aqua Palms  I saw another review which stated that house keeping didn't provide clean glasses everyday, and the room was dirty, and management discredited their review. That's a poor management response to a problem. First, I must say that we also didn't receive clean glasses daily, nothing was ever cleaned except that we received fresh linens and the bed was made. Other than that, it's an old hotel that elevators don't work, and everyday we had to take the stairs. Ghetto! The manager who will respond to this is very sweet, and the staff is very kind, however, this hotel needs alot of work. On our last night we actually got lucky and caught the elevator, one of the staff had a can of Raid in their hand. We asked, where are you going? He said, They've got ants on the 5th floor. I don't know, but we experienced a beatle in our room. The manager and her friendly staff organized a great Wednesday night happy hour that had free drinks, live music, and food. I must say, the manager definitely knows how to get me to come back if they offered those free coctails and that awesome guitarist  drummer. However, she needs to improve her cleaning staff;s standards. Guest services were awesome, but cleanliness could use some improvement.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	3	5	3	

<Author>catlover4Vancouver
<Content>Home away from home We had originally looked through Trip Advisor reviews and decided to stay at the Aqua Wave Hotel in Waikiki. The reviews looked excellent and we thought that we couldn't miss. Two years ago in August we had stayed at the Aqua Palms, but thought that we might try something different. Upon arriving late at night, we found out the room that we thought we had requested on the 15th floor was not available. We were put in a suit on the 11th floor, but it was very noisy and the patio door did not lock. There was another room on the 15th floor which we took, but it was still extremely noisy, granted it was a Saturday night, but I do not like to hear partying and yelling outside from the near bye rooftop parking lot until 5:30am. The next morning however we had decided to leave the hotel and were going to stay at another hotel. Trina, who we had originally spoke to for booking called up to our room and was concerned that we were upset about our room etc., which she learned about from the desk clerks notes from the previous night. We went down to the desk and she was extremely apologetic and wanted to make sure we were happy. That is when we asked if she could check to see if we could stay at the Aqua Palms and Spa. Within a half hour we were at the Palms and knew we would have a room on the tenth floor. We left our bags there for the day and wandered Waikiki. We arrived back at 3pm and checked into a lovely room on the tenth floor overlooking the beautiful grounds of the Hilton, Fort DeRussy and a lovely view of the ocean. Within minutes our luggage was brought up to our room by Ryan, one of the wonderful bellmen at the hotel, and we received some treats. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Palms. The staff is extremely courteous. Sergio, Mark, Ryan and Keola at the front desk were always most helpful and accommodating. When we needed extra towels etc they were always at our room within minutes and they were wonderful about booking transportation. We would not hesitate to stay at the Palms again. Although Ala Moana blvd. is very noisy, it is not near as noisy as the main drag in Waikiki and the views from the hotel are excellent. We even managed to have a front row seat for the Honolulu Marathon which passed by the Palms on Sunday morning. We found the deck to be ample room to sit on and enjoy the views of Waikiki both day and night and the people watching is great too. There are always lots of people coming and going along the road. We found the facilities in the room to be great for making breakfast, lunch and snacks, with a fridge, microwave and various utensils. Daily there was also a breakfast buffet with fruit, muffins, coffee and juice on the 2nd floor, which was also very nice. Well done Aqua Palms. Look forward to staying with you again. Thank you for being so accommodating to our needs.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>kissme
<Content>Really impressed. I was expecting an average hotel after the others we had stayed in in Hawaii but the Aqua palms was a very pleasant surprise. We were upgraded to a diamond view room because there were road works out side, but I travel with earplugs anyway. The room was great, we are two adults and a six year old and we all fit in comfortably. It was clean and pleasant and the view was great. I would recommend it and would return. Great value for the price!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kona-kauai
<Content>Better than before! Stayed one night at the hotel and it was wonderful. Housekeeping didn't miss anything from notepad to towels. Everything was in top shape, with a wonderful surprise from my last stay, a large LCD tv. They used to have a 19 or so tv hanging from the corner of the room. From check in, to checkout, everything was perfect.Good job!  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>aug30
<Content>Adequate Stay; Nice staff This hotel is located on on one of the main thoroughfares ( Ala Moana Blvd.) in Waikiki Beach area. Across the street from the Hilton Hawaiian Village and near the beach. This is a very busy area with cars and buses going by most of the time. However, the street noise has not bothered me at this hotel. My room was located on the back side of the hotel facing trees and grassy areas and smaller side streets and I heard no noise coming from the main thoroughfare.Room was adequate with clean bedding and towels. Bathroom was well stocked with shower gel, shampoo and lotion (small bottles). Nice, large flat panel TV in room; also has desk and chair in the room and 2 chairs and small table on the balcony of the room I had. Maid service is good. Actually, all staff at this hotel are very nice and helpful.It is a small hotel with a small lobby area. Rooms are well used and carpeting has seen better days. But it does seem that hotel management try to keep up with maintenance. I have at times seen some spot painting going on in hallway to cover dark smudges, etc. My stay was for 3 nights and the accommodations were adequate and suited my needs. It is within easy walking distance to the main Waikiki Beach area and also to the Ala Moana shopping center and restaurants and small food stores.All in all I would stay here again for several days.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Cytraveler26
<Content>Great Place Very, very good. Not sure we could get more value for what we paid. I have stayed at buget hotels and spent more and received much less. We were welcomed during check in at the front desk with smiles and handed cookies, bottles of water and glasses of pineapple juice. The staff understood why they were there, to make our stay pleasant and their attitude was that they were glad we were staying with them. The 42 flat screen TV in the room was the largest I have ever seen for a standard room. The in room frig and microwave were handy. Mark at the front desk especially made our stay all the better. We had 6 local places we wanted to drive to and he took the time to give us detailed directions to each. The breakfast was simple, good and adequate. Again, not sure how you could find a better value. We spent 8 nights at the Palms and would return.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>akmb
<Content>A nice surprise For the money I paid this hotel was a great surprise!! It was a good deal.The staff was pleasant, friendly and helpful from the moment I walked in. They seemed to enjoy what they were doing and it showed in their attitudes.The hotel was clean and comfortable. The complementary breakfast offered fruit, juices and muffins. Not a big breakfast, but definately enough to get the day started.Parking was available for twenty bucks, but I don't know how the price compares to the surrounding area.I didn't spend a lot of time in the neighborhood so I can't speak to what is available nearbye.Without hesitation I would stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ug28
<Content>HORRID Experience The room we stayed in was dirty, small and NEVER got house keeping. The last day we were there, they cake in made our bed, but no fresh towles, no fresh cups, coffee..etc.. I have stayed at low budget hotels with much better service than this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	3	1	3	-1	3	

<Author>oneworld_aloha
<Content>Excellent service and a wonderful location Easy and quick check-in. Was offered a 20 dollar upgrade for a diamond head view. I say it was well worth it. I even asked to go see the upgraded room first, they were ok with it. The hotel has a bit of construction in the front, but if you close the windows, its reasonable quiet. Waikiki is a rather noisy place anywhere you stay.I split my trip in 2. I am now headed to the hilton hawaiian village across the street to see what they have to offer :)For the price they offer, you got to love this place. checkout their site they have some great specials like the 5th night free. Thats what i used to book my trip.Aloha to all!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lilo28
<Content>5 star quality at a great price***** The palms now is our go to hotel when we are in Waikiki. The beach is just steps away and there are hawaiian attractions out the front door. The staff treats you like Ohana (family). The rooms are decorated in a lush modern hawaiiana theme, pineapples and of course palm trees ( we got to book a beautiful suite). If your hungry in the morning there is a complementary continental breakfast stocked with pastries from local bakeries, fruits and fresh Kona coffee. The rates are so good we wanted to stay an extra week. We love this place and will visit again.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SlipperFR
<Content>Great location, affordable price, wonderful management This is our 4th time staying at the hotel. The location is great right about 5 min. walk to Waikiki beach. The room was nice and clean. We had a good view from the window. The breakfast was healthy. We just loved the place and the area. All the personals at the hotel were very professional and wonderful. There was a small leak from the AC bucket in the room on the last day of our stay, it was fixed within few minutes. I left a message to the guest service manager (Go Keola!) about the problem and he was wonderful. We got a refund for one night. Overall, it's a great place to stay. We are looking forward to be back to the hotel again in December.Annapolis - Maryland  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Homesick_Alien
<Content>No complaints (well maybe one or two) I stayed here with my girlfriend back in June 2007. After much deliberating between the various recommended hotels on tripadvisor, we decided on this one. My girlfriend and I arrived separately, so I checked in alone. I had no problems at check in but I was disappointed to find that the room had no balcony. I had requested a balcony so I called and the next day they moved me into another room, this one with a balcony. The problem was that I was relaxing on the beach when I got a phone call saying they had another room for me and could I come back and move all our stuff. It wasn't the end of the world as we weren't far from the hotel, but still a bit annoying. The rooms themselves are just fine, had everything we needed and were great value for the price. It's about 20 mins walk to the centre of waikiki and about 10 mins to the nearest beach. The beaches near the hotel are much less crowded so I would recommend these over the more central ones. The continental breakfast in the morning was adequate, but there's nowhere really to eat it so there's kind of an awkward atmosphere when everyone is trying to perch themselves somewhere in the reception area. After the first morning we just brought it up to our room.We only used the pool area once and it's true that it is very small but at the same time hardly anyone seems to use it so the size isn't really an issue. On the whole a very enjoyable experience.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Hiilani
<Content>Palms was great We really enjoyed our stay at the Palms. We liked the complimentary continental breakfast. The staff was all very warm and welcoming. The beds were extremely comfortable and the head board very cool, like art work. The room was very clean and the Papaya shampoo smelled teriffic. Next time we hope to enjoy the evening reception.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>deltaforce_team
<Content>delta force softball tournament The hotel staff was great and we have never experienced such incredible service before. It was so hard to drag ourselves away from the hotel to go to the Kapiolani Park at all. Everyday we ate the continental breakfast, was good! I love the guava juice. Overall, I would say this is one of the best hotel that we stayed in Hawaii! The room was very comfortable. We have a lot of fun. Thank you very much, Ola, Mark and Berna and of course the person who cleans the room (1027), was WONDERFUL. MAHALO!!See you guys next year @ Softball Tournament-Delta Force Team  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KwajBoy
<Content>What a wonderful staff My family and I travel several times a year either to or through Honolulu for the last 15 years. For many years, we would go to the big name hotels where we would get lost in the shuffle of the masses. A couple of years ago, a friend of our recommended Aqua Palms and Spa and we have not stayed anywhere else since.The moment we arrive at the front door, we always receive a warm Aloha from Mark as he takes our bags and asks how long we'll be staying. Then off to the front desk for another warm greeting from Keola, the manager. The whole atmosphere of Aqua Palms is a small hometown style in the middle of a big metropolis. The rooms are always ready and housekeeping has always filled every request that we make.When we are ready to go out on the town, Mark and Keola are always available to recommend things to do and see. If we can't find these two guys, any of the other staff is very friendly and helpful. My daughter enjoys staying at Aqua Palms so much that she keeps asking if we can move there. I tend to agree with her because we always enjoy the stay, it is Ohana.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>greecer
<Content>Basic hotel in good location We stayed here in Oct. 2008 for 5 nights. I booked a city view room after reading here about traffic noise on the diamond head/ocean side. Our 3rd floor room was very quiet. Our room had a very comfortable queen size bed, plus a love seat, table and two chairs, fridge and microwave. The bathroom was very small as others have stated, but it was fine for the 2 of us. The pool was incredibly tiny, I have never seen a smaller hotel pool. Our only complaint was the medicinal/chemical smell in the hot hallways. Not sure what that is from, but they really need to do something about it. And some air conditioning or ventilation of the hallways is needed. Some of the furniture is a little worn and rooms could stand some new wallpaper, but for the price we paid, I didn't expect a lot. All the staff we dealt with was friendly and helpful with the exception of the man at the tour desk, who was rude. The continental breakfast was only open from 7:30-9:00 a.m., so we were only able to take advantage of it 2 days. But the nearby Wailana Coffee House had excellent, reasonable breakfasts, and is open 24 hours a day. The bus stop is right in front of the hotel, and was very convenient for us. Buy the 4 day visitor pass at the ABC store for $20-it was a great deal that allowed us to ride the bus as much as we wanted. We walked around the Hilton Hawaiian Village grounds a few times, and went to their Friday night Kings Jubilee program-recommended! This hotel is a good base to explore Honolulu, but not if you want to be on the beach. It fit our needs just fine.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wizardHilo
<Content>strange place No one mentioned that to unload your family you either go to the parking garage or park on the SIDEWALK outside the hotel. taxis block traffic in the closest lane and unload guests on the STREET for this place. The only ice machine for the ENTIRE HOTEL was on the 3rd floor of the PARKING GARAGE in the open air. the bathroom was so small that the door cleared the toilet seat by only 1.5 inches! impossible for 2 people in there at the same time! loading and unloading car was a pain because we have little children and the parking is tight. sometimes had to unload family, then park in stall.If that doesn't bother you then this hotel is an excellent value: clean, newly redone, even has dishes, frige, and a microwave in room! bed was very comfortable and continental breakfast was nice. but if you have a family, go somewhere else!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>janefromcairns
<Content>okay some postives and negatives       nice room  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	4	1	

<Author>Bright_Skies
<Content>Teeny, tiny room - no view - but very quiet The location was nice with a short walk to both the Ala Moana Shopping center, and central Waikiki. The room was surprisingly quiet, even through the hotel is next to a major thoroughfare. Our room was really small - the king size bed filled up all the available space - so much so that we didn't have room for our two small bags. The elevator is VERY SLOW and used by all the hotel staff, as well as the guests. The staff was indifferent; the business center charged for all services. The cost for parking was $20/day, which seems to be consistant with other Waikiki hotels.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	-1	1	

<Author>darrylpmatthews
<Content>My opinion on our 7 day stay. I will not book any hotel stay without referral to Tripadvisor. This hotel has always been consistantly in or around the top 10 list for hotels in this area.We arrived at the hotel, which is located just across for the Hilton Village, and check-in was not very pleasant. The check-in clerk acted as if he couldn't care less whether we were staying or not.We were told our room was not ready (130pm) so were told to go the Ala Moana Shopping Center. This is about a 10-15min walk. We returned at 245 and our room was now ready. We had paid for a Deluxe Diamond Head view room. The room was of a good size. but the bathroom is very small.As previous reviews state, the ceiling skimming is laughable, and tghe decoration of the room just lacks something. The furniture is wicker style, and doesn't really go. Wall mounted LCD TV nice touch, and a VERY comfortable bed.Balcony small, but could see Diamond Head crater between other buildings. Room service okay. Cleaned well some days, not so well others.There is an Expedia local expert on site, which is handy for booking local trips, but we found him to be rather pushy and was pushing loads of trips onto us when we didn't want them. When we then went back to him to query what we had booked, he was not interested in helping us at all.Front desk staff varied in helpfullness. Some were great, but on the most part, we felt just like a number. We stayed here 7 days, and that feeling did not change throughout.Granted, this is a reasonably priced hotel, and can not be compared to the Hilton or Hyatt, but reading some of the reviews on here, we felt extremely let down and dissappointed with our stay here due to the staff more than anything.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>barbiespice99
<Content>Great value We looked for a hotel under $100 per night, and after reading a lot of reviews on TripAdvisor, decided to try the Aqua Palms and Spa.We were very happy with the accommodation. The free breakfasts were great.The staff are friendly and happy to help out. The hotel is located a little walk out of the main area of Waikiki, but if you are prepared to walk, then there is no problem. The No. 8 bus stops in the street the hotel is located on, so this is handy too.The distance to the Ala Moana shopping centre was good - this is within walking distance as well.I found the traffic noise when the lanai doors were open a little noisy, as the hotel is located on a busy road. Perhaps the back rooms are less noisy? The benefit was the view of Diamond Head and you could see the ocean.Overall, I would be happy to return.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	3	5	5	

<Author>mckinley88
<Content>a great stay...       a view to the pacific  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>ChloeGirlFlorida
<Content>Stay Away from this hotel       Door Frame  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>Tetley69
<Content>The Aqua Palms  The wife and I stayed at the Aqua Palms  Spa in November 2007 on two different occasions...as we broke up our stay on Oahu with a few days on the Big Island. We weren't disappointed in our room or the hotel. It seemed centrally located, the beach right nearby and you can pretty much walk to everywhere you need to go with an abundance of restaurants and so forth all around. As others mentioned, the Hilton resort is right across the street. We're not ones for fancy or over-priced accomodations figuring we're on vacation to be outside and sight see and a room is basically there just to crash in. How others justify spending over $180/nt on a room is beyond me. The Aqua Palms matched an offer I located on another site (cant recall which one off hand) but the price was under $100 and for this hotel, I agree that is suitable. Now some may see as under $100 being a cheap place to stay but I disagree. I especially believe that if you're staying at a hotel for more then 4 nights etc., they should definitely be giving you an amazing deal rather then their posted rated. The pool was fine and I dont see what the big deal is when others complain how small it is. You have the ocean just a short walk away. Need something bigger...there's more water there. :) I was never much into the free complimentary breakfast thing. Breakfast to me is a meal, not just fruit and bread. Its offered tho and for those who like that, its there for the picking. The free hi-speed net access in our room was much appreciated and definitely a selling point. The hotel was clean, the staff was super friendly. The hallways were definitely hot but get to your room and you're getting the a/c so its all good. Never rented a car there as I heard bad things about the parking. But not much need anyhow as the bus is right outside the door and tons of taxis around. Its been awhile but a taxi to the airport I believe cost us around $30. Cheaper riding on the bus and all but I rather get there quicker and a straight trip rather then a bunch of stops along the way. I have plans to go back in July 2009 to Hawaii and if so, I definitely will be contacting the Aqua Palms about staying there once again. If their rates are decent and they're willing to give me a deal for an extended stay, I wouldnt hesitate to stay there once again. Hopefully they recognize and reward repeat guests especially ones who view their hotel favourably.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>BTT
<Content>Mediocre hotle We stayed at the Aqua Palms and Spar for a week to attend an event at the Hilton across street. The decision to stay there is mainly for its proximity to the Hilton, relatively lower price, good reviews from here. However, our experiences at this hotel is at best mediocre. We had a rental car and knew in advance that they (similar to most others) charge $20/night parking. The hotel is located on Ala Moana Blvd, with a narrow (one car width) and invisible parking entrance. Since there is no registration parking, you will have to enter the garage before doing registration. Just call the front desk from the parking entrance and they will open the door. After registration, the room key card will be used to enter but ours never worked. We had to call the front desk every time. There are lot of comments on the tight parking garage. It is no kidding the narrowest parking garage I've ever seen and I live in LA! I can see many marks on the pillars and walls left by drivers not use to a different (rental) vehicle and tight parking spaces. They have three elevators and they are fast. Well, a bit too fast that the door will close after only one person gets in. The second person always has to fight with the door. I booked directly from the Aqua web site and the registration process was smooth and the staff were friendly. However, the keys didn't work for the room and I had to go back to the front desk to get it re-programmed. At the same time their computers crashed and I had to wait 20 minutes for this to be done. Since they DO NOT have air conditioning in the corridor, it's a very long and hot 20 minutes. The hotel is old with small rooms. The bathroom is newly remodeled but is one of the smallest I've seen. There's ventilation fans in the bathroom and the towels are clean and comfortable. The room comes with a microwave oven, a refrigerator and coffee maker. The best part of it is the 42 flat screen TV, but since we're in Hawaii, it was used much. Beside free local phone calls and wired internet, the hotel also provide free continental breakfast. The problem is that it opens at 7:30am and there's always a long line. There's also not much eating area that most people eat by the tiny swimming pool. There's a business center in the small front lobby, but is operated by a separate company. They charge $0.75 per printing page and $.25 per minute using the computer to print. There's not much instruction on the confusing registration process and you're for sure to use it much longer (and be charged more) just to find out how to print. The staff are friendly but not very helpful. Overall, I think this is an average hotel in an average location with average service. The Hilton is about $50/night more expensive but is a much better hotel.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	2	3	2	

<Author>HappyInHawaii08
<Content>Had a Great Time The room we had came with a partial ocean view, a garden view thanks to the Hawaiian Hilton Village and a city view. It was clean, quiet, good size, well equipped and an awesome wall mounted flat-screen TV. We were in a great area centered between entertainment, shopping, eating and beaches. The staff was extremely helpful and courteous. There were smaller rooms in the hotel that would not have been to our liking but we booked the one we wanted and were very pleased. We will likely stay there again on another trip.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>eaglegirl69
<Content>Love aqua palms We have spent a week at the Aqua Palms which was excellent, well located for all amenites within Wakiki but far enough away to be out of the husle and busle. If you are looking for a relaxing hotel away from it all this is it, located across the road from the Hilton Hawaiian Village which you can cut through to the beach access,this beach is not as busy as Wakiki beach. Also well situated to get into Honolulu, on foot (3.5miles) if you like to walk which we do took about 1hour or the tram/bus stops out side every few minutes and costs $2 great for sight seeing as you can go right round the Island on it.The staff were most curtious and friendly and happy to deal with any problems we had even changing our room just after check in as we had booked a twin and had been asigned a double.The Room we had was a twin and was quiet spacous with a fridge, mircowave and untenils all supplied as well as coffee which was replenished on a daily basis. the Lani was just big enough for the table and chairs which enable us to watch the sun go down over the ocean.The only complient was the ongoing renevation which upon returning from a trip one day found a wet paint sticker on our door.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>sdit
<Content>Very well run Hotel. Stayed for 10 nights with my wife and daughter in late September. Had a diamond head view room which was nice. 2 queen beds in the room as ordered and the room was large enough to accomodate them easily. Breakfast was great, although it would have been better if it started a little earlier than the 7:30 am start time to accmmodate some of the early starters. Free coffee and apples in the lobby was a nice touch, as were the Wednesday night managers cocktail night. Speaking of the manager, Kahea runs the place superbly and has a gem of a property here, fantastic position and I would certainly stay here again if I ever get the chance to make the trip to Hawaii from Australia again.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Tymm
<Content>I liked it This was my first trip to Hawaii and it was wonderful! I booked a 7 night stay at the Aqua Palms  Spa based solely on reviews here on tripadvisor. My husband worried a bit that I wouldn't like it because I can be picky at times, but I said I just needed a clean hotel with a decent bed and good shower. Aqua Palms was a great, comfortable stay and met my expectations! The room was a decent size, but on the smaller side and we didn't have the greatest view. I would've asked for a room facing Ala Moana Blvd to get a better view of the water and Diamond Head, but we were satisfied with it. I think that the better view also makes you more susceptible to street noise from what I heard, but not sure on that. I think it's nice that they offer breakfast; they do that as a courtesy and it's basically just muffins, fruit, and juice, but I don't understand other reviews complaining about it when they don't HAVE to provide anything. It was nice to know there were free muffins downstairs every morning. The lobby was nice, clean and cute, nothing fancy. The staff was super friendly as was most everyone we met who lived there -- the bus drivers, the people working on the tours, etc... -- very nice people. Our bed was comfortable, we had internet access, they had nice big LG flat screen TVs mounted on the walls, and the bathroom was new-ish looking and clean. I especially liked that the water pressure in the shower was nice and strong (I've had hotel experiences when the water was too weak). There's coin laundry on the 3rd level too. On the downside (but very minor): the furniture was a little old and worn and the carpet had a few stains. Also, the pool was extremely small, so if you're dying to book a hotel with a great pool this isn't the one for you. The beach was great though and very close by. That's about it though. Despite what other reviews said, I thought the elevators were fine and came fast enough. The hotel also offers a shuttle for $10/person I think to take you to and from the airport so call and ask about that if you need transportation.You can walk across the street to the Hilton for beach access or to eat and shop that their many little shops, walk to your right out of the hotel lobby about 10-15 min to get to Ala moana Shopping Center (a mall) and there's a park, Ala Moana Park, right across from there where we watched the most magnificent sunset. You can rent a car or buy a 4 day unlimited bus pass from ABC for $20. I'm glad I made the choice to stay here.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>Lyra-Belaqua
<Content>This was a great hotel for the price - We'll be back       This photo doesn't do the room justice  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>dagowife
<Content>Comfortable  we stayed a week and had great maid service. The staff was helpful and friendly. The complimentry breakfast is good but would recomment the Wailiana Coffee Shop on the corner. It was great each and every morning. The hotel is within walking distance to the beach, the mall and we would stay again.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>bob092
<Content>great value Stayed for eight days , My wife and myself ,both enjoyed our stay. Good location , just a short walk through the beauitiful parks in the hilton to the best beaches for swimming.The staf were very pleasant to us both . the rooms were cleaned every day. The breakfast was most enjoyable ,each day, meeting different guest each day, around the pool. We traveled all the island ,on our stay ,and it was always pleasent to come back to the hotel.Value for money, i don,t think you can find anything hotel better. regards Bob  Carol. Australia  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>trailblazer_uk2000
<Content>Well positioned for Waikiki.. We found the Aqua Plams  Spa, to be very well appointed for Waikiki, being only a short 5 min walk to the beach. The front desk staff were always helpful. Parking was tight and although expensive @ $18 per day. Breakfast was a little hit  miss and most days we didn't bother. Overall it was an good hotel, reasonably priced and close to local amenities. We would stay here again if visiting Honolulu.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>Idoluv2travel
<Content>Friendly and helpful staff! This is not an upscale hotel, but it is a good value! The beds were quite comfortable. The staff was always friendly and helpful. The pool was very small, but the beach was within walking distance, so this was really not an issue. The continental breakfast was adequate (fresh fruit, muffins, rolls, coffee, tea, juices). Parking was tight,  an additional $18 per day. The construction and traffic were a distraction, but not unbearable. We didn't spend much time at the hotel. We were in Hawaii to see as much of the island as possible, so it was just perfect for us!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>jaylynne
<Content>thank you, we had a great time- honeymoon dear aqua palms  spa- team,you are one of the part, that made our honeymoon so special!so friendly and helpful- just hawaiian-like. ;)our hotelroom was well-appointed and daily cleaned.we really enjoyed our stay with u and looking forward for the next time. ;)mahalo  aloha, guests 1004  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>MS06
<Content>Great Value for Money       Bird at breakfast  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Coltonvic
<Content>Aqua Palms - a big disappointment We stopped over in Hawaii on our way home from the U.S to Sydney at the end of a wonderful 3 week holiday. The Aqua Palms was a huge disappointment after the quality of the hotels we had experienced everywhere else. Not a good note on which to end a fabulous holiday.The premises are old and dingy, the 3 lifts take forever to arrive, the pool is possibly one of the smallest I have ever seen in a hotel and the Palm's location is far away from just about everything. The staff are friendly enough. In spite of struggling to rate as a 3 star property, the spa prices are that of a 4 star hotel, so we didnt bother. For the most part, we used the facilities of the Hilton Hawaiian Village across the road. This seemed to be the norm for many guests and was recommended by other guests who were similarly dismayed at the low quality of the Aqua Palms. It is just not a place that you would want to spend any more time than necessary.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	1	3	3	3	3	

<Author>miniminx3
<Content>Very Friendly Brian was the epitome of the Aloha spirit and a wonderful host of the hotel making our last day and night the perfect end to a lovely holiday. We would definitely return to Aqua Palms and Spa based in large part on Brian's attentive and fun welcome. Thank you!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>cindilouredhat
<Content>Like 4 stars for the price of three I had never been to Hawaii before, so I did my research, including reading reviews on here, and decided to go with Aqua Palms and Spa, for budget reasons, but also because of location. We had mostly stayed in 4 star hotels in the year previous, so we did not expect much, thinking, Hey, we will be in Hawaii. Who will be spending much time in the room anyway? The location, across from Hilton Hawaiian Village gives you fairly easy access to the beach, and it is a lovely walk. You appreciate the shade in August! The only differences we saw from a real 4 star hotel was the lack of a fabulous lobby area (the lobby is modest, but with Hilton Hawaiian Village across the street, and a park right beside that, you feel like the grounds are lush, rather than in the middle of city hustle bustle), no gift shops or restaurants, but the area was packed with more than enough to fill those gaps. There were at least 3 ABC Stores within a block if you needed anything at all, from an aspirin to souvenirs. The room was really lovely, more than comfortable. When we got there (no wait to register!) they told us that the bargain room we had reserved was not ready yet, but if we wanted, we could upgrade for $25 a night to a room with a partial ocean view and balcony plus better sleeping accomodations, so we asked to see the room first. I fell in love. The view was from Diamond Head to the beach in front of Hilton Hawaiian Village. We could have sat out on that balcony for all 5 days and it would have been worth it! We loved all the people there, especially the concierge who helped us with our tickets to the Polynesian Cultural Center, and the gal that upgraded our room. The microwave and refrig. in the room came in handy with those restaurant left overs! The flatscreen TV was also a nice surprise. We will definitely go back, and next time, we will request that room!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LavenderSachets
<Content>Honolulu - Aqua Palms and Spa       Looking North to Diamond Head  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>luvtoy
<Content>Very pleased @ Aqua Palms My little girl  I stayed @ the Aqua Palms  Spa on 9/14 - 9/19, it was wonderful. The room was a nice size with clean and comfortable beds, balcony  nice size flat screen television, counter top, fridge, microwave, separated from bedroom, continental breakfast every morning, poolside, and all the staff were very accommodating.Most importantly the beach is located across the street from Aqua Palms  on the main road la Mona Blvd?which is conveniently accessible to public transportation!!!!Mahalo Keloa  Mark  All Staff  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>FrutaAcai
<Content>Best Cap Nap Money Can Buy We recently returned from a gorgeous stay at the Palms. At first, I was rather sceptical because we did only pay $440 for five nights and 6 days....however the staff's great personality, terrifically comfortable beds dazzled us. We didn't want to leave the room.Yes, I highly recommend this hotel...and I am stickler on Hotels. However, the location was also a plus. Down the street from a relaxed 24/7 coffee house; across from Hilton Village, where you can enjoy a great gourment $22 per person breakfast buffet and right behind Hilton you'll find the beautiful Wakiki beach. Also from Aqua Palms Spa Hotel you are only less than a 10 minute walk from Ala Mona Mall...a great place to shop; wind down; and say yes....I have truly made it!!!! Dont forget to get a Lomi Lomi massage from the best The Massage Way, Inc. {-------}.fortunately they are located in the Wailana Building right down the street from Aqua Palms (although Aqua has spa services, I found The Massage Way, Inc. to my liking).During your stay in Honlulu, I recommend you visit Pearl Harbor and get the inner circle city tour (you get to visit Sunset Beach and it's spectacular). Also, you should definitely participate in a Luau....but don't get the $125 package because it's not worth it. The food is not very good but, boy, oh boy, the show is electrifiying. Also, please remember the drinks tend to be watered down and the pina coloda/lava drinks taste like my little brother made it. What made up for it was the lively bus ride w/ our tour guides....they are full of great historical knowledge, wonderful comedians, and overall make you feel like you really experienced a new side of life. Not to mention....having the pleasure to return to our lovely room also added a special smile...as I stated before the service of the staff is bar none and the rooms are comfortable. One of the staffers even came to the room to sing happy birthday....now that's going above and beyond!!!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JDinAlameda
<Content>My hotel in Honolulu I recently spent a week in Honolulu and had a wonderful time. The hotel I chose after reading reviews on Tripadvisor was the Acqua Palms. The hotel is centrally located and very comfortable. My room was large and the bathroom had a large counter to spread my stuff out on. The staff was super helpful with first timer questions. The Tripadvisor site is a great tool to research trips. Thanks!JD in Alameda, CA  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>boznez
<Content>Nice stay Right outside of Waikiki so it's less crowded. Hotelroom was great. Enough space with complimentary bathrobes, magnetron, fridge. The pool is not that big though and is affected by a lot of street noise (cars and building activities across the street at the Hilton). Beach is like 5-10 minute walk so that's no biggie. We used the beach in front of the Hilton and that was less crowded. We did walk to Waikiki 15-30 minutes away from hotel and the beaches over there are way more crowded with surfers and what not. Hotel is not far from the beaches and shops of Waikiki and the Ala Moana Mall. The front desk was helpful and did that with a smile. On our trip we also visited New York so the attitude of the Hawaiians were much more appreciated by us.The complimentary breakfast was not that big of a deal. mini croissants, muffins, fruit, coffee or juice and that's it. breakfast was served at a room next to the pool. Not much room to sit so we brought our breakfast to our room on those little plates that would fit 2 mini croissants and 1 muffin.anyways we had a great stay. not that luxurious as the hilton, but just decent.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>simonb77
<Content>lovely hotel We have just returned from our honeymoon in honolulu and loved every minute. The hotel was perfect for us. The room we stayed in was average size and had a great view over the city and diamond head and also had a partial sea view.The location was also perfect its within walking distance of everything in waikiki and ala moana shopping center, the only time we used a bus was to go to pearl harbour and the bus stop is just out the front of the hotel.We had a fantastic time in honolulu and the hotel and all the staff made it even better.We would like to thank all the staff at the hotel for making us feel very welcome and will stay there next time we visit honolulu.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>goldsgymrat
<Content>Aqua Palms was awesome We got this great deal on NWA's website, 5 nights  6 days in Oahu for only $599 per person. The price included roundtrip airfare from SFO to HNL and the entire stay at the hotel. When we arrived at Aqua Palms, I was pretty impressed with their lobby. They had a sign in the lobby indicating that there was a special on massages at the hotel for $69 for one hour. You can't beat that! After checking in at the front desk, they gave us 2 bottles of water. Our room was a decent size that included a large bed, sofa, work desk, flat screen TV (oh yea!), microwave, fridge, iron, ironing board, hair dryer. Our room was cleaned each day. There is a free continental breakfast every morning from 7:30a-9:30a (muffins, fruit, fruit drinks, croissants) that was located near the pool area. I would definitely stay at this hotel again!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ChloeFlagstaff_AZ
<Content>So-so Well, it could have been worst, of course. But I was expecting a bit more...The 1 st room they booked me in was completely unleveled (referred as the Circus room by the staff!) !! Fruits rolled off the desk, I'm not kidding you! Asked for another room.. The staff was nice enough to help me out with a slightly better room. Fairly leveled this time but with a strong moldy smell...Oh well. I just needed a place to crash and put my bags for 3 days so it did work for me. However, if you're planning a nice resort-like holiday where you wish to spend time in the hotel, i would make sure you're booking one fo their highest rate room (don't use Hotwire/Priceline). Also, this hotel is a bit far from all the action that Waikiki has to offer, but the location doesn't offer a peaceful environment either...Therefore, I think that action seekers/quiet travelers will all be disappointed by this location. Parking is 18$/day, yikes!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Colin_Sarnia
<Content>Amazing value, highly recommended! I recently stayed at the Aqua Palms and Spa, for 1 week at the start of September. I chose this property entirely due to the reviews here at Trip Advisor and the price. And let me say, Trip Advisor did not steer me wrong in the least. It was great.So, now, a bit more in depth:Check-InCheck in was at 3pm, and I arrived from the Airport at 3:15pm. Check in was completed quickly and easily, with very friendly service. They also provided two free bottles of water, which was a nice touch.The RoomI had a room with a king bedroom, and a normal city view. The view was nothing special, but I certainly didn't expect it to be, so no problem there. As for the room itself, the bed was cleanly made up, with lots of fairly soft pillows. I found it to be a comfy sleep. There was a 42 LCD mounted on the wall, which was gorgeous. There was quite a bit of storage space available in the room, if needed. A nice touch I thought was the addition of a microwave and mini-fridge. So if you are on a very tight budget, you can definitely keep food costs down by eating in your room, if you so wish. They also provided plates and utensils in the room. The room was well lit, and the desk had the free wired internet connection. The bathroom was in good condition, with a good counter-top, though I found the lighting to be a little darker, especially when in the shower. There were 3 towels to be used when I arrived, and they were changed daily.ServiceRoom cleaning and service was done very well. No complaints, the sheets were changed, the towels replaced, and the shampoo/soaps constantly updated as necessary. They appeared to get my room cleaned from about 10-1pm.The BeachWhat many people come for, Waikiki Beach. The Aqua Palms is not directly on the beach, though it is across from the Hilton Hawaiian village. This is where personal preference comes into play. The HHV beach is about a 7-10 minute walk, which is great. However, I was not overly fond of their beach itself. The sand isn't overly soft, there is a lot of (not sharp, but not pleasant) rocks in the water, and there is very little in the way of waves or interest from the ocean itself. However, it is fairly quiet, peaceful, and would be a better area for kids I would think than further south. For myself though, I far more enjoyed the area further south, specifically at the Sheraton area where the Sheraton folks have reserved chairs near the beach wall walk. The sand was far softer, there were very few rocks in the water (though there are still patches), and there were waves to play in, if you enjoy that kind of thing. This part of Waikiki beach was a further 5-10 minute walk from HHV, and I made it several times since I found it much more enjoyable. There were no huge, rowdy crowds or anything like that, but then again, I was there in the offseason. Still, either spot has it's pluses and minuses, it will depend on what you like (calm and quiet, though lesser sand, or waves and soft sand, but busier).Location (Other than relative to the beach)If you don't mind a little walking, the Aqua Palms is in a pretty good location, but more in a jack of all trades, master of none kind of way. It's a 10-15 minutes walk to the main Waikiki area, due to the more northern location, but at the same time, that puts you closer to the Ala Moana Center /or Ward Center, if you wish to head up there. It's about a 10 minute walk to the Ala Moana Center, another 10 to get to Ward. There are several buses that stop nearby that can also shuttle you around as needed. They run frequently and can take you all over Honolulu as needed. There is food surrounding the hotel, including a diner next door that is 24 hours, so there are options nearby, though wandering may be in order to try different places each night. Check OutCheck out was at 12 noon. No problems at all, took all of 2 minutes and I was done. They provided me with free baggage storage while I toured around a bit on my last day. Very clean and smooth.Other AmenitiesBreakfast - Free cold breakfast is provided, but I didn't have a chance to partake in it. It runs from 7:30-9:30am and I was usually out the door by 7am, though reading other reviews, it doesn't sound like I missed much. Still, good to have, again especially if you are on a budget.Internet - The free in room high speed internet was fast and responsive, no down time noticed. There was also free wireless in the lobby. Finally, there is a business center (2 computers and a printer) in the lobby as well, and can be used for a cost. Parking - Did not use, but as others have mentioned, it's $18/day.Phone - Free local calls, used without issueAll in all, for what you pay, it is amazing the quality of hotel that you get. Rooms are likely 1/2 - 1/4 the price of HHV, and you get a huge array of services (and can use the restaurants in HHV if you so choose, though they are overpriced). I very happily saved my $75+ a day to make the extra 10 minute walk each way. Very highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>skyline22usa
<Content>Great stay except someone stole from me Everything you read here is true. We stayed for 2 weeks.Location: Best, away from Waikiki, close to Ala Moana and walk across the street to the beach. Love to just walk across the street to Hilton Village. Room: Best part of the room is the new TV, microwave and complimentary coffee, nice quality towels, big shower (without a door, the curtain is kind of gross), bed is not comfortable. As a matter of fact, the floor is not flat. I am not kidding. You can feel it when you walk around the room. So I put a bunch of phone books under the mattress to level my side of the bed. Very weird.Very quiet the whole time. Didn't hear any noise from neighbors or service people. Good sound proofing. I am glad we didn't upgrade our room because it was so hot out there, I didn't really feel like sitting on the balcony. There wasn't much of a view anyway. Most people use the balcony to dry their wet clothes. Not worth the money.Breakfast: Nice. Good enough to start the morning.Pool: Small. didn't look inviting. I have a much nicer pool at home. But someone (I think it was the maid) took my lipstick. I know that because I only brought one lipstick and I always left it in my bathroom vanity bag. I noticed that it was missing the day the crew came in to install the new plasma TV. I think it was the maid. We talked to the management. The maid denied. What could we do? Not worth ruining our trip over a lipstick, right?Overall I would stay here again because it is honestly the best 3 star hotel in Honolulu. They try everything to stay competitive.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>dcvdickens
<Content>Lovely hotel, well located, terrible breakfast.       The pool.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	5	5	1	

<Author>CanadianTraveller100
<Content>Great location, low rates I stayed in this hotel in August for 2 nights, together with my mom and brother. The most I like about the hotel is its location. Across the street from Hilton Village, you get the best location with much lower rates. It's only about 5-10 min walk to the Waikiki beach, and it is close to shopping, restaurants, and fast-food stores (if you cannot afford more expensive restaurants.) The hotel room also has a fridge and a microwave, so you can really save money on food if you want to. The plates and bowls also came handy. It also offers complementary continental breakfast, and free Internet access. There is also coin-laundry facility. You really get the most value out of it. The only thing I don't like about it is the moldy smell in the lobby.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	4	5	3	

<Author>chocolatefriend
<Content>Great location and friendy helpful staff ! For my 4th visit to Hawaii I stayed for 2 weeks Aug. 7-21 as a solo traveller and paid $85 a night through www.vrbo.com. so it was booked as a private room as some are owned like condos. Had a view to ocean and then to Diamond Head.Lobby is clean welcoming with free daily newspaper and at one stage I saw a basket of apples as well as free tea and coffee ! On the desk ,I believe Mark is his name, was great as they don't have to assist people in private rooms like I had but he did as 1. my luggage didn't arrive 2. my check in was a bit wierd and then on the last day the shuttle didn't arrive so he called them and then a cab. Every other day always smiling and a hello ! Roberto, the Expedia agent is the BEST and he loves choc chip cookies from the Doubletree up the road and he got me a great deal so he got the warm choc chip cookie as a thank you !Didn't use pool, carpark, ice machine, spa facilities, free breakfast or laundry sorry can't comment.Road construction not their fault either is HHV construction across the road but on the 10th floor you still hear it but hey you get used to it esp if you are a city dweller ! Ala Moana Blvd is a very busy road ! I saw 40inch LG screens beng unloaded, location is 10-15mins walk t Ala Moana and 20 to center of Waikiki (best along beach cutting through HHV). Sit in the cafes at HHV if you want resort feel w/out price.Great 24 hour Wailana diner next door. Lifts ok and longest wait was 5 mins at 11.30am there are 3 of them. Corridors are stuffy but again don't sweat the small stuff esp at the great price ! Internet in lobby is 25c a minute with $5 minimum so if you don't take laptop to make use of free internet access in your room this is your option.See trip report in the forum !If the hotel has Airline crew staying there is has to be good ! I enjoyed it and 2 weeks is a long time in Paradise!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lemans70
<Content>Oh what a staff!!!! All hotels are just bldgs, it's the people that make or brake the success of your stay. Aqua Palms has Mark, Stella, Berna, Sergio, Eric and all the employees that make it a 5 star location. I tried to keep the costs down because my daughter was getting married at the Halle Koa but I didn't want to sacrifice comfort. Aqua was a great decision on our part. We brought others over from other hotels and condos up to six rooms and 2 nights at the Penthouse. Mark was again the important cog in the wheel. He went above and beyond by recommending restaurants, cheap transportation, less expensive sites including a certain flea market and actually secured pastries for my daughter wedding functions. I actually saw him sweat once that week. These people turned the Aqua into a Halekalani 5 star resort. Thank you all and we will be back.Stop and see us in Chicago and I will wait on you for a change.Jerry  Kathy Gillotti8-13 to 8-20- 08  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hptorres
<Content>Good Hotel, Good Location, Great Staff        View of pool from our room on the 11th floor.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>kazHuntValley
<Content>great place to stay! My family stayed for 5 nights in a one bedroom suite with a full kitchen on the top floor. We decided on the aqua after researching condo rentals in waikiki. This was much more affordable. Having the kitchen was so helpful, since we have two children and could make our own breakfasts and lunches. The lanai was large and the room very clean. The walmart was a quick drive away, to stock up on groceries and other supplies. The beach in front of the Hilton, a short walk away, and water was calm for the kids. There was also a coin laundry on the 2nd floor, which was crucial for us since this was the second week of a 3 week vacation. The only problem we had was there was a girls soccer team staying in the next room that would get loud late at night.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>omaralexys
<Content>One of the best hotel I have ever experience       Roberto and Mark thanks again  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DoDDSTravelingteach
<Content>A good, solid hotel at a reasonable (for Waikiki) price. This was the second time I've stayed at the Aqua Palms, the only Waikiki hotel I've repeated at (except the Hale Koa- Military only) in 14 trips Hawaii. Rooms are fine, clean (watch for ants), staff is friendly. Free internet is a real plus - why don't the more expensive hotels get this???? Lourdes, our chambermaid was great. We spent three weeks here this time, which meant a good deal of time in the room - and this is a good room to spend time in - new flat screen TV (right in time for the Olympics), microwave and fridge, couch. The pool below was a bit noisy, and the street repairs were as well, but that's not the fault of the hotel. Elevators are a bit slow and the parking is too expensive, but it is always available and the size of the spaces is reasonable. No on-site food (except slim continental breakfast) but the coffee shop next door is home style and always open. When we stayed at Christmas with 3 people, the room was a bit tight, but for two it was fine.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>financialguy
<Content>The guest does come first The perfect atmosphere when you are traveling. Every employee of the hotel treats the guest like they are their only. Clean and big are the rooms. All amenities and necessities are provided and Aqua does not nickel and dime you to death.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>newlyweds87
<Content>wonderful hotel! We stayed at the Aqua palms and spa for 7 days to celebrate our honeymoon and we enjoyed every single moment of our vacation. The staff at the hotel were pleasant, helpful and polite all the time. The activities planner was exceptional and made suggestions that made our trip even more enjoyable. The rooms are clean and the hotel comes with every amenity that one would need. There is a free continental breakfast everymorning that was just enough to start the day. The convenience of the spa within the hotel was perfect-we definitely enjoyed our massages!!! The location of the hotel is at the end of the main strip so you do have to walk but it is right across from the Hilton Village so you really can't get much better than that. I recommend this hotel to traveller's who want a great, clean place to stay with nice staff and who are looking for a good deal on a hotel.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bobster
<Content>As Always......Fantastic!!! What can you say about the Aqua Palms that has'nt already been said? It really is the best place to stay in waikiki.Since we travel from australia we choose to stay in a privately owned unit.That way when we get there we avoid the lines at check in and go straight up to our room(the key has been sent a week prior to arrival) You also avoid the time delay with checking in as normal check in is at 2pm and we arrive at 7am.Our host lives on Oahu and really shows the Aloha Spirit. We stayed at the Aqua Palms for 3 weeks and had 3 weeks of FREE parking thrown in with the deal.....say it with me...FREE.....that's a word you don't hear much today.A month before we arrived Eugenia sent out heaps of brochures and magazines on the goings on in waikiki....how good is that!!My wife and I just love the Aqua Palms....this is our 5th year running and we'll go back again next year.This is not a resort hotel but just a great place to stay in waikiki. If you would like to contact Eugenia direct and work out your own deal you can contact me directly at bobcan99@yahoo.com.au.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kjs6241
<Content>Hidden Gem Stayed 2 nights in a larger chain hotel in the heart of Waikiki before my two nights at Aqua Palms, which was just at the beginning of Waikiki, across street from the massive Hilton Hotel Village. Very pleased with excellent service and truly boutique feel of the Aqua Palms, 1850 Ala Moana. I would say this boutique hotel gives the larger chain a run for its money. AP is near a fantastic local breakfast spot where just as many locals as tourists wait for as long as it takes to eat there -- and it is well worth the wait. Just take a 3 minute walk east and you'll find it. You'll also find the prices very affordable.Also, Roy's is located street level of the AP and is a terrific place to dine, inside for more formal or outside for a casual romantic, island experience. On the next block, practically next door, is another coffee deli and cafe, however, it serves up a full menu for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Across the street is a Thai restaurant that I recommend. If you want a serve yourself, all you can eat buffet style restaurant, I recommend Todai's, upstairs, street access, from the Thai restaurant.After saying all this, I want to reiterate the Aqua Palms is clean with recently refurbished rooms. That is, the one I stayed in on the 11th floor was quite nice and quiet with doors shut. A small balcony was just that, small, but room enough for a small table and two chairs. Partial city view was that of a parking lot and run down apartments in the forefront and taller buildings in the background. This was okay since I didn't spend a whole lot of time on the balcony as I was out and about. Free daily Continental breakfast is on 2nd floor, next to outdoor pool with a nice view of street and shops below. For the very affordable price, less than $90 per night total, comfortable, clean and quiet room(s), great location, friendly, efficient staff, I highly recommend the Aqua Palms and Spa!KS, Saint Charles, IL  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>micmm
<Content>Hotel with flaws My girlfriend and I stayed four nights at the Aqua Palms and Spa in the end of July 2008. Upon arrival we where shown to a room with two queen beds, even though we had ordered a King bed. After complaining about this we where shown to a other room, with only one queen bed?? o we went back to the first room assigned, and had to stay in a room different from what we had booked. The Hotel staff where not very helpful in this situation.The room itself was nicely equipped, but the cleaning was very bad. The breakfast was way below average, and we found bad/damaged fruits in the basket several times.The location of the hotel is very good, and it is close to the beach, shopping and dinning. o this is the reason why we give it two stars.Bottom line, Even though it is a good location for a reasonable price, I don think we will be come to this hotel in the future.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>lvanmers
<Content>A mixed bag We heard about the Aqua Palms and Spa from the Hawaii For Dummies book. Hotels in Honolulu, particularly Waikiki Beach, can be pricey, so we booked a room after reading some Trip Advisor reviews. The best mainland comparison to this hotel would be The Hampton Inn chain. This hotel was more upscale than, say, Motel 6 or Red Roof Inn, but it wasn't a Hilton. It basically lived up to our expectations. We got a nice room for a reasonable price and it was in a good location. There is a continental breakfast included with the cost of the room, although the food selections were somewhat paltry. There was a bowl of apples, oranges, and bananas and two plates of muffins. We had a nice lanai included with our room, but be aware that there is currently construction going on both on Ala Moana Blvd., on which the hotel is located, and across the way at the Hilton Hawaiian Village. The hotel pool is tiny, but you are located a very short walk from the beach. The elevators need some work. They are slow and small and the doors close very quickly. The bathroom in the room was very small. There was some gunk on the headboard of our bed, which kind of grossed me out. It was hot in the hallways, but we saw a sign posted in the elevators that the hotel is working on that issue. We got very good massages for a very reasonable price ($65 for a one hour massage) in the spa. I put spa in quotes since it is just a hotel room with two massage tables, so don't expect a fancy atmosphere. Overall, a good value, a clean, comfortable room, but it's not the Ritz. It pretty much delivers what it says it will, and not a bit more.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	2	4	3	2	

<Author>Akaggie
<Content>Great Hotel with Great Service We stayed in this hotel during the 1st week of July, 2008. The hotel is great, incredible service with all you can eat breakfast. It is one block from the beach and shopping. We will stay there for our next trip.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>turquoiselvr
<Content>great location The location of this hotel is great! We have stayed there with and without a car. If we don't want to do everything together it is easy for us to go our separate ways and connect back up. The staff was also very friendly and the hotel very clean!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>irishmm
<Content>comfy bed, good value for money I just returned from a 2-night stay in Honolulu, at the Aqua Palms. I booked this hotel based on generally good ratings on Tripadvisor. Overall, for a base cost of $90.00 per night (AARP or AAA rate on the hotel's website), the hotel was a good deal for Honolulu. Add $18.00 per day for secure parking under the hotel (still a good deal for Honolulu). I liked the parking, and didn't mind paying, in order to have a car available. Unless you plan on staying/walking around only in crowded, hectic Waikiki (and you really shouldn't), a car is a good investment on the Island.The room was really clean, with a unique, colorful Island decor. Not fancy, but it made me smile. The pillow top bed was made for getting a good night's sleep - very nice. I also thought my room, at the end of a hall (no balcony/lanai, though many rooms have them) was quiet; I heard nothing that kept me awake from any direction. One welcome source of music from outside my room was the chirping of a friendly mynah bird that came back often during my stay, perching on the adjacent balcony (did I mention that I didn't have a balcony? --- and wished I did! --- next time).I was told on booking that with an AARP rate, I was eligible for an upgrade, based on availability. When I arrived at the hotel, the clerk seemed surprised to hear about this (I had it in writing, as part of my reservation confirmation). She told me no upgrade was available, unfortunately. A box of macadamia candy was given to soothe my distress. Ah, well. Overall, the hotel was a good deal for the price, a tradeoff for being on or closer to the beach. I felt safe and welcomed generally by the hotel staff. If you want a fancy pool or other facilities, be prepared to spend more money...quite a bit more, probably. If you want a clean, quiet place to sleep in between exploring the amazing sights, smells, and sounds of Oahu, this should more than fit the bill.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>HenryRoot
<Content>Nice room on 11th floor       Wedding on the beach  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>boatdaze
<Content>Outstanding Value My wife and I stayed at the Aqua Palms and Spa for 7 nights in mid-June 2008, and found this property offers an outstanding value for budget minded Waikiki visitors. We had a room with the recently upgraded bed/bedding and flat-screen television. This is added to the walkout lanai, free in-room internet (wired), refrigerator, and microwave. All of the staff we encountered were friendly to us during our stay; and the manager, Ms. Kahea Doss, personally hosted a get-together by the pool on Wednesday afternoon. She also uses the reviews on this site as a tool to improve her hotel. The hotel is directly across Ala Moana Blvd. from Hilton Hawaiian Village (HHV) and the adjacent Hale Koa Military Resort, which share one of the better stretches of beach in Waikiki. The walk from the hotel to the beach is about 5 minutes, and there are several accesses to the beach through HHV. Military connected visitors can also use many of the Hale Koa facilities and parking garage ($7 daily). Aqua Palms and Spa is also within easy walking distance (about 5 minutes in the other direction) to the Ala Wai Marina, Ala Moana Beach Park, and Ala Moana Shopping Center. These are locations where locals and visitors both go, and present a more realistic view of Honolulu life than does touristy Waikiki.The downsides we found are generally related to Honolulu being a big city. The traffic is heavy on Ala Moana Blvd., and there is presently construction going on at HHV and on the utilities that run along the center of Ala Moana Blvd.. Both of these projects look like the noisy phases should be completed soon. The construction noise doesn get started until about 8:00 AM through about 5:00 PM, but late/light sleepers should consider asking for a room on the Ewa-side of Aqua Palms and Spa. Also, as it is in most of Waikiki, the parking at the hotel is tight and expensive ($18 daily).  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>wonderfulMaui
<Content>excellent service It was the first time we stayed at Aqua Palms in room 924 and we were very impressed of there services. The employees were very friendly and helpful from Front Desk agent, Bellman to Housekeepers. Although the floor we were staying was under renovation, it did not bother us. My husband and I also enjoyed there continental breakfast. It was very convenient. Every morning till we checked out we had breakfast there by the pool. My son also enjoyed the pool. Lastly, I would like to mention 2 of your employees who made our stay more memorable. Their names are Francisca T. and Nori. There experiences showed how well and detailed they are when they serviced our room. They both really did an excellent service from the day we arrived on 7/2 till we checked out on 7/6/08. We enjoyed and looking forward of returning to stay at the Aqua Palms and will also recommend it to my family and friends.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CatMagnet2
<Content>Convenient and friendly       Room view from the entryway  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>carronuwe6183
<Content>Great Anniversary       Diamond Head from our lanai  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bkwtraveller
<Content>Best value in Waikiki If you're looking to stay in a resort right on Waikiki Beach, this ain't it -- that would be found directly across the street at the Hilton Hawaiian Village. Of course, if you're looking to spend about a *third* of the cost of a Hilton room, and you don't mind walking all of two minutes to get to the beach, the Aqua Palms offers about the best value in Waikiki.I think that's why this hotel has been so favorably reviewed by most of my fellow travellers. The Aqua Palms doesn't pretend to be the fanciest hotel in Honolulu. What it does is promise a decent room for a decent price, and it delivers on that promise. We paid $85 a night for four nights, and got exactly what we wanted -- a clean, comfortable, decent room.I asked the front desk, and the hotel itself was purchased by Aqua just over two years ago. It appeared to me that they were doing their updates and renovations in stages. In our room, the bathroom looked to be 100% brand new -- shower, toilet, sink, etc. all appeared to have been just recently installed. Likewise, the appliances (microwave, mini-fridge) looked quite new. The rest of the room was more dated. The sheets, blankets, and bedspread seemed new, but the rest of the sleeping area was decades old. So, the furniture and bed itself and especially the decor all were in acceptable condition, but were more than a little tired looking. No idea if the bathrooms were their first stage of renovations and the sleeping area the next stage planned, but I'd speculate so.The location was just perfect for us, toward the northwest end of Waikiki Beach. From the hotel's lobby, we could turn right to walk to the Ala Moana shopping center, with 250 stores and restaurants. Or we could turn left and head toward the upscale shops or the International Market with their fun open air shops and booths. Or we could head straight across the street to the beach to relax. And when we got tired of Honolulu, we rented a car from the local rental place just nextdoor (Paradise rentals) and spent a day driving around Oahu.The front desk staff was quite friendly and incredibly helpful, suggesting fun activities and providing useful information about getting around town.So, bottom line -- could we have had a fancier room? Absolutely, but I'd be surprised if we could have found anything much nicer for anything less than double the price we paid!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>catbedwell
<Content>Aqua Palms Stay The front desk staff was very friendly. The unit was very clean and well taken care of. The only suggestion I have is that the hallways be upgraded, re-furbished.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	3	4	

<Author>PASTACARA
<Content>good value and location Stayed 4 nights in June and we were very satisfied.For a very reasonable price compared to other hotels in Hawaii we got a good sized, spotlessly clean,comfortable room on the 11th floor.There are few amenities (the pool is tiny) but the hotel is in a very convenient location and the staff were friendly and efficient. Didn't take the free continental breakfast but ate at the coffee shop next door and also had an evening meal there. It is excellent value and to be recommended. One can walk to Aloha Moana mall in about 12 mins. but there is a bus stop a a few yards to the right of the entrance that will take you there. (if using buses ask the driver for a transfer ticket when paying and use this ticket on your next ride,you then get 2 for the price of 1 journeys).You can change buses at the station outside Aloha Mall and ride right around the Island for 2-3 bucks. There is a McDonalds and Red Lobster 3 mins.walk to the right of the hotel as you leave.Ask the hotel for the best firm for transfers to the airport when you leave Tthe company we used (Roberts) was 45 mins. late picking us up!.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Duke32
<Content>Loved the Aqua Palms The staff (especially Mark) was extremely helpful and friendly. The location was perfect for our needs. The room was beautiful.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bjbHawaii
<Content>perfect in every way upon arrival we were checked in promptly...the front desk was a little busy checking in other guests, but we were not delayed long. the staff was friendly and helpful. very professional. the room was clean and fresh..the bed was comfy even the sofa bed! we were not bothered by any unnecessary noise, but we were right next to the elevator, and our lanai lacked privacy.. as it was just glass between us and the other guests..actually, we were people watching...had a few laughs when we were spied!. the hotel was quiet, but one nite the neighbors were up pretty late and being loud, so we called down and security came up and took care of that in a very kind way.. the other guests went to sleep, and i think it was all quiet till the morning...after all it is hawaii, and there is so much to enjoy.. the hotel is located next to a wonderful restaurant, family style with a big menu. breakfast line was long, and it moved fast. there were other places to eat close by that were very good. we did not lack for food. the room had a small refrigerator and microwave, which suited us well. the morning offered a continental breakfast...which was plentiful with newspapers provided and small seating area near the pool...which we enjoyed..the afternoon was quite nice, and the pool area altho small was well maintained.all in all we had a perfect stay! would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>konahorn
<Content>Loved the Aqua Palms       View from our room (#704)  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lozzy1976
<Content>Choose this hotel if you don't need any rest! We stayed in another Aqua hotel in Honolulu a few nights before we checked in at the Palms and it was the noisiest place we have ever stayed. So, with this in mind, when we checked in to the Palms, we asked for a quiet room if possible. The lady on the desk said she understood and for $25 dollars extra per night we could 'upgrade' to a room that would have a balcony and be on a nice, quiet floor. We took the offer, and were happy with the room, until 7:50a.m. the next morning when drilling and banging began on the room next door to us. It sounded like the workers were about to knock a hole in the wall and join us in bed.When we looked in the hallway there were workers everywhere and most of the guest room doors were open with workers going in and out.I complained to the front desk and said why are we paying 25 extra dollars for a quiet room? I was told its not for a quiet room, but for the type of room. I said move us to a regular room and he said no because the hotel was full and we couldn't have our money back either. Add to that 18 dollars a night to park your car too by the way. I would not recommend this hotel or this chain to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	3	4	1	1	3	

<Author>Juandah
<Content>Met our requirements and good value We had an overnight stay at the Aqua Palms before an early morning flight the next day. I appreciate that reviewing a hotel on the basis of a somewhat rushed overnight stay may not do justice to it, as there is no time to use the range of facilities, and little time to interact with staff.However, we were satisfied with the hotel, particularly as we got a great internet rate. Location was fine for us as we were without a car - walking to the beach, the Ala Moana Shopping Centre, local restaurants was easy. Also being at the western end of Waikiki made it a quicker journey each way to the airport.We were glad to use the baggage storage while our room was being made ready and found the service was good. Our internet special offered a free upgrade and chocolates - the chocolates we got only after reminding them, and the 'upgrade' they appeared to have forgotten about, as what we were eventually offered after reminding the staff was not really an upgrade at all.The room size was fine for two people, we had a room facing the street with an 'around the corner' small view of the sea. It was clean and comfortable, with internet access. The air conditioning was quite old and noisy. The kitchenette facilities were handy. Some parts of the room (eg ceilings, walls) looked like they were in the process of being re-painted, as there were visible touch up points here and there, ready for the final coat of paint. This gave the room a depressing feel.We did not partake of breakfast as it was scheduled too late for us - and I'd recommend that with the number of early morning departures for Australia now occurring from Honolulu, perhaps the Aqua Palms could accommodate these travellers a little better.These are not major issues though. Our stay was perfectly adequate.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	2	-1	4	

<Author>LawandWater
<Content>Just okay My husband had a conference at the Hilton Hawaiian Village and we went 5 days early and decided to stay at the Aqua Palms for those 4 nights. Big mistake! It looked nice on the website, and it isn't bad, but we are used to staying at nice resorts and we really wished we had just booked at the Hilton for the entire time. There is no pool to speak of at the Aqua Palms, the elevators are very slow, and the continental breakfast was totally lame. The breakfast is set up in a small room off of the pool area, and it consists of a bowl of bananas and a bowl of mediocre muffins. You can barely get in and out of the room and there is no place to sit. There is construction going on across the street at the Hilton, and we could hear every sound. (Interestingly, we could not hear it during our stay at the Hilton, guess the insulation is better there). The bed was one of the most uncomfortable we have slept on and we travel a lot. On the up side, it is an easy walk to Waikiki and it was clean. If you aren't a hotel snob (like I am), and you are literally just going to be at the hotel to sleep, it is a good value.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>travelfanIowa
<Content>Enjoyed staying here I'm just getting around to writing a review but we stayed here for six nights beginning Feb. 28. This hotel had been recommended to us by a friend and since the reviews seemed mixed we wondered if we were making a good choice. It turned out to be excellent. Yes, the room was small but certainly large enough for two people and the bathroom was extremely large which is very nice. It was all exceptionally clean as well. We enjoyed the breakfast and eating it out by the pool. We had asked for a lower floor which we got and did not have any elevator problems. The front desk staff was always friendly and helpful. We were pleasantly surprised at just how close it was to the Hilton and did enjoy their grounds, shops and restaraunts. We also walked to other areas of Waikiki to enjoy dining, shopping and the ocean. We had a rental car and do agree that parking is a little snug but we used the car for something each day we were there and had no trouble getting in or out or having a place to park. This is an excellent place to stay if you are not looking to spend big dollars on a room that you use mostly to sleep and bathe. We thought it was a great value for the price and would not hesitate to stay here again if the opportunity presents itself.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>OntarioJackson
<Content>Aqua Palms, great customer service We had a wonderful stay at this hotel, made much more so by the contrast to its sister hotel the Aqua Coconut also in Honolulu.From the time we arrived, we were treated as guests by Mike. We arrived after a long overseas, overnight flight from Sydney and were travel-weary but it was still only 10:30 am local time and our room wasn't ready yet. Mike stored our luggage for us, suggested where we could eat and took us up to the pool area so that we could relax until our room was ready.The pool area was very nice, our room was great and the location was walking distance from the beach.Mark, the daytime manager was friendly, helpful and also pleasant making our short stay a good experience.I would surely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Honolulu.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lazygal
<Content>Perfect Stay For Our Needs       King Bed/sorry about the mess  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SunshineLongBeach
<Content>Great Hotel, Great people, Great location! This place is awesome! The staff is beyond helpful, right in the middle of all the action in Waikiki. Great free breakfast every morn. I had a wonderful time, nice rooms, warm sunny, clean pool. A great place for children and adults, I would love to go back!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MicheSanFrancisco
<Content>Not Recommended Having been to Hawaii several times before and stayed in Waikiki each time on Oahu, I was very disappointed with this hotel. Because we booked in a hurry for a last-minute trip, we regretfully didn't check out the reviews ahead of time. However, I am extremely surprised by the reviews I'm reading today -- most were positive, yet I just came back yesterday and I find it hard to believe we were all staying in the same hotel. I thought that the room was too small for two, only partially renovated, awkward decor -- furnishings were old and worn -- the bureau was placed in an awkward spot and not easy to access. The pictures on the wall were crooked and I tried to straighten them out, but they were adhered to the wall -- very strange. The television is old -- no flat LCDs here. It was attached to the wall with a mounting bracket, much like you'd find in a hospital room. The carpeting throughout the hallways must be from the previous property owners -- it's old, worn and dated. Often there were garbage bags sitting in the hallways for a good part of the day -- every day. Elevators were slow. No restaurant or lounge on the premises, so we spent a lot of time across the way at the Hilton Hawaiian Village and in Waikiki. The pool is tiny, but served the purpose the 2 hours I spent by it. Fitness room has about 4 or 5 machines crowded into a small room. The laundry room on the parking lot level was a little creepy, especially at night. Only two ice machines, also located in the parking lot, not on any of the guest room floors!! The Aqua Hotel Website is misleading and they definitely did a good job of making the hotel look and sound much better than it really is. I would no more call this a spa or resort than I would a Motel 6. On a positive note, the room was clean, the bed was comfy, the spa robes were new and beautiful, and the staff were friendly and acommodating. If you're on a budget and don't mind not being next to, or in our case, not even seeing the beach from the room, then The Aqua Palms may work for you.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>irene08
<Content>Okay This was rated as a 3 star hotel on Expedia but it should have ranked as 2. The spa was a room on the 2nd floor, and the pool was about the size of a small kiddie pool. The nice thing about our room was that it was clean. It served the purpose we needed it for - a clean place to stay for the few night we were in Oahu. That was about the extent of it though. It was so odd, because the room was sloping - we've never seen this in any hotel. We noticed it in the hallway too, which was sloping to one side. It was even odder seeing our bed posted on a piece of a wooden block, in order to even it out due to the sloping room. Very strange indeed!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>venuzlove
<Content>Great Experience My fiance and I recently stayed at the Aqua Palms  Spa Hotel and we were very impressed with the friendly staff and clean accommodations! More specifically we were very pleased with Thomas Watts. He went above and beyond from kindly greeting us, to checking us in early, to making sure we were taken care of and that our experience be as pleasurable as possible!We read that this hotel is the best for it's value and it was. We were very impressed with the updated bathrooms, convenient appliances, and couch! We will definitely recommend and will be back to the Aqua Palms and other Resort Quest Hotels! Thanks for such a great experience!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>jresjr
<Content>Aqua palms better than expected.. Stayed here from May 21st thru May 30th, Overall a good hotel, the staff were very friendly and its in a pretty decent location. I was able to get out of Waikiki pretty easy with the rental car and get around waikiki very easy by bus (2 dollar round trip) and it only took five minutes, so that is a good thing. Had the complimentary breakfast of muffin and juice w/fruit every morning which was fine by me and the rooms were good, and alot bigger than expected, it also had a lanai (balcony). good place and would recommend it. This is coming from someone who does not stay in the room except to sleep and not that pickey  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>DebMelbourne
<Content>Really enjoyed the Aqua Palms My husband and I stayed at the Aqua Palms from 14 May to 22 May this year. This was our second trip to Honolulu and our second stay at the Aqua Palms Hotel.We were very happy with the Hotel and with the staff. Thomas at the Reception desk was very helpful and friendly.As we arrived late morning and our check in time was 3.00 p.m. Thomas asked us if we would like to upgrade to a penthouse room on the 12th floor for an additional US$40.00 per night. We decided on the upgrade and were pleased we did. The view was lovely and the larger room was very comfortable.A word of warning to any smokers who may be contemplating a visit to Honolulu; the smoking laws are very strict in Honolulu. Smoking rooms at the Aqua Palms do not exist, nor is smoking permitted on the balcony. However, the Aqua Palms do have a little smoking area beside the Hotel.Overall we were very pleased with our stay and if we return for a holiday in Honolulu, we would definitely stay at the Aqua Palms. The Hotel is within walking distance to the Ala Moana Shopping mall and there is a great little diner about one minute's walk from the Hotel which serves very reasonably priced food and cocktails.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>divergirl99
<Content>good deal, some flaws The AquaPalms is a very good deal for Honolulu, particularly in Waikiki. I've stayed there twice. First time, the room was extremely small and hard to navigate around some of the corners in the dark without stubbing a toe, but otherwise very clean and super comfy bed. Second time was for a week in a much larger room (at same price) and everything was just fine with the room. Only problems seem to be that the breakfast, while fine for a continental breakfast, had such long lines that several times I had to give up waiting since I had to get to work. Also it really doesn't start early enough for a business traveler, although probably fine for vacationer. Room cleaning was overall ok, although sometimes they forget to leave certain key items. But they'll bring them if you call. Parking at $18 is a rip-off, but since the hotel rate is good for what you get, call it even. They really should reduce this, at least for their frequent visitors who have corporate accounts like other Honolulu hotels do. Staff is just great and is very friendly.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	5	3	

<Author>minisann
<Content>Follow up to "Great Bargain Hotel" We stayed at this hotel from 04/21/08-04/24/08. We got a spectacular rate ($70/night) via their website. Prices change frequently so keep checking back... There is an additional $18 charge for parking.We found the hotel to be small; but well decorated. The room was small too; but very nice. The bathroom and furnishings were excellent (especially considering the great price)... The elevators were a little slow; but nothing out of the ordinary. The parking lot was tight; but not unmanageable. My biggest concern was cleanliness and I should not have worried. Our room was extremely clean and the beds were comfy. The location is G-R-E-A-T!!! It's across the street from the Hilton Hawaiian Village / beaches / restaurants / etc.We walked to many places and had an awesome time. The staff was very friendly and took care of our needs, limited though they were. The included breakfast was basically assorted pastries and fruits with a couple of juice selections. Very light; but good. We would stay here again in a heart beat!  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>KRA21
<Content>Clean and decent Very nice lobby, the room was small but decent and very clean complete with cable, fridge, etc.. We didn't get the balcony room but still had a nice stay. There was one gentleman in the reception area that was sarcastic but overall, the staff was nice and helpful. Continental breakfast was the same every single day. It consisted of bread and muffins and fruits only. Pool area's small but nice. Parking's expensive $18/day. Biggest plus about the hotel is the cleanliness.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	3	3	3	

<Author>ironriver
<Content>A great Place We just spent two nights at the Aqua Palms and Spa on our way to Maui for a seminar. We booked it as part of an NWA World Vacation and couldn't be happier with our short stay. Close to restaurants and cheap eats and ABC store for late night snacks. Three minutes to the beach through the Hilton Hawaiian Village. The highlight of the trip was walking through the Hilton Village to the beach at sunset and then enjoying a dip in the Pacific while watching the lights twinkle all the way to Diamond Head and enjoying Hawaiian music drifting in from the various hotels of Waikiki. Ask for Thomas and Mark at check-in--they do a super job and are always thinking one step ahead for you.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>tripwriterAustin
<Content>Super Friendly Just returned from my first trip to Hawaii and found the Aqua Palms a great place to stay. I don't think I've had friendlier, more helpful service anywhere. The price is right and the location is perfect for hopping on public transportation to explore the island.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>romstone
<Content>Loved Aqua This was my first time to Hawaii and I had the most wonderful experience. The hotel staff was very nice and helpful. The location of the hotel enabled us to walk to the beach and to great restaurants. The most helpful employees at the hotel, Tom and Sergio were very accomodating and pleasant.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	2	4	4	

<Author>Parshooter321
<Content>Loved Aqua Pamls!! Best stay in quite a while. As part of the PGA Tour, we get to spend half our lives on the road and a different hotel every week. I am very pleased to reccomend the Aqua Palms  Spa for your next holiday vacation or business requirements. From the minute I arrived, I was greeted with a smile and a willingness to assist me in any way. The Front Desk staff was very helpful and informative. Management was even better. Keola, the Guest Services Manager was very attentive and hospitable. I had the pleasure of meeting with the Hotel Manager, Ms. Kahealani Doss, and I was extremely grateful for all her help during my stay. Their Wednesday afternoon, Sway get together was a great way to meet other guests and to share with the hotel staff.Again, Mahalo Nui Loa to Ms. Kahealani Doss and her staff, I look forward to doing business with them in the near future. Highly reccomend!  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amoose99
<Content>Good value for money and good location       Inside the room  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>LancasterHawaiilover
<Content>clean and great customer service my friend and i stayed four nights and had a great time.the rooms were clean and had everthing we needed(by clean i mean checking the sheets in detail for hair or any other objects).the customer service was also great.look for mark he will happily help you with anything you need to make your stay more comfortable.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ColoradoTravelgirl79
<Content>Good deal Near Waikiki I stayed here for one night before I went on an island cruise. I wanted something affordable, convenient, and decent. I was very surprised when I arrived. It was much better than I had anticipated. I had a rental car to explore the next day so I needed to park. I have to say the parking garage was a bit too small. I was very nervous driving through it and was worried that I was going to hit somethind and damage the car. But once I was parked it was alright. The very comfortable bed was a sight for sore eyes, after a long flight over. I think it was quite possibly one of the most comfortable beds I have slept in that's not my own. On a side note, and not all that relevant to the quality of the hotel itself I loved the shampoos and such that they provided. Smelled soooo good.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>lisacas1
<Content>Good value, small room, location not so optimal       Tub, clean  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	2	5	4	4	2	

<Author>TaniaVioleta
<Content>Great Service This hotel is great. Everyone at the front desk was very friendly and hospitable. It is within walking distance to the beach. I had a great stay at this hotel and recommend this to anyone, plus the price for the hotel is very affordable.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	-1	5	5	4	

<Author>thenay84
<Content>Loved this hotel, beds were so comfy, slept so well!       View from pool area  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lanceoak
<Content>Great hotel for the price and location good We stayed for 5 nights and used the hotel for a central location to enjoy the sights of Oahu. Located near the bus line, a car isn't necessary (walking to Waikiki Beach not hard and cost of cabs and bus much less than renting a car and parking), except for the one day we did an island tour. The staff were positive and very helpful our entire stay. As a matter of fact, probably the most easy going and helpful we have had in our travels. Sean (Expedia) was very tolerate and helpful in making our bookings for events on Maui (last part of our trip) and our one day car rental on Oahu. Room was clean and well looked after. We got the 5 days for 4 deal. I can understand if you want the cheapest room possible, you won't get a suite on the 10th floor. Low price always equals smaller room, even at the Royal York in Toronto. A 24 hour restaurant was right next door with very reasonable prices for good solid means - breakfast, lunch, supper or snack. Excellent value and location.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>crs8
<Content>Good for what I needed I checked in on Sunday night and the front desk was VERY friendly. The rooms were fine, clean and exactly what I needed. I was here on business for the week. The rate was great, 89 a night. Parking was 18 a day, they got me there. I gave it an average rating because this was not a 5 star resort.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>dc1225
<Content>Itsy bitsy teeny tiny short short....room! ok, so i've been here a day now. Sparkggl's review is pretty dead on. I booked the partial view(cheapest out of three available rooms). I got a king size bed in a tiny room, tiny tv, tiny microwave, tiny fridge, tiny everthing...I've stayed in jail cell bigger than this. Hope you get my gist. Ignore the Tripavisor #6 out of how many hotels in Honolulu inflated rating....Definitely not a #6 hotel. Also, ignore any 4 star reviews...its not a 4 star hotel....it is a dead on 3 star hotel. I am paying $18/day parking in a tiny garage...I asked for an upgrade to a bigger room and got denied and they want to charge $25 per night more and since i am here with a 2 year old, theres no way in hell that i could stay in the same tiny room for the next 5 days so I will now be paying more for the room. I asked the lady if I pay for the upgrade for 3 nights and if they can give me the two nights for free as a courtesy(which mind you that other hotels have done this for me for no charge at other hotels), they would not. Having checked out other hotels since I've been here, I am now convinced that they sucker you into the cheap small rooms and they figure that you'll want to upgrade to a bigger room. I am also convinced that since i'll be paying for more for the hotel, I probably have should picked another bigger, better hotel. The small room is fine for one person, but not for any one person more! The staff is ok, they give you the smiling [--], you know the one where they just constantly smile the whole time they talk to you but never really do anything for you that you ask but that is nothing out of the ordinary. All in all, if you don't mind small rooms(I know what you're thinking, how small could it be...believe me its small) and if you have more than one person, I do not recommend this hotel. If I could get a do over, I'd definitely take the do over and choose another hotel. Do your research as there are better bigger hotels out there as I found out the hard way today.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	3	3	2	4	

<Author>Impulsefishing
<Content>Book here if you cant find anything else! The hotel was just OKAY nothing more nothing less. First the parking was horrable!!! There is no room for a car to make the turns going up into the parking garage. You really have to take your time and have someone guide you in and out of parking. If I could rate parking here from 0 to 10 it would be ZERO!!! The rooms are okay, we had a small slanted (floor) room but the interor was okay. The continental breakfast was the best part of the hotel. Pool is super small but we didnt even get in because we were at the beach the whole time. If you are military this is a great location! The Hale Koa is right down the street. (Military ID required) The food is great and the mini BX has the best price for gifts to bring back home.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	4	5	3	

<Author>leggygalchicago
<Content>loved everything we had booked a room at another hotel, which turned out to be a flea trap. so we called around and found the aqua palms and spa had room for the four of us at about the same price as the flea trap. When we entered the hotel we were treated like visiting royallty. We could not get into the rooms until 3p.m., but they held our bags while we did a little shopping and eating when we came back around three our rooms were ready. Blissful cool air greeted us as we entered the rooms, It was actually more than we expected for the money, the staff was very nice,helpful and courteus. If you are going to stay in honolulu, on a budget or not, this is the place to stay. there is not too many thing at the hilton you will not find here.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sparkggl
<Content>Great Deal, Decent Hotel My husband and I stayed at Aqua Palms  Spa for seven nights in early April. I did a ton of research and read a lot of reviews before booking this hotel. It was an amazing deal for $110/ night (including tax) through bookit.com. My overall thought is that it was a good bargain. I don't know if it should be rated #7 out of 85 hotels in Honolulu, though.I had requested a room with a king bed and when we arrived in our room, it had two queens (looked like fulls). i called the front desk and they told us that they couldn't move us until the next morning, which we were okay with. we moved into our room the next morning and to my husband's disappointment, we no longer had a lanai. instead, we opened up the sliding door to a tiny strip of concrete. we didn't want to switch rooms again so we stayed put. our room faced ala moan blvd. and all the construction but it didn't bother us too bad. The room was clean, and it's nice to have a fridge and microwave. The tv is small but adequate. What bothered me the most was the bed. The sheets were too small for the king bed and bare mattress was often exposed. The sheets are a bit threadbare and the bed had a coverelet, which always gives me the heebies because I doubt they're regularly washed.The bathroom was clean and had nice papaya/pineapple scented products. The tub is standard-sized but not really the kind you'd want to soak in. It had a slip-resistant mat on the bottom.The front desk was very nice, and we often checked out beach towels, boogie boards, etc.. It's about a leisurely 10 minute walk to the beach through Hilton Hawaiian Village. It's about a 30 minute walk to the center of Waikiki Beach.My husband and I had a car the entire week which was super convenient, though it cost $18/day to park it. Since the hotel is located on the west end of Waikiki, it's nice to have a car.Overall, I would probably come here again because of the price. It's a pretty good deal and it's clean.The hotel staff was nice, but in my experience, Hawaiian people as a whole are nice and helpful.If you're used to fancier hotels, I'd recommend you go somewhere else. Otherwise, this may be the hotel for you.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	5	4	

<Author>PurdueBetsy
<Content>OK Hotel, Decent Value We stayed at the Aqua Palms for three nights in mid April 2008. The reservations and checkin staff were very helpful and pleasant. The location is right on a busy street, but it's across the street from the Hilton Hawaiian Village (they had fireworks at about 8pm on Friday night), a 15 minute walk to the Ala Moana shopping mall, and a 15 minute walk to the beach, shopping, and restaurants - not a bad location to be in. There's a bus stop 10 steps from the front door if you want to use public transportation to Pearl Harbor (about an hour on line 20, can also use 42) - ask how much a shuttle would be though.The room: The furniture is positively shabby and the bathroom is small. There is awkward, wasted space in the entry way. I did appreciate that there was a mini-fridge and microwave. The bed was terrible - both of our backs hurt the next day. I wasn't entirely sure if the sheets were clean because I found hairs on the pillows. The sheets didn't stay tucked in when we slept. I saw in a previous review that the mgmt plans to renovate the beds - make sure they've done this before you stay!It's nice that they offer the free breakfast, but you get what you pay for. It's just juice, coffee, fruit, and cheap pastries. I would suggest tacking on an extra buck to the rate and offering some milk, cereal, and bagels/toast.The ATM in the lobby charges $2.50.They use Ilima shuttle service to/from the airport - ask for the number when you make your reservation. It was $10 per person and it takes about a half hour.On Wednesdays they have a manager's reception. Basically that's a free punch drink and a bowl of chex mix.When I made my reservation, I was under the impression I was getting a specific rate per night. When we checked out, my rate on one night was higher - I had no way of checking if this was the right rate or not, so I hope I didn't get cheated.Except for the back-breaking bed and the shabbiness of the room, I was ok with this place for the money. If they renovate, it will be great.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	5	4	-1	

<Author>sookiezz
<Content>Reliable Comfort in Waikiki       View from the room  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Weix2
<Content>Excellent! Excellent! Excellent! We stayed at the Aqua palms for 4 days 3 nights after our cruise. We were upgraded into a Penthouse!! The staff were very friendly, courteous and helpful. The rooms are clean and we love the bed!!! It was really comfortable. Not to mention the view from our balcony on the 12th floor. It was picture perfect!! Although the elevators makes a bit of noise, we weren't really bothered by it. They do serve breakfast but only muffins, coffee, tea, juice. Nothing fancy but it was sufficient for us to kickstart the day. The beach is just 10 minutes walk away. There are restaurants withing walking distance, like McDonald's, sushi shop etc. (Do not eat at the Chinese restaurant near the hotel, they serve American, chinese buffet for about $7.99 but it's CRAP!)We are thinking of visiting Hawaii next year and we will definately give Aqua Palms a call!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jentar
<Content>A Truly Great Place To Stay I don't know why anyone would write a bad reveiw for this hotel.I stayed here in February with my wife and sister and can tell you that the staff were very well informed and courteous. The room was very clean and the breakfast they provided was exceptional, the elevators were a little slow but nothing to be concerned about.The hotel is within walking distance to shops and Waikiki beach, all attractions are close enough for transit or shuttle and there is a great karaoke bar and restaurant right next door.Overall we had a wonderfull experience at a great price.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>mikala2008
<Content>Talk to the right person/people and wonderful things happen We stayed here twice during our recent wedding/honeymoon trip. We had several rooms and had to coordinate changes with our group and the hotel. We just want to compliment Sarah in the Corporate office for helping us with those changes, Mark (whom we somehow missed during our first stay) for being extremely pleasant and helping us unload what seemed like a truckload of baggage and various items upon our return/second visit, and Thomas who went far beyond his job description to assist us. Talk to these people and you'll have a wonderful stay. Mahalo nui loa to them. Because of them we will plan to stay here the next time we're in Oahu. Only one item we want to warn anyone about and that is the Wailana Coffee House on the corner, while you'll get a discount (given with an attitude) for staying at the hotel (which is why I mention it at all), the service and food left much to be desired, in other words, an unfortunate waste of time and money. You're much better off going to the Shorebird which has some great sandwiches at reasonable prices and views of Diamondhead and the ocean (maybe Aqua Palms can get exchange the coffee house discount for one here.). :)  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>OH2Go
<Content>A Great Stay The Aqua Palms and Spa is an excellent value. I found the hotel to be very comfortable, convenient and clean. I appreciated having a coffee maker, refrigerator and microwave in my room as well as free high speed internet. Since the hotel does not have a restaurant on the premises, the continental breakfast was basic, but tasty and included in the price of the room. But my favorite amenity was the bath accessories and I brought as much as I could home. Located across the street from the Hilton Hawaiian Village provided access to Xerox Business Center, that offers postal and shipping services, as well as other shops and restaurants. The hotel staff was very friendly and accommodating. After spending 6 days at the Aqua Palms, I was saddened to leave. I look forward to returning to the Aqua Palms and definitely recommend it to anyone who wants a pleasurable stay but does not want to spend money on an overpriced hotel room.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	4	5	3	

<Author>HappyGoLucky818
<Content>The Staff was fabulous!!! We couldn't have been more pleased with Aqua Palms and Spa. We would stay again.The location was only two blocks from the beach and close to many excellent restaurants.The Staff was most helpful and available all the time to answer questions.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>Architect_1000
<Content>You are definitely not in paradise...       View was not bad, but the room was very noisy  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	2	2	4	3	1	

<Author>mke5254
<Content>Very accomodating Our group of six stayed at the Aqua Palms Hotel in Honolulu for one night prior to boarding a cruise ship. The rooms and price were modest. However we found the staff (specifically Mark) exceptional. Once we arrived at the hotel, we didn't have to handle our luggage until we reached the pier the next day. They even arranged to hold our luggage while we were on a tour.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CASnickers
<Content>Good value in Waikiki The staff at this hotel does a great job....friendly and helpful.The hotel is within walking distance of Ala Moana shopping center and has a nice Indian and a great little Thai restaurant within a block.It's right across the street from the Hilton Hawaiian Village so you have easy access to surf lessons on the beach if you like.The beds are comfortable. The continental breakfast is limited, but filling.Good value.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>sherneil
<Content>Affordable Waikiki Location We recently visited the Aqua Palms in Waikiki. On the whole we enjoyed our stay. The hotel is quite affordable considering its location, so our expectations were quite reasonable and that is probably important to remember. The hotel is only about two blocks from the beach and is right on one of the main roads making it easy to use public transportation.We stayed in a city view room. The view was quite nice, especially at night. We looked out at the grounds of the Hilton, which is quite spectacular. One word of warning. A lanai is not always much of a lanai and whether you get one or not depends entirely on availability. It does not reduce your rate if you do not get one. In our case we had patio doors that opened up to about 10 inches of concrete. Some rooms appeared to have lanai's large enough to sit on. We booked using their website and the photos are misleading on this point making it appear that these larger lanais are what you will get. To be fair, when we expressed our concern to management they compensated us.The hotel serves a continental breakfast in the morning which was average. The pool is quite small but we did our swimming at the beach anyway. The view from the pool area is quite nice and that is where breakfast is served. The hotel has a spa but we did not make use of the services. The staff were extremely friendly and they were very helpful about storing our baggage both on the day we arrived and departed. This made it possible for us to use those days to the fullest instead of working around check-in/out times.We had a couple of odd housekeeping issues. When we arrived our mini fridge had not been cleaned out. Towel service replaced the towels but left the old ones on the floor. In both cases, management was quick to deal with our concerns. The rooms are a reasonable size and felt clean. The bed was very comfortable.On the whole, the hotel is well located for almost all activities you could want to do in Waikiki and it is reasonably priced. We would consider staying at this hotel or another Aqua hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>johnzankl
<Content>Excellent...Highly Recommended All of the staff memebers were very friendly and knowledgable regarding activities in the area.Mark (doorman) and Franceska (housekeeper) were a lot of fun to talk to. They both did an excellent job in taking care of my needs!Thanks for a great stay at Aqua Palms. I will be back soon, for sure!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jt1blades
<Content>What a great place!       View from the hotel to the ocean and lagoon  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>paulaandrobert
<Content>Nice hotel in a good location We were very late arriving (4am instead of 10pm due to a flight delay) and they had canceled our reservation, luckily our room was still available (last one) and they reinstated our booking. The room was very clean and the beds were very comfortable. We only stayed a few hours before going to our cruise but it was a very nice room and we would have been happy there for a couple of nights. Our room had a microwave and a fridge as well as a bath which was nice to have a long soak after our long day of travel. The desk staff were very friendly and helpful. Would happily stay again.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>andreahkg
<Content>Great value for money!! After reading reviews on TripAdvisor I decided to give Aqua Palms a try and I was very pleased with my decision. I was upgraded to a partial Diamond Head view (9th floor) that included a view of the ocean from the lanai. The room was clean and well appointed due to a renovation in the last couple of years and included a microwave, refrigerator and coffeemaker. The bathroom had a very small tub but it was clean and tastefully decorated with granite countertops and tile floors. Other reviews have complained about the noise but it is not the hotel that is noisy but simply the fact that it is located in a major city on a major road so you have street noise along with constant construction noise. Yes you hear the garbage trucks at 6am but I would venture to say you also hear the garbage trucks in your own hometown. If you want a tranquil beach holiday, Honolulu and Waikiki beach is not the right place...spend time on the windward side of Oahu and you will find a more peaceful environment; turquoise blue water with squeaky white sand without the wall to wall crowds of waikiki. Or of course, the other islands are much less developed than Oahu. Aqua Palms staff were very friendly and knowledgeable and for those who need to stay connected the complimentary high speed internet in your guestroom is a fantastic amenity. The pool is very small and there is no shade but it is only a 5 min walk to the beach thru the Hilton Hawaiian Village so you won't miss having a large pool. The hotel is about 4 city blocks from the largest outdoor shopping mall in the world, Ala Moana Center and the trolley and City bus stop in front of the hotel so it is a very convenient location. The Aqua Palms is a great value for money in the expensive resort area of Hawaii. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	-1	5	

<Author>Vicola
<Content>Love the Aqua Palms! I loved the Aqua Palms. Great location and very cute room. After reading some of the reviews, I was a little concerned that the most inexpensive room would be tiny and cramped, but I didn't need to worry. Our room was so cute! And plenty of space. Yes, the bathroom door hits the tub, but the hotel was not originally a Aqua Hotel, so there really wasn't anything that could be done when they took over four years ago. If you want a view of the ocean, your room will be on the street side, which, yes, is noisy at night, but after Midnight it quiets down. I loved having a refrigerator AND a microwave - great for leftovers. Very comfy bed. Free Internet and small continental breakfast are definitely a plus. I will gladly, gladly return.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Papergurl
<Content>Exceptional Customer Service My boyfriend and I stayed at the Aqua Palms and Spa from 3/19 to 3/20 and I would say this is by far one of the best hotels that we've ever stayed at. The customer service here is exceptional. Every staff that we've come into contact with has been superbly courteous and very helpful. Additionally, the room was large and clean. The continental was good, nothing fancy just juice, crossiants, muffins, and fruits served from 7:30am - 9:30am. The hotel is about a 15 mins walk from the International Marketplace. I really like it's location because it's easy access and not too crowded as other hotels that are located closer to Waikiki Beach. If you are looking for a calm and relaxing atomsphere, I would definately recommend staying here.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Packerbackers
<Content>A Great Value and Loved The Staff March 23, 2008My wife and I stayed at The Aqua Palms from February 25 through February 28. We had a very enjoyable experience. The hotel is clean with comforable beds and very nicely located being near the beach, close to shopping center and within walking distance of car rentals and restaurants. We ate dinner at the Wailana Coffee House at the end of the block three times as they had very good food at a very reasonable price.The staff, especially Thomas, was extraordinarily helpful in giving us directions and advice on various questions. We enjoyed the continental breakfast. The coffee was especially good.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>angmadwil
<Content>Great deal, great location We stayed here for a few days over the holidays before a cruise. It was great, very affordable and within walking distance to Waikiki. We loved walking across the street and utilizing all the benefits of the Hilton Hawaiian Village but not having to pay for it! Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thelazerlass
<Content>Good Service and a Nice Stay! I booked our trip through AAA but apparently Aqua did not get it in the system (which seems to be a common thing). The person who helped us could not have been nicer. He gave us the last room which was a huge upgrade but charged us the rate that AAA gave us. The room was really nice and the bed was very comfortable. It was a perfect place to stay for the few days we were in Waikiki and it is very close to the beach. Overall, I had a good experience and would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DenverBrian
<Content>Agreed - this hotel has been overrated The best part of the value proposition at this property is the price - $84 a night for the three-night stay I booked; however, I had to be vigilant and monitor the website, as the price dropped from $115 a week out and I had to call to have the rate adjusted.Aqua Palms has a reasonable location on the west end of Waikiki, and in general it's clean and quiet. However, the room renovations are overrated. Baths were brought up to 3-star standards with granite (or a reasonable facsimile) - but if you want a real tub, you won't find it. It's barely four feet long. Ownership should have done the right thing and simply created a large shower surround rather than stick with the old and dated tubs.High speed internet access is wired-only in guest rooms, and I was lucky to have brought my own cable, as the hotel's had a broken pin and wouldn't connect. After a talk with a bored guest services agent, the engineer replaced the cable, which promptly wouldn't connect at all, even though my cable worked fine. This was later explained by guest services as a problem with the internet provider - the problem was most certainly the hotel choosing the wrong LAN cables to place in the rooms.My king-bed room was small but not tiny. There are three chairs crammed in the room, none of them comfortable. No matter, as even if you had a reasonable chair to relax in, you'd have to crane your neck skyward to view the flat screen TV that's mounted high on the wall. In the 21st Century, it really should be illegal to refer to flat screen TV's as tube-style; almost everyone these days associates flat screen with flat panel. The Aqua Palms' tube style TVs are also small, perhaps 20.Also small is the pool area, though it appears clean and sunny in the afternoons.Though some hard goods are truly renovated in the rooms, such as draperies and countertops, the furniture appears worn and dated. Hallways are dark, with dirty carpet.The value proposition rests primarily on the room rate. At $84 I can be forgiving of many flaws, so I gave the property three out of five. At $115 this property would have been a two rating. If the internet access fails during my stay I'd downrate it also.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	2	1	

<Author>Aussiegirl406
<Content>Very disappointed - switched hotels Why do people rave about this hotel? It was truly awful. I had booked for 10 nights at the Aqua Palms after reading all the great reviews from other travellers. As our flight was arriving at around 7am I had booked for the previous night so we could check into the room on arrival. I emailed the reservations department directly to make the booking and confirm that I could have a twin room (I really hadn't planned on sharing a double bed with my mother for 10 nights) and was assured and had an email to confirm that I would have a twin room with a Diamond Head view. When we arrived after a 10 hr flight from Sydney we were taken to a small room with a double bed. I went down to the desk to advise them there had been a mistake, and was simply told that if we wanted a twin room we would have to bring our luggage back down to reception and wait until after 3pm until a twin room was available. I reminded the man on reception that I had booked and paid for the previous night's accommodation and asked if we could at least have another room to use until 3pm so we could shower and change (we were in no state to go sightseeing or even shopping and had nowhere to change even to go for a swim). The rude man on reception said we couldn't have any room until after 3pm. I was completely taken aback and he didn't care that I had already paid for a room for the previous night. He didn't even apologise. I was suprised at this treatment as I have never had a bad experience like this in Hawaii and have been there many times for holidays.We took our suitcases and left and booked in to the Ohana Waikiki West on Kuhio Ave. This hotel is fantastic. Very well run, clean and friendly. We were given a large room on a high floor with a kitchenette and views. We were also given $15/day in vouchers to use at the Food Pantry supermarket next door plus our keycard allowed us free travel on the Pink Trolley. It was a fantastic deal for around the same price as the Aqua Palms, there is no comparison between these hotels. Ohana West is a large hotel with a great pool and facilities and in a great location. Aqua Palms is in a bad location, has the smallest pool you've ever seen, the lifts were terrible and the man on reception I had to deal with was rude and unapologetic.I had a wonderful holiday in Hawaii and will return again next year, but I will never again book into an Aqua hotel and won't be recommending them to friends.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>EliasHHH
<Content>Thank You, Aqua Palms and Spa! My wife and I enjoyed ourselves completely at Aqua Palms. We especially appreciated the personnel. People like congenial Mark and Roberto, the concierge, helped make our stay a memorable one. We stayed in a very clean room overlooking the city and relaxed on the deck morning and evening. We loved the poolside continental breakfast every morning. The view from the seventh floor deck was spectacular, reminding us that the Aqua Palms is centrally located; it's close to the beach, less than a mile from Ala Moana Mall, and within easy walking distance of The International Market. If you need any help planning your itinerary, upbeat Roberto is at your service. We arranged all tours through him. The maid service was exceptional. We also liked The Manager's Receptions every Wednesday evening. We plan to return to Aqua Palms next year.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kiska1
<Content>great Clean rooms, great location  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	5	5	2	4	1	

<Author>Saluki56
<Content>Not Sure Why It's Rated #6 We stayed here the first night in Honolulu while waiting for our regular hotel reservation and I was looking forward to the hotel because of the rating it received on Trip Advisor. The gentleman at the front desk was very nice but didn't really offer a lot in the way of information when asked. The parking garage at this hotel is a nightmare if you have anything less than a compact car. At every turn in the garage we had to back up in order to make the turn. The room we checked into was possibly one of the smallest hotel rooms I've ever seen. There were 2 double beds and there literally was just enough space between the chest of drawers in the room and the beds to get a suitcase through. The room was clean but we had someone knock on our door twice asking if we were sure we had the correct room. Evidently the hotel gave this couple keys to rooms that were already occuped several times. The continental breakfast was o.k. but it's in a strange location. It's located on the second floor in what looked like a former hotel room and it next to the pool. Not a lot of room to sit but I can't really complain when it's juice, coffee, and muffins. Overall, the stay was o.k. but I'm not sure I'd stay at this hotel fo a longer period of time. Maybe because we were only there one night we got one of the smaller rooms.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>L&LChicago
<Content>Wonderful 9-Night Stay Stayed at Aqua Palms 18 months ago and were excited to return for 9 nights. It is a great location - Ala Moana Shopping Center, Convention Center, Waikiki Beach, Waikiki shops, restaurants, Hilton Hawaiian Village - we walked to everything, even Wal Mart, but bus stops are closeby. Room was clean and comfortable and had everything we needed - king bed, couch, tv with dvd player, tub and shower, toiletries, microwave, fridge, safe. (Only thing strange about our room was that the only mirror was in the bathroom so when two of us tried to get ready for a meeting or to go out at the same time it was not easy.) All of the staff were great. Continental light breakfast was fine and very convenient. Will definitely stay again. Linda  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>achen_phx
<Content>Very disappointed       Room 1123 - shower  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	1	1	3	

<Author>Trippers08
<Content>Most Courteous Staff Clean room and friendly, helpful staff. Three of the staff were outstanding in their service. Thomas, Ryan and Mark. Thank you so much for making our stay enjoyable.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	5	3	5	3	

<Author>cubanito1
<Content>ok but nothing spectacular Stayed overnight awaiting for my flight to Maui. It was ok, the rooms are dated, the bed was lumpy, but it was clean. I paid 140us and that included a continental breakfast that was served by the somewhat small pool. Its close to everything though, if you need a place to store your things and venture out this could be the place. Dont pay more than I did!  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	5	3	3	

<Author>danielpwolfgang
<Content>Wunderbar Excellent hotel, we stayed here for a week, and couldnt have picked a better hotel.The rooms, service and staff were 5 star!We booked this from a united site and cost us about $175 a night for a Diamond head view.For my girlfriends birthday they even gave her a box of chocolates.The beach is across the street, and breakfast was great, and excellent friendly staff.Hawaii is expensive but you will get a great deal here, and the extra features makes this hotel stand out!!!Would stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jennalulu
<Content>Little gem in Honolulu Great stay at the Aqua Palms. We tried to check in around noon on our day of arrival, but were told our room wouldn't be ready until 3pm. We were greeted by Mark, and told we could store our bags until our room was ready. After a quick change into warm weather gear, we headed out to take in the sites of Honolulu and Waikiki beach. Mark gave us good directions on how to get around, and headed out.Our room was spacious, clean, a wonderful view of the city and Diamond Head and even had a small ocean view! The hotel is located directly across from Hilton Hawaiian Village, and not a far walk from many of the tourist spots, like the International Marketplace, and all the great shops and restaurants on Waikiki beach.We didn't use the pool, but could see from our lanai that it looked small, but adequate for cooling off. We also didn't use the spa, but there was someone available in the lobby to book appointments. I had thought there was a continental breakfast available, but apparently it is located on the second floor, and only after 7am. The only morning we weren't traveling, we headed out early to get to the Pearl Harbor museum, so we just grabbed something on the go. FYI, there is an ABC store just around the corner with coffee, some fruit and snacks and other sundries, and a bigger one a bit farther around toward the ocean side. Next door is a 24 hour diner, which we didn't go to, but it's a convenient option.I would definitely recommend this location, especially for anyone staying just a few nights to see the sights of Honolulu.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ekoqwn
<Content>Loved Aqua Palms  My Husband  I recently went on our Dream Vacation  stayed at the Aqua PalmsSpa 1050 Ala Moana Blvd Oahu Hawaii. The accomodations  staff at this hotel need to be highly commended. The hospitality extended by everyone on staff from housekeeping to managers made our vacation into the most spectacular Dream Like holiday in Paradise We were fortunate enough to get an upgrade in our room to a DiamondHead View Suite, I highly recommend this, the view is beautiful!A special word of gratitude to Keola, the guest manager, who went out of his way numerous times during our 2 week stay to make us feel extra special. Can't thank you enough Keola for all your sincere kindness. We'll be forever indebted to you..And sweet Kahealani,hotel manager, thanks for the great poolside guest appreciation event. Free hors d'oeuvres  drinks. Loved The Sway Such a great opportunity for the managers to get feedback from the travellers, they truly want everyones vacation in Hawaii to be special. Mark at the front desk, made sure we had all we needed for comfort on the beach ie: chairs, umbrella, mats, and arranged any airport ground transportation. Roberto the Smiling Expedia rep at the hotel recommended  arranged some wonderful tours for us. This hotel is modern, super clean  conveniently located. We have not 1 complaint, my husband  I felt like we were visiting family. A continental bkfst. is provided every morning poolside, no formal restaurant is in the hotel, but right next door is a wonderful family type restaurant Wailanaopen 24 hrs  100's of restaurants minutes away in Waikiki. The pool is small but access to miles of White Sandy Waikiki Beach is awaiting you just a 5 minute walk away from this hotel. The local bus  tours stops directly outside the hotel or in the Hilton Hawaiian Village located directly across the street from the Aqua PalmsSpa. I also recommend purchasing a 3 or 5 day Go Oahu card prior to your visit. this card gives you great discounts on local tours. Hilton Hawaiian Village has an exciting fireworks display on friday nites for all visitors to enjoy. Book a sunset dinner at Dukes Bar/Restaurant in the Outrigger Resort Waikiki. Food is fab you can buy an authentic flower lei for $5 made on the premises by a wonderful Hawaiian family. Make sure to attend a local Luau, we went to Germaines Luau food  entertainment were terrific, our tour guide Reilly provided great tunes jokes..And be sure to book a dinner at Kobe's Japanese steakhouse, directly across from the hotel, great food  entertainment by the chef. And if you're craving a great hamburger, try Cheese Burger Waikiki, 1945 Kalakaua Ave. just a few blocks from the hotel. And next doorEspace Mode Inc @ 1921 Kalakaua, has very nice authentic Hawaiian souvenirs @ good prices. Don't worry if you forget to bring anything, there are ABC convenience stores on every corner.Aloha Rose from Ontario, Canada  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pugleon
<Content>Great hotel Rooms are lovely. Well kept. Comfortable beds. And kitted out with everything youd need. Even a self service wash n dryer room on P3 floor. The spa services are a good price and lovely. Staff were great. And the location is within walking distance of shopping, entertainment etc. The tour desk and bell hops were evtremely nice and helpfull.My only issue with the place was I was overbilled by about 400 dollars which Im still waiting for a response on...  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>essej1994
<Content>Great hotel! Just came back from two weeks in Hawaii. While in Honolulu, we stayed at the Aqua Palms. The room was clean and spacious - plenty of room for a king sized bed, a couch, and a small table. Room also had a refrigerator and microwave. Although on the 5th floor, we still had a view of the ocean. Hotel staff are friendly and helpful. Price includes a continental breakfast - fruit, juice, coffee, couissants and muffins. The one improvement that I would suggest is to offer milk or cream for the coffee (rather than powdered creamer). The hotel is located across the street from the Hilton Hawaiian Village which had great shops and entertainment. An incredible bargain at $129 a night.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jfrankh57
<Content>Oahu in Class The price for such a location and atmosphere was Excellent! The hotel had a gentile atmosphere with above average furnishings. It was comfortable and the staff were extremely cordial----mahalo for all you did for our family while staying at theAqua Palms. The hotel was within a block of Waikiki beach and We all loved it. The place was like an oasis of comfort with access to all of the important sites in Honolulu.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>L829
<Content>excellent stay We stayed at the Aqua Palms for 1 nite prior to our Hawaii cruise the next day. I have read most of the reviews on different websites on the hotel,  most of the reviews were not positive. However, I decided to give it a try.We were glad that we didn't go with the reviews. We had an excellent stay there. The entire staff were very friendly and helpful. Our room was clean  comfortable. The bathroom is of good size that 2 people can be in it  still have room to move around. Didn't get a city view, but since we were out from morning till nite, it didnot matter. Plus the convenience of the location. Right across from the Hilton. We just walked over  enjoyed the beach and the scenery.Only drawn back are the elevators. Tend to be a litte slow expecially during peak time. But use the stairs if one can, good exercise.We were there almost 4 years ago, stayed at a different hotel. Didn't really enjoy the hotel then. Will stay at the Aqua Palms again next time we're in Hawaii.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ettn2008
<Content>Great Value and Location We stayed Feb 2-3-4, 2008 and came back for Feb 13th before flying home after visiting other islands. First visit had a small room with a great view #1106 [some noise from elevators but not bothersome to either of us] - we were not in the room much so it did not matter. On 2nd visit had a larger room #302 over looking pool on 2nd floor - convenient to breakfast. Breakfast was fruit and delicious blueberry muffins  croissants, juice  coffee. It was a great value for the location and service~! We overlooked the pleasant Hilton Hawaiian Village each time, and could walk across the street for stolling there. The Pink Trolley [$2.00 ride] stops in front of the hotel and goes to Ala Moana shopping center if you don't want to walk. You can ride it all over Waikki for $2.00. We took it to dinner - Duke's at the Outrigger was good. We were extremely pleased with the clean property, the good location, and the friendly staff. Even the room coffee was excellent. We met several return guests, and we would stay again and plan to recommend it to a relative who owns a travel agency. Very nice experience for the pockerbook, too. A good value for the location. If you want a resort, expect to pay for it.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dromanite
<Content>Friendly service and good value in Waikiki       Nearby beach  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>feverboy
<Content>Thank you aqua Palms!! Stayed here in an ocean view room for one week in January. Upon arrival, our bags were unloaded from the cab by the friendly staff. Check in was simple and quick. We arrived a bit early so our room was not yet ready, but we were offered baggage storage at no charge. The room was spacious, clean and the beds were soft and comfortable. There was plenty of drawers and storage space for all our belongings The rooms are also equipped with a safe, internet and air conditioning which we made full use of. There is no full kitchen although a mini fridge and a microwave are in room.  Our housekeeper Norie was very friendly and kept our room tidy and clean. When we asked for extra towels and coffee, they were promptly delivered. She took the time to greet us with a hello, ask how we were doing and wished us a good day when we left for our adventures in the morning. She made sure we had the comforts of home with the luxury of being in Hawaii. Mind you this was no luxury hotel, but for the price and location, it cant be beat. Also the views of Waikiki, diamond head and the ocean from the balconey were magnificent!Getting around Waikiki was not to much of a hassle. Its about a 10-15 minute walk to the city centre or a quick bus ride. There is a bus stop located in front of the hotel and the other just across the street in front of the Hilton. We mostly opted to walk to Waikiki along the beach shores, as the beach is only a 5 minute walk from the hotel.Overall we would definitely stay at this hotel again. The only complaint I have was we were over charged for the overnight parking fee of $18. I had rented a motorcycle for one day which I parked in the garage, and upon checking out we were charged the full 7 days. They did however refund the charge to my credit card 2 weeks later, so I guess I should have nothing to complain about!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>ucr909
<Content>Great hotel in Honolulu for the price!! I stayed at the Aqua Palms in January of this year. This is hotel is in a perfect location. It is right across the street from the Hilton Hotel (which has everything, shops, restaurants...) The beach is within walking distance as well! The room was not bad at all. I had a king size bed and a pull out couch. There was a coffee machine, a fridge and microwave. There was a hair dryer and little shampoo, conditioner and lotions. The bathroom was small and could barely close the door if you are in there, but it was clean ( which was very important to me) The bed and the linens were soft, but the pillows seemed like they were over stuffed. I prefer to have flatter pillow when I sleep. They provide 2 robes as well. There is an Ironing board and iron in the room. internet connection was complimentary which was great!! There is washers and dryers also available in the hotel. Complimentary breakfast was given every morning in the pool area ( but it only consist of bananas, oranges, muffins, coffee and juice ). Parking on the other hand was expensive...18 dollars a day! ALso the elevators took forever! There were 3 elevators and only 2 worked while I was there.Other than the parking and the elevators, I would recommend this hotel if you want to visit Honolulu.  I will probably not go back to Oahu because it just didn't feel like island life to me. It was sooo busy, I felt like i was back home in a city and traffic is no joke in Honolulu. aarrgg...i hated the traffic in there!Also go to the seafood buffett that is only 1 block down (when walk out of the hotel make a left). It is within walking distance and the food is FANTASTIC!! You have to eat there at least once. It's pricey but so worth it.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	2	3	4	4	2	2	5	

<Author>ML08
<Content>Great place and great people We stayed at the Aqua Palms and Spa 2 nights before and 1 night after the Hawaiian cruise we had booked. The location is great and we had a very good rate for our nights, which is not easy to find at this time of the year, booked right with the hotel web site.The hotel and service was really good but what stood out was the friendliness of all the staff, every employee we met greeted us and wished us a good day. I have to give an extra mention for the great Concierge service.Will stay there again and highly recommend to others traveling to Hawaii.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>nurseintheair
<Content>Great Hotel!!! We stayed at The Palms for 2 weeks. We had no problems at all.Room was very comfortable, clean, and everything worked. Flat screen TV, DVD player, phone, fast computer connection, secure parking,a/c, pool, helpful front desk (they signed for my insured mail while I was on the beach), ocean view, and all of this for a very reasonable price at a super convenient location.The Palms is ideal for the self sufficient traveler who likes to have a nice room to sleep in and some guidance from the front desk. There is a travel specialist on-site as well as a spa consultant. A small pool, laundry, continental breakfast -- what else can you want? OK, you want pet birds? There are flocks of finches making the rounds of the balconies, and they visited often to eat the cereal we had for them.You want to see the ocean and Diamond Head ? Check!!If you insist that you must revel in luxurious surroundings, then take your time when strolling through the Hilton Hawaiian Village to get to the beach across the street. You can then sit and pay through the nose for the privilege of being at this beautiful resort.But if it's clean, comfortable and friendly service you want, then stay, for a fraction of the price, at The Aqua Palms.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RikuB
<Content>where's my stuff ?? Reasonable value although rooms have a certain 70's feel. Staff were quite hopeless. I asked to change my room (for one further from the elevators) and they told me to ask the next day. When I got back that day all my stuff was gone from the room (apart from things in the safe and phone charger plugged into the room). They'd changed my room without telling me. Even worse they said that since I'd gone into my old room (not knowing I'd been moved) then I would have to pay for TWO rooms ! I said in that case I wouldn't move and then had to wait 20min for my things to come back. They had the nerve to moan that me that I hadn't packed my things .. Well I would have if I knew they would move me during the day ! Location was so so but busy road outside. Extra $18/day charge for parking which was a bit of a rip off. Don't take a big car there since the car park has the tightest of curves. Breakfast was a muffin/cake and coffee which hardly qualifies as breakfast in my opinion. Anyway room was not expensive and resonably quiet. Would not pick it again though.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	2	2	3	1	2	

<Author>Adak78
<Content>Terrific Hotel with an excellent team I stayed at the Aqua Plqms twice in January. On my first visit, the battery went dead in the rental car, and the staff at the front desk was so incredibly helpful in assisting me with the car company. On my second stay I elected to skip the rental car fiasco so was provided with excellent diniing recommendations in and around the Waikki area. Roberto at the Conceierge desk, Mark and Tyler at the front desk, and everyone in between was excellent. This hotel is very clean, the staff is exceptional, and the location terrific. What more could anyone want from a hotel in Hawaii.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>qualicum1990
<Content>Very pleasant experience, welcoming and very helpful. We stayed here before we boarded our south pacific cruise in November 2007. This is a newly renovated hotel, very close to the beach and other hotels and restaurants. The airport transportation provides transfer directly door to door for a modest fee and the reception staff were welcoming and helpful. The room we were given was well above our expectations, large with a view and good sized balcony - very well appointed. We were able to walk everywhere we wanted to go.The price was reasonable and when it rained we were quickly given plastic Aqua Palms ponchos to keep us dry! Our room included a continental breakfast and certainly met our needs and we felt very much at home  during our stay. I would recommend this hotel and would be happy to return if we are in Honolulu again in the future.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>McGuiver
<Content>Great location and quality Nice property conveniently located to conference I was attending for half the price as the conference property.Clean modern rooms.Friendly help from all the staff.I will stay there for my next meeting.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>timlikesun
<Content>Good value We stayed at the AP for 5 nights prior to our cruise in January 9-14. The hotel is good value and close to shopping and the beach. it was nice to get a view of the water and a good view of Diamond Head from a hotel that was not on the beach. We enjoyed our walk through the Hilton to see the koy fish, penguins and the twilight hula show. It served its purpose as a base hotel. I do not intend on returning to Honolulu because it is too busy. I would recomend the Aqua Palm to anyone who does.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>LeeBeeSeattle
<Content>Loved the people and service This boutique hotel sits directly across the street from the Hilton Hawaiian Village with its many shops and beach. Adjacent are coffee shops and excellent dining choices. We loved finding a Jewish Style Deli in the Hilton shops. It is two long blocks to the Ala Moana Center and on the trolley and bus line. It is ideally situated at the west end of Waikiki near the harbor and a large park. The staff and service were wonderful. They went out of their way on all occasions to be of help to us. Mark, one of the bellman, was exemplary of the fine service we experienced.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Catalina34
<Content>Aloha Spirit We had a great time using this hotel as a base to explore Honolulu and Waikiki. The staff were all very pleasant and always able to help with travel plans. Excellent breakfast bufffet on the house too. Would be a five except for the small rooms but hey, we were always on the beach! Will go there again for sure.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chele1818
<Content>Thank you Mark! This message is to acknowledge a gentleman who went above and beyond the call of duty during my recent stay at the Aqua Hotels and Resorts in Waikiki Beach, Hawaii... I stayed there last week and I had a wonderful time. Mark, was always smiling and a pleasure to ask questions to. He was very helpful and made my trip amazing. It takes good people like that to make my trip easy and wonderful. He helped plan out my days, especially skydiving. He is a wonderful assett to your hotel and please inform him of this message from someone who appreciates how much he made this visitor to the island have a wonderful time. Please acknowledge him as a wonderful employee.... Thank you MARK! One happy visitor, Michele Prentice 207-659-6559  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>navieve
<Content>An average hotel The staff at the front desk is friendly but completely clueless about the Waikiki area. We asked if they knew which bus to take to go to Diamond Head and not only did they not know but they also told us that it is really far from the hotel and pointed to the wrong area on a map. Diamond Head is a major attraction in the area and it is not normal that they do not know about it. We asked the concierge at the Hilton across the street and they had the information right away. It also only took 15 minutes to get there unlike what the front desk staff at the Aqua told us. So my advice would be to do your homework before coming to Hawaii or go ask the concierge at the Hilton!The room was comfortable and clean but a little on the small side (so was the bathroom). We liked having a microwave, fridge and utensils in the room. The DVD player in our room didn't work, but this could be an isolated problem. Maintenance could not figure out why it wasn't working.The location is great, albeit a bit noisy. Many buses to catch across the street, Ala Moana is within walking distance (10 minutes) and so is Waikiki beach (15-20 minutes).Continental breakfast isn't all that, each morning there would be a basket of fruits, a basket of muffins, a basket of other pastries, 2 choices of juice and coffee. No jam, butter or cream cheese for the crescents.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	4	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Sophie120
<Content>Great Hotel I stayed in Aqua Palms about 2 weeks ago and for the price I was paying the hotel was great. The rooms are new and very clean and the staff is very friendly. The breakfast is very basic though, so don't put too much expectation on that. The hotel is right across from the Hilton Hawaiin Village and Waikiki beach. I would recommend it to anyone that wants a clean hotel at a great location with a great price.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DCMrsg
<Content>Good Price and Location We stayed at the Aqua Palms the day before and after returning from our cruise on Pride of Hawaii. We had read reviews before booking and went with it since most were positive. Overall we had a pleasant stay. We had a city view balcony room in which we could see Diamond Head off to the left and partial ocean off to the right. There was construction going on across the street but we weren't bothered by any noise, just the sight of it blocked the oceanview. The location was within walking distance of food-mostly chain places as well as a few local spots. Parking is $18 a day but you aren't likely to find anything cheaper. Street parking is all metered and most have 4 hour time limits. The lobby is pleasant and although there were a lot of other people checking in the staff was pleasant and helpful. The rooms are small, similiar to European sizes but very functional. A small refrigerator and microwave as well as in room internet access, a closet with an iron and board. The breakfast consisted of bananas, apples, and danish as well as some sort of juice. It wasn't impressive but it was better than nothing. We didn't use the pool but it looked clean.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>MinnesotaNellie
<Content>Great Experience at Aqua Palms       Enterance to the Aqua Palms  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>True_Travel_Critic
<Content>Great hotel for the price!!! Aqua Palms was a great spot in the heart of Honolulu, across the street from Hawaii Hilton Village (by the way Hilton has a very nice beach that you can walk to). Aqua Palms is about 4 blocks away from the Ala Moana Beach and the Ala Moana Shopping Center. It's also close to numerous restaurants and shops. Great spot for a great price. Rooms are relatively cheap compared to all other properties around Waikiki, so make sure you get a deluxe studio, it will only cost you about $20 more, but well worth it because you will be on the top floors, have a better view and get a more spacious room overall. Their deluxe studio is probably the size of your standard Sheraton/Hilton room, but as I mentioned before, very worth it because they cost half as much as the other hotels. Don't expect super fancy rooms for these prices, but the decor and the overall ambiance is very nice. They do extra little touches such as place a cute bonsai tree in your room, match the curtains to the beadspread and place little welcome statements from the hotel manager, housekeeper, etc. on the desk. Their pool is pretty small, smaller than on pictures available from travel sites, but who needs one if you have the ocean right next door? They also offer free continental breakfast every morning, wich is a nice touch if you are in a hurry to get out and enjoy Hawaii. One thing to note, rooms on higher floors facing Ala Moana Blvd. have a nice partial ocean view. However, they're also facing the Hilton Hawaiian Village construction. I did not hear any noise in the morning, but this is something you might consider when choosing your rooms.Front desk clerks and luggage handlers were all also very nice and tried to be very helpful when asked for directions, bus stops, where to eat, etc. I am a frequent traveller and am typically very picky about my hotels. Comfort and quiet are very important to me and Aqua Palms definitely met my standards.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mnrobin
<Content>Pleasurable My husband and I stayed for two nights, in room 205. It was more like an apartment! It was very tastefully decorated, with a complete kitchen, including a granite counter top. Noise was no problem. The manager's reception on Wed nite added a very nice touch to our stay. The bus stop is just down the street, as well as a coffee shop that we found to be a wonderful place for breakfast. It is a short, enjoyable walk to Waikiki. Stay here!  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gohawaii35
<Content>Great Hotel! Excellent service and very nice people We were in town for the Sheraton Hawaii Bowl. The hotel is very nice. Not far from the beach. But the service was the best of all. Very friendly people that are willing to help you and direct you in the right direction. I would like to personally thank Mike and Mark who worked at the hotel in the lobby. The two guys were very friendly, helpful, and nice. I would recommend staying here. It is a great price for a very nice hotel. Go Pirates!!  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gonzo9091
<Content>we'd go there again . . . This is a relatively small, excellently located hotel. The staff is friendly and helpful and the hotel is clean. The rooms are decent sized and beds are very comfortable. There is an adequate bathroom and small refrigerator and microwave. A coffee pot for fresh coffee each morning was a nice touch. We used a decent sized terrace with a great view oftenIf you're expecting frills, this isn't the place but you can walk to many places for breakfast, lunch and dinner which are not available at the hotel though they do have a very light continental breakfast. . You can eat somewhat economically or high scale within comfortable walking distance. There is no bar at the Aqua Palms but at the ABC store around the corner you can buy small bottles of wine or liquor to bring back to your room. One thing we appreciated was a machine in the lobby that made coffee tea or hot chocolate for free. A very nice touch and it seems it is available 24/7. The lobby is outfitted with very nice furniture. The hotel pool is adequate - when we were there there were only a few people taking advantage of it probably because the hotel is so close to the beach. There are comfortable lounges on the pool deck.The excellent city bus stop is a few yards down the street and you can go just about anywhere on the island from there. Would we stay there again - definitely - it had everything we needed and we were very pleased with the conventient location, the cleanliness and the friendliness of the staff. All in all, a very good deal for the price. Aloha  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>precious35
<Content>cheap rate but excellent spot and great service Beautiful spot with walking distance from any restaurant from seat in type to buffet not to forget the the 24 hours restaurant next to the lobby. Waikiki is just few steps if your thinking for a little walk during the night along the sea shore. If window shopping is in your mind Alamoana Shopping Mall is not far the hotel. One thing I won't forget is when my cell phone was running out of battery and at the same time I just realize that I left my charger back home. I went to the front desk and ask them if I could borrow a charger and they called somebody with a bunch of different chargers and gave me one that fit my nokia. Rate was under $100.00 per day and the rooms are spacious with comfortable beds. Room services was so great and pretty honest. I never put my valuables in the safe provided and still setting where I normally left it when I come back......... I'm proud to recommend this place next time your going for vacation in Hawaii......  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TennesseeWanderer
<Content>Hawaiian Hospitality When you don't want pay for a lot of extras that you won't use, this hotel is the place to stay. Conveniently located just two blocks from the water, the Aqua Palms is close to upscale shopping at the Ala Moana Mall, near name-brand restaurants such as Red Lobster, Outback, and Charthouse, and has the advantage of being close to major hotel complexes where other services are offered. The hotel staff was exceptionally pleasant and helpful. The accomodations were very pleasant. Well worth the money spent.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Halbred01
<Content>Great place just far away from the craziness Great location. The hotel staff are hospitable, the rooms are clean, and the ambiance are delightful. Truly, unexpected, in a very positive way.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mikemo
<Content>Just OK We got a good super surfer on line rate for an 11th floor room, but the included balcony was missing and we had a queen instead of the promissed king/2doubles.Overall, way mediocre, but the 20 and 42 busses stop just outside and walking to Alan Wong's and Roy's is easy.M  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>krazykatts
<Content>Twice is nice at the Palms! This is the second time my husband and I have visited the Palms. This hotel is perfect for any family whose on a smaller budget. You really get value here with wonderful service. We especially love the location. The hotel is away from all the bells and whistles of downtown waikiki. Across the street is the lovely Hilton Hawaiian Village and it's not difficult to cut across their grounds and get to the beach. The Palms provides towel service if you need it. The staff at the Palms was great. Also,our housekeeper Francisca provided us with excellent service. She was very cheerful and was always smiling! We'll be back next year!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>pappap647
<Content>A nice hotel to stay I stayed here with my girlfriend for 4 nights and it was a very nice hotel. Staff were friendly and every morning there is a complimentary breakfast by the pool. The beach is about a 5 - 10 minues walk just past the Hilton. I would definatly think about staying here when i go back to Hawaii some day.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>trixie_mae22
<Content>wonderful experience I've just got home from a great vacation. This was my first out of the country vacation, and all I can say, it was a very excellent experience. At first, I was problematic on where I would stay in Honolulu and I was thankful that my friend suggested Aqua Palms And Spa to me. When I arrived in this hotel, I was amazed with the place and I found out it is near at downtown, probbably a short walk to fantastic shopping and restaurant establishments. Now, I'm back in my own country and I just wanted to say thank you to Aqua Palms and Spa for making my stay at their hotel wonderful. Special thanks to Norie Moore who accommodate me beyond my expectations. If I have another chance in going back to Honolulu, I would definitely choose to stay at Aqua Palms and Spa.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lembwm
<Content>Great Place to stay       View from the 9th floor  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>leonbates
<Content>Recommend Aqua Palms        View of the ocean from our room deck  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>icoli
<Content>Dear All I was in hotel Aqua Palms (Waikiki, Honolulu) 10 days, from 27. October to 7. November 2007. I had a convention in a nearby hotel, and I decided to stay in Aqua Palms because of good price, free and good breakfast, free internet in room, laundry, and the central place in Waikiki (close to Waikiki beach and Ala Moana shopping centre). It was for me necessary to have internet in the hotel room, since I had to prepare for the conference.All employees in Aqua Palms were very friendly, but I'd like especially to mention Mrs Helen Cabusog, room attendant. She was helpful and did her job in an outstanding way. I would recommend hotel Aqua Palms to anyone who is planning to spend some nice time in Honolulu.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MalachiWilliams
<Content>We enjoyed our time here Having read the more recent reviews we were disappointed and concerned to see that the hotel had dropped down on the ranking. We had booked some time ago to save money and at the time of booking the hotel had received some great comments. We wrote to the Hotel Manager to express our concerns. He responded acknowledging those concerns but promised to take care of our visit. We arrived and checked into room 205. A great room with a separate lounge area, huge kitchen and large bedroom. In addition we had two balconies. Our booking had been up graded. The hotel is on a main road and opposite the Hilton Hawaiian Village. If you are looking to be in Waikiki this is not the place for you. The hotel is on the edge of Waikiki and Honolulu. A short walk through the Hilton Hawaiian Village places you on Waikiki Beach and the centre of Waikiki is about a fifteen to twenty minute walk away. Personally we were happy with the distance and appreciate being a little way away from the noise and commotion of the centre. The hotel does not have a bar or restaurant and the pool is situated on the second floor, but is small. The gym is in a converted bedroom and offers minimal equipment. Our room was always maintained to a high standard to cleanliness, but some of the light bulbs were broken so that meant that not all the lights worked. We were unimpressed with the very basic 'continental' breakfast offering and would strongly suggest booking room only. Overal we had found the staff friendly and helpful but we had little cause to interact with them on a regular basis. Only the Concierge seemed happier when making a booking for you rather than simply providing helpful advice - unlike the Concierge at the Hilton Hawaiian Village. Maybe it is because he was Expedia and Hilton Hawaiian Village is American Express. The hotel offers a basic laundry facility in the car park. Basic, but functional and welcomed. The overal look of the hotel does suggest a need for renovation and as such it did not inspire me to book a spa treatment having also seen the gym. The hotel is keen to have guests fill out the room questionnaire and they really seem to value the feedback, so its worth doing and not just because the room attendant was overly insistant!We recommend going to the diner next door. Your room key gets you a 10% discount. Take a trip up Diamond Head and take a visit to the Polynesian Cultural Center. Hanauma Bay Beach Park is a great beach day out which is easy to get to and from by bus and the snorkel activity is great fun with amazing opportunity to see the sea life. Avoid the 'twlight zoo visit' and just go to the zoo during normal opening hours. The tour is a sweet idea but it just does not work as it gets dark quick and the zoo has no lights. The torches they give you don't help either. If you are coming to Honolulu for the first time you are bound to visit Pearl Harbour and it is worth it. Again, easy to get to by bus so don't pay over the odds for transport there unless you really feel you need the help or wanted an extra tour guide. The volunteers at Pearl Harbour offer everything you need including free advice and answers to questions. Pearl Harbour is free and you should get there early to avoid a long line. We found the people of Hawaii to be friendly and helpful and social. Easy to chat with and keen to chat. We were nervous at first expecting to be 'sold' something, but is just not the case. Just warm and friendly people. Finally we were impressed at how clean Hawai'i is and strongly recommend a visit regardless of where you chose to stay!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>LuvTrippin
<Content>Great Place to Stay I have visited Hawaii several times, and so far my favorite trip has been during my stay at the Aqua Palms. The hotel is ideally located which allowed for great walks around the downtown area. There are alot of great sights, shops and restaurants.  One of the best parts of our walks was the way the staff would welcome us back to the hotel (it felt like I was staying with friends). They were very friendly, hospitable and provided us with great service.  The lobby was beautiful and offered free wi-fi internet access, which was a great place for me to get some work done. I also enjoyed the free continental breakfast. The rooms were very clean and comfortable. And the pool is a great cozy place to relax and enjoy drinks.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>henulj-lse
<Content>Great place to be your home base in Honolulu. This was my first trip to Oahu and was traveling on a budget with my 19 year old son. I read many reviews on Tripadvisor and finally decided to try this hotel. I can stay at any hotel as long as they are clean and properly maintained. My expectations were not terribly high when I booked a room here, but it exceeded my expectations. Our room was 218 on Ala Moana Blvd side of the hotel and I had no noise complaints at all. We requested two beds and got them. The lenai overlooked the parking garage and all the action on the street. The beds were comfortable and the air conditioning worked well and quietly. There is no chance of seeing the ocean from your room, but the ocean is only a short walk away. We were close to the elevator and pool which is located on our floor. Actually never used the pool as we walked over to the Hilton every day and sat on the beach. The room has a nice sized minifridge, microwave and some eating utensils. I never waited long for the elevator. Luck was on my side! The only complaint was that the carpet could have used a good cleaning. I had a couple of minor problems with the safe and door lock, which were attended to immediately and actually was the fault of the operator, not the equipment. We had a rental car that was helpful in getting to a grocery store and less expensive restaurants. But there were plenty of restaurants in the area as well as several ABC stores. The buses will take you all around the island, but we had five total in our party and the minivan worked well for us. The parking stalls are tight, but there was adequate room for the vehicle. My son rented a moped for a day and parked it overnight in the secure parking area below our lenai. The ramp had quite a steep incline to get into the parking garage and coming out, but any experienced driver can handle it. Access to the parking drive was easy to find. The laundry room is on the P3 parking level and quite nice to have. So, definitely recommend this property.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>barbarella14
<Content>Great Hotel Great location right across the street from the Hilton Hawaiian and all it's ammenties. Short walk to downtown area and shopping. Pleasant stay, nice pool area, good continental breakfast and friendly staff. Our maid was a treat, wonderful woman and our room was always clean and her attitude was stupendous. Delila we LOVE you and hope your vacation to the Fillipines was outstanding! Nice hotel overall.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rboyer01
<Content>One GREAT week at the Aqua Palms Our stay at the Aqua Palms in Waikiki was for 7 nonstop days of just plain Great vacation time. The Aqua Palms is by far one of the best Hotels we have stayed at. The welcome we got as we came in the door was very nice. They helped with our bags and just made us feel welcome. The room was very nice,coffee, small fridge, micro wave, coffee, very comfortable bed, lots of room, coffee, high speed internet, and did I mention coffee, the best coffee around. Also located in the lobby was an Expedia desk with one very helpful Agent, Roberto went over our schedule of events( we booked all our tours etc thru Expedia as we did the Hotel) and found we were going to do almostthe same tour twice, he cancelled one of the tours and signed us up for another. He was very polite, knowledgeable and made sure we knew all about the events we booked, where to go for transportation, the times, and what to bring. Can't ask for anyone better to help you plan your stay. Remember he is one person and when making your plans he makes sure you know all about them, so if you are in line waiting for your turn it could take a few minutes. I am sure you would like him to take the time with you also. So our trip was over, we were checking out and Mark and Reberto made sure that we collected everything and got off to the airport ok. Our stay was GREAT!!!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sshaynes
<Content>Loved it! 3 of us traveled with a university volleyball team and we had a blast. The team was originally to stay at the Palms, but did not. At first we were concerned because of the mix up but Mark and the rest of the desk crew were so wonderfully helpful to us. Everyday Mark would ask us where we needed to go on the island and provided us with accurate directions (you cannot ever discount accurate directions!). He also gave us great ideas of places to visit. One of the things that we valued most of all was he friendly greeting, every day! There is no question of where we'd stay on our next visit!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PMWong
<Content>It really felt like Home ! We just returned from a 10 night stay at the Palms. We booked this property through Expedia based on previous reviews and are very happy with our decision. The property is within walking distance to excellent shopping, restaurants and Waikiki. All the staff we came in contact with was most professional and friendly. Upon arrival, we were warmly greeted by the assistant manager, Ms. Kahealani Dos, and Ashley who checked us in and provided details about the property. The room attendants did an excellent job of cleaning and stocking our room with extra towels as requested and other items. Special requests were handled promptly and courteously.We would definitely recommend this property to anyone looking for a friendly, clean, and well cared for property in this high rent district at a great price. Mahalo Aqua Palms !  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JoannDesilets
<Content>I loved my stay at the Aqua Palms       Beach near the Aqua Palms  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SebaMed
<Content>An okay stay... My fiance and I recently went on a 3-island Hawaiian trip in October 2007. Our stay in Oahu was brief (2.5 days, two nights). I based my hotel pick via tripadvisor and so I chose Aqua Palms and Spa. The hotel is relatively recently renovated. Location: a decent 15minutes walk to the Waikiki beach (we walked through the Hilton huge complex (shopping village/hotel) across the street to get to the beach. The hotel faces a construction building. Otherwise, not near the central bustle of Waikiki. It's like a hotel at the end of the Las Vegas Strip.Hotel: The staff was friendly especially Mark with helping us get taxis. The front desk was friendly too. However, not much help in terms of things to do, places to eat, etc... recommendations. Kept referring to the concierge. The room was nice and comfortable. However, the kingsize bed is actually a queen size bed. The place was overall nice. Near a convenience ABC store. The coffeeshop/diner down the block was always packed. Tasted good and cheap ($10 or less per person).Concierge: Luckily, I've been to Oahu before. The concierge reminded me of a slimy Joe Pantoliano/scam artist style. Very rude. Would make you wait forever to help you. He appeared to have the ability to serve only one couple at a time. We were lucky enough to get a map of Oahu/Waikiki from him. Our guide book was way better than him. Overall, place was decent. But we would look into other hotels next time.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Ramfan10
<Content>Great Value We thought the Aqua Palms was a great Value. Its a nice Boutique hotel. The hotel are friends stayed at was more than double the price. The rooms are small but they were nicely decorated. And we had a cool balcony to hang out in. The continental breakfast was ok but there is a great breakfast place almost right next door. Its very popular the food is great. If travling on a budget I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Yattalunga
<Content>Great Location My husband and I spent 6 nights at Aqua Palms Spa from 6th Oct. 07. to attend the wedding of our youngest daughter.Our other daughter and her two children also stayed at the APS.We have been to Wakiki many times, but had never stayed at that end of the city ... it was great , easy access to beach, transport, and easy walk into the busy part of town.We really enjoyed the quiet ambience of the hotel.... The hotel rooms were very clean and well serviced .. staff very obliging....especially when asked at the last minute if it were possible to organise a 21 seater limosine to transport the wedding guests... to the beach side ceremony... Thank you for making our stay so enjoyable and relaxed...  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>FTJJ
<Content>Loved Mark We enjoyed our stay at Aqua Palms  Spa on Ala Moana, Waikiki Beach. What made it such a wonderful stay was the front desk worker name Mark. We have never had such an attentive person at any of our stays at the many hotels we have stayed at. Mark talked with us everytime he saw us and made sure everything was going fine. He remembered what room we were in and went out of his way to help us. It was nice to see him everyday. We will definitely return to this hotel again (only because of Mark). The reason we didn't mark excellant above is because the bathrooms were poorly lite and the bed  pillows were hard as rock. But, having such a wonderful employee as Mark, that wouldn't keep us away. Please thank him again for us. See you again (as long as Mark works there).Sincerely, Frank  Tina Muniain  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PAChopper
<Content>A Great Place to Stay       A Waikiki Rainbow from Our Lanai  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CaliLover227
<Content>Wonderful Stay! Wonderful Staff! Our stay at the Aqua Palms was wonderful from the minute we arrived! Ashley checked us in and she was very sweet and helpful. In fact, everytime we went down to the lobby every staff member we talked to was very helpful and professional. The room was smaller but very clean and it had every ammenity that we needed. The location was perfect for us too!! The whole experience was great! We will stay there again!!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>hcrd68
<Content>a great experience with a superb staff ! Would highly recommend this hotel for your stay in Waikiki. while it may not be the most elaborate of the hotels in Waikiki, the accomodations were great and the staff was unbelievable. after all, you use your room to sleep in and getting ready to see the glorious sights of the island. they were helpful in planning trips around the island and in suggestions as to what time was good to visit certain attractions. they made arrangements for shuttles for us to various attractions using Island Express Transport, who were very courteous and prompt. we were even able to change times of pick up from an attraction simply by placing a phone call. Island Express Transport was also our transport back to the airport when we had to depart. should we ever have the opportunity to go back to Waikiki, we would definitely stay there again.our thanks to Mark and the entire staff of the Aqua Palms and Spa on Ala Moana Blvd, Honolulu, HI  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wuvu
<Content>Great Stay,Great Staff, Great Value My husband and I had a wonderful experience staying at the Aqua Palms. The staff was friendly and very helpful. Mark was especially fantastic. He made sure our stay was everything we wanted it to be. If you are looking for a 5 star hotel..........pay for a 5 star hotel. We found the Aqua Palms to be a great place at a great value. It's about a 20 minute walk to Waikiki Beach, or you can take the bus for a short ride for $2. We would absolutely stay here again!!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vivohara
<Content>Very small and no beach This hotel is not near much in Oahu. Certainly not near any beach! The rooms are very small and the bathroom is TINY - only one small person can use it. We upgraded (and I say that loosely) to a room with a view on the 7th floor - what view? Only the Hilton across the street and construction everywhere else. You could see the ocean far beyond there but how to get to it is the question. We were only there for one night before heading back to the mainland, but for $160 it was DEFINITELY not worth it. We stayed at the Embassy Suites for three nights at the start of our trip before heading to Maui, and it wasnt' much more but was a great suite and great experience. (Our Package there also included tix to the Lion King [which was AMAZING]. Plus, the Embassy Suites is close to everything!!!! Plenty of restaurants, shops etc. in the beachwalk area. The staff at the Aqua Palms needs lessons in customer service as well. Don't look to them to help you in any way. The only good thing were the robes they have in each room. Truthfully, if I could have fit it in my suitcase I would have bought one. My suggestion, stay somewhere else!!!!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Marnie33
<Content>Needs some TLC My four-year-old and I spent one night on O'ahu to celebrate her upcoming birthday and see The Lion King. I'd originally booked at the Ala Moana, but decided to give an Aqua property a try. Our room at the Aqua was slightly less expensive, but I think we should have stuck with our original choice.Although the property is conveniently located, clean, and fairly well-appointed, the elevator needs some serious repair and the parking garage set-up is confusing. My daughter and I waited approximately 10-15 minutes for the elevator on two occasions. I'm not sure if it ever made it to the fifth floor, because we finally gave up and took the eight flights of steps. Normally, this wouldn't have bothered me much, but my daughter is tiny and we had our luggageto haul, etc. I'm still worrying about the family with the stroller and several large suitcases whom we left--still waiting hopefully for the elevator. There are no lights to indicate if the elevator is going up or down and the doors shut before you can ask passengers inside. If the elevator is empty, you just have to take a leap of faith. Also, the elevators tend to reboot themselves before arriving at a designated floor--suddenly heading south. Harrowing. I travel extensively and have never aassigned so much mental energy to the elevator portion of my journeys. Parking costs a hefty $18 per night, but it's not clear which stalls belong to the hotel. There are reserved signs posted, but one would assume those stalls are reserved for patrons who have paid $18. All they need to do is post signs which read Parking: The Palms Hotel. This would keep hotel guests from inadvertently parking in residents' stalls. The good news is: these issues can be easily remedied. The staff is quite nice and the property has potential.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>Jennifer01
<Content>Good location, friendly staff Stayed for one night only as we were flying to other islands the next day. Our flight got in early morning and we arrived at the hotel around 10AM. Unfortunately they were full and check-in was not until 3PM. They did store our bags for us which made the waiting until 3PM a lot easier. As we had a car, we went and did some shopping/sightseeing until the room was ready. Room itself was nice but we had asked for a King bed and a baby cot (crib) but neither requests were granted. We ended up with 2 queens.Parking was US$18 per day. The car park was a good size and we had no trouble navigating a Dodge Caravan in and out (minivan sized vehicle).Staff were all very friendly and professional.The location was great for us. Not super close to the beach, but right across the road from the Hilton Hawaiian Village. There are some nice shops and places to eat in this area. We had dinner at CJ's Deli and it was very good. Also had breakfast on the beach the next morning at the Tropics Beach  Bar cafe. Both places were within easy walking distance and the gardens were quite relaxing to walk through.In short, we would stay again.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>jimmydudas
<Content>Wonderful stay The stay was good. The hotel rooms were comfortable and spacious. The hotel was very close to all the activities in the heart of Waikiki. Ala Moana center and Lewers street for good night life. The weather could have been better for us during our stay but the staff was always there for us with fast courteous and professional service. I have visited Oahu on numerous occasions and if you want to have a reasonable priced room just off the main drag this is the place to be.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>bobemac
<Content>A Waikiki bonus bargain I've been traveling to Oahu since 1966. For the past ten years I stayed at either the Hyatt Regency, or The Hilton Hawaiian Village. I was always a Diamond with both of those hotel chains,so I received upgrades to suites. I used points for my stays. Since I've retired, I needed to find rooms in Waikiki that wereclean, with extras like free Internet, and breakfast, located close to my favorite restaurants. Trip Adviser had the Aqua Palms ratedpretty high, so I made a reservation for two separate stays inAugust. My room rate was about one third of the two previous hotels,it was less than $100 per night. My check in was great, both the male and female clerks werefriendly, even the Bell man was great. The room is small, buteverything was nice and neat. Everything worked. On my second stay , I wanted a different room. I was contacted by a nice young woman who was Guest Service manager. She really wanted to help, and she did. Breakfast was a simple muffin, coffee, banana, and yogurt. If you are really starved, there's a dynamite Coffee House a few doors Mauka. The location rocks, it's directly across the street from thegigantic Hilton. You're on Ala Moana, which is the main drag to shopping, the airport etc.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>smithsgl
<Content>Even before we arrive we are treated with graciousness and hospitality.. Aloha Derek M Paulin Guest Relations  There are two Canadians with big smiles walking around British Columbia because of Derek Paulin. Thank you Derek. Mahalo Derek your kindness and generosity exceeded our expectations. Once again the Aqua hotels with their exceptional customer service, attention to detail and beautifully decorated rooms are winning customers over. Derek we have had such a great start to our vacation with your help. The Paulin family is truly benevolent.We know we are just small links in the huge chain of things that you have to do. Derek you showed exceptional service towards us, patients, and consideration. I have NEVER been to a hotel that cares so much about it's clients. I have travelled a fair bit.....Maui, Cook Islands, Trinidad and Tobago, but no one has ever come close to your kindness.Seriously, the Aqua hotels are rising to the top.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hawaiicustomer
<Content>Thank you from Atlanta I would like to say thank you to Aqua hotels for all the help I received from their hotels. I stayed at the Aqua aloha surf as well as the Palms. I would like to give a special thanks to Mark and Gene(Aqua Palms and Spa). I had a problem with my fight back to Atlanta; I only had about ten minutes to find another fight on another airline. Mark and Gene stopped in mid stream to assist me with find a fight out of Hawaii. And they found me a great price at short notice. I had started to panic; and they were they were great; Mark and Gene thank you so much for the great customer service you are what customer service is all about.Thank you,Lawona Warren  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SeasADream
<Content>Aqua's Palms and Spa Give Refuge to Healing Relations of Mother and Son       The Aqua is a block away  loaned me my boogie board!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>juhoo26
<Content>Don't Be Fooled I agree completely with the last review. We decied to stay at the Aqua Palms after much research on this website and their own. Well, shame on you Aqua Palms! You have a lot of false advertising out there. The pictures of the hotel on their website are beautiful. The rooms are colorful, and looked really nice, and I read several places that this place had been recently refurbished. The price was really good for Waikiki (should have been the first warning). Reviews on this website were mostly positive (I don't know where these people have been staying but this place is nowhere near a 3 star). And as far as the refurbishment, if it has been they got ripped off. I don't call putting up a couple of shiny granite tiles a refurbishment.We were so disappointed with this hotel from the minute that we walked in the door. The enitre hotel is dirty, dingy and looks like it is ready to fall down. I thought to myself well the room will be better. We were booked into one of their deluxe rooms. Room 702. Well if this was there deluxe room I would hate to see the others. When we walked into the room there was a smell, not a horrible smell, but a smell. The kitchenette ha ha, was right as you walk in the door. It consisted of a 24 x 30 (appox) counter with a tiny refrigerator, and a microwave. The room was falling apart, the wallpaper around air register was all missing, and the rest of it was all peeling off the walls. The carpet in our room was so filthy that we would not even let our 7 month old on the floor. The couch in our room was thread bare, completely worn through in some spots, and lots of questionalbe stains. The furniture was worn, old falling apart as well. The dresser drawers would hardly come out. The televison is so small and located all the way across the room way up high, so you can hardly see it. The airconditioner in our room rarly came on during the day and left the room hot and stuffy, but at night it ran full blast getting the room so cold that you could store meat in it. It didn't matter what setting you put it on, including the hotel recommended setting. The bathroom was small, there is no way two people can get in it at the same time unless one of you was standing in the bathtub. The bathtub was half size tub, literally, I have never seen anything like it. The hotel is on a super busy street so the noise is horrible. Ambulances, car horns, you name it we heard it. The balcony is small and the view nothing to write home about. We never used it because the railing looked as if it was about to come off and the bars were so far apart our two year old could have slipped right through. The hallways and elevators are another story. The carpet in the hallways is gross and so dirty I felt like I might catch something. The other funny thing is that the carpet doesn't go all the way to the wall on each side. It only goes to within about 3 and then there are these old, nasty, linoleum tiles, the rest of the way. That haven't been washed or swept for months (you could tell by all the dust). The hallways are not airconditioned. There was graffitti on the walls in the hallway on our floor, and in the elvevators.I didn't bother calling the front desk and complaining because I figured if this was one of the deluxe rooms it wasn't going to get any better. Also during check in Sergio was so rude and short with us I figured that everyone else would be as well. We used the Expedia concierge desk to book tickets which was convienient. However we had to wait for about 10 minutes for the guy to finish his personal phone call before he could help us. The breakfast is such a farce. They had two kinds of muffins and two kinds of juice and coffee. We ate there once and never went back. The pool is also a joke. They should probably call it a thimble. It is so small that only about 4 people can fit in it at a time. Overall this hotel is on par with a Motel 6, Super 8. Maybe a 1.5 star at most. On the mainland boutique means extra special, extra nice. This hotel left me with the feeling that maybe boutique means junk in Hawaiian. Spend a little more money and stay somewhere that is actually nice and not just made to look nice on a website. Remember you can do a lot with photoshop. Our entire stay in Ohau was marred by this hotel. Luckily we spent the next week in Maui at a great place. So don't make the same mistake.We didn't take any pictures because we just tried to stay away as much as possible. By the way, all of the other Aqua hotels I saw looked just as bad, so I would stay away from this chain at all costs.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	2	1	

<Author>mightyatlas
<Content>A great deal, and a perfect location! I lived in Hawaii for a couple of years, beginning in 1989. Since then, I've tried to make it back every year, or two. I used to stay at the Outrigger Hobron, but it was converted to condos a few years back. I tried a hotel way down in the middle of Waikiki, but I was miserable. I've always stayed on the Ewa end, and enjoyed its proximity to Ala Moana, and the Hilton Hawaiian Village beach and lagoon. So, after painstaking research, I ran across the Aqua brand. Had never heard of it before, but was willing to give it a shot. The Aqua Palms and Spa was in the perfect location, and was a good price, so I booked through hotels.com.What I didn't expect were all the 'perks'. Loved having a lanai in my room, along with a good-size mini fridge, good-size microwave, and my own iron, ironing board, and plush robes.The biggie, however, was the free high-speed internet. I use my computer alot (yes, even on vacation), and sincerely appreciate its availability in the room. Too many hotels either charge for this service, or make you go down to the lobby for wireless access. Also, the central air worked perfectly. Much better than those window-units that so many hotels have. Easy adjustment via a thermostat, and it held the temperature well.Another thing I really enjoyed, and appreciated, was the fact that the staff remembered my name, and greeted me whenever I passed through the lobby. Special acknowledgement goes to Princess, at the Front Desk, and Mark, the Doorman/Bellman. Both went out of their way to make sure I had a comfortable stay.I was in Honolulu to scout out accommodations for an upcoming family reunion, thinking we'd stay in a vacation rental, or condo. After staying at the Aqua Palms and Spa, I'm going to reserve five rooms there. :)  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TetonTerry
<Content>FLEAS IN THE ROOM! Terrible experience. OK, I arrived in Oah'u after a twelve hour flight and all I really wanted was to settle in and relax in my new digs. Got to the garage, where the entrance is on a 60 degree incline and barely wide enough for my midsize car... but this is nothing too serious, it just makes me want to walk everywhere. I have to go up a vacant and musty stairwell with all of my bags, arriving at a nondescript elevator which takes me to the pleasant lobby. The staff was very nice, free water bottles upon your arrival and a map of the area attractions. At this point, things were looking up. took the crowded elevator to my room and walked through a stinky hallway (smelled like cigarettes and feet) and find that the lanai I was promised when I booked my reservation is nonexistent. Also, the partial view of the ocean that you will pay $30 more a night for is a joke. Basically you get a tiny slice of the ocean (no beach) after you have cocked your head around the imposing view of massive construction. I immediately called downstairs about the lack of lanai, and they apologized and said that they could get me in the room I asked for in two days - no offer to refund the difference during that two days. Changed into shorts and tried to wrap up some work that I couldn't complete on the plane... after thirty minutes of sitting at the desk, my legs started itching. 15 minutes later - MY LEGS LOOKED LIKE A CONSTELLATION HAD FORMED ON THEM. I could literally see the fleas!!!!!!!!!!!!! I was furious, and felt like I was the hotel reviewer in Ocean's 13. Itching, and in a mildewish room, I was SHOCKED. Immediately, I called some other hotels, hopped in the shower, changed clothes, went downstairs and asked that I be checked out. I told the desk that I had literally been eaten alive by the fleas in my room and they offered me another... I said no way in the most polite voice I could muster. THEN - SHE ASKED TO SEE THE BITES ON MY LEG!!!!!!! I showed her, demanded a full refund for the $20 parking and the room, and, albeit reluctantly, she complied. Booked at the DoubleTree and had a great stay with MUCH nicer accommodations. It is worth the few extra bucks folks.I am not a terribly particular person, and I rarely complain about anything - food, hotel, service, etc. but this was the WORST HOTEL EXPERIENCE IVE EVER ENCOUNTERED. STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL!I'm shocked that this dump is in the top 10.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thedzoo
<Content>The Best service for the best price, great location ,Awesome Staff, Best Value We stayed here for a week at the end of August and were pleasantly surprised. We normally stay at the Hyatt or Hilton when we travel but this line has a corner on customer service. The rooms were spacious yet simple. Its located away from the hutle of right down town. The management provided the BEST customer service and friendliness i have ever received. We came for a last minute anniversary trip and they upgraded us to a higher room, The manager emailed me personally. The manager called me to make sure our stay was going well. She even set us a little box of Hawwaiian treats. This is not a resort hotel, but with the Hilton village across the street it might as well have been. Rooms were good with a micro and fridge. You have a direct line to the owner and CEO from your room of the company. Do not expect a resort but when your in Hawaai your pretty much in your room to sleep. They did everything well. The morning breakfast was good although they could use some more seating. My only complaint would be that the elevators were really slow. But whatever your on vacation slow down and get over it I told myself. Great hotel for a great price in a great location. STAY HERE YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED. FOR THE PRICE THE BEST AROUND!!! We will be back.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>evelynoyster
<Content>Disappointing I did a lot of Internet research on Waikiki-area hotels, and I ultimately settled on this Aqua concept for the price, location (across from the Hilton Hawaiian Village) and what I'll call a coolness factor for lack of a less ridiculous description. I also noticed that every negative review on Trip Advisor receives a personal response from the hotel with specific information on how the guest's problems have been addressed/resolved. The best thing about the hotel was the staff. Each staff member I spoke to, either on the phone or in-person was helpful, cheerful, knowledgeable and accomodating. Really very capable and friendly folks with some great perks like cold water and fruit upon check-in, free newspapers in the morning and they said they upgraded us free, apparently for no reason at all (although I sincerely appreciate the fact, after seeing the room, that fact was a bit hard to believe). The Aqua group of hotels all have a sort-of flavor and are all quirky and unique. It piqued my interest. Bottom line: The marketing is too good. Cool color schemes, hip names, free high-speed access, cool notepads  pens all make you think the hotel is a understated and no-frills but without being run-down or or boring in that Hampton Inn way. Unfortunately, our experience was that they spend a lot of money on expensive lipstick for the pig if you know what I mean. Furniture is old and rickety, bed was uncomfortable, carpet was dirty, halls and elevators were dirty. In addition, the Continental Breakfast should have been called quite literally, 2 kinds of bread, 2 kinds of juice and coffee. There was no milk, sugar, cream, etc. for the coffee, no jelly or jam, no Fruit Loops, no oatmeal. It was simply not a Continental Breakfast and so should not be marketed as one (see Wiki definition of CB for clarification). We were not expecting anything elaborate, but we were expecting milk and sugar for our coffee. I don't expect a CB, but I also don't expect to be misled. Hotel is right on Ala Moana Blvd. so even higher floors are very loud, and the hotel is not built to filter noise. We didn't take many pictures, because we stayed away from the room for everything but sleeping, and that's what you should do too if you stay here.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>chamgirl3
<Content>Where everybody knows your name! Great Value! I was expecting SO much less for what I paid and they went above and beyond their call of duty. We got everything we requested, a room on a high floor, number of beds, etc. The beds were comfy and easy to rest and relax in and the service was amazing! Everyone at reception (and the cleaners) were great but we had an exceptionally great experience with Princess. She remembered us from check in, remembered which kinds of massages we were interested in, and gave us everything we needed including great recommendations on where to go at night. Book your massages ahead of time if you know you want them because they were often booked if I tried to get one too last minute. The hotel itself is a perfect distance between Ala Moana Shopping centre and the main Waikiki strip; we never wasted money on cabs. I would definitely stay there again. It's also right across from the Hilton for your QUICK shopping and beach access. Ask for Princess at the front desk.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>flyingmonkey
<Content>two thumbs up If you're looking for value for money in Waikiki, this is a really great place to stay - I'd rate this higher than other hotels i've stayed at in the same price range. The rooms are clean and quite spacious (most have a small lanai) and come with fridge and microwave and nice-to-have stuff like bathrobes, hairdryer, iron etc. The bed is comfortable, there's a decent-sized TV with most cable channels, and the bathroom is good too (decent sized vanity, good water pressure in the shower, overall clean and well maintained) and the toiletries were nice. this hotel has central air conditioning in the rooms - thermostat controlled and it's quiet enough to leave on at night (once you've stayed at one of the numerous hotels in Hawaii that have a noisy old-school wall-mounted aircon with no temp control you'll realise why i think this is such a plus!). There is free high speed internet in the rooms (and wifi in the lobby), and local calls are free, so this would be OK for a convention/work trip too. The pool's not the biggest, but this is Waikiki so i don't get why anyone would hang out by a pool when there are lovely beaches just a short walk away! This hotel is about a 10min walk to Ala Moana Center mall/convention center, or to the beach. Also, just FYI, the sheets are changed about twice a week (which is perfectly fine with me since we don't change the sheets everyday at home), towels are replaced daily though. Overall, and especially considering the price paid for the room, I would say that this place was excellent and I'd definitely stay here again and would recommend it to my friends/family.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>BudmanColorado
<Content>Aqua Palms contines to be the best deal in Waikiki! My most recent and third stay at the Aqua Palms since February 2007 was the best to date. Superb check-in, better than expected suite room and great price underscores my satisfaction.Aqua Palms occupies a great location at the west end of the Waikiki area, near the beach and Ala Moana Shopping Center. It also offers comfortable rooms at a very competitive price.I travel to Honolulu on business and find that the Aqua Palms - with its convenient internal parking garage, kichenette area and free internet access to best suit my needs.The hotel staff has always been friendly and accomodating.If you don't need the glitter - this is the place to stay comfortably within budget!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>crusaderS510
<Content>The wave is the better hotel of all the Aqua's. The wave is the better hotel of all the Aqua's. Their rates are reasonable and cheaper than most. Spacious roms, fast elevator, free wifi, comfortable beds and good customer service. They have renovated most of the rooms and currently renovating the 2nd floor. Our room had mini fridge with freezer, microwave, and (2) LCD TV. The location is 2 blocks from the beach and right next to Intl market. Their parking spaces are limited and will cost you $20/day. Jamba, starbucks and ABC stores are located everywhere. The only cons are the sliding glass doors and windows are paper thin. We were on the 15th floor and we were able to hear all the cars, buses and drunks yelling at night. For its price, location and convenience I would definitely come back.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Daedals
<Content>Adequate and simple This is a good hotel if you don't want to spend a lot for big resorts. It's simple with no extra frills. It's a little longer walk to get to the main area of Waikiki but in such nice weather, who doesn't mind walking? I found the staff to be friendly and helpful. The fitness room is small, didn't feel drawn to use it. The pool area is also small but quiet and private. The free continental breakfast is decent-fresh fruit, muffins, juice, etc. Overall a comfortable hotel if you're on a budget.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>5irishones
<Content>Aqua Palms-nice price, nice location! Seven of us stayed the week of 7/25 thru 7/31 in a total two rooms. Very good price for a hotel on/near Waikiki! Rooms were very clean, if small; and some are still in process of being remodeled. Kitchenette is a bit of a misnomer, as there really is only a cabinet with a microwave, a mini-fridge and drawers with silverware and dishes. Still, a bit of a nice touch rather than needing to go out to dinner (fridge is great for storing doggy bags of leftovers, too!)Staff is friendly and helpful, and very flexible given some of our travelers' special needs---special shout out to Mark, our bellman, who was extremely helpful with some last-minute reservations, etc. that required some fancy web-browsing footwork. Mark was up to the task!! I would recommend this hotel if on a budget, but beware...if you rent a car, there is an $18.00 per night parking fee. More cost-effective to take tour buses, especially with all that Honolulu has to offer!!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>andykatTennessee
<Content>No surprises here       Hilton beach  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Ottawa-grouch
<Content>They can't fix their worst problem if you are a smoker, you might want to consider another destination than Hawaii. There are no smoking rooms, and you cannot even smoke on an open air balcony! (Well, you can, since you chance of getting caught are near zero, but it is the principle of the thing.)The hotel has a designated smoking area beside the hotel, sandwiched in between two car ramps. It stinks of diesel fumes, and is rather filthy. Not a pleasant place to be, at all.It is not the Palms fault, since the law applies throughout the state, but they COULD clean up that area a bit, and make it more presentable.Apart from that, its an average hotel, and like most in Honolulu, over-priced. You take what you can get, if that is where you have to go. Would I stay there again? Yeah, but only if I had to go to Honolulu in the first place. The Hilton across the street is a lot more expensive, but you get what you pay for.On the plus side, they do the rooms well. We needed a pad to make the bed tolerable - way too hard - but they supplied it promptly. The staff are friendly. The complimentary breakfast isn't much but it is free. The restaurant next door does a good breakfast, a tolerable lunch, but go elsewhere for supper.if you like a firm bed, and you don't smoke - this could be the place for you.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	2	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>chellekat
<Content>Excellent value for money We had a great experience overall - the location, staff and service were all excellent and we would recommend the Aqua Palms to people looking to have fun in the Waikiki area on a budget. We didn't expect to like the hotel as much as we did as we didn't book an expensive hotel, just a middle of the range one, as we're just a young couple looking to save our money. Right from the beginning, the friendly, smiling staff (front desk and porters) made us feel welcome, the hotel had a nice feel to it as it was much smaller than others and we liked the lovely shampoos and shower scrub, etc in the bathroom every day - they are from the Aqua Spa and smell delicious.We were just there for 3 nights, as a stop over from Sydney to Cleveland (perfect halfway point to recover from jetlag!) and would like to come back and spend longer so we can enjoy a massage at the spa and visit more of Oahu (we'd love to get across to Maui next time too). The hotel was quiet considering its location - we noticed some negative comments on the noise but it is on the main strip in Honolulu with lots of traffic - we are deep sleepers but I find it hard to fall asleep - however we both slept very well and everything was very comfortable. Only negative is the pool is small, but just right for a dip on a hot day and why would you need the pool when you have so many beaches near by? Very impressed - and this coming from us who prefer places much less commercialised than Honolulu (we like to get back to nature) - we found it very busy (we're spoiled by Sydney beaches!) and Waikiki not to our liking but it was all good fun, shopping close by, lots of good restaurants and the local people were lovely. Thanks for a great stay!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>teagurl327
<Content>It's just fine       construction across the street  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	3	3	4	

<Author>zarrah
<Content>good for spending time in hawaii cheap, but not good as a vacation spot It was on the border of OK and not OK . While the price was great. the people were really nice. The place felt pretty safe. The room didn't have mold in it .  The paint job looked so old. According to other sites they said they had done improvements on it I didnt see much unless they were talking about the bathroom( which was the only good part of the whole room). The bed definitely looked slept in . It just had a very old damp look about it, from the paint job to the sheets. Not really vacation spot. It more like a cheap safe motel stay and see hawaii. The bed was the worst part. If I had to give it a rating from 1-5 I would give it a raring of 1. The bed took up atleast 1/2 room ( not including the bathroom area) . I could go on on about how the bed ruined this ok room. But it is a short distance from many great beaches. It's a walk to the resort next door with all it's cool stuff. The bathrooms I heard before weren't all that great. I thought the bathrooms were the best part. clean with what seemed to be new granite counter tops I gve it a 5 out of 5. Dont expect eggs in your free breakfast b/c there are no eggs. It's a cheap, ok place, near some cool expensive places u can go see and enjoy.And it over looks the nicer resort which is so expensive but super cool. You cant really see the beach and this is from the 11th floor thats the toppest floor,right below pent house.  But all the places in the sorrunding areas seem really expensive to eat in . but not really most of the places seem to give you large portions of food. So if you order for 10 bucks most places will give you food for 2 so it's like ordering at 5 dollars a plate. And even the pizza was great. especially in th resort next door. The toppings were fresh and and loaded on, was really good pizza.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>2	3	1	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>willo84
<Content>What an amazing holiday We booked this hotel after careful considerations on price, location and reviews on trip advisor. The only worry we had was that it had received some bad reviews in the past. After the holiday we were delighted by the hotel and couldn't find any faults other than the lack of cash at the reception on a morning meaning we sometime shad to wait to cash travellers cheques.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>flash77belle
<Content>Excellent hotel and location for all ages We were 2 adults and a 1 1/2 yo and the hotel was perfect for what we needed . We had a microwave and a bath which was a priority for us but the other added bonuses was fresh coffee in the room daily or available 24hrs in the lobby in addition to the complementary continental breakfast The staff were great and actioned any request promptly. Rooms were clean and spacious and aways restocked daily .The location was equi -distant to Ala Moana shopping centre and downtown Waikiki, within 5 min to the beach via the Hilton Hawaiian village and heaps of amenities close by ie ABC shops and restaurants etc . There is construction going on nearby but we did not have any noise issues from this nor from the traffic below on busy Ala Moana Blvd. Vending machines are available on different levels stocked with soft drinks and snacks for those needing a midnight snack and also a laundry/dryer room which we found very convenient I would highly recommend this property for cost, cleanliness service and location - I could not fault any of it .  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>mkov86
<Content>Beautiful Hotel. Poor customer service.       The Kitchenette area!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>1	4	5	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>smartgirl247
<Content>Great deal, nice rooms, wonderful stay... It was a really great stay here are the Aqua Palms, we had a Studio Deluxe and it was very nice and comfortable. All the staff was nice too. Location is within walking distance to restaurants, Waikiki ... Next door is a great little 24 hour coffee shop, very good value for the money. We would definitely stay here again, but next time a few days longer :-)  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Miroro
<Content>Truly sweet...       Hotel Aqua Palms  Spa  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gatorfanFl
<Content>loved the aqua palms Absolutely wonderful! I had the pleasure of staying here for two weeks (because of my job) and Berna, the front desk clerk went out of her way to make sure I had everything I needed to feel comfortable. I have no doubt that when I return, this is the hotel I will return to. Very comfortable and inviting. The rooms are very clean and I loved the fact that I could sit out on the balcony in the evenings and have a great view of the city lights. The only complaint I would have is the elevators. I personally think they were a little slow.Linda, Panama City, FL  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cubanoz
<Content>Great Place to Stay Off the main strip of Waikiki, this hotel is a great place to stay. The customer service is exceptional and everyone there is just very, very nice. It's a nice walk to all of the major sites in Waikiki and I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay a little out of the way of all of the major hubbub on Kalakaua Ave. On Wednesday evenings, you could get a massage and a nice glass (or glasses) of wine and meet the GM or Asst. GM. Karen at the Front Desk is a DOLL...very sweet. I loved it.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>abs57
<Content>Pretty good deal My husband and I stayed at the Aqua Palms for three nights on our honeymoon (our first stop on a two week vacation) at the end of June. Oahu was the one island where we were trying to save money a little, so we booked this less expensive hotel. It is on a busy main road, so if you have a street facing room (which we did), you can definitely hear the traffic (and the construction noise from across the street). But we weren't expecting the sound of waves so not a big deal, especially considering you won't spend much time in the room.The room itself was big, really nice marble bathroom, little kitchenette, really comfortable bed and a nice balcony with a nice skyline view. Even though we were on the fifth floor, the parking garage takes up 2 big floors, so you feel even higher.Check in was annoying, because we got there 2.5 hours ahead of check in time, and they weren't able to accommodate us until a little after 3. I'm not used to that, most hotels I've stayed at the rooms are always ready, and of course we were antsy to get our vacation started and get settled in. They weren't very apologetic either. The free breakfast is great for saving money - mini blueberry muffins and joices, nothing fancy (it's a small spread right in the lobby) but a nice touch.The bus stop is right outside the hotel door which was very convenient for some of our day trips. The Hilton is right across the street - they supposedly have a great bar, but we didn't make it there. Two great restaurants that we ate at were right down the street - a Thai place right on the corner (I think it was called Singhai, best spring rolls we've ever had!!!) and Cheeseburger's, which had some great food and drinks. Duke's in downtown is a fun place, very hopping. Avoid the Shore Bird restaurant, you have to grill your own food and it takes forever, total disaster.Other things to note, Pearl Harbor is packed even by mid morning - we got there at 10 am and couldn't get to the Arizona until 1pm. Hanuma Bay (sp?) snorkeling is completely overrated - we snorkeled in Maui and the Big Island afterwards and HB pales in comparison. Go to Kailua Beach instead if you want the beach experience, we heard it's beautiful but never made it.All in all, it was a great stay in Oahu, our first taste of Hawaii, a decent hotel, a lot of history and landmarks to see. We did most everything we wanted to on this island, though, so when we go back to the islands we probably won't do Oahu again.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>jeanfl
<Content>Nice property, nice rooms nice management I have been to Waikiki 7 times in the last 10 years. This hotel was the best . It was fresh, clean and the room amenities were thoughtful. The front dest even offers a cold bottled water as you register. There was fruit, coffee and local newspapers in the lobby as well. The staff was very friendly and responsive. Not a good hotel for kids or partyers, but excellent for everyone else.A really good 24 hour coffee shop is downstairs at the corner. It was convienent to busses,taxi's and walkable to the shopping and beach.Please note- this is a nonsmoking PROPERTY, and cigarettes are not allowed even on the balconies or the parking garage.There is a little bench with an ashtray well away from the lobby,but as most all of Hawaii is now non smoking, I would have enjoyed being able to light up on the balcony.A very recommended hotel!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MarieZB
<Content>great price for a good hotel Spent 5 days at this hotel in June. I booked off the hotel website, and paid between $98-118 a night with the Triple A rate. I thought this was an excellent deal considering the room included free internet, safe, continental breakfast buffet, free local calls, and a decent ocean view. We were given the free bottles of water at check-in, and even got a free 5 minute massage and wine at the manager's reception on Wednesdays. The room isn't large, but didn't find it to be too small for 3 people. we had a queen size bed and a couch that folded up for my daughter. The bathroom is quite small, but they have nice bath products. The bathroom desperately needs a hook onthe door to hang used towels. I would have liked to re-use my towel, but there wasn't any place to hang it. The location of the hotel is convenient to everything, and we mainly used the Hilton Hawaiian Village becah, or would walk down to the main part of Waikiki. We also walked to Ala Moana shopping center, which was only 10-15 minutes away. Yes, it is quite noisy from all the construction across the street, so bring earplugs! They did have free beach towels to lend! I would definitely stay at Aqua Palms again. It's a great deal for the price!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>MICHTEACH
<Content>what a find! What a wonderful find this small hotel property was - we were right next to the very pricey Hawaaian Hilton and right off waikiki beach. Mark the bell captain was a wonderful source for making our stay memorable. The price was great and we would recommend staying here and using the money you save on sleeping arrangements for your entertainment while here. Mark helped arrange tours and pick ups and had answers or suggestions for anything we thought of and even some we didn't. Great buy - Great Stay -  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>LionsPaw
<Content>One Wonderful Week! If you are searching for an affordable hotel close to the beach in Waikiki, I would like to recommend the Aqua Palms. The reception deskstaff was consistently polite, friendly and very helpful. Mark, the bellman went out of his way to answer questions about the island of Oahu. The agents at the travel desk were very knowledgeable and the eco~tours that they booked for me were all fantastic. Tour busses andairport shuttles pull right up to the front door of the airconditioned lobby so you can wait safely and comfortably. My room was on the 11th floor, overlooking the lush grounds of the Hilton Hawaiian Resort across the street. I enjoyed my coffee each morning on the lanaii as the sun rose over Diamond Head. Loretta, the housekeeper kept my room immaculately clean each day. The bathroom was decorated like a new condo... marble and chrome and again, fresh and clean as a whistle. The TV with built in DVD player was a great feature as you can rent movies at the Block Buster a few blocks away at a fraction of what other hotels charge for In Room Movies. If you go online at [-----] and you will learn that The Aqua Palms Hotel offers so much more than you may expect for the price. However, the icing on the cake is truly the staff. A special thank you to Dawn, the manager. Her employees were like a happy family ..... seriously, they sincerely offered Aloha Hospitality with a smile and did a beautiful job to make me feel welcome.Mahalo from Arizona!!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>babyblue_501
<Content>Fantastic Hotel! Excellent Value For Money Me and my boyfriend travelled to Hawaii during our touring trip of western USA. Due to paying out so much money for flights etc, we were looking for a cheap hotel near the Waikki beach area. We picked the Aqua Palms due to having excellent reviews on here, and because the price was so reasonable.The rooms of the hotel were absolutely stunning. Our room was huge, but was decorated beautifully. We had a small kitchen area with a fridge and a coffee maker, along with complimentry essentials. We also had a balcony which was overlooking the back of the hotel, but we could see the ala wai canal.The pool of the hotel was a bit small, but there were plenty of sunloungers and chairs. We also used the gym a couple of times and had a massage in the spa room, which was pretty reasonably priced, but book in advance if your planning on having one. The staff at the hotel were very friendly, and helpful when we had various queries, and there is also a guy called Roberto who is an Expedia rep, which is great if you want to book day trips. The location was fab as it is around a 10 min walk from Waikki beach, 10 min from the shopping centre and 15 min from main Waikki town. Overall we had a fantastic stay, and would definatly recommend people to stay here, as it is excellent value for money.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pacifica_gal
<Content>Good Hotel - Not Exceptional After a couple of spot-on Trip Advisor recommendations, I had very high hopes for the Aqua Palms. Although the hotel was fine, it was nothing exceptional.Having arrived in Honolulu in the evening, we drove by the hotel the first time - more signage visible from the street would be a big help. There wasn't a clear indicator as to where we should park to check-in. Some signage would make the arrival process a bit smoother. Tip: Drive just past the front door and park in the loading dock.As other travelers mentioned, the hotel parking lot is fairly tight. Having a smaller car makes things easier. When you push the elevator button, make sure to pay attention when one of the cars arrives - the doors close pretty quickly.Our room was spacious and clean. We had a studio that included a microwave and refrigerator which came in very handy. Our room didn't have a balcony, which we didn't mind as our room was at the back of the hotel not facing the ocean. The bathroom was a nice size, but the tub/shower were smaller than usual and a little dark because there was only one light in the bathroom. The bath amenities were great.The hotel is across the street from the Hilton Hawaiian Village where you can easily get to Duke Kahanamoku Beach. The Hilton is also a pick-up spot if you plan on taking any tours (we took a snorkel tour with Captain Bob).The Aqua Palms is about a 20 minute walk to downtown Waikiki, which can be good or bad - depending on how you look at it. But it's only a 5 minute walk to Eggs and Things, which is a great breakfast spot. Try and get there by 8:30 to avoid really long lines. The hotel is a short 10 minute walk to the Ala Moana Mall which is the largest outdoor mall in the world! If you get tired of going to the beach, you can spend plenty of time at the mall.I think others may have mentioned noise being an issue. Although the street noise didn't really bother us, our neighbors did. The balconies are very close together. So if your neighbors are outside late at night having a party or talking until the late hours (which ours were), you can hear every word of they're saying. It made it difficult to go to sleep.This was our first visit to Hawaii, so I can't compare the Aqua Palms to other hotels in the area. I don't know if I would stay there again, given there are so many options in the area.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>hgreen92
<Content>Perfect for travelers on a budget My stay at the Aqua Palms was most enjoyable. The location is perfect, you are away from the hussle and bussle of downtown Waikiki, yet you can walk to the mall, the beach, a park, and several restaurants and stores. Our room was very spacious containing a king bed and a pull out sofa. We had ample closet space and a nice view of the pool. Plus if you looked to the right (past the construction), we had a view of the ocean.The room was very clean and the houskeeping staff was very friendly and extremely accommodating to our schedule. The front desk staff was very helpful and accommodated our late check out request. By far, my favorite person there was the Concierge, Roberto Vargas. Not only was he extremely helpful with directions and planning activities, but he was super nice and very entertaining-he should have his own comedy show!I also had a wonderful experience at the hotel spa. The prices are pretty reasonable in comparison with what you would pay at some of the larger hotels. Although the hotel does not have a restaurant, the rooms do have a fridge and a microwave. Plus there is a grill at the pool which you can use. Also, the diner next to the hotel has great food. Very inexpensive (you get a 10% discount with your room key) and very larger portions. I would definitely recommend the Aqua Palms and Spa and would stay there again or at one of the other Aqua hotels!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>OwahooEd
<Content>Convenient, Comfortable, and Affordable I stayed five nights here in June 2007 with my wife and daughter (2 yr old). First day, we found ants on the desk which the cleaning staff promptly took care of. But it left the room a bit smelly. I did find some food crumbs on the carpet which might have been the cause and led me to believe the room was not vacuumed. The next day, the cleaning staff did not clean our room when we came back around 2pm. But it was cleaned after coming back from the pool later that afternoon. Our room was simple and had a very small balcony (other rooms had a full lanai with chairs and tables). There was a decent view of the ocean behind the massive Hilton property. It was nice that the TV had a DVD player so my daughter can watch her videos. We found the Aqua Kit useful for storing groceries and for heating up leftovers. Bathroom was clean with granite countertop and what appears to be travertine tile. But we could've used more lighting near the shower/tub area. Although we had no trouble sleeping, this side of the hotel can be a bit noisy with traffic from Ala Moana . The pool was small (4 ft. deep) but perfect for taking our toddler in. The free breakfast had small pastries, fruit, coffee, and juice which was fine to start the day. They have gated parking ($15/day) but the garage is a little tight. We took The Bus one day and it stops almost in front of the hotel. The hotel is across the street from the Hilton Hawaiian Village where there are shops, eateries, and beach access to a less crowded portion of Waikiki. We went through the Hilton almost everyday and enjoyed some of the property amenities without paying twice as much to stay there. Overall, the Aqua Palms was a comfortable place to stay in a convenient enough location at an affordable price. We love visiting Hawaii and wouId consider staying here again. If it were not for the negatives mentioned above, I'd probably give this place five stars.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	2	3	-1	-1	

<Author>SugarWahine
<Content>Best deal in Waikiki! Okay, I love Hawaii and travel there often..... so when I travel there now all I want is a clean bed and a clean shower..... I love the big, upscale hotels with all their glamour, but for the money, the best bet in town is the Aqua Palms. Its a bit rough around the edges, could use a carpet cleaning and some touch up paint, but the staff is friendly and helpful and the location is excellent. I had to get a cab at 5:30 a.m. to catch my return flight and the cab was there ready and waiting thanks to the hotel setting it up in advance. The bed was comfy, the room large and nice toiletries in the bathroom, which was also clean and acceptable. The room comes equipped with a microwave and fridge as well as coffee maker. Its all good. As for the construction.... well, most of Waikiki is under construction right now, so you will be hard pressed to miss it regardless of where you stay. The pool is tiny, but that is typical for Waikiki hotels. The only down side was the hotel not having some sort of pool/beach towels to take with you... they probably lose quite a few bath towels because of it. If you are first time visitor with a larger budget, yes, you may want to stay elsewhere, but for me, its a perfect place to stay.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lrawlings
<Content>Perfect for the convention! This is a great hotel! The location was perfect - I could walk to the convention center. The hotel is small, but the rooms are beautifully furnished with refrigerator and microwave in each room. The lobby was sophisticated and featured a concierge who was helpful with shuttle reservations and info on other events and attractions. Free kona coffee in the lobby all the time! Hotel staff was friendly and professional. A bargain-priced hotel with a luxury hotel feel.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>2impatient
<Content>"Just OK"       Nice view of Diamond Head in the distance  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>theburg60
<Content>Best Waikiki value This smaller hotel is right across the street from the Hilton Hawaian Village and about 1 block from the beach. The staff was knowledgeable and helpful; the free breakfast was muffins, juice, fruit, and coffee/tea. It was small but enough to take one to lunch. The room had a small balcony, room service that was adequate, a large microwave  medium refrigerator, and free internet service. In all, an excellent value for Waikiki. I'd stay here again!!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>deftonesmo
<Content>I don't want to let Waikiki's best kept secret out, but . . . this is the best place to stay in waikiki. . .close enough to the beaches . . . far enough from all the noise . . .close to restaurants . . . parking on-site . . . nice staff...free brakfast . . . we will be back!~  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NowWhere2Next
<Content>Perfect Experience!! The Palms was excellent! We were here on our honeymoon, so we wanted nice, yet affordable. It totally exceeded our expectations throughout our stay. We loved the location. The views were great. We had a city/Diamondhead/ocean view room. Across the street from the Hilton Hawaiian Village - which was perfect to get to the beach or for a little shopping, entertainment (they had mini hulas and such), and food! We were able to get a pizza from the pizza shop and have our own dinner on the beach. But the HHV does have a patio restaurant right there by the water that the public can dine at too. We would get a beer and their nachos for a snack. The room was good. The decor was nice - casual Hawaiian, just like in the pics on their site. The breakfast room service was excellent. We always ate in and on the lanai. The staff was friendly, always smiling. The parking garage was great, easily accessable; cheap. Check in/out was smooth...no surprises. The free wifi in room worked. We were able to store the laptop in the room safe free of charge. They had a concierage (sp) desk that did not pester you...you just go up to him/her for tour info, day trips/adventures. the location was perfect. It was at the end of the strip so there was less hussle and bussle, which made it more relaxing. The pool is a nice alternative to the beach, if you just want a quick dip in salt-free water. The hotel was awesome for the price we paid!!!!!!!! Stay here!!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>TiggersFarm
<Content>Excellent, great value Excellent hotel, wonderful service. The lobby is clean, the service great. Continental breakfast included bananas, oranges, apples, 2 types of muffins, orange juice, cranberry juice, coffee. The coffee is very good.The room was clean, equipped with small fridge, microwave, iron, ironing board, plates, silverware and small bottles of shampoo and lotion.We had a lanai that overlooked the back of the hotel, which was an empty lot. The lanai had a small table and two chairs on it.Aqua Palms was happy to hold our luggage before check in and after we had to check out, before our plane arrived.Other reviews said that this is a noisy hotel. I noticed outside traffic, but that would be very hard to avoid, right downtown Honolulu.In short, this is an affordable hotel, good service, clean, nice rooms. It is a block from the beach, a very short walk. I would stay here again if I have the chance.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TexasDrew
<Content>Stay at Aqua Palms Our stay at the Aqua Palms in Waikiki was a pleasant experience. We spent 6 nights there and did not have a negative experience with anyone. The room was comfortable and the staff was attentive to our needs. My only complaint was the noise from the traffic on Ala Moana Blvd. We were on the 7th floor of the hotel and we could hear the street traffic as if it was 20 feet from us. The balcony door was closed, but it must not have been insulated at all. Nothing the staff could do about this, however.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>physioT
<Content>Great value hotel Great value resort situated across the road from the Hilton. Easy walking distance to Ala Moana Shopping Centre and the Fort DeRussey Beach behind the Hilton. Within walking distance of Waikiki (15mins). The Bus stops in front of the hotel so very convenient for travel around the island. There is no free shuttle from the hotel to waikiki.The rooms are very small. We had a studio room. Difficult to manoevre around your luggage if you have lots of it. We were on the upper level so were not too disturbed by the traffic noise but I can imagine noise would be a problem on the lower floors. The bath is not full size in the studio and there is no way an adult can have a bath in it. We appreciated the microwave and cutlery in our room. Internet access was generally reliable throughout our 3 night stay.The pool is very small and a bit disappointing, but with such lovely beaches, there is no need to go to the hotel pool.Overall, we found this hotel to be clean, convenient and good value and would not hesitate to reccomend it to others.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>GalaLawrence
<Content>Great Location, Friendly Staff, Reasonable Pricing Pluses: This is a great location - close to the beach and Hilton Hawaiian Village where most of the activities pick up from (i.e., parasailing, atlantis sub, etc.) The room was great - got the studio deluxe with the diamond head and ocean view. I liked that the room was modern with a private balcony, cable, DVD player, refrigerator, microwave, some dishes, shampoo + conditioner + lotion + body scrub, two bottles of complimentary water upon checkin. The Bellman, Mark, was a delight and very helpful in assisting with the checkin process and suggesting things to do locally. There is also an Expedia Local Fun representative from 8-5 in the lobby to book excursions/attractions. Roberto was great in getting me scheduled for these items. Housekeeping did a fine job and did not knock on the door at 8 am to clean the room as I have experienced at other hotels. Minuses: You do have to go down to get towels for the pool. No water in the gym..make sure you bring your own. It was very dark in the shower as there is no light directly above it. There is no variety with the continental breakfast...I basically ate the fruit and bought other items to keep in my room for cost purposes. The noise from construction is pretty loud, however, a traveler must remember that they are going to Waikiki, not maui, which makes the top ten as the largest cities in the US. In any of the top ten cities, construction and traffic is to be expected.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>abitooc
<Content>Will stay here again       diamond head view from lanai  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>happy2bealive
<Content>Exceptional value at Aqua Palms Aloha!We stayed at Aqua Palms May 9th - 16th. Booked a Studio Moderate with lanai for 3 people for the first 4 nites, then for 2 for the following 3 nites. Requested 2 Queen beds and the same room throughout our stay (we had 2 different back-to-back reservations). Also asked for a quiet room and notified them that we needed parking.Check-in was a breeze. The front desk staff had got all our requests right and we were given Room 1027 - a city/mountain view room with lanai at the end of the corridor. Porter service was excellent and they had our bags up in our room in no time and also took time to explain the room fixtures etc...Room - newly-renovated and very well maintained. Beds firm and everything was spotless. Bathroom was small and really had nowhere to hang our towels but the hotel toiletries were great and replenished daily. Housekeeping also very friendly and everytime we popped by, they were vacuuming the room which is good to know. Our lanai had a great view of the quieter (back) of Waikiki and the mountains afar. The room was also exceptionally quiet which is very unusual for Waikiki! Brand-new fridge/ microwave/table setting/coffee maker with complimentary packets of coffee, also replenished every day. Free Wi-Fi came in very handy. Safe also free. Air-con did its job but comes in blasts which can be noisy! We noticed too that our room seemed to be sloping ever-so slightly at an angle but it wasn't a big deal.Parking - if possible, rent a smaller car! The ramp up and down the parking lot is at a steep gradient and corners are tight. We had no problem with our Compact and lots are plentiful. $15 a day self-park cheap for Waikiki.Lifts - they have 3 but at times can be rather slow.Laundry - 5 washers and 4 dryers on the Parking Level 3. $1 per load. Detergent dispenser machines also available. Did laundry twice and didn't have to wait both times. Decor much to be desired. Looks like a bad dorm laundry.Location - across from the Hilton Hawaiian Village, next door to the 24-hour Wailana Coffee House ( you get 10% off your bill when you flash your room card). The rooms facing Ala Moana look like they get an amazing view of Waikiki!Lobby - coffee free all day and simple Continental breakfast everyday from 7.30-9.30am. Free newspapers at reception. You can get beach towels and deck chairs also from the reception.Staff - all full of Aloha and all seem to be happy and proud of their job. Nice people at Aqua Palms.Check-out - room bill not itemized but accurate and fast. No complaints.Overall, the best value hotel we've stayed in Waikiki so far! Love it that's its newly renovated and well-maintained. The staff make you feel right at home and location is fab. Will return to this hotel in flash! Enjoy!  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JiminDC
<Content>Great Vacation We stayed at the Aqua Palms Hotel from May 5 through May 16. I found this hotel to be a great value for the money. There are much more elaborate hotels in Honolulu for more money and less desirable hotels for less money. But this is a good, clean hotel, conveniently located, with a friendly staff. The morning breakfast is a nice touch as is the weekly Manager's wine reception. I will stay at the Aqua Palms again and encourage anyone to give it a try.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>itsjustlittleoldme
<Content>Here's your fair warning! Staying at this nasty hotel ruined my whole Hawaii vacation. The hotel staff was nice, and that was the ONLY plus for staying there. The lobby was very smelly, smelled like a sewer, all 5 days I was there. The elevators were snail-pace slow and hot and sticky. the hallways were also hot. The only Ice machines were in the parking garage, which did not look safe at all. My first night was spent in a very tiny room right beside the elevators. Every time the elevator went up or down, I felt I was riding it instead of trying to sleep. I was moved, after much complaining, to a better and bigger room; however I was charged more after being told I would not be. The continental breakfast was very bad and there's no restaurant in the hotel. There is no view except for other high-rise buildings. It was an overall awful experience, that I will never repeat. If you want to save money, staying at a One Star would probably be better, because this was NO 3 star as it has been advertised!  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	3	4	2	

<Author>whitedolphin
<Content>a comfortable stay at Aqua Palms       Aqua Palms Spa and Resort  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>CountingDan
<Content>Great Service at Aqua Palms Stayed at Aqua Palms for one day after a 7 day cruise. Bell Staff was excellent, watching our bags while we toured the island prior to check-in, getting us towels for the beach,  suggesting places to visit. Rooms were very nice  roomy for under $100  provided a view of the ocean off a small balcony. Would stay here when we return to Oahu for a longer stay.Very pleased with Aqua Palms!  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>beachbabe66Kelowna
<Content>Nice Hotel The hotels staff was fantastic, housekeeping was incredible. We didn't get to sample the complimentary breakfast because it ended at 9am. We did enjoy the coffee house at the end of the street. I would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HLinkowich
<Content>So noisy, Need double pane windows at least! I arrived at the Aqua Palms for a two night stay and immediately got nervous because the hotel is located right on the main drag of A la Moana where the bus line runs and it is a 4 lane expressway. I had never been to Oahu so I wasn't familiar with the city. Upon arrival, the staff was very courteous and put me in a 9th floor room on the back side of the hotel after telling them that I am a light sleeper. Even though they put me in one of their quiet rooms, the sound of traffic was deafening throughout the day and night. I slept with earplugs and noise cancelling headphones just to try to block out the noise. There was no sense in asking them to change my room because it was in their quietest location. During the day, the sound of construction at a nearby hotel was awful. I had no peaceful time at all in my room. In addition, the bathroom was small and did not have a bath tub. Other than these negatives, the room was fully updated and decorated very nice. I enjoyed the fresh fruit from their continental breakfast in the morning, but don't expect more than apples, bananas, juice, and muffins. I was hoping for pineapple. The bed and pillows were comfortable and I was never without hot water. The walk to downtown Waikiki is short. Beware of the $15 parking charge that is not advertised! I would choose to stay in Turtle Bay next time away from all of the chaos.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>sleepyh
<Content>average standard hotel we spent 3 nights in this hotel on our 2 month round the world honeymoon - I think we had been a bit spoiled by all the great value hotels we had stayed in on our trip particularly Thailand  NZ, so the room in Aqua Palms seemed very expensive for the money, but sounds like everything in Hawaii is expensive! We had stayed in far nicer rooms for far less money - the room was ok but nothing to get excited about3 nights in Waikiki was more than enough for us - terribly commericalised, unattractive beach, constant traffic. The hotel concierge was very entertaining  we booked two trips through him - one whale-watching which was quite good and one tour of the island including pearl harbour. Don't know what we would have done otherwise - there's only so much time you can spend wandering around the shops! (highlight of our stay was the couple next door having a HUGE row!!)  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>MissouriDarwin
<Content>A Great deal for less! I spent 6 days at this hotel last week and enjoyed the experience immensely - the room was city-facing and did not have a lanai. BUT, it was clean and there was a dvd player available to watch movies when not touring the city. The desk staff were very gracious and the room was cleaned daily. DON'T depend on the free breakfast if this is the most important meal of your day - I'm not into breakfast, so the juice and muffin worked well for me. Wailani Coffee House next door is a good deal for bigger spreads. DO see Roberto at the Expedia!fun desk for great suggestions for tours - my recommendation to those interested in smaller group tours is Oahu Nature Tours - definately do the 6am hike to Diamond Head for breathtaking views and a fun workout!  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>DeenieChicago
<Content>Fantastic gem for the price We stayed at the Palms for 5 nights in early April and found it to be excellent. When we arrived our room was waiting and was even upgraded to a balcony room with a peek view of Diamond Head. While this is not a plush hotel, I would say that it would be comparable to a Hampton Inn on the mainland. . Many have complained about the small breakfast, but there was more than enough to take seconds and thirds if you wanted. The room was very clean and quiet. Breakfast consisted of two different juices, coffee, muffins, croissants and assorted fruit. Certainly more than enough to get you started. I must say that the coffee is terribly strong so unless you like it that way, stay away from the coffee. There is no restaurant at the Palms but you do get a 10% discount at the diner next door however it was truly a diner and not to our liking although the service certainly is quick. The elevators were not slow at all as others stated. Since we were proceeding to cruise for 11 days I needed to do laundry and found the machines and dryers easily accessible and the dryers very efficient as they dried a load with one use rather than twice like some machines require. While the soap dispenser was out of soap, once I reported it, within 5 minutes they came with my choice of soap and even offered to explain how to use the machines etc. which I didn't need. They have 4 washers and 4 dryers but I was told virtually no one uses them and I can see why. When in Hawaii unless absolutely necessary why would you do laundry?The managers reception is a wonderful time to get to meet others and the wine, entertainment and free massage was fantastic. As others have stated, it is walking distance to everything and if you didn't want to walk, The Bus stop is across the street by the Hilton. We didn't rent a car and did not feel at a loss without it at all. In fact, most of the locals don't own cars but use The Bus system.When leaving they called a taxi for us and were so pleasant and kind I would definitely stay here again. Oh yes, those cookies are absolutely fabulous!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>NEAlohaGirl
<Content>Excellent for the Price! My partner and I stayed at the Aqua Palms for 7 nights during Dec/Jan 2007 and had a fabulous time. The amenities that we received for approx $130 per night were outstanding. The rooms were clean  comfortable and the continental breakfast was very good. With the location only about 1.5 blocks from the beach and only 1-2 blocks from the Waikiki Strip, we found it to be the perfect distance to the majority of our wants  needs...The Aqua Palms staff was helpful and courteous and went out of his/her way to make our stay memorable. One of the employees, Mark, was especially helpful and took his own personal time to tell us about great hiking spots, restaurants, beaches, and special areas of interest. As first time visitors to the island, it was very helpful in making site seeing decisions.As much as we enjoyed our stay, we did have a couple of concerns to pass on... If you are staying at the Aqua Palms, know the directions to get to it! The parking ramp is steep and located on a busy street (Ala Moana) so a little preplanning will really help out! Our last concern was the laundry facilities... There were plenty of washers but only 2 working dryers for all of the guests. Needless to say, we ended up at the laundromat!As far as recommending the Aqua Palms, we would definitely recommend it to family and friends - especially when traveling on a budget!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>maui2007
<Content>Great value for money We stayed at the aqua palms on two, one night occasions. Both times our experience was excellent. The first night we were upgraded to a suite which opened onto the pool deck. The second night we stayed after returning from Maui we were allocated a PH room on the top floor - which had a great view. Staff were helpful and concierge organised airport transport efficiently. We travelled with a one year old and there was a crib set up for her and the fridge and microwave were very convenient for her milk and food. Location was great even through it wasn't directly on the beach. Access to beach via the Hilton was very close, easy walk into Wakiki and also only 10 min walk to the AlaMoana shopping centre.Would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>teresazum
<Content>Relaxing and Fun First time my girlfriend and I visited Hawaii. The staff, especially house keeping (Nola) and the service was excellent. The spa message was amazing. Well worth it all. Would recommend this hotel to a friend and return again. Location is good and off the main street in walking distance.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>BarrieRes
<Content>CLEAN, Friendly  CLEAN, Friendly  Great ValueWe Choice Aqua Palms based on Trip Advisor Reviews and are glad we did. We stayed 3 nights before and 5 nights after a cruise. We really enjoyed our stay. The staff was friendly and very helpful with all inquiries. The Wednesday night Managers Reception was enjoyable with wine and a live 4 piece band. The Hotel itself is very clean and features some nice amenities. Our room had 2 very nice bath robes, shampoo, soap and body scrub with Aqua Spa own label. . First 3 days we were on the 2nd floor and last 5 on 10th, both rooms were comfortable with ample space. The pool was clean and well maintained with plenty of lounge chairs. Our view was limited to seeing Honolulu as we opted for a city view instead of an Ocean view, we were there to sleep. Access to all of Oahu is right at the doorstep with tours or rental vehicles. We caught HE BUS?Oahu transit system and got over to the Arizona Memorial for $2.00 each. Take Bus #42 or #20. Around the corner is Alamo Car rental with cars right on site, no need to go to the airport to get a vehicle. Tours are available right from the front door, we did 3 tours with Oahu Nature Tours booking them on-line before we left for our trip.At the corner is a fantastic restaurant the Wailana Coffee House- excellent food at a reasonable price. You have got to try their Banana Split. Another excellent spot is the Shanghai Bistro in the same mall as Alamo. The Continental Breakfast at the hotel is very basic but good, juices, fresh fruit, muffins, croissants and coffee. Overall the Aqua Palms exceeded our expectations for the price we paid. If we ever go again Aqua Palms will definitely be our choice.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TXStoney
<Content>100 dollars more per night in addition to the deluxe rate 100 dollars more per night in addition to the deluxe rateTen nights April 3 thru April 13. Booked the deluxe because reports here warned of the standard room being too small. The deluxe was too small and upgraded to only tier rate available according to Princess at the front desk. She gave me room 1201 next to the elevators, which could be clearly heard, through the wall in the bedroom.The next night 10:30pm the smoke alarm started to chirp the low battery warning in the bedroom and maintenance could not fix it. They said it would be fixed in the morning. I asked to move to another room. They gave me a room down the hall so I moved myself immediately and they let me know the room was at the same tier rate.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>salster44
<Content>Better than expected I stayed at the Aqua Palms over spring break with two of my children. I had done a lot of research and was looking for a decent place for a reasonable price. I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the hotel for the price. It is right across the street from the Hilton Village (beach access), close to shopping and bus stops, and a car rental agency is right down the street. The concierge was knowledgeable. The room was always clean and the bathroom had granite counter tops and was also clean, though small. I would stay here again if going to Waikiki. The continental breakfast wasn't great, but yes, free. Ask for a room on a higher floor if you can. The hotel is right on Alamoana, so you are going to hear some road noise--hard to get away from in the area. The bed was decent, but the sofa sleeper was tough to sleep on. I would ask for a rollaway, they are often better than the sofas. Staff was friendly and helpful too.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Stuart11
<Content>Great staff and great value Highly recommend this hotel. Great location, very friendly and helpful staff, and nice, clean rooms. Our first night we were low and at the front, which had an awesome view. However, the front has a busy noisy road, but this was OK because the parkade below buffeted the noise. After our cruise we stayed three nights, this time at the back. It was very quiet, with a nice balcony, and even had a half decent view. Pool is tiny, but with the beach so close, who cares? Will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>trinigrl
<Content>Good place - good service! We stayed at Aqua Palms for a 3 day layover in Honolulu on our way home from Kauai.The hotel was a good place to chill out for our short stay. The room was clean and comfortable. The king size bed was extremely comfortable! Overall - we were very happy with this hotel and found the employees to be very friendly and willing to go the extra mile to make you feel at home. A tip: the hotel offers complimentary continental breakfast as part of your room price ?but do not expect breakfast - more like a very light snack to get you through until you can go out and get a real breakfast!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Inglenook
<Content>Good value basic hotel in Waikiki The Aqua Palms is offers a good value basic hotel on the edge of Waikiki. Stayed here for 4 nights at the end of March / beginning of April 2007 as part of a vacation in Hawaii.Paid $182 per night for the room.Location is at the western end of Waikiki, on Ala Moana, which is one of the main roads through the area. It is not on the beach, which is a walk of a few hundred yards either through the Hilton Resort opposite or through the local Park. Buses run to central Honolulu, Pearl Harbour and other areas of Waikiki from just outside the hotel - the 4 day bus pass on the local buses for $20 is a good buy if you want to visit places around the area.Location is good for shopping - the huge Ala Moana shopping center is 1/2 mile to the west, plus the Waikiki shops are an easy walk in the opposite direction.Room we had was a good size, with a separate small area for coffee and with a microwave. Nice balcony, though this was overlooking the main road, which is noisy during the day. Also there is building going on at the Hilton Resort opposite - again only during the day and it did not disturb us.Facilities at the hotel are limited. There is a small swimming pool - fine but can get crowded very easily. Our deal included a continental breakfast. This is VERY poor - served in the reception area on the ground floor, the food is very limited and of poor quality - bananas/apples plus croissants  muffins. Croissants were small and squashed flat and were served without jam or other accompaniments. There is very little space to sit in the reception area. Fortunately there is a nice 24-hour diner 50 yards up the road from the Aqua Palms, which serves a good breakfast. We used this most days.So, if you are looking for a good low-cost hotel option which is away from the noisier parts of Waikiki this is likely to be OK for you.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>wappr
<Content>Value  We traveled as a family of four. I always check out the internet and trip advisor to get the real scoop on any hotel or resort we plan on staying.We were pleasantly surprised by the quality and service of this moderate hotel.For value and location you can't go wrong. You're right across the street from the beach access from the Hilton Hawaiian Village and right next door to a 24 hr cafe with decent quality food and price!We rented a car and used it every day to go to the other sites..I recommend it even with the parking fee of $15. It rains occasionally and we were in complete control of our outings.The rooms (we had 2) were comfortable and functional. New mini fridge, microwave, and tv's....with guest bath robes and ironing boards in the closet.Bathrooms were in good condition with nice toiletries.The continental breakfast was decent but not great...mini muffins, mini croissants, and freash whole banana's, apples, and oranges...OJ, coffee, and tea...anything else is extra.The kids enjoyed the pool along with other guests....small but it made sense since it is a boutique hotel....They will also give you complemetary boogie boards for the kids and beach mats....great friendly service...if you want more then this you need to pay to stay at a luxury hotel....  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>inseine
<Content>Great value at this charming hotel This place is an incredible value for the money. We booked a standard room on Expedia. When we checked in, I found the room we were given to be small but impeccably clean. There was only a shower in the bathroom and the window (not lanai) overlooked a parking lot and the roof pool of a nearby hotel. Still, you don come to Hawaii to stay in your room! When we returned from sightseeing on that first afternoon, management informed us that they needed to do unscheduled maintenance on our room and would we mind moving? Since we hadn unpacked yet, this request didn faze us a bit, and they moved us up several floors to a very large room with ocean views. Would I have paid more for the ocean view given the choice? Maybe not. The view was very nice, but there was some traffic noise even though we were high up. (This never kept up from getting a great night sleep, though). I might have paid more for the larger room, but I am not sure that all ocean view rooms are larger. As other reviewers have mentioned, the rooms are nicely decorated with a beach theme, and the granite countertops are a nice touch. Our second room had a good-sized bathroom with a bath. The bed was very comfortable. The continental breakfast served right to your room or available for pick-up at the front desk is a nice touch. Service was always extremely friendly. The pool is small, but is nice for a quick dip, and the beach is a short stroll away. There is a grill available for use at the pool area. One morning, we picked up fresh shrimp from the seafood market downtown, put them in Ziploc bags with some marinade, and left them in the fridge. That night, we skewered the shrimp and threw them on the grill and picked up some rice and vegetables at the Chinese restaurant next door ?a homemade meal at a hotel! I found the location to be great ?just a quick stroll away from beaches and shopping and easily accessible. The coffee shop around the corner is great value, and your room key gets you a discount. When you check in, you receive a coupon book. Check this out ?I didn flip through it until after I had paid two full-price admission tickets to the battleship next to Pearl Harbor, and the book includes a buy-one get one free coupon! Hotels in Hawaii are expensive ?there is no getting around it. If you can handle smallish rooms and not having the beach on your doorstep, then you will appreciate the great value for the money at the Aqua Palms. I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>missmetro
<Content>Perfect for precruise The staff at this hotel are terrific and very helpful. It is on the edge of Waikiki but so close to everything. Almost anything you want to do or see is in walking distance. You can use the Hilton across the street. The bus stops in front of the hotel. The rooms were very clean. Breakfast is fruit and muffins but they are good. Next door is a very reasonable diner open 24hr a day. You can book tours and cars directly from the hotel. we rented a car from Alamo just a 1/2 block down the srtreet which then provided us a free shuttle to the cruise ship. Beach chairs are for rent on the beach. the pool at the hotel is tiny but youy have the beach across the street. We highly reccomend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>WorldTravelerAlaska
<Content>Best value in town...       View from room...  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelingbl0nde
<Content>This place has great help! The Aqua Palms was a great place to stay. Right on the border of Honolulu and Waikiki it was close to several things we had planned on our trip. Close to the beach, the shopping mall, great restaruants, and a rental car place! If you need help with anything, restaraunts, shuttle scheduling, luggage, places to go, things to do, etc ask for Mark. He was SO helpful and kind! An all around good guy. Hope you enjoy your stay as much as we did!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>dlb9746
<Content>Best Bang for your $$$ Stayed here 4.5 days in March '07 prior to taking a cruise out of Honolulu and returned for 1.5 days after the cruise. Return flight didn't leave until late p.m.; but Aqua Palms kept our luggage locked up for us all day. Great location - trolley stops in front; Diner next door serves good food -especially breakfast. Hilton across the street - can catch tour buses there; Used Roberts Hawaii for excursions - excellent service for excursions and to/from airport. Easy access to Waikiki Beach - just walk through Hilton. Aqua Palms front desk personnel always courteous - processed our return airline boarding pass. Not a great continental breakfast - just small muffins and croussants - but juice and coffee plentiful. Mall within walking distance (long 4-block walk) or just take the trolley. Beach towels at the front desk a nice amenity also. Street noise pretty bad for floors 6 and lower. Halls are hot - elevators are slow - but I can live with that at the rate I paid compared to other hotels in the area. A great hotel for the price.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	3	4	

<Author>luvs2travelSfCa
<Content>Adequate  Our stay here was adequate. Room was clean and staff was courteous and polite. Decor was pleasant. My only compaint is the bathroom was musty smelling and the sofa bed was so uncomfortable that it could not be slept in. My roommate had to sleep on the sofa after one nite of sleeping on it as a bed. (He did not want to report to the front desk) The toilet seat cover (top part) broke the first day we arrived...no big deal. I reported it when we checked out, then went back to the room to get the luggage. Before we even got our luggage out the door, a maintenance person came to repair the toilet seat. Is that service or what??!! If I ever stay here again, I will ask for two beds instead of a sofa bed.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>rtpac
<Content>Awesome value!!! We picked the Aqua Palms for a one night stay prior to flying back to the mainland after a week in Hawaii. The first three nights were spent at the Halekulani, then flew to the Big Island, then back for one night at Aqua Palms. After staying at the Halekulani, I was prepared to be disappointed but chose Aqua Palms because it was inexpensive and sounded clean. I had no idea what a great deal I was getting!! We had a deluxe studio with a living area, balcony, kitchenette area, sofa and king bed. The room was super clean, view overlooked the ocean with peak at Diamondhead. This room fronted Ala Moana Blvd and construction and was on the 6th floor, but noise wasn't too bad. I expected it to be much worse. I'm a light sleeper and I slept like a baby. Amenities were from their spa....shampoo, conditioner, body scrub, lotion and there were 2 great bathrobes in the room! Much more than I expected for $113 (AAA rate). Staff was great....gave me two bottles of water on check-in which was nice after a hot trip from the airport. Hilton is across the street and worth checking out...lots of animal exibits and beautiful gardens. Diner next door is good and cheap.....lightning fast service. Overall, this place is a gem....only negative was slow elevators. The amenities, price, cleanliness and service put it up there in my book and I would stay there again in a heart beat!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vau604
<Content>Great comfortable hotel in a good location The room was clean and modern and included a small fridge and microwave. Some rooms have a small balcony but ours did not but I would rather spend the time at the beach than on a balcony anyways. There were nice granite countertops and nice new carpet. The front desk will give you a beach towel and that towel service was great. They are also very friendly. Continental breakfast was mini croissants, small muffins, juices, Lipton tea, and coffee (that looks like sludge and tastes awful). If you want to walk to Waikiki beach be sure to cut through the Hilton Hawaiian Village to shorten the walk. You can also walk to the busy touristy part of Waikiki in about 20 minutes (1.2 miles to the Waikiki Shopping Plaza). The bus stop right outside can take you to Ala Moana Center (biggest outdoor mall in the world) and downtown Honolulu. We even took the #42 bus all the way to Pearl Harbor in 40 minutes for just $2. From Honolulu you can also transfer to a bus to go to Bishop Museum. We also got massages at the spa and they were the best ever. Only complaint is the slow elevator and the fact that it is a tad bit further from the hustle and bustle of Waikiki than I would have liked. But for that price, it's fine to walk.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>TexasJanie
<Content>Woweeeeeeeeeee! We stayed at the Aqua Palms from March 9, 2007 for six nights. Upon check-in we were upgraded automatically -- I didn't ask. The room was 206 if you get the chance to sleep there and it was but a patio door from the pool. In fact, the ONLY room in the hotel with direct access. We were worried the pool would be loud in the evening, but not so.....and it was spring break. The room was recently renovated and is in pristine condition...king bed w/queensize couch pullout which was new and a HUGE room. Even had a breakfast room sized glass top table with three side chairs upholstered in a tropical motif. Very nice indeed. Also, has the small refrigerator, microwave, few dishes, coffee w/maker which is so convenient. Continental breakfast consists of bananas, apples, oranges, orange juice, pineapple juice and coffee.....plus muffins which was plenty for me and served from 7:30AM-9:30AM.On Wednesday we were there for the Manager's Reception in the Lobby with a band, wine and cheese. Derek who was serving the wine made sure we were well taken care of...what a sweetie..! Front desk personnel were very, very helpful and cheerful.... Location is great just as the other reviews say. I can't address the small rooms since we were upgraded and only on the second floor, so the slow elevator wasn't an issue for us either. We didn't have a car, but we told at checkin the parking rate. Actually I knew that beforehand from their website. If you do book, go on their website and book as that was the cheapest rate I found........look for special offers or something like that.Yep, we'd sure stay there again -- especially in Room #206...GREAT. Overall impression was that this is a great location, friendly staff and nice place for the price and the price is certainly right for Honolulu. Also, there's a tourdesk in the Lobby where we booked tours..........Ricardo is a hoot..!!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TACharlotteNC
<Content>Phenomenal Place! This is one of the best kept secrets on Waikiki Beach. The hotel sits directly across the street from the Hilton Hawaiian Village on the edge of town. My wife and I celebrated our 25th anniversary in Hawaii and spent the first 3 nights at the Aqua Palms (before going on a 7 day cruise). The hotel is clean and had everything you need, hair dryer, coffee maker, microwave, refrigerator, etc.(the bed was awesome). I read all the positive reviews on here before booking the room and decided to take a chance. NOW, I can tell you first hand they are all 100% true. DON'T waste your money paying $300.00 a night to stay 100 yards closer to the sand. We stayed on the 19th (?) floor and had a great view of the ocean and Diamond Head. Not to mention, when you are walking to the beach you walk next to or through the gardens of the Hilton Village. The staff was friendly and always helpful, especially at the conceirge desk. The clerk (I think his name was Robert) booked an island tour for us. The continental breakfast was all we usually eat anyway, but if you want a complete sit down dining breakfast, a restaurant is next door and gives you a 10% discount if you show your room key. When it was time to leave for our ship, a staff member had a cab waiting for us within 2 minutes. I can't get over how perfect the Aqua Palms made our vacation. Like most of you reading this, you've probably never been to Hawaii and have no idea what to expect other than what you read in reviews. I invite anyone to contact me and I'll be glad to share my experience at this nice hotel. I will stay there again!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jdarling
<Content>Realistic Review The location is great. Only a few blocks from Waikiki Beach and Ala Moana Shopping Center. There's a great little coffee shop just a block away.The rooms are very small! We checked in late and were put in 703. This is the smallest room in the hotel. We requested to be moved and were moved into 809. Still, the room was very, very small. Every third room has a pillar that runs down the front of the hotel and cuts the room size and cuts off the balcony that other rooms have. This was very disappointing. The bath tub in this room was too small to bathe in. There is virtually nowhere to hang clothes or wet towels and there is almost nowhere to set your luggage.There is a nice refrigerator and microwave in each room. There are even dishes to use. However, when you use the dishes they are not replaced. They are only rinsed by housekeeping and put back. This is not sanitary. The room was clean over all and there were very few bugs. The bed was hard and uncomfortable. The pool is miniature and not big enough for swimming. The fitness room has one treadmill and one eliptical machine.The staff is super nice and friendly! Overall this was an average experience for me. The room size was a major problem and there were only two of us. Perhaps this is the best value for the money in Waikiki. This was our first stay in Oahu. However, we do quite a bit of travelling and this was definitely the smallest room I have ever stayed in.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	5	3	

<Author>Tippet
<Content>Good value My wife and I stayed at the Aqua Palms in Waikiki from March 2, 2007 through March 4, 2007 based on the reviews we had read in Tripadvisor. We were not dissapointed.The Aqua Palms has a good location in Waikiki and the room was adequate for our needs. Be cautious in the parking garage. The spaces and turns are very narrow. The hotel charges an extra $15 per day to park. You can walk a block over to the beach but have to acces the beach through hotel alleys or through the hotels themselves. The Hilton Hawaiian Village Hotel is right across the street.You can find a Starbucks and McDonalds about a block west of the hotel along with an ABC Store which sells most anything you might need. A half a block east has a nice Cafe.Roberto was the Concierg at the Aqua Palms and was very helpful on where to go and recommending restauraunts.Overall the Aqua Palms was perfect for those like us who just wanted a nice place to sleep overnight while we visited the Pearl Harbor memorials and the North shore of Ohau.This hotel was a good value for the money.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>MEH3110
<Content>Loved It Very clean, very comfortable room with microwave, fridge and DVD player. Waikiki trolley stops right out front. Walk through beautiful Hilton grounds to get to beach. Excellent customer service. Best value for the price. Will be our #1 choice next time we visit Waikiki.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Dodyv
<Content>Great Value all around Since my preferred Honolulu hotel was filled I explore other options and based on reviews chose this hotel. It is away from the mainstram madness of Waikiki which is a plus for me, yet convenient to a number of places. My room looked over the Hilton which a view of the ocean on either side of the rainbow tower and had a nice balcony with e chairs and table. The room was good sized with a most comfortable bed. Climate control was easy and effective. The bathroom was quite small but utilized the space well. I liked the idea of the microwave and refrigerator along with coffee pot. Another complimentary feature that was greatly appreciated was the high speed internet as well as the safe. Both of those items usually feature surcharges at more expensive hotels, but were free here. People have complained about the slow elevators, but they must have fixed the problem by the time I arrived as I rarely had to wait more than 30 seconds for one. Also, regarding the breakfasts - how often do you have any sort of breakfat included with the hotel. For me, coffee, fruit pastries and juice was just fine....and you could have as much as you wanted. Yes,the pool was tiny but provided a sunny and relaxing place to read a boook or take a quick dip. The beach is 5 minutes away. I had a massage and I know therapists can differ, but the massage I received from Dante was one of the best I've had I felt like a new person after getting all those sore spots worked out! Other staff were friendly and very accomodating. This is not a deluxe hotel, but it had some features that are not iincluded in the room rate of more famous establishments. It's a boutique hotel and it delivered what was advertised in a very good way. I would stay here again for a number of reasons.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>australaura
<Content>Great hotel, amazing value.         
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Agrodge
<Content>Not very good A group of three of us made reservations at the Aqua Palms for a business trip. When we arrived we discovered that two of us had rooms but one of our reservations had been cancelled via a fax (even though the person had a confirmation number and never contacted the hotel). There were no rooms available but we were told they would put the person in their sister hotel, the Aqua Marina and would move her into the Palms in two days. BAD mistake! The Aqua Marina was a dive: dirty floors, no A/C, bugs, shower not working, rude employees, and the dead bolt was broken. However, being the only option, she kept the room. When we went back in two days the Aqua Palms had again lost her reservation! That was it. We all checked out and fortunitely able to get rooms in the Waikiki Hilton across the street (a very, very nice hotel). The Aqua Palms itself is not that great either. The rooms are adequate, but nothing to write home about. The staff is courteous, but don't go out of their way to help. The elevators are slow (only 3 of them for the whole hotel). And the rooms are noisy. All in all, if the Hilton had not saved us, the trip would have been an almost complete disaster.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	4	2	1	

<Author>local2urist
<Content>They got Aloha Spirit Me and my husband recently stayed at the aqua palms were we enjoyed outstanding guest services and breathe taking rooms. Me and my husband live here in Oahu and stayed at numerous hotels in Waikiki but our stay at the palms is one that we will never forget. Its nice to know that locals can receive the same kind of aloha as tourist. When we arrived we were greeted by bellman Hans who was friendly and professional. When we went to our room the floors were spotless and the decor was delightful . Along with the room rates which accommodated the rooms. On valentines day me and my husband went to the mangers reception that was held in the lobby. We especially enjoyed the live entertainment and complimentary wine. We also had the pleasure of meeting Kahealani the assistant general manager who is friendly, polite and professional. The aqua palms is full of aloha spirit, wonderful guest service and beautiful rooms with a great location. This is the place everyone should stay. Thank you for an unforgettable experience.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NAG&KAB
<Content>Can't go wrong.... We selected this hotel because it was rated so highly by tripadvisor reviewers. We enjoyed our stay here, and am pleased to say that relying on tripadvisor ratings for hotels has not let us down yet. The staff were friendly and the room better than average. The decor was dated, but there was plenty of space, a comfortable bed, safe to lock valuables away (not charged extra for) and clean bathroom. It was always a pleasant place to return to after a long and hot day at the beach, as the air conditioning worked well too. There are many restaurants to have breakfast nearby, so I would recommend to go out for it unless you don't mind an apple/banana and small muffin. There was no dining room, so breakfast was served in the lobby on paper plates. You won't regret staying here for your time in Honolulu!!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>turls
<Content>Enjoyed Aqua Palms Had four nights at the Aqua Palms mid January '07.The hotel is of decent standard, it is clean and all the staff I encountered were very friendly, helpful and polite.Main room area is large, bathroom quite small-fridge, tv and microwave all in the room.Breakfast is only really fresh fruit and a drink of coffee, it is very basic and served in the reception area, but don't let that put anyone off, there is a very popular diner open 24 hrs just 150 metres away if you are wanting a more substantial breakfast.There is a small pool on a terraced area which is ok, but the hotel is only a 5 mins walk from fantastic beaches.The hotel also has its own laundry which operates for just a couple of dollars a load washed and dryed. Good experience at this hotel, all Honolulu nightlife etc is within walking distance-just opposite the Hawaiin Hilton resort where we found lots going on and non residents welcome.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>screen111
<Content>The place most people are looking for       hotel  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>aruedagarcia
<Content>Some hidden secrets here I spent 5 days in Waikiki and 3 of these were at the Aqua Palms.It is great. I had no problems. I love the fact that in my ocean view room I also had a view of the facade of the Hilton Hawaiian Village, right across the street. A very nice view.I cross the street and I could walk on the outside gronds of the Hilton Hawaiian Village. Great to take pictures and see the waterfalls on the outside of the hotel. From the Aqua Palms I can walk past the Hilton Hawaiian village, for 5 to 10 minutes, and I am at the Beach. The reat thing is that the walk is trough a nice public park, not between buildings. It was great for the price per night of 119.The room inside had a nice bed. The flat TV screen was good enough for me. It has a DVD player on the tv, not a separate one. I had some comedy DVD and I would pop it in at nite and enjoy it. Well I sugest to get out of your room and enjoy the outdoor and the nite life.The bath room had a tub. the hotel is not that old.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sun_palms
<Content>Great price for the location. My husband I travel to Hawaii every year to visit my parents and so it wasn't luxury we were looking for but convenience and location. The Aqua Palms is no frills, but the cost is unbeatable compared to many other hotels in the area. Stayed for eight nights with the lobby constantly bustling, but it was as if we were the only ones on our floor; the nights were very peaceful. A couple of issues I had were that the lobby leading to the elevators had a very musty smell and certain floors smelled of sun tan oil. I guess that could have been from all of the tourists traveling to and from the beach, but just not a smell we cared for daily. Continental breakfast was always ready at 7:30, just in time for us as we finished up with our run and the juice, muffins and fruit were nice to have. Other guests did not seem very friendly, which was very sad considering how beautiful Hawaii is. For the price, we would stay at the Aqua Palms again. If you are looking for luxury, this is not the place for you. If you are looking for a place to sleep, shower and keep your belongings, then this is the place.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Bay_Arean2
<Content>I'll Be Back!       Better view of the construction  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RowieSeattle
<Content>Value for money! Worth the stay Glad we stayed at the Aqua Palm. It is value for money. The only things I wish they had provided are Kleenex and toilet seat with cover. I read that people complain about the lame breakfast, but hey, you are staying at a value hotel and if the muffin is too small for you, you can take a few of them. By the way, this hotel offer much more things FREE than 5-star hotel. For example, use of in-room safe, high speed Internet access, fridge and microwave. Our room was clean and pleasant. One more thing, check the hotel rate before your departure from home, if you find a cheaper rate on any Web site than your booked rate, call the hotel and they will honor it. That's what we did and saved us $60. Wish you a good trip.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>waikerie
<Content>Never again... After reading the good reviews, I booked a room at this hotel. I live on a neighbor island, and visit Honolulu pretty regularly, and yet, this hotel was almost impossible to locate. When I went to check in, they had no King beds -- if I had known that, I wouldn't have booked. Finally, they found one, and we went up to the sixth floor. They did their best to accomodate our needs -- however, the room was very tiny, the toilet ran all night, and the television set was ceiling mounted, making it very difficult to watch. The room was clean, and the carpet and drapes were new -- but the furniture was old and shoddy. If you're looking for the lowest priced place to sleep, this will due, although they short sheeted the bed, which further annoyed the situation. Parking fee is high - $15 per day -- and their garage was the tightest I've ever been in. The hotel is centrally located -- the bed was comfortable enough to sleep on -- there was a small fridge, micro, and cups, plates and bowls for 2 -- but, next time, I'll pay another $50.00 and stay in a better quality hotel.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>lafemme83
<Content>Stay here Great Value for a comfortable hotel. Not luxury but quality. Only complaint was the breakfast was too small. Next to hilton which is a plus.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>globetrotters21
<Content>Great Place for the price       bathtub  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>cutiekaren
<Content>Aqua- my hawaii adventure begins here!       Entrance to the Aqua palms resort  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>docsluv2travel
<Content>Great Hotel - will stay here again Great hotel! Our room overlooked the Hilton Hawaiian village and Fort DeRussy, so there were lots of people to watch and lots of green trees. We could see the ocean between hotels in the distance. We had one of the smaller rooms, so our lanai was only a couple of feet wide, but it was enough to stand and look out. The room had a bed, sofabed, table with two chairs, and a desk. The bed was VERY comfortable. The bathroom was small, but clean and enough for our needs. The room had a fridge, microwave and coffee maker. They gave us more coffee when we asked for it. Breakfast consisted of juice, coffee, fruit, and blueberry muffins. (And esspresso for $2). If you need more than that, you can buy it at the ABC store on the corner and eat in your room (that's what we did). The hotel is not right in the heart of Waikiki (which we found to be a plus - less noise), but there is a bus stop right outside. Buy a 4-day bus pass at the ABC store and you are set to go anywhere on the island. :)We loved this hotel! Very clean, great price, helpful staff. We would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kaaron
<Content>Very comfortable and clean The Aqua Palms is a very nice and comfortable hotel. The rooms are small but very nicely appointed with a ktichenette. The hotel is directly across the street from the Hilton, and it's nice to walk to the beach and the mall. I would defiitely choose the Aqua Palms again.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>quezmom
<Content>The Palms is great We stayed at the Aqua Palms at two different times during our mid-November vacation to Hawaii. We stayed for a couple of days when we first arrived, then went to Maui for a few days and stayed again upon our return to Oahu. Both stays were a great experience. Both rooms were adequate size with comfortable furnishings. Both rooms had a refridgerator, microwave, coffee maker and a lanai large enough for two chairs and a small table. One room was pool side. This room had a great view. It overlooked a park, so there was a nice green space. To the right you could see the ocean between a couple of buildings. The view at night was beautiful with the city lights. This bathroom was small but adequate. The view from the other room, on the back side was less attractive. Another condo hotel was pretty close - no park to serve as a nice green buffer. But sitting on the lanai was still an enjoyable way to spend an evening. The bathroom in this room was large and well designed. The rooms and public areas were very clean and well maintained. The staff was very nice and helpful. Keali'i was particularly helpful. They are happy to give you towels for the pool (or beach). Your in-room coffee is not restocked, however, if you ask the front desk they will give you additional packets of coffee. (Plus there is always coffee in the lobby.) We bought a Hawaii Entertainment book on Ebay and used it for Polynesian Cult. Cent. admission, rental cars on both islands and dinners. Overall, can't say enough about Aqua Palms (for a small non-resort hotel).  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>casso
<Content>Nice Hotel, Good Location, Rip off taxis! We stayed here for 6 days  had never been to Hawaii before.Travelled from LA with Hawaiian Airlines - never again! we were told there was something wrong with the plane  delayed 5  1/2 hours so didn't get to the hotel until after 1am.The taxis at the airport have a way of charging that I have never heard of  it is a complete scam - they fill the car with many people going in the same direction, (in our case it was 6 people, a family of four  the two of us).The fare on the meter said $25.00 however the taxi man told us $28.00  when we said this should be split as there were two different parties travelling to two different hotels he said that they will also pay $28.00,......so the taxi company makes people share the taxi but they can't share the fare!  the taxi gets double the fare for the same trip!We got alot of taxis during our stay in Hawaii  most of them either try to keep all of the change as a tip when you haven't told them to or they just add a few dollars to whatever the meter says!The hotel was nice, we were upgraded to an ocean view room as by the time we got there all city rooms had been taken, we were quite high up  the road was fairly noisy in the morning but got used to it after a couple of days  didn't notice it.Most of the staff were friendly, a few of them could have been nicer  less grumpy!The pool is tiny  seems to be family (not tourists) who used it most of the time, but you don't need a pool when the Hilton Hotel accross the road has a beach!If you have a massage in the spa, DO NOT ask for aromatherapy oils to be used, I am a massage therapist  aromatherapist so was looking forward to a nice hawaiian massage  paid $10 extra for aromatherapy oils to be used.The masseuse used only peppermint oil all over me, peppermint is not meant to be used in a full body massage!It wasn't too bad at first  was refreshing on the feet, but by the end of the massage my eyes were stinging  watering so much I looked like I was crying, I was absolutely freezing  had to have a very long hot shower to get rid of the peppermint when I got back to my room!I should have said something but she had very little english so it just wasn't worth the hassle  she had already got my boyfriend to pay  asked him how much he wanted to tip - before I even had the massage!!The hotel is about 10 minutes walk to Waikiki  is very close to Ala Moana Shopping Centre, the trolley to the shopping centre or waikiki is just outside the door of the hotel  there is a 24 hour restaurant next door.Would probably stay at this hotel again mostly because of the price.Will definitely go to hawaii again - but not with hawaiian airlines the plane from hawaii was broken aswell  we were delayed over 3 hours, how can 2 planes in less than 1 week be broken!!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>BigDiverChris
<Content>Very Nice Hotel       Night view from our balcony  
<Date>Dec 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>funinthesun24
<Content>Great for the price This hotel is a great price for what you are getting. It is right across the street from the Hilton Hawaiian Village as mentioned in previous reviews. They truly have the most sand space. We went over to the Royal Hawaiian's beach one day and it was SO crowded, you couldn't even find a spot to put your towel on...even if you did you would be literally inches from the next person! If you want to stay away from major beach crowds, stay at the Aqua Palms. You will save money and have a prime beach location. They also have a complimentary breakfast that includes yogurt, juice, and a pastry. They deliver it to your room at the time of your choice or you can pick it up in a to-go bag if you are heading out early that day. We usually had ours delivered (they were always on time or a couple minutes early), but one day we scheduled an early morning trip to Hanauma Bay so we picked it up at the front desk. Perfect little snack! The rooms look exactly how they are in the photos. Also, the staff is great. They have an Expedia activity desk person to help you with booking any activity. There is also a Starbucks in walking distance...as well as a rental car place--you don't really need a car in Waikiki but if you want to take a day trip to the North Shore you can just rent a car for a day then walk back to the hotel after you return it. Convenient. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>skroes
<Content>Great hotel What a great hotel- my husband and I stumbled upon it while we were researching hotels. After reading the reviews on this site, we decided to take a chance at it. There isn't much more to say that hasn't already been mentioned in the reviews. We agree with all of the POSITIVE comments. One thing to add however: if you are looking for a great sports bar- go and visit Ricters Sports Saloon, which is just a short walk from the hotel (1778 Ala Moana Blvd) The owners, Steve, Burd, and Justin had just opend for business while we were there. They made us feel right at home, as we spent alot of time there! Ask for the Mirror Pond beer.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Mimmay
<Content>Can't wait to go back!! I just returned from a week long stay at AQUA Palms and Spa, it was very enjoyable. I wasn't in the room much more than to sleep and get ready in the morning...but who would go to Hawaii to stay in the hotel all day? Customer Service--From check in to check out, the staff went above and beyond the call of duty to ensure that I was taken care of. Room--Was nice sized for a moderate room, very clean and tastefully decorated. The Lanai had a table and two chairs on it. We had a view of other buildings, but it was still nice to sit and relax in the morning. Mattereses had the pillow tops and they were comfy!! The microwave and refrig came in very handy as most resturants gave you more than plenty food....was great for leftovers. The morning breakfast was just enough to get our day going. They provided towels to use for the pool and/or beach, it was nice not to have to worry about one extra bulky thing to pack. Free internet service in the rooms and lobby was a plus even though I didn't take advantage of it. I'd go back in a heartbeat!!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>carbs
<Content>Good deal good location We spent four nights at Aqua and were in a relatively new double room on the 9th floor for a good price on such a busy weekend! We didn't have much of a view beyond other hotels, but did appreciate having a balcony with chairs. The room was small, had very little closet space, but did have two queen size beds (as reserved), microwave, bar fridge and cutlery and plates... and was reasonably well decorated and clean! The location is great with walking distance to everything and the bus to the mall right outside. We spent most afternoons a 15 minute walk away listening to the live music on the patio at Dukes :-)We found the Aqua service fast and friendly. Only downside was the long waits for elevators. Continental breakfast is just that...juice, some fruit, tiny muffins and coffee or tea. We would stay there again!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>kathyapp
<Content>Aqua Palms Okay - Great Location - Rough Spots to be Aware Of My family of 3 (adult son, 89 year old father, and myself) booked 2 rooms for 7 days at the Aqua Palms starting December 1st. I booked these rooms several months ago requesting 2 beds with each room. My request was confirmed. If you book 2 beds for your room be aware that one of them will be a sleeper sofa. It was only upon arrival and first examination of the 2 rooms that we discovered one bed and a sofa sleeper in each room. The hotel staff claimed a 2 bed/room confirmation is for the second bed to be a sofa sleeper and also claimed the sofa sleepers to be new and in excellent sleeping condition. My son and father shared one room number 412. Son, who weighs about 225 pounds, slept on a sofa sleeper the first night. He said it was the worse bed he's ever slept on. The cross rails cut into his bad back and the innerspring mattress was no thicker than about 4-5 inches. I'm significantly smaller and upon laying on the bed myself put a huge bruise on my elbow from hitting a cross brace. When we filed a complaint we were told there were no other rooms with anything but sleeper sofas for the 2nd bed, they would check into a foam pad from housekeeping - no such foam pad available at this hotel. A sympathetic desk clerk arranged for a rollaway twin bed to be brought to the room and did not charge us the extra $15/night for it's use. My son slept much more comfortable on the rollaway bed.I stayed in room number 714, a studio, and since my traveling partner expected to use the 2nd bed couldn't make the trip I had plenty of room. The room was obviously remodeled in the past couple of years and was fairly comfortable. But when the air conditioning activated it sounded like a hurricane going through the room. The thermostat allows the temperature setting but not the fan speed. Given it's warm in Hawaii there is a need for air conditioning. Everytime it turned on in the middle of the night it woke me up.On the last night I was there I moved to another room, giving my room to my son's arriving wife and child for their remaining 3 day stay. The new room, number 720 just down the hall was very similar and had a much quieter air conditioner.The rooms are basic studios with the single bed, sofa sleeper, nice flat panel tv, granite countertops, microwave, decent sized fridge, and a coffeepot (flat bottom filters).I also had an interaction with the Monday-Friday Manager of Reservations located at this hotel when I tried to book the single room for one night. He was pretty nasty at me, quoted a rate, and said take it or leave it. He needs advanced training in better customer relations skills. The remaining front desk staff were all very professional and helpful, especially Sergio and Ginger.My family didn't partake in the morning continental breakfast for many reasons. One of which was the availability not being in a breakfast room but in the lobby, meaning any person wanting a seat pretty much had to fight for it. I solved the problem with the purchase of single serving cereal boxes, a quart of milk from the very conveniently located ABC around the corner. Grab a banana or two from their bowl and you're set to go. I also brought extra coffee pot filters and purchased a 1/2 pound bag of Starbucks pre-ground to use in my room.You can't beat the location of the Aqua Palms. It's right across the street from the Hilton Hawaiian Village. If you're attending a conference at the HHV and want to save a few bucks on a hotel room it's the ideal place to stay. Starbucks, McDonalds, and Subway are a block down on the same side of the street. ABC is just around the corner. One of the trolley lines stops right in the front of the hotel and can take you to the Ala Moana Shopping Center for $2.00 each way (although it's a walk of only 1/2 mile or so).The parking is very reasonably priced at $15.00/day. Although the spaces are close together and it's a tight garage it is secured with gated keycard entry. The reported street noise on the front side of the building is very true, but I never heard any wild parties going on from that level. It's basic automobile traffic, and if you're used to that from living on a busy street you will be okay. In-room internet access is free, and a cord is provided on the desk.I'd stay at this hotel again only if I required a single bed in a large room with comfortable surroundings. You can't beat the price for the location. But be aware of the rough edges, especially confirm and double confirm if you're really getting two beds. Their definition of two beds is very different from what most travelers expect.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>2	5	3	5	4	3	-1	5	

<Author>ebud
<Content>Wouldn't recommend it...ESPECIALLY not the 'spa' We booked at Aqua Palms based on many positive reviews, but we experienced a few snags. Yes, location is good...walking distance to Ala Moana shopping center, Waikiki main drag, restaurants, busses/trolleys, etc.Yes, the price is VERY reasonable for Hawaii. BUT, I have to agree with one review who alluded to the fact that after you leave the comfortable lobby, it goes downhill.We checked into a non-smoking room, only to walk into the room and barely be able to breathe - it was like someone who smoked had been living in there until just prior to our arrival. When I called the front desk, they first (rudely) pointed out that it WAS a non-smoking room, but then directed me to housekeeping who said they could bring a machine up to remove the smell. I've not heard of such a thing, but thought we'd give it a try since we'd be away from the room for a few hours. Either there is no such thing, such thing was not effective, or no one ever came up. When we returned a number of hours later (probably around 11pm), the room still reeked. We called downstairs and there was one room available, so we had to go down to get the key and check it out. We walked in and there was no smell (thank goodness!), so then went back downstairs to tell the desk clerk that we'd take it (who made us promise that we hadn't made the first room dirty?!), but we would need to move our stuff (which was still in the smoke room). We got back up there to realize that he had deactivated our original key, so by the time we got up there to get our stuff, we were locked out and had to make an additional trip downstairs, then back up, etc. It was a HUGE hassle.Definitely forego the ocean/Diamond Head view...it is VERY noisy on that side of the building, some rooms have an actual lanai that would fit a chair and others are the cement ledge that barely fits one foot.Finally, regarding the Spa - my sister-in-law and I scheduled massages for the end of our trip. When I called, I was assured that there would be a place for us to shower (as we were leaving for the airport and would have already checked out). We also scheduled it so we were at the same time, no biggie. The first clue that we were in for an interesting experience was that we got to the 2nd floor and needed a key to access the pool (through which was the Spa entrance), so that required (yet another) trip to the front desk. Once inside, we were asked to pay first - something I have NEVER done in many a spa visit. TACKY! My massage was fine, but my sister-in-law had a TERRIBLE hot stone massage - pressure was inconsistent and the woman was frantic. Not to mention, when mine was done, I was trying to be as quiet as possible so as not to disturb my sister-in-law (little did I know, she was suffering in silence), but the 'massage therapists' talked not just in normal voices, but loudly to me and each other. This was not quite the relaxing experience we had in mind for our last bit of Hawaii.If we ever make it back to Honolulu we will look elsewhere for accommodations and spas.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>shelbymom
<Content>Good choice in Waikiki Our room on the 11th floor was small, but freshly decorated in a palm tree theme. Very attractive. Granite counter in the bathroom. Desk, microwave in a cabinet, little chest of drawers and a small closet. Nice to have a coffee maker, but the cleaning staff NEVER replaced the coffee or cleaned the pot. Made me mad every time I had to go down to the desk to get more. Had a nice little deck with two chairs and though the view was just of other highrises and there was always construction noise going on, it was somehow still pleasant to sit out there. We got an incredible deal through [----] that included the flight from Las Vegas to Honolulu and the hotel for 5 nights. I had booked for our friends as well and their reservation at the hotel was lost and they had to hassle that at the desk for 10-15 minutes. Finally gave them an inferior room on the 3rd floor. The continental breakfast is very lame. There's a basket with apples, oranges and bananas, some little muffins and a coffee maker. You have to find a seat in the lobby to eat. There's a coffee shop very nearby and Cheeseburger Waikiki a short walk away. Starbuck's is also walkable. We got into the habit of walking to the Shore Bird at the Outrigger for a really nice buffet breakfast with a great view. The lunch and dinner options are numerous even if you don't want to go downtown. Chart House and Outback are very close as are many little places to eat. We had other friends staying there that had a room with a bed and a sofa that made into a bed and that made their room much more spacious. Wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	5	

<Author>cobra9
<Content>Great experience at Aqua Palms We had a good time a Aqua Palms. Rooms are clean, location is great.What we liked: Mini fridge, microwave, clean bathroom and room, balconey, in room internet, continental breakfast. Room with King w/queen sofa is spacious. (Room with 2 queen beds was average size. ) Location is walkable to waikiki and beach. Also close to Ala Moana, Ala Moana beach, and Ward Warehouse area. Coffee house on corner is very reasonable and a good break from the tourist spots.What is not so good: Small pool and exercise room (we didn't use.) Parking $15/day (reasonable for in/out access), warm hallways, floor was not level in some spots (room and hallway).Would we go back? YES!!! Great deal on online!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>wnod
<Content>Good deal, great service Overall I was extremely please with my decision to stay at this hotel. The free hi speed internet access was very reliable, and the refrigerator and microwave were modern and efficient. The housekeeping staff was great about providing clean dishes and utensils daily. The rooms are on the small side, but not tiny, and the beds (including sleeper sofa) were comfortable. The pool and pool area are small but pleasant. The excercise room is very small. It's a short walk to the beach, and the hotel provides nice big beach towels upon request. It was great having the Hilton Hawaiin village right across the street, with lots of restaurants, shops, and some free shows. If these are intended only for guest nobody said so. My many friends who stayed there were not impressed with the hotel and found everything very expensive, so I was even more pleased with my decision to stay at the Aqua Palms.My only complaint was that a few amenities mentioned on their website do not actually exist. The ones I cared about were CD players and continental breakfast delivered to the room. On the latter, they said they just changed policy and hadn't updated the website yet. The continental breakfast is available in the lobby. It consists of juice, coffee, fruit (apples oranges and bananas), and the same mediocre mini muffins every day (I was there for 11 days). Some toast and/or rolls would be a nice addition. There is an inexpensive 24 hour coffee shop right next door - good pancakes and French Toast. A great breakfast place called Eggs and Things is 2 blocks away - plan to wait about 45 minutes though.One other warning - the traffic noise is quite loud - similar to Manhattan. I sleep with a sound machine so it didn't bother me much, but I still heard it. Aloha.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Worldtraveler-SWE
<Content>Best deal! I stayed at this hotel before and after a cruise. As you can see in other reviews has the hotel been completely redone.The rooms are very clean and the beds are comfortable.Some noise from traffic in front rooms. Not so much in back rooms...TheBus stop is right outside the entrance of the hotel.Refrigerator, coffemaker and micro if you want to make your own breakfast for example.I will definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	-1	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelingforfun13
<Content>Great hotel - exceeded expectations This hotel has been completely redone and is beautiful. The room had a refrigerator, microwave and spacious bath. Free WiFi. I was surprised as I was trying to get an economical hotel. It is a great deal. It is located at the far end of Waikiki but still just a few blocks off the beach. I will stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jtyler22
<Content>Clean room , friendly service Very clean rooms, friendly service. Fresh fruit , muffins and juice were a great way to start the day. Best room for the money in Waikiki.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Meskuli
<Content>We loved the Aqua Palms               More photos  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	2	

<Author>btlab
<Content>Aqua Palms OK For the Price I booked this hotel for 13 nights based largely on the positive reviews on TripAdvisor. My wife and I stayed at the Aqua Palms with our baby at the end of August and start of September. This is a budget hotel. The positive reviews it receives are no doubt based largely on its low rates. We spent our first 6 nights in Honolulu at the Hawaiian Prince Hotel and it was far superior to the Aqua Palms. It was also approximately 50% more expensive. If you are looking for a budget place with minimal amenities and relatively small but well furnished rooms Aqua Palms could be for you. If budget is not your primary concern, then you may want to stay elsewhere. PositivesThe hotel location is good for Waikiki and it has been recently renovated. The staff were friendly. The rooms are well decorated. Having a balcony was nice. We stayed on the west side of the building, which was fairly quiet. The price was surprisingly low. NegativesThe hotel could have been cleaner. The hallways do not appear to be air conditioned. The elevators are very slow and are often used by hotel staff for service purposes. There is no room service and no restaurant on site but there are a number of restaurants nearby. The pool is small and there is no shade nearby. We are not usually too concerned with room service or the quality of the pool but if you have children you may be more likely to appreciate these amenities. The staff was less than competent on certain occasions. We never received housekeeping service a couple of days because we returned after 2:00p.m. to give our baby a nap and found the housekeeper had not made up the room. We were told that the housekeepers went home at approx. 4:00 so we never had time for them to attend. Leaving the sign on the door or speaking with the housekeeper upon departure did not appear to help. We also had trouble with the DND on the phone. When we spoke to the front desk about the issue they called us to see if it was working. This woke our baby. A couple of days later housekeeping called on the phone to note that we had our DND sign on our door and asked if we wanted maid service, again waking our baby. We decided to unplug the phone whenever the baby was sleeping. These are not issues you would expect encounter at a four star hotel. ConclusionThis hotel is ok for the money but it is not without its problems. Perhaps at these prices you can live with them. I have to admit that my wife would not have been as generous with the rating.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>ny traveler 02
<Content>Good value We stayed at the Aqua Palms for 1 (quick 6-hour) night on our way to the Four Seasons in Lanai. Given the poor reviews of the airport hotels on Tripadvisor, and the relatively positive ones for this hotel, we decided it would be worth schlepping downtown (and it was).The Aqua Palms is a very good value. For about $100 per night, we got a a decent, clean room with a sofa and writing table. The bed was a bit lumpy, the sheets a bit scratchy, the decor a bit cheesy, the floors a bit dirty and the balcony a bit small. But all acceptable, especially given the price. Where the Aqua Palms really distinguished itself was the service. When we arrived (almost at midnight), the front desk clerk (Larry) was friendly and got someone to help us with our bags. He arranged for a 6 am wake-up call and a called us a cab. Apparently, the bellman called in sick the morning of our departure, so Larry showed up to collect our bags!The Aqua Palms is certainly no Four Seasons, but we'd stay there again in a pinch.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>scottchen7
<Content>Very impressive for the price and service Very nice rooms and good service. very nice location. close to the beach and shopping areas. Nice breakfast with juices, muffins and fruits. there is a bus stop next to the hotel. Dont' need to rent a car. Cheaper to ride the bus if you have time.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Jules_Loves2Travel
<Content>Good deal for the price We booked our stay through Expedia and got a great deal on our stay. We read the reviews at TripAdvisor and felt confident we would be satisfied with the quality of the hotel.We stayed on the 8th floor. The view from our room was of the backside of the bldg (no ocean view) but we didn't mind because we didn't spend a lot of time at the hotel. The room had recently been updated and was nicely decorated. The fridge and microwave were nice. It even came with plates  utensils (although one of the utensil sets was missing). We only wish it had a sink other than the one in the bathroom. The pool was very small, but who goes to Hawaii to spend time at the pool when the ocean is just blocks away. The Exercise room was decent, we used it twice. We never visited the spa.Our one major complaint -- The hotel website claimed to have services that we never received or witnessed others receiving:?Welcome Oshibori (cool towel) upon arrival at check-in -- We did not receive this at check-in, they did give us beach towels though.?Complimentary Continental Breakfast delivered daily to your room or to-go bag for added convenience -- We had to go to the lobby for the breakfast and it was difficult to find seating. The continental breakfast was lacking, just juice, muffins  fruit (banana, orange or apple ?no tropical fruit like you would expect). ?Complimentary Coffee  Tea Service in the Lobby 7:30am-Noon -- We never saw it. We don drink tea or coffee, so it didn affect us, but did hear some complaints. In fact we saw people paying $2 for a cup of coffee out of a machine at breakfast. (there is a coffee-maker  cofee packets in the room).?Daily turndown service with orchid on departure night -- We received the daily turn-down service, but never got the orchid.We also thought the parking fee of $15 was pricey considering the parking garage was hard to access even in our small sports car (we still can't figure out how the SUV's managed the tight corners) and condition of the garage itself.The maids were very helpful and left out room in excellent condition.The price, the quality of the room and the good maid service made up for what was lacking in other areas. Overall it was a good deal for the money.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>HawaiinMom
<Content>Just say no... TripAdvisor is indeed a terrific tool and we check their travelers reviews before our every trip. The current Aqua Palms reviews are far and above 'more positive' than what we experienced. Our recent 5 day stay at the Aqua Palms was much different than the majority of other traveler's reviews here. We found the lobby to be beautiful and the staff very friendly and kind, several great restaurant choices (all within walking distance), but that is where the good stuff sadly ends. Our reservation was for a deluxe ocean view room with TWO Queen beds... during check-in we were given a room that had ONE actual Queen bed and a ONE Queen pull out sofa bed. Upon inquiry, the staff insisted that the room did indeed have the TWO Queen beds that we'd reserved (far, far in advance I might add), saying it's just that ONE is a bed and the SECOND is right there in the pull out sofa. They were adamant that the room description was absolutely accurate because the room did have TWO Queen beds... we really needed the second 'bed' to be a real bed/mattress as we were traveling with our 2 nearly adult sized teenage children. Sleeping 4 nights on the standard 2 or 3 inch pad over springs is not an experience that is pleasant or relaxing. The deluxe ocean view is blocks away and minimally visible through neighboring buildings and construction equipment etc. This deluxe room mentioned a balcony - it was actually sort of a foot wide cement ledge. The noise on the deluxe view side of the hotel is unbelievably loud as there are about six or eight lanes of traffic directly in front of this property. That, combined with the constant construction and heavy equipment noise leads to a very non-relaxing atmosphere within the room. Add the incredibly loud air conditioner fan volume within the tiny room and you have an experience that is a true exercise in patience and tolerance to say the least. Breakfast was dismal... tiny pound-cake type muffins(?) with either nuts or raisins stuck to the tops of each one, fruit, small cups of juice. If you'd like coffee/hot chocolate etc., it is $2.00 per cup and is dispensed out of a vending type machine. Hmmmm... the rock hard beds, cockroaches in the halls, tiny extremely noisy street side pool with old, stained holey (sp?) deck furniture, aqua plastic accordian type headboards with hair and sticky ?? stuff caked on/in the ridges, blood spots remaining on the bathroom floor for the entire 5 day stay etc.are all issues that can and should addressed by management.We would not recommend staying at the Aqua Palms if you are looking for clean, quiet and comfortable - all of which we prefer when vacationing - especially in Hawaii!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	1	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>tj55025
<Content>Awesome Deal! A friend and I stayed here on a mini bachelor party. Round trip from SFO + 3 nights at Aqua Palms $368. Airfare alone was $300 so we really made out (Expedia.) A cousin told me that Aqua is not the best chain of hotels and that I would probably see Dog the Bounty Hunter running through the hallway. At $368 we really didn care and braced ourselves for the worst. We were in for a pleasant surprise. Check in was a breeze and our room was clean and even came with a mini balcony. The location was awesome. It was just far enough from the hustle and bustle but close enough to stumble back when youe had a tad too much to drink. We rented a car but only really used it one day to cruise the island and souvenir shop at Wal-Mart and Costco (way cheaper than the ABC stores.) The rooms are pretty comfortable and not at all like the Motel 6 I imagined it would be. It was perfect for two people with two queen beds but if you add kid(s) or perhaps another adult that would definitely be pushing it.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jodyseidel
<Content>Nice hotel I was really happy with my experience at the Aqua Palms. I heard about it through this website, and after researching every possible hotel in Honolulu, decided on the Aqua Palms. The truth is, you really can't do much better when it comes to bang for your buck. The location is great, the rooms are nice (even though they are quite small), and the service at the hotel is wonderful. (We called about a clogged shower, and someone was at our room to fix it within 15 minutes.) I would definately recommend this hotel to my friends.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>YOSEgal
<Content>Great place  My husband  I loved this place. We are frugal travelers but like 3  4 star hotels if we can. We had stayed the week before on business at another place: Ocean Resort at the other end of Waikiki. That place was terrible compared to this. See that write up also if you are interested in a cheaper place. Back to the Aqua Palms. I made the reservation based on Trip Advisor members, from AAA at a rate of $125/night. The beds were very comfortable and I am very picky. We had a studio deluxe on the 9th floor with a wonderful view overlooking a park, Hilton Hawaiian Village, the ocean, and Diamond Head mtn. Our room had a small refrigerator and microwave. We had a King bed, small table, small desk, and large sleeper couch. The room also has a large chest of drawers, small closet next to the bathroom. The bathroom was small in that the door opening and closing didn't give you much room to stand. The counter was nice and long at the sink. The sink was in the same room with the toilet and full length tub/shower. The microwave/refrigerator and closet were next to the bathroom by the front door. The closet has extra pillows and ironing board/iron. The bathroom had a hair dryer. The kitchen area did have a small cupboard. There was a small 4 cup coffee pot with free coffee provided the first night. You can purchase more coffee pods at the front desk for $1.59 each. It was 10% Kona but was good. The other 90% was arabica beans so I couldn't complain. Nothing was provided except for two small microwavable containers. I didn't expect that so was pleasantly surprised. The couch was very comfortable for sitting and for lounging stretched out. We didn't try pulling out the sleeper bed. The hotel is a smaller complex which I wanted. The rooms have room darkening drapes (needed to block out the early morning sun and the heat of the sun in the afternoon.) We were there right before the earthquakes hit. We stayed Oct. 9-13 and the earthquakes came Oct. 15. It was very hot and humid and even the locals complained. But our air conditioning kept us comfortable. The TV is high on the wall and had a great picture.The room also had free internet though a broadband connection.Parking is $15/day just like about every hotel. Parking was not too tight. We had a rental car from Hertz - Subaru Forester and had no problems fitting anywhere. Nearby restaurants - 1 block away was where we ate: Outback Steakhouse, and Red Lobster. Across the street is the Hilton Hawaiian Village (HHV) where we took in a poolside show one evening and also watched the sunset. We also strolled the many shops there and bought a few souvenirs - better quality and choices than the ABC stores on every block in Waikiki. The do have some of the same things as ABC, so check there too for better prices on many items. In fact I found body gels and lotions priced differently at two different stores in HHV. One store offered them $2 more each. So, you never know. By the way, I purchased several coffees (10% and 100% varieties) at ABC store  another grocery store on Lanai, to take home. The best is 100% Kona from Ferrari - Hawaii Mountain Gold. I will be ordering more from their included order card I found in the package or off the internet.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>pumpkinlove
<Content>GREAT PLACE even in an earthquake This place is everything all the positive reviews state and MORE. Everyone is so helpful and friendly. The view on the 10th floor is amazing. We were there during the earthquake which was tough b/c of the electricity and water issue, but Aqua Palms did what they could to assit. I would stay there again in a heartbeat. The elevators were quick--no problems with anything besides an earthquake while we were there.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Surfrider65
<Content>Aqua Palms Worked Out Well The Aqua proved to be a very dependable hotel, within easy walking distance of the beach, and the action of Waikiki.The majority of my stay in Hawaii was to be on Maui and Big Island so didn't want to spend a mint while I was in Waikiki this year since I was on Oahu for only two nights. The Aqua was perfect for what I needed. Clean room, nice view, good location, and great price. If I was planning to be there longer like I was last year, I might go for a beachfront location. But for this trip the Aqua was perfect.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Mall_Fan
<Content>Would Definitely Stay Again I stayed at the Aqua Palms in late August along with my travel companion. We booked two of the superior deluxe rooms with diamond head/ocean view (more like glimpses!). We shopped around online and found the best rate, then rang Aqua Palms and they beat it by 10% We ended up paying around $126 per night, with the fifth night free. Fantastic value! Our check-in experience was not the best - while the majority of staff are very friendly and go out of their way to be helpful, we found ourselves at the mercy of an older woman with glasses who didn't dein to look up and answer our rquest to check in 30 minutes early. She simply walked off into the back room and said they're not ready yet. The rest of the experience was fantastic. The room was spotless, and the decor, while typically bright colours, was first rate. There is a TV/DVD player, small bathroom, kitchenette with minifridge. Our breakfast pastry was just fine, although it tended to be the same thing every day, which was no bother. We only had the 2-foot lanai but in truth it's so warm and the street below busy, you will not want to be sitting on the balcony below. The proximity to the beach is excellent, a 5 minute walk through the Hilton. The trolley to the Ala Moana mall (do not miss it!) stops right outside the hotel, or would be a 10 minute walk. The location is nice because you are just that little further out of the craziness of the main strip, whilst everything is in walking distance. Most days we walked to the other end of the beach and the surroundings are so nice, it's not a hassle at all. I would definitely go back if I could get a similar deal to previous. I have also recommended the hotel to others.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>sweetkeys
<Content>Great Little Hotel       View from 8th floor balcony room  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>islandgirl80
<Content>Great first visit to Hawaii with Aqua Palms! Great value! Booked on Expedia and read many reviews before choosing. Location was good, close to beach and Ala Moana Center. View of beach is blocked from construction, road noise is noticeable but tolerable. Great city view and view of Diamond head. I loved the fridge, microwave, and plates and silverware. Very clean and we got a free upgrade to a oceanview room! Didn't even have to ask! We got there early and they called us at 1pm telling us our room was ready for check in! All the staff was very nice and they have a convenient Expedia activities desk! Numerous restaurants and shopping are around. Moped and car rentals are within 1 block. One thing I didn't like was how the hallways were always hot. Rooms and lobby were always air conditioned though. We got a couples massage at the Aqua Spa and it was great! Very small and intimate, great price! Included a foot soak with hot stones and flowers! There is a coffee shop next door that is 24 hours and Aqua guests get 10% off. Parking is 15.00 a day. Check receipts upon check out because I caught a charge for a car I didn't rent! They fixed it quickly. I do recommend staying here overall!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>RileyAccounting.Net
<Content>Too noisy and the decor is not attractive. The traffic noise is intolerableThere are better hotels in the price range.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Lisacam
<Content>lovely aqua palms wonderful, cheap bargain hotel, right opposite Hilton village and beach, very clean, nicely decorated, and the lobby guys are incredibly helpful with anything from cheap taxis trips ect. Bargai hotel of Hawaii at the moment.....Go for it!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>flygurl814
<Content>Great service and location at the Aqua Palms       View of Diamond Head from Hotel Room  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Vanessa_Cronie
<Content>Great Place and Staff were very friendly and helpful I stayed at the Aqua Palms and Spa in September this year. The location is great, at the quieter end of Waikiki. Really close to the beach. The staff are very friendly. The pool is a little small and the breakfast is basic however my room on the 11th floor was great. Comfortable bed, clean and modern bathroom with a good hairdryer. TV if you want to watch was fine. The Laundry room is also handy to have available at the hotel.Recommendation: - If you don't want to take an organised tour of the Island take TheBus. It's a great system, you can buy a four day tourist pass or $20 or $2 a trip ( pick up a transfer if you get off). Also pick up a schedule from one of the buses or call their hotline to check bus numbers to different locations.Over all I had a great experience  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>E-lizard
<Content>Not one bad thing to say       View of ocean from Hotel Room  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>toheavenlyhands
<Content>We Loved This Place!!! Staying at the Aqua Palms was an amazing experience! We came for our honeymoon and were upgraded to the deluxe room which had a lovely lanai and a pretty decent view (we were on the 9th floor, so no view of Diamond Head, but we didn't care). This was our first time in Hawaii and we were happy to see that all of the hotel staff were very very friendly and accomodating at all times. The room was quiet and very clean, our bed was big and very comfortable, and the microwave and small refridgerator came in handy. We never heard any noise from other rooms and the only time we heard construction noise (they are doing construction across the street) was when we kept the door to the lanai open. Our room had it's own AC control so we could stay as cool as we needed to in our room, but the temperature in the hallways was pretty hot.The elevators are quite slow, but there are three of them so we didn't have to wait too long to get on one at any point. The free breakfast of danish, yogurt and juice was a nice touch and we liked the fact that we could either have it delivered to our room or take it to go on the days when we were heading out early for various island tours. The pool was a bit small but we never used it because we preferred to go to the beach, which was a short walk away via the Hilton Hawaiian Village across the street (the lobby of that hotel has a lot of cool birds and fish, so it's definitely worth walking though). The front desk at Aqua Palms gave us free use of beach towels anytime we needed them, so that was a great bonus.The 24-hour coffee shop next door had really great food which was dirt cheap (cheaper than McDonald's) and if you mentioned that you were staying at the Aqua Palms and showed them your room key, you would get an extra 10% off!We never rented a car, so the bus system came in quite handy for us, it was affordable and it took us anywhere we needed to go.Since the hotel is located a fair bit away from the heart of Waikiki, we were always either the very first or the very last hotel to get picked up and dropped off from for the various tours and fishing trips that we took (they all provided transportation to and from the hotel).For those on a budget, there are coupons everywhere! Anywhere you go, you can pick up different brochures with coupons for food, tours and attractions, which come in very handy.All in all, we would definitely stay at this hotel again!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>justthetraveler
<Content>Good value       View to Left  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>akimi
<Content>Good deal for the price Nice comfortable clean place to stay. I was here to help my dad in the hospital so I just wanted an inexpensive room that didn't require driving into the heart of Waikiki. I had a queen bed with couch, room also had a lanai, frig and microwave. King size bed rooms don't have a lanai, just a small juliet balcony. Couch was a very nice touch, made for a fairly roomy room. Clean, good A/C, parking lot does have tight ramps and turns but not as bad as the reviews make it sound. All day coffee and tea in the lobby is a nice touch, I didn't try the room service delivery of continental breakfast. Pool is a joke, so small with very few lounge chairs. Much better to cross the street and hit the beach at the Hilton Hawaiian Village. For the price (under $100) I thought it was great. I wouldn't pay more than that - for over $100 I expect a real pool and poolside service and outdoors restaurant. Nice short walk to Ala Moana Center, with great shopping, and restaurants where locals go, not just tourists. Wireless only in the lobby, ethernet connection in the rooms.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>orbops
<Content>Nice location, but beware the noise       Ocean view room  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>amusebouche
<Content>A great value in Honolulu The Aqua Palms is a great value in Waikiki. We booked through Pleasant Holidays and got a rate of approximately $134 a night in August. We received an upgrade to a deluxe studio, which was tastefully decorated and had a lanai with a view of diamondhead and the water. Service was very accommodating, and the hotel has been recently renovated so everything was clean and nice. The location was excellent -- it was easy to walk through the Hilton to get to Waikiki, but not difficult to get out of town if you were going to the airport or Pearl Harbor. I'd stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>wortrav
<Content>Aqua PAlms ans Spa The Aqua Palms ans Spa hotel in Honolulu is a bargain. Great price and great location right at the beginning of Waikiki. It is across the street from the Hilton Hawaiian Village, Hale Koa, and Ilikai hotels. You can walk to Waikiki beach, Ala Moana Shopping Center and Ala Moana Beach. The room was clean and the staff was very friendly and courteous. It's not fancy but why pay for fancy when you're in Hawaii and going to spend most of the time out of your hotel room? It has a private parking garage for your rental car but parking cost $15 extra per day. I recommend the Aqua Palms and Spa for all bargain hunters!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PatsyLynn
<Content>Nice place, Great price, Perfect location! No it's not in the heart of Waikiki -- thank God! But you can easily access whatever part of Waikiki you wish from the Aqua Palms. In fact, I walked from the Hilton (across the street, on the beach) all the way to the Honolulu Zoo and came back happy to have seen it all but so grateful for our quieter location. Indeed, the Hilton beach (actually a public beach) across the street from the Aqua Palms was our fave in Waikiki. (Wailea Bay on the North Shore and Lanikai Beach on the Windward side, were even better). All the shooping and eats you need are at the Hilton Hawaiian Village. A 24-hour coffee shop is steps away. All the staff members we encountered at Aqua Palms were great.Since there were four of us in one room, we were cramped, but that is the only slight quibble I'd voice about this sweet boutique hotel.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MnMsRGood
<Content>Well worth the $75/ night deal! I must say I was immediately impressed with the AQUA Palms hotel. You walk in to such a cozy lobby (recently remodeled from what I hear) and friendly staff. They got me a great price ($75/night and free early check-in at noon). The location is great, wih a little 24 hour cafe/restaurant not more then 10 steps away and the beach across the street. It pays to be military here too, where you can park for cheaper rates at the Ft. DeRussy diagonal from the hotel. We got to choose what size bed we wanted (queen/king, with foldout queen sofa) for no extra charge! I must say though, te beds were not comfortble...my husband and I almost slept on the foldout couch instead of our king bed. They are just tooo hard. The AC is a little loud when it's on, but not overbearing. The room came with a little kitchenette, complete with dishes and silverware. The bathrrom was snug, but the water was always hot (I mean I literally had to keep turning it cooler, cuz it just kept getting warmer....). My husband says he never had to, so maybe it's just me. The room came with a LAN hookup and cable TV (inconveniently hung from ceiling). There was also a balcony with chairs and coffee table, overlooking the street below. All in all, it's a good place to stay for a couple nights!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jenlee
<Content>A wonderful stay. My boyfriend and I stayed att he Aqua Palms during the 2nd week of August. The rooms were EXTREMELY clean  fresh and the front desk staff was helpful. (FYI, ask the staff to get a list of all the bus lines you need to take to visit the many attractions of Oahu) The Hilton Village was right across the street which made it convienent to use the beach and swim in their bigger pool. I made use of the exercise room which came equipped with 4 pieces of exercise equipment (FYI: they have a water dispenser for you to drink in there) You can request to have the continental breakfast delivered or you can pick it up at the front desk. There were drawbacks though. The elevators were EXTREMELY slow and the rooms and bathrooms were a bit small. The hallways were hot (the rooms had AC that you could control).  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>smithmiddlefield
<Content>fantasic The Aqua Palms hotel is located along Ala Mona Boulevard, directly opposite the Hilton Hawaiian Village. There is a small sign indicating the hotel on the front, but it is very hard to see fron the otherside of the road. To get to the hotel drive till you see the Hilton on your right , then at the traffic lights complete a u turn to the otherside of the road.we stayed at this hotel for a week in august 2006, it is lovely. Every day a continental breakfast was delivered to our room at a time that we requested. we had a balcony that overlooked other hotels. The hotel is on a main road but we were at the back and heard no traffic noise whatsoever. The rooms are a little small but are adquate for 2 people. Our room had a fridge and microwave. It was a 15/20 minute stroll into what is considered wakiki centre. You can also walk to the beach in 5 mins through the hilton resort, this beach wasn't crowed at all. i would strongly recommend this hotel, and would go back again. The service we received was faultless, and we also did laundry cheaply!!!!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beachboundhawaii
<Content>Newly Renovated  We were very surprised to come across this hotel. It is accessible to Ala Moana Mall, Waikiki beaches and many great resturaunts. Consider the rooms more of a contemporary bed and breakfast with state of the art appliances including fridge, micro, TV w/ DVD player and free Cable and internet access. I enjoyed having the security guard in the front desk and knowing all guests were watched for safety. The only drawback was the parking but that is true for ALL of Honolulu. I highly recommend this hotel and the price is fair for the Honolulu market.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>katlyn1
<Content>please read before booking If you get a good rate, you only want a place to sleep. This hotel is for you. If you are wanting a hotel with all the little extras, do not book this hotel. I was there for part of my honeymoon in July and was so disappointed. I had read the reviews and research the hotel on the internet. It claimed to serve a breakfast to your room, deliver a paper to your room, and be brief walk to the beach. The breakfast is in the lobby. I know many hotels do serve in the lobby, but they don't claim to have in the room. I didn't receive a Sunday paper. When I called to ask why , they respond by saying they don't deliver the Sunday paper. The real bad part was construction going on across the street. It was so loud early in the morining. I know they can't help what other hotels are doing, but they could mention it on their website. I think I brief statement about construction would be helpful to future customers. The construction also blocks quick beach access. You should expect about 10 minute walk . I also booked a massage for two. They overbooked. My husband and I were sent to aqua bamboo(about 1 mile away). We did agree to go. We were told to come down for a cab about 6:30 p.m. and didn't get to leave to after 7. I hate to admit I like the Bamboo hotel better. The deluxe view is not woth the money. I know these are small things, but they are reason I booked the hotel over others with miltary discounts. I thought the attention to detail would overcome the fact it was away from the beach. It wasn't. Tripadvisor did exactly job on the rest of my stay in Hawaii at maui and big island. At one time, this hotel may have earned it's ratings. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone at this time. (By the way, I was charged twice for my deposit. Please check your bill and allow time for mistakes on it.)  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	1	4	3	2	1	

<Author>elaineandtal
<Content>Nice and comfortable My stay at the Aqua Palms was my first experience using Trip Advisor and I am very pleased both with Trip Advisor and the hotel. Aqua Palms is not a fancy mega-resort but it does not claim to be one. Instead, it is a comfortable, clean, safe hotel with pleasant staff and a great location. The public bus stop is right outside the hotel. The beach is an easy 10 minute walk, and there are relatively inexpensive restaurants nearby. The only drawback was a very slow elevator. Yes, as others have mentioned, the pool is small, but still pleasant. If you are looking for a nice place that is reasonably priced I would recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>edoria4
<Content>it was a terrible experience - will not stay there again. Some of the staff were unfriendly. The bathrooms were too small, beds were too soft, carpet was dirty, exercise room and swimming was very small.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	1	2	1	

<Author>aevans176
<Content>Not gonna win any awards Mediocre is a good word for this hotel. My wife and I stayed during the 3rd week of May, and I wish I'd have booked the Outrigger. It's on the FAR end of Ala Moana, a little hike into the busy parts of Waikiki. The price was reasonable, and the staff was just ok. The spa included a great couples massage, and those people are part of what seperated this hotel from a okay rating. The hotel boasts ocean views, and views of Diamond head in the more expensive rooms. Good luck. We could see part of Diamond Head and a smidgen of the ocean... right through the Hilton buildings! HA! Don't waste the cash on the deluxe room. Our first room had the hardest bed on the planet, and we got it switched. Then there was no iron, and the rooms did come with a neat little breakfast that was yogurt/juice/a pastry. I'd have to say that we had a good time, but surely not because of our experience at the Aqua Palms.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Willsatx
<Content>Aqua Palms is Awesome I stayed here for my honeymoon and all I can say is that this place is awesome, the entire staff was great and friendly. Was given great information on all the attractions on the island and a great coupon book with many buy 1 get 1 free meals.The location is right across the street from the beach and a few blocks away from a mall with many places to eat and shop. I would recommend this place to anyone.Thanks again to everyone at the aqua palms.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed the experience My husband and I stayed for 4 nights and although we both enjoyed it, we had very different perspectives on the place...this review tries to compile best  worst of both.Best:-clean room, recently renovated with marble floors, granite countertops, comfortable size for what it is. It is a hotel, NOT a resort - i.e. no formal sitting room beyond 2 chairs and a small table, 12 inch balcony, has 10% Kona Coffee maker in room and a small sink/kitchenette space. Our room faced away from Ala Moana Blvd, with a view of neighboring buildings rather than the beach or park across the street on the opposite side.-good location. close to the Ala Moana shopping center (5 blocks away), across the street from the Hilton Hawaiian Village (with shops, restaurants, and the nicest strip of Waikiki beach to walk along in the evening - you can see the whole city reflected in the water), 20-30 minute walk to the International Marketplace and Royal Hawaiian hotel.-good price. resorts across the street  further down Waikiki charge twice as much for location and beach views alone. staying at the Aqua Palms lets you access these locations for less, but if you're big on remaining inside your hotel room, sitting on your lanai and passing the time, this is not the hotel for you. -friendly staff. they give you the option to pick up your daily continental breakfast or have it delivered to your room (2 yogurt cups, a danish and/or muffin, bottled water or juice).-little traffic compared to the heart of WaikikiWorst:-the parking garage is narrow. we recommend the most compact car you can get away with because the turns at each floor are tight. they charge $15/day parking (which is comparable to or better than other garages on Waikiki).-it is NOT a resort; if you expect a restaurant in the hotel you will be disappointed. However, they have many restaurants at the Hilton Hawaiian Village across the street, shopping center 1-2 blocks away (they give you a coupon book for many of these), coffee shop 2 doors down, and the Ala Moana Center 5 blocks away.I would definitely stay at Aqua Palms again. It is a great place if we were looking for a clean, well-kept, moderately priced hotel, well-situated to enjoy Waikiki and the rest of Oahu. If we had a higher budget and wanted to stay at a resort with resort amenities and remain on our hotel grounds/at the beach the entire trip, we would probably stay across the street at the Hilton Hawaiian Village.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sparkythecat
<Content>Agree with all the positive reviews I paid $137 a night here for a room with a lanai (balcony). It was a nice hotel, within walking distance of the pricey places in Waikiki and, on the other side, the Ala Moana shopping center. Great value. Some thoughts:-The breakfast was a nice treat, but after about the third day it started to get old. It always consisted of a danish, a yogurt and a fruit-punchy drink that didn't seem to have much juice. Still, it was nice to have someone knock on the door in the morning and deliver it with a newspaper.-I didn't know this until my last day, but the lobby has beach towels that you can use for free. It would have been nice if they had told me this.-The pool was very small but it was empty or nearly empty every time I saw it. I went swimming there one night and it was really pleasant. It doesn't get deeper than 4 feet, but was nice to splash around.-There is a coin laundry on one of the parking levels with a machine that dispenses soap and softener.-Free coffee in the lobby in the mornings, or you can make it in your room. Free Wi-Fi in the lobby, or you can use a free wired connection in the room. My room also had a refrigerator and microwave, which was great especially with a big ABC convenience store around the corner.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>henry2010
<Content>Great Place  This Is the place to stay when visiting Honolulu Hawaii waikiki. This is a very cute boutique hotel at the right price. The staff is very friendly and have the aloha spirt that they talk about in Hawaii. The location is perfect just far enough from the crazy part but close enough to it if you want to be in the crazy part. Parking is very tight so rent a small car so that you don't have to worry.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amfpvks
<Content>Nice Hotel, Great Value! Spent three nights here. Hotel has been renovated and is quite nice. Rooms are small but not so small it's a problem. Rooms were very clean. Location is good just across the street from the Hilton Hawaiian Village. The hotel has it's own parking garage and you can self park (fee). The best thing is the price. We paid $120 night. For Waikiki, that's GREAT value especially given the quality of the property. We will go back for sure.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice place this was our first time to honolulu, the hotel was clean, the staff were efficent and friendly. We would more than likely stay here again, we would recamond this hotel to our friends  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great deal we stayed there on the second week of June for 7 nights. had the $89.00 spring fever deal. rooms were clean and comfortable. they were installing a pull down garage door, so they did not charge us parking for the first 3 nights. the balcony was fine and was perfect for hanging wet clothes on the chairs. the 24 hour coffee house with the 10 % discount was a nice cheap start of the day. The only complaints are the small parking spot, no iron  board in the room and the not so tasty 10% Kona coffee in the lobby.one of the best deals that nobody had previously mentioned was the coupon book the front desk gives you. unlike most coupon books that have undesirable restaurants in it, they had some great deals at some more than adequate restaurants. we went to Ciao Mein at the Hyatt Regency. Most of the coupon book deals were perfect for couples as they had the buy one entree, get one free deals.as for the location, it's ideal because you're on the fringe of waikiki and you don't have to deal with the annoying traffic. the center of Waikiki is only a 10-15 minute walk. trust me, don't spend the extra money for a $175 - $300 hotel that is next to Waikiki beach. not only is the hotel double the price, you'll be spending $20+ for parking. Plus Waikiki beach is overcrowded and overrated. If youe renting a car, go to Waimea or Ilikai beach and enjoy the great without the massive crowd.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ellie77
<Content>Here's the inside scoop There are a number of positive, accurate reviews below, so I'll just add new details:- Staff was very helpful and accomodating. I reserved the top-tier room, with partial ocean view, but the room I was assigned had a lousy view of construction and only a juliet balcony (i.e. railing without a proper balcony ledge). I asked to change rooms, and they were very nice about letting me see another room before deciding whether to move my luggage. I wound up two floors higher, closer to the park, with a much better ocean view, and with a real lanai.- Breakfast is a lowfat fruit yogurt and a cheese-and-fruit danish. They tend to run out of yogurt and replace it with an extra little muffin. The canned juice however is actually like fruit punch. It's about 30% juice and the rest corn syrup and water. I asked them to skip on the juice and got bottled water, which seemed a step up.- Ala Moana Blvd. (ocean view side) is quite busy, and for now there is construction across the street at the Hilton Hawaiian Village. If you ask downstairs they can give you a paper clip to clip together the curtains.- I got a free tote bag on check-in for registering with the Expedia!Fun concierge desk. It's convenient to use their service, but they will definitely NOT get you the best deals. E.g., I went snorkeling in Hanauma Bay and it cost $21 for dry snorkel while other tour operators charge $12. (That's before the $5 park entrance fee.) I asked for a better price at the Expedia desk and she said that the only other one she could book was $2 cheaper.- There is 10% Kona blend coffee in the room and toiletries (shampoo, lotion, oatmeal soap) are all made in Hawaii.- They give you a 50% off dining coupon book when you get there, which has some decent deals, like buy-one-get-one at Subway and half-off the very good pizza at Harbor Pub two blocks away.- Retail and dining on the same block:Wailana Coffee House (not-great diner, but affordable for Waikiki and you get 10% off for staying at Aqua Palms)McDonald'sStarbucksSubwaycandy shopFox and Hounds pub/cantinaAloha Sushi (has 99-cent rolls and bubble tea drinks)Shanghai Bistro (very expensive but they have 50% off select appetizers 4-6 p.m.)Capriocciosa pasta and pizza (about $14 for pizza)Kobe steak houseBig ABC convenience store  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Ventura-Mermaid
<Content>Adequate but not great with a one foot balcony!?       Ocean view from 10th floor room - someone else's regular size balcony to the right of photo  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lambs2
<Content>Great Hotel for a Great Price with Views! We stayed two night at at the Aqua Palm Resort and Spa on Waikiki in Honolulu, HI, June 1-3, 2006. What a great condo hotel! We booked our rooms over the phone after reading some great reviews here on Trip Advisor. The room was a great deal (about $150. per night including tax) and the location was SUPER! This was a pre-cruise stay for us as we were leaving on the Pride of America for a 7 night cruise of the Hawaiian Islands. We couldn't have been more pleased with our 9th floor end room. We had a SUPER view of Diamond Head and nice views of the ocean and beach around several buildings. We were directly across from the Hilton Hawaiian Village and walked over there to see their fabulous Polynesian show on Friday night as well as the fireworks! Our room was very clean and comfortable with a great king sized bed. The coffee maker in the room, as well as the free continental breakfast either delivered to our room at the time we picked or available for pick-up at the front desk on an early morning was a nice touch. I don't think everyone was offered this free breakfast, but I asked for it when making reservations and so we got it both days.The Bus (the city bus line) has a stop right in front of the hotel. Very convenient and just $2. per ride which includes one transfer! We took it to go to Pearl Harbor and to the entrance of Diamond Head. Both outings were well worth our time. Pearl Harbor was very moving and we are so glad we went to see it. If you take the trek up Diamond Head be sure and take water and go early as it gets quite warm and is not recommended if you are not physically up to the challenge of climbing several hundred steps! The way down is a breeze, but that climb up - 8/10 of a mile but seems longer - left me winded and panting and I am in good physical condition! The lobby of the Palms, though small, is very lovely and well done. The elevators are a bit slow and the hallways hot, but our room was perfect! We saved a bundle over the cost pf similar hotels in the area and it is so well located. Close to the Ala Moana Shopping Mall and the beach on Waikiki! We walked the beach all the way from in front of the Hilton Hawaiian Village to the statue of Duke Kamehameha where they have a live web cam and you can call back home and they can see you on their computer in real time there at the statue! Just have them google 'Live web cam Waikiki' and the first picture that comes up is there at the staue! Very cool!A stay at Aqua Palm is really great! You will not be disappointed with these top-notch accommodations on Waikiki.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Aqua Palms has economy at it's best.       View of city and Fort DeRussy Park  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JessNY
<Content>Great value for a quick overnight We decided on a quick overnight on Oahu since we wanted to see Pearl Harbor before continuing on to Maui and the Big Island. We chose the Aqua Palms after reading several Trip Advisor reviews and doing some price-comparisons online. This hotel was a great value. Yes, the rooms are tiny (like a shoebox compared to the next hotel we stayed at), but they were clean, the staff was incredibly friendly and they even had a small continental breakfast boxed up for us the next morning as we left for Pearl Harbor. For the approximately $130 we spent for one night here, I don't think we would have found a better deal. We were exhausted from travel, so there was no point in staying at a pricey beachfront hotel. I'd even stay here longer if I return to Oahu. It's basic, but it's clean and affordable. My only complaint is that it wasn't super well marked; we had to circle the block a few times before finding the hotel and its parking garage.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sandnsun61
<Content>Wonderful stay at the Aqua Palms We stayed at the Aqua Palms June 1-5. We booked two rooms, one with a king and one with two queens. The rooms were on the 7th floor and faced the street. To address comments from previous reviews:* There is definitely traffic noise from Ala Moana Blvd. and the rooms are not very sound proof. If one is bothered by city traffic noise, be sure to ask for a room on the other side.* Do NOT get a room near the elevators. We did not encounter this problem, but met some folks who had to move rooms because of elevator noise.* The staff is extremely courteous and helpful. One young lady remembered my name and addressed us every time we came through the lobby.* The elevators have not been renovated, and there are only three. However, we did not wait any longer than 3-4 minutes at any given time.*The pool is small, but clean and pleasant for a swim. The beach is only a two block walk through Hilton H.V.*Yes, parking is indeed rather tight, so if you have worries, be sure to rent a small car. We rented a Honda Pilot and had little trouble.*Location of this hotel is awesome. We really liked not being in the heart of Waikiki and away from the major traffic. *The 24 hour coffee house next door (Wailana Coffee House) is very good. We also ate at Cheeseburger Waikiki just down the street and the Chart House around the corner. A McDonalds and Subway are just down the street as well (this made our two teenagers very happy!)We wouldn't hesitate to stay here again. With the money we saved on room rates, we were able to do a Helicopter Tour and Swim with the Sharks on the North Shore (that was one INCREDIBLE experience). We also recommend touring Pearl Harbor and checking out Hanauma Bay. Feel free to email any specific questions ... happy travels!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Flugschein
<Content>Good value for money Stayed at the Aqua Palms during our first trip to Hawaii. We checked in promptly at 3pm and were upgraded to a partial-ocean view room facing Ala Moana Blvd. as our intended room was not ready. The view was nice; however, light sleepers should beware. The traffic noise is considerable and the rooms are not soundproofed. The room itself was nicely updated, stylish and clean. The bed was among the most comfortable I have slept on. As other reviewers have noted, the location is good; on the edge of Waikiki, convenient to everything, yet not smack in the middle of all the craziness. Do take advantage of the 10% discount offered to all hotel guests at the coffee shop next door. It is an old-school classic and recently named by Honolulu Weekly as one of the 3 best 24-hour diners on the island. This is a good value for the location, but again, you may have to compromise on the room view if you are sensitive to the noise of street traffic.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RolexNY
<Content>Excellent value and much better than expected! My sister and I decided to go to Honolulu the week going into Memorial Day weekend. The weather couldn't have been better! The hotel is small but charming with an inviting lobby. Check in and Check out was super fast. I've read about issues with the elevators and we have NO problems at all with any of the 3 elevators. Front desk and maid service was extremely efficient. The free breakfast was not too bad. No problems with the air conditiong as stated by previous posters but I did notice that if you open the door to your room then the AC stops but will resume when you close the door shut! We had a studio facing the street with a fantastic view of the park and the Hilton Hawaiin Village. The hotel is a short bus ride to Kuhio Avenue where all the action is. Within walking distance from the hotel is the Ala Moana shopping center. The food at the mall was great and not your typical food court. I do wish the pool area at the hotel had more lounge seating. They only had 4 but there seemed to be plenty of room for more. The pool area had about 6 regular chairs, a dining table, and a barbeque. All in all we had an excellent time and this is coming from someone that travels up to 6 times per year and has stayed at many different hotels around the world.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mastermc
<Content>Great Hotel               More photos  
<Date>May 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>shaq&ani
<Content>Great location!!! The location was perfect. Probably about a 15-20 min into Waikiki and the Ala Moana Shopping Center. Continental Breakfast is a little more than a child's snack pack (Danish, Warm Juice, Yogurt). Eggs 'n' Things is about a 5-10 min walk. Great food, good prices, you can't go wrong. When we first arrived, we were given a room that wasn't cleaned properly, so we were promptly accomodated to a different room. However, the room we got was adjacent to the elevators which kept us up all night. Not what you expect especially since we arrived a few hours prior. In the morning we complained again. We were moved to a lower floor, but the room was much better, clean, and spacious. If you plan to rent a car, don't bother renting from the hotel agent. We were able to find much better rates just outside Waikiki (Enterprise rent a car on Ala Moana Blvd. near the Honda dealership). Parking will cost you $15.00/night. Take your time manuevering through the lot and parking your car (very small and easy to hit something). All in all, great deal for the price. Staff is quite friendly and accomodating.  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Revuguru
<Content>Fantastic Accomodations with great views Thanks to reviews on this site, we chose the Aqua Palms for our first trip to Waikiki Beach April 27 to May 4, 2006. The furnishings and decorating are premium, different, and lovely. The beds are extremely comfortable. We loved our lanai with a view of Diamond Head, as well as the beach [looking between two buildings]. I used the clean laundry facilities. The staff was greatly accomodating. As mentioned in previous reviews, the bathroom and closet are small, but the bathroom is quite elegant. We dined twice at the Walilana Coffee House next door. They have a nice, small salad bar, and the food was excellent and reasonable. There is a Subway and a McDonalds just down the street. If you are budget travelers as we are, you will like Long's Drugs in the Aloa Moana Mall. Go there first for groceries. For souvenirs, we shopped at the Swap Meet, as well as the International Marketplace. We used The Bus extensively for $2.00 each way with a transfer to get back.  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! I wasn't sure what to expect, but it exceeded all my expectations. The rooms were very clean, the location was great. We had a view of both Diamond Head and the ocean from our balcony. The staff was great and upgraded our room when we told them it was our honeymoon. There were many resturant options within walking distance and it was great having the Hilton Hawiian Village across the street. I was concerned when a reviewer said that he couldn't adjust the room temperature, but we had a thermostat by our bed that worked perfectly. No problems with the toliets or the magnetic card.  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Rebemdee
<Content>We liked it. We liked the Aqua Palms. The hotel's within walking distance of the beach in front of the Hilton Hawaiian and about 8 blocks from the Ala Moana shopping center. The rooms seem to have been remodeled within the past few years and were in good shape. The staff is very friendly and efficient. Each morning, the hotel delivers to guests' doorsteps cans of guava juice, yogurt, and pastries for breakfast. The hotel is next to a restaurant which serves breakfast, lunch and dinner. The food is average and Denny's-like in variety, but it's reasonably priced.Parking is $15.00 a day, and be sure to rent a small car since the garage space is tight. There was a woman who sat in the parking lot all day in a folding chair checking license plates. Please wave to her--her life must be hell.Recommended for location, amenities, and cost.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel!            
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Rebley
<Content>Aqua Palms My husband and I stayed at Aqua Palms May 1-8. I extensivley researched to find a decent hotel for a resonable price, and for the most part Aqua Palms fit the bill. First of all, some of the pictures on various websites are misleading. They make the lobby look big and spacious, however this is not the case. It's not a cave or anything but it is snug. The parking garage is a tight squeeze you might have issues if you're driving a bigger SUV. We had a honda pilot and managed just fine. There is always a parking garage attendant in the parking garage that checks you in and out each time, it's a bit annoying but worth the extra security. Parking is $15.00 a day, but seems about average for Honolulu. The people at the front desk were nice and extremely accomadating. We had searched for the lowest fare on the internet and found it at Tripres.com When we called the Aqua Palms they matched the price and took an extra $15.00 off. It get's better, a few days before our scheduled trip I checked the prices online again and saw that they had dropped even more. When we went to check in my husband showed them what we had found, and although they didn't match it they took another $60.00 off the price and threw in free breakfast. (Some people get offered breakfast others don't, I'm not quite sure their policy on this) We ended up paying $87.00/ night before taxes and surcharges we're added on. Breakfast isn't anything to write home about, but it is free. You get a danish, yougurt and a juice. The juice was always room temperature, but it was enough to get you going in the morning, but you could not survive on it alone. Another perk, you get to choose what time you want it delivered to your room. The elevators in the hotel are a NIGHTMARE! We would sometimes wait 5 minutes for the elevator. They have 3 elevators, and while the hotel has undergone extensive remodeling the elevator system has not. We were on the fifth floor and opted for the stairs most of the time. We were a little worried when when we got off the elevator the first time, the hallways were stifling! They were so hot and humid and I started second guessing our hotel choice. Once we got in the room though doubts vanished and we were fine. The rooms are comfortable and bright. Everything looks brand new. There is a mini fridge, microwave, and a few plates, cups, and utensils for your use. The rooms also have a tv with a built in dvd player. Everything in the room is extremely modern and up to date. The bed was extremely comfortable not to firm or soft. The bathroom has granite countertops and they have your basic shampoo, lotion, and soap. Housekeeping always got to our room in a timely matter and we never felt worried leaving anything valuable out. They do have a free safe in your room if your worried about that sort of thing. This hotel is close to lots of shopping and restaraunts. The beach is very close and you just have to cut through Hilton Hawaiian Village (Be careful or you will have hotel envy) The beach adjacent to hilton is not all that, if you want a good beach go down further toward diamond head and you will find waves that are rideable. Because of the Aqua Palms location it's alot easier to get in and out of honolulu. You're not in the thick of the city but close enough to enjoy all it has to offer, bring your walking shoes! If you want a good restaraunt reccomendation ask the front desk and they will give you an honest opinion. They even offered us a free coupon to the place we were going to. Another note, I didn't see ANY children here, I don't know if there really wasn't any or if I just didn't catch them. Never had any problems with noise from neighbors. Noise from the street was a different story. I don't know if Ala Moana (the street the hotel is on) is popular for street racing but you could hear it going on at night. We were always so tired it didn't really bother us much, if you're worried about ask to stay on the back side of the hotel that faces residental housing. Stay with your laundry if you use the laundry room. Some guy got his jeans stolen out of the dryer (at least they left his underwear!) and wasn't too happy about it. All and all we had a nice stay and would stay here again.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Rare Breed Aqua Palms is a rare breed of hotel now a days. I have worked in many hotels and it is one of the finest and best priced I've seen. Depending on which room you choose the Aqua Palms includes many of the extras that other hotels no longer offer. For example they have complimentary coffee in the mornings, free internet service, free local calls, a spa and much more! Also the front desk's staff and travel desk is incrediably friendly, knowledgable and ready to help. The best part is that it is priced less then other hotels that offer much less. It has also been recently renovated so the decor is lovely. It is one of the best deals in town, that's for sure!  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing My friend and I went away for 5 days and stayed at the Aqua Palms based on all the wonderfull reviews from this website. I would have to agree with the positive ones. The location was perfect just a short walk through the Hilton to a not so busy beach. We were just about a 10 minute walk to the Ala Moana shopping center just around the corner. This is were all the locals go not to mention a fantastic Ross store, Walmart and Sams club that's were the most amazing deals can be found. The hotel was very clean, the continental breakfast wasn't the healthiest meal but it was a very nice touch being brought up to you at whatever time you requested it for. The staff was very friendly. The only suggestion I have is that when you check in you are given a voucher for a free bag from expedia be sure to pick it up within 24hours or they won't give it to you. I guess it's their chance to try and get you to book some tours towards the beginning of your stay. The pool was L shaped and to be honest I never saw anyone there but then again the beach is so close. Don't forget to pick up your large beach towels from the front desk. As for dining we really recommend a Thai restaraunt called Singha right on the corner diagnal from the Hilton it's a bit pricey but one of the best Thai places we have ever eaten at. Also the Cheese cake factory is a must great value, portions and location. All in all this hotel is perfect for the price don't hestitate to stay here.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Find! Great Location! Couldn't have picked a better location. I stayed at the Hale Koa (military resort 1 block away) for 3 days and moved over to the Aqua Palms for 3 days. As mentioned previously - Aqua Palms is directly across Ala Moana Blvd from Hilton Hawaiian, Hale Koa, etc. Rooms great, amenities great. No closet in my room - but an armoire to store clothes. Microwave and fridge nice! A few tips - whether you are or are not military - check out the Barefoot Bar on the beach at the Hale Koa. The only place at the Hale Koa that they do not card for military IDs, and I guarantee you they make the best (and least expensive) Mai Tais in Waikiki. Beautiful sunsets from this location. MaiTais are pretty powerful, but hey - you can walk back to the hotel. Some bartenders have been at this bar for 25+ years. As mentioned before - the beaches at this end of Waikiki are the best! If you are military or DoD - you can park in the Hale Koa parking lot versus the Aqua Palms. Aqua Palms parking lot is $15 per day. $12 per day at Hale Koa - or you can buy an advance pass (for a 3 day minimum) for $6 per day to park at the Hale Koa. The parking lot is so big, if you park at the far end, you can walk out of the parking lot practically at Ala Moana Blvd. Cross the street and you are at the hotel. To get to this parking lot, from Ala Moana Blvd, make a right on Kalia Rd, and make the left at the second light - you'll see the parking lot on your left. One last tip, google Waikiki Beach Cams, and the first link that will come up is the Duke Kahanamoku statue in Waikiki. That cam is a living post card. Called ALL my friends from this statue. It's on Kalakaua - a ways down. It is beach accessible, but it's at least a mile away. Nice walk tho'!! Have fun!!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value Requested 2 queen beds, but got one king sized, which would not do for our party of 3. After a few minutes on the computer they offered one queen and a sofa bed, anything else would cost extra. Although we were not completely satisfied with that, we took it. Other than this hiccup, everything was great. I have to admit the low price was the main attraction to this hotel.You'll be 5 minutes from the beach, and 10 minutes from where everything is happening at Waikiki. I was very satisfied with the location.Service was great, everyone was extremely nice, patient, and helpful.Rooms were decent sized, clean, had basic cable and a dvd player. The pool and fitness rooms were extremely small, but we didn't use them being in Hawaii after all. There is free internet ONLY for your laptop. There are no public computers in the lobby like I was led to believe.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Budget Hotel - Convenient Location This hotel has a variety of accomodations including small apartments. I stayed in a studio. It was small but recently remodeled and very clean and comfortable. I was in town on business and I prefer this location because it is at the back edge of Waikiki - an easy walk, but also is easiest to get out in your car to go to the airport, Pearl Harbor or North shore. This is not a beachfront hotel, but you can walk to the beach very easily through the Hilton property. The onsite pool and fitness facilities are okay but basically you're going to want to go to the beach. This is an excellent budget choice for people who don't want to hang out at their hotel. Keep in mind that Honolulu is a CITY. If you haven't been to Hawaii and want a restful resort experience I wouldn't go here at all. If you want Miami Beach on an island then come on down.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great, clean place to stay for less for a 3 - 3.5 star hotel quality Good:Service is incredible. People are very nice and accommodating. We first upgraded the room to the oceanview but then changed our mind and switched back to our original room (city view) due to black, dirty permanent marks in the bathtub. According to the hotel staff, the tub is clean but it's scratched and unfortunately they can't take out the black straches. They are accommodating enough to let us switch. I think this is a great example of the kindness and services they are willing to do for their guests. By the way, if the scratches don't bother you, consider asking for room 1110. Pretty good decent view (Read on to Fair section before deciding to go with the oceanview)I would say the location is pretty good if you don't mind NOT being in the heart of waikiki. I really like it because it's close enough to Ala Moana Mall. If you like to shop, this is a plus. The mall has everything!! Great restaurants, good shops, markets, etc. I walked everywhere and frankly it wasn't that bad. it's about 10 - 15 mins to Ala Moana Mall in one direction and to heart of waikiki in the another direction. We got a rental car so I didn't exactly get a chance to try busing around. I did notice that the bus stop is VERY CLOSE to the hotel (like 1 min walk)Cleanliness: The place is fairly clean and new. No complaint other than the scratched tub. I do have to say that I'm usually picky with this topic. Other than what is mentioned, the hotel really keeps it clean. Amenities: TV with DVD, Microwave, Plates, Utensils, Iron (by request only), and basic toiletriesFair:The ocean view is good considering the size and location of the hotel. Some rooms have really good view of the Ala Moana State Beach but I would say the Hilton (being quite a bit taller) takes away a great deal of what could have been Keep in mind that this property is NOT exactly on the beachBathroom size is small but it's ok. The bath tub/shower could be a problem for tall individuals... I say taller than 5-9. I'm small so I'm lucky that it was not a problem for me at all. However, if you're tall..I can see that it wouldn't be too comfortable. For people who like to take bath, don't choose this hotel. The tub is even too small for me! Breakfast: I hope that nobody pays for it. If it's free, it's okay. The hawaiian sun drinks are handy when you're off sightseeing. Yogurts and pastries are basic but adequate to get everyone going in the morning. There's no fresh coffee :( I mean you can make it as it comes in a package like most other hotels.Not so great:Parking is EXPENSIVE. We got a rental car and ended up paying $15/day. I tried looking around for lots to park but didn't find any. I think there is a smaller street (maybe EWA) that you can park overnight. We didn't try but would be a good option to explore if you want to save $$.Elevator: It's kinda slow and old. It's not a big point to make but I'm just throwing in to be complete....Water in the room: They charge $$ for it. We drink a lot of water so it was a must for us to take a trip to longs and stock in the fridge.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time at the Aqua Palms Aqua Palms is a classy little hotel in Waikiki. We were there for 22 days and plan to return soon. The staff is very friendly, rooms are really clean and comfortable and the location is terrific, just across the street from the Hilton Hawaiian Village with access to the widest and best kept beaches in Waikiki. The room had a good-sized frig with a little freezer section, full-length mirror, internet access, coffeemaker and microwave, flatscreen TV, free Kona coffee provided every day both regular and decaf, comfortable bed and sofa, little balcony with nice furniture. The hotel has a spa, small pool and an excercise room as well. The air conditioning works great and there is plenty of hot water and really good water pressure. The lobby is beautifully decorated and the management hosts a little get together once a week to chat and have a glass of wine. Honolulu is noisy so upper floors are best. You cannot beat the price. It is much nicer than the Hilton we stayed at in London! Good places to eat in the area are Eggs and Things for breakfast if you have the time to wait to get in and Mediterraneo on King Street for dinner.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the pits this is the type of hotel people go to when they can't afford the hilton-which happens to be across the street.yes it has been renovated, but it has problems. they have low flush toilets so they always get plugged, the room keys constantly demagnetize, tiny pool, can't control room temperature, continential breakfast doesn't even have cereal. it is within walking distance to a good mall and wallmart and if you cut through the hilton compound you can get to the beach quickly. there are not any average places to eat-either junk or high end at the hilton.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RottweilerGrrrl
<Content>Fabulous location, great value (but hard beds!) Pros: * GREAT location -- across the street from the Hilton Hawaiian Village, easy beach access* Convenient to transportation -- take The Bus to destinations like the Arizona Memorial and the Aloha Bowl Swap Meet. The stop is right in front of the hotel and it is way cheaper than renting a car. Do yourself a favor and get the $20 visitor pass valid for unlimited travel on all buses for up to 4 days.* Clean, with friendly maintenance staff* Amenities like the mini-fridge and the balcony* And most of all very affordable, especially compared to other hotels in the immediate areaCons:* Tiny bathroom with weird / inadequate lighting and no fan (that was really strange -- I don't think I've ever seen a hotel bathroom without a fan)* The beds are hard as heck (now this is a personal issue -- my partner loved the bed, but I ended up sleeping on the sofa one night)Would I stay there again? Yes, but I'd bring a body pillow to lay on...  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Simon_Harrison
<Content>Good value in a great location We spent a week at the Palms at the start of March - all the way from the UK to see Hawaii have the worst weather for decades - and we got snow in Vegas!I thought the room we got was a little small for a Deluxe studio, and we were next to the lift shafts, which weren't too quiet, but the room was comfortable enough - the bed was excellent, everything worked and the place was spotless.Due to the weather, we didn't really get chance to check out the small pool, but it looked nice enough from the balcony directly above it.However, this place is in a very good spot, 10 minutes to the beach through the Hilton isn't too far, and you can walk into Waikiki across the park. There's a bus stop and a trolley stop directly outside the hotel for access to the essential Ala Moana center. Having said that, it is a busy road outside, all night - but its' so easy to get to some good restaurants, even in the torrential rain.If you're looking for a resort hotel, this isn't the place, there's no bar, or room service, but if you just want a place to crash between trips out to the beach/shops/restaurants, we would recommend it very highly.Would we go back to the Palms? If we were on a budget similar to this one, absolutely - for the price, the standard and location can't be beaten.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>shand417
<Content>Great Accomodations, Even Better Price! My husband and I stayed at the Aqua Palms Mar 8-13. I found a deal on line for $117/night. Thanks to Tripadvisor reviews, I felt confident that we would have a good stay....and we did! Very friendly staff, nice pool, clean rooms, excellent location. We walked over to the beach every day through Hilton Hawaiian Village. I laughed to myself thinking those people paid 3 or 4 times as much as we did. We had access to their beach and front desk services (bought postage there). The only suggestion that I would make for the hotel is to install some better lighting in the shower. Other than that...BRAVO!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>poohbear1970
<Content>The best kept secret This has to be the best kept secret hotel in honolulu .. wanted to write a bad review so it won't be full next time we go back and the price won't change.Just got back today from 6 nights at the aqua palms have to say it's the best place, free internet in your room, all new tv's with dvd player ( that plays dvd r's), bathroom is nicely decorated, nice clean carpets and everything in the room is new.There is also a microwave and mini fridge to store your groceries and afew bowls and cutlery in the room.We had our mini breakfast delivered every morning just like room service! The pool is small but atleast there is a pool and clean , nice workout room .The hotel was very quiet and the staff friendly .Subway , aloha sushi, mcd's, coffee shop, red lobster, abc store are all minnutes from the hotel.Ala Moana shopping centre, ross and walmart are about 15 minutes walking away.The beach can be accessed from the hilton which is across the street.Make sure you see the penguins, turtles.We were all very impressed with the aqua palms and hope to return this fall.Have a great time in honolulu by staying here.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MyDime
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location       View2  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent great service very clean super nice worker everything is walking distance i rented a car from alamo and never drove it i was upset about the amateur service from alamo they overcharged me and told me i was going to get credit back i was never credit back i had to file a complaint but when i got to aqua palms they were so nice i had no problems with them i highly recomend it's on a great location everything is walking distance from shopping eating the beach .Don't forget to bring you own dvd movies there a Dvd player the hottel provided the hotel provided-no need to rent a car  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming Hotel on a Very Busy Street Although the Palms is marketed as condominiums, the rooms are all hotel room size. All rooms are about 300 sq ft and rectangular. Half face Ala Moana Blvd, and half face the residential neighborhood behind the hotel. As others have mentioned, the rooms were updated last fall (2005) and are clean, modern and generally free of the stains, blemishes and mold that you can find in high-traffic destinations like Waikiki. We never saw any bugs. The finishes and fixtures are high-quality. Three elevators provide quick service to the 11 floors. Here are some details I did not see in previous reviews...o The bathroom is quite small, but has nice touches like a bowed shower rod that keeps the curtain out of your way. Typical quality hotel amentities are provided.o The beds are really, really firm but I still found them comfortable. We had the two bed configuration which made for lots of lounging space. The pillows were not obnoxiously bulgey like some are.o Lighting is just OK in the rooms.o The TV/DVD combo is modern, works well (even with DVD-Rs), but has a modest 20 screen and is suspended six feet above the ground. It has numerous inputs including S-Video in case you wish to connect a camcorder. Just bring a 6 foot cable.o Soundproofing between rooms is excellent. I never heard a neighbor. HOWEVER... street noise is impossible to ignore. Everytime a trolly stops... ding. The street is a major arterial.o The AC works excellent with one major drawback... it is a central AC arrangement and the only control you have is the temperature. Normally there is a fan on setting that runs the fan all the time, which actually drowns out noise. This baby cycles on and off and on and off and... if that bothers you, earplugs are in order.o The workout room is sweet with the same TV/DVD, a nice treadmill, an eliptical, and a weight machine.o The pool is small, 4ft deep, and unheated as far as we could tell.o Yes, free DSL internet is in every room, and wireless internet is in the lobby. It worked well.o Storage is at a premium. Three bureau drawers and one free standing 3x3 closet.o Safes are provided, which are free and are fairly roomy.o If your rate includes the continental breakfast, it is a danish and or a mini muffin, a can of juice, and fruit yogurt. What is interesting is that they deliver it to your room at the time of your choosing if you turn in your slip by 10:00PM.o 4-cup coffee makers are provided, as is one package of Kona blend each day. It was a little weak for my tastes, so we bought some 4-cup filters and ground coffee at ABC stores. Coffee is also served in the lobby. Bring your own filters and save $2.49.o A mangers reception Wednesdays from 5-6PM includes a complementary beverage. We were served wine, but I heard Champagne is sometimes served as well. When we were there, they were also giving 5-minute free chair massages.So there you have it. Close to the beach and transportation, great rates, friendly staff, easy shopping and dining, not to mention free internet and a quick walk to the mall. If you can put up with the traffic and AC noise, do stay here. The views are really spectacular from the front of the hotel, but the back is undoubtably quieter. Either way, you won't be sorry.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Phillychef
<Content>Great Find Right across the street from the Hilton Hawaiian Village is this small (9 floors) great little hotel. Very reasonably priced, free coffee in lobby, complimentary(continental) breakfast, frig, micro and coffeemaker in every room. Friendly, helpful staff. Very clean small pool with a deck. Rooms are small but bigger than most and have a small deck with table and chairs. Free internet access and DVD player in the TV.Recently renovated, great location. Stay here, not luxury but an excellent value.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ellieca
<Content>A gem We stayed at this hotel for two nights in February, 2006. The property has turned condo, and all the units have been beautifully updated, just this last year, with granite, stainless, etc. They are clean and new. The central reservations number accepts the entertainment card, and we paid only $115.00 per night for a beautiful room in the most prime winter month. Free coffee is served in the lobby in the mornings, and there is a small fitness room. We have stayed at many different Waikiki hotels, but found this one to be a real bargain, and a lovely hotel. I believe there is a parking charge, but we did not have a car, and I cannot imagine why anyone would in Waikiki.We stayed at the Sheraton Princess Kauailani for two nights following our two nights at Aqua Palms, and except for the free business center with internet computers in the Sheraton, (something lacking at the Aqua Palms) we enjoyed the Aqua Palms more.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kemahone
<Content>Great location for a good price       View from our room  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Laurag29
<Content>EXCELLENT VALUE - BEAUTIFUL PLACE Would recommend this boutique style hotel to anyone visiting Waikiki. Located right across from the Hilton Hawaiian Village. All new lobby and furnishings look great. Very new and clean. Comfortable rooms and amenities. We stayed for the day after a Hawaiian cruise because our plane didn't leave until midnight. $99 to enjoy the beach across the street, Benihana for dinner at the Hilton, and have a place to rest and shower before travel. It's on the main street that will take you back to the airport. Thanks Eric for getting us booked last minute and letting us check in early with all of our bags. Why pay $300+ when you can stay here for a third of the price. You won't be disappointed - even picky members of your family will approve. P.S. Pool is very small, but has a nice view. Anyhow - who sits in the pool when Waikiki beach is a block away?  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very comfortable, good service We got upgraded to the Palms from Aqua Aloha Surf, and looks like it turned out for the best. We got a spacious room with a balcony (not the best view thought), prompt service, free internet access. And it is very close to the beach.Cons: no free breakfast, $15 per day for parking , but that's true for most hotels in Waikiki.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>adam420
<Content>Great Deal................Clean, nice hotel!!!! paid 110/night and this place is very nice, very clean............brand new stuff.Good location!If you want to do oahu cheap, or if you have a late flight and just need a place to crash...........It DOESN'T GET BETTER THAN THIS!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Retired-math-teacher
<Content>Don't pass this up!!! We stayed five nights in late November and can't believe the great value I found on travelworm. The total bill was $395 using the free Friday night offer. Added to this was the $15 per night parking which was well worth it:well guarded parking and the elevators all work now. We got a Diamondhead/ocean view on the 10th floor with the teeny balcony. The only drawback were some honey ants that appeared near the Waikiki kitchenette. You can't do better for the bargain price of $68 night plus tax! The property is being sold as condominiums, so hurry. You do NOT have to undergo a sales pitch to stay here.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ecwiii
<Content>Best Room, Best Location, Best Price The Palms at Waikiki (Aqua Palms)is located directly across the street from Hilton Hawaiian Village but costs SOOO much less. It's an extremely nice boutique type hotel. The rooms at the Palms are almost brand new and have wonderful designer decor that mixes traditional/vintage/modern. Every room has a large mini fridge (an oxymoron- but true), a microwave, a coffeemaker (the Hilton gets $4.95 a cup and the Palms gives you Kona coffee for free),some utensils, etc. There's an ABC store around the corner on the same block and you can get soda, cereal,bread, milk, snacks, etc. Of course there is also a truly yummy breakfast buffet at the Hilton for $20.50 a person that's worth trying at least once, too. And with the $$ you save on the room, you can afford to splurge some. We paid $86 a night (thank you Orbitz) for a room on the 9th floor facing the ocean (and the Hilton)and watched the Hilton fireworks from our room. You can also go over and watch from there, use their beach, access any of their restaurants, and shop their shops. The Palms is also close for going to the Ala Moana shopping mall (we walked)or the downtown stores (Royal Hawaiian Shopping Center, International Marketplace, etc) The Waikiki trolley stops right out the front door and is $2. There is a coffee shop type restaurant right next door that's good for burgers and eggs but nothing special. There are any number of special restaurants within 6 blocks (starting with just across the street at the- you guessed it- Hilton. The Palms has their own private pool and sundeck and fitness area. They also have some pretty good rates for massages and a good variety of spa services available right there or in your room. The Palms is also across from a large park that is like an oasis in the city. The location of the Palms means you almost don't need a car to do Waikiki activities. But do get out and explore-there is so much more to Oahu than Waikiki-the island is always sunny somewhere, if it rains on the east end- go to the west end. We like the Waikiki part but that's not the REAL Hawaii. The Palms charges $15 a day for parking and the ramp is really tight for space/corners-rent a compact car if you're planning to park there. The staff are friendly and helpful and go out of their way to make you satisfied. We have stayed in Hawaii over 20 times and this was the first place we've stayed that made us want to write about it. Some places have cost more (WAY more) and some less(but not much less)but this is definitely the BEST!! Thank you Aqua Palms at Waikiki!!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Palms was great!   showReview(4136451, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LeahToby
<Content>Very relaxing  We were not sure what to expect as there were few reviews written when we booked this hotel with travelbug on-line. We were very pleasantly surprised to find that it was quite classy, and neat, clean, and well set out with new furnishings. We were given a top floor room overlooking the beach. The kitchenette was restocked for coffee each day so we could brew our brekky. We were offered a free massage as part of the deal which was pleasant. We felt that it was great value for money  would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love it   showReview(4129889, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place..good value   showReview(4128376, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ridgesas
<Content>Great Deal   showReview(4123742, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>girly38
<Content>convenient and clean!   showReview(4078291, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean and low-key   showReview(4049367, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>beachcomber2005
<Content>Nice place!   showReview(3993178, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Envisioncreations
<Content>ELEGANT NEW and AFFORDABLE hotel! Should be 4 stars!!!   showReview(3940967, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean, New, Convenient, Friendly   showReview(3926323, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>alright i guess.... nit bad...   showReview(3839239, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>?> ?</a> </div>
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(21889406, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tom_und_Jerry
<Content>Sehr schnes sauberes Hotel. Empfehlenswert!       Blick ins Zimmer  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	4	3	

<Author>audrey4092
<Content>trop cher   showReview(20587360, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>?> ?</a> </div>
<Content>   showReview(19996368, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>releone65
<Content>comodo   showReview(19988531, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien mais   showReview(19634987, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Angemessen fr den Preis - Hawaii ist eben keine gnstige Destination.   showReview(19634988, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon hotel mais bruyant   showReview(15572759, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Preislesitungsverhltnis   showReview(14730165, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>patandthecity
<Content>bon rapport qualit prix   showReview(14029848, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlenswert und Preis-Leistungsverhltnis absolut in Ordnung!   showReview(13977553, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(21803132, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gutes, presiwertes Hotel auf Waikiki   showReview(11304044, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hervorragendes Preis-Leistungs-Verhltnis   showReview(11304045, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das nchste Mal kommt bestimmt!   showReview(11304040, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'idal pour le prix   showReview(11664329, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JenjaySeevetal
<Content>Nein danke!!!   showReview(10086167, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	2	2	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un excellent htel  Honolulu   showReview(11424578, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel correct   showReview(11424577, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon rapport qualit/prix   showReview(11396346, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11363195, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>nikki&michi
<Content>Prima Preisleistungsverhltnis       Zimmer im 10. Stock (No. 1002). Blick vom Balkon auf Honolulu  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19158843, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

