<Author>blushingcrow
<Content>In love with DA HOUSE!!       One of the little hide-a-ways..  
<Date>Jan 9, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>LudwigLeichardt
<Content>Da House, Da Noise, Da Water Pressure I had read about the street noise at Da House and requested a quieter room on the hotel website where rooms are listed according to their proximity to the laneway and noise. Although our room was at the top and back, the thud of the music from the club downstairs was still penetrating though I am a sound sleeper and was able to sleep well.The hotel is beautifully designed, clean and well maintained, the staff friendly and helpful but the water pressure was terrible.I only stayed one night on a Friday but was in the area later in the week and it seems midweek there would be little or no noise from the street below.It is certainly a good deal for the price and a great location, I suppose it depends on when you stay and how much noise you can put up with.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>gdilieto
<Content>Midrange Boutique Hotel in Old San Juan       Room - 1 of 4  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>AbeWu
<Content>Charming but limited hotel Da House's pros are well-known: economical, funky, centrally located. Our room (409) was clean and cozy. Having been warned about the noise, we chose this interior room on the highest floor. We could still hear the music but it was reasonably muted. Free internet connection in the room (Ethernet, not WiFi) was nice.A couple issues: one night the hot water apparently ran out. The front desk said that we might not have operated the shower valve properly but this wasn't a problem any other time. We also had miscommunication with housekeeping and they never came to make up our room. It also didn't help that they were going to charge $5 to hold our bags after checkout (though they let it go given our complaints).I recommend checking out the Nuyorican Cafe downstairs--might as well enjoy it if it's going to disturb your sleep! It was a lot of fun and many band members also work in the hotel by day.Overall we were a little disappointed with Da House, but it's still a good value if you're prepared for the noise and spartan furnishings and service.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	3	2	5	

<Author>crystylezz
<Content>Da House is Da Place to stay! My friend and I stayed here for a 4 day long weekend trip and we couldn't have picked a more perfect hotel for us. We loved how there were no TVs or elevators and just the whole look and feel of the hotel. Our corner room allowed us to have a view of both the street and alley where the infamous Nuyorican Cafe was. We loved how there was something always going on, but if you want to sleep before 3am - I advise earplugs. One thing I liked was that the front door was locked and there was a doorbell and camera so they could make sure only guests of the hotel were entering. The only complaint I had is that our shower head didn't work at times.. we had to call them to fix it, but it still didn't work sometimes. Other than that, the staff was very friendly and informative. Stay here if you're looking for a more low-key, artsy, modern place.. located in the heart of Old San Juan.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>kontrabas
<Content>Awful We've researched different hotel options in old San Juan and decided to stay at Da House on Calle San Francisco. There were no problems booking it online. I still called them and discussed different room options and went with their advise of a $120/night room with terrace access. We were told that the only people having access to it besides us would be those living in the other room accross the hallway from us. The first night at 4 am I was awakened by someone chatting over my head. Before going to bed I left the terrace door slightly open for air circulation, so I looked outside and found two drunk girls sitting at our terrace table which was literally 2 feet away from the room door smoking and talking aloud. I closed the door making sure they heared the sound of it but my hint was not understood and chatting and smoking continued. I had to go downstairs to the consierge and talk to him about this nonsense. He came up with me and escorted the girls out promising me that they'll post the sign on the terrace door informing guests that the terrace is closed for public access after 10:30pm. It's not enough space on the terrace to keep the rooms connected with it private enough for the amount of money one would pay ($120/night is not cheap, at least for us). The sign did not appear until the day after (not on the next day). On the third day we came to the room at 6pm and found it exactly the way we left it in the morning (quite untidy, sorry). I called the consierge and was told that the maids had issues and had to live early. That was it, no appologies, no promises to straighten the situation, no intentions to correct it what so ever. I asked what we should do about the dirty linnen and towels and all now and was told that there's nothing to do about it, but if I wanted they could change our towels. Did they really expect me not to want it?!! Anyway, we went out that night and when we came back, the bed was done but as I checked the linnen, it was the same old one, the floor was dirty as well. Finally, on our last day we had to check out by 12pm but our plane was at 5:20pm, so we had some time and I asked a consierge the night before if we could leave our backpacks with him (and there's a big staff room there with lots of space) for a couple of hours and he said no problem, but when we came to check out the next day there was a different girl at the desk and she told us there's a 5$ fee for them to look after our backpacks after checkout. We've traveled for the last 15+ years and never, i mean never were charged for such little courtesy thing as watching our luggage while we're waiting for our airport ride. When I told this to the girls and the desk she started to raise her voice at us. When I tried to tell her that we're probably entitled for a little break consiedering all the nonsense we had to deal with here she started plain yelling at us. That's how we left this place. The city itself and its people at large are wonderfull. Bottom line, Da Hous is Da Nonsense. Don't spoil your trip by staying there.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	3	

<Author>sngglby101
<Content>Fantastic hotel! Great location and superb price!       View from room  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>laglick
<Content>Great location !!!! We just returned from a short visit to Old San Juan and a stay at Da House. It is a beautifully restored building with fabulous original art through out the building and in the rooms. We stayed in room 407 which has a small patio and access to the balcony. Yes, the rooms are small but they are tastefully furnished and comfortable. The views from the balcony are unbelievable and the little hottub is a great place to relax after a day of sightseeing.Yes, it does get noisy at night with the music and the alley but that was half the fun and the salsa music was fun to listen to.The staff was friendly and helpful which we really appreciated.We are already planning another trip to Old San Juan and Da House!!!!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AlexofMelbourne
<Content>pretty hotel but loud salsa comes through floors First impressions were very positive.Was told different price rooms reflect noise but that some $80 rooms were quiet if positioned away from the club or main road.Beautiful room - and wasn't worried no TV or radio, small bathroom but all clean and good.only music really did keep me up despite ear plugs and while very very good music, had hoped to sleep.Very good service and location. perhaps great if not a thursday friday or saturday.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>GuapoBumsies
<Content>Trendy, Modern, Clean, Perfectly Located Gem in the heart of San Juan! We are completely hooked to Tripadvisor now! This gem of a hotel is perfectly located in the middle of Old San Juan. Everything is within close walking distance especially if your goal is exploring this beautiful old city at night (highly recommended). Just to be clear this is no full service hotel, while there is someone at the front desk all the time - this is a hotel designed for the smart, knowledgeable, informed tourist whose goal is a perfect location to explore the old city. Clean rooms, newer baths (small), no TV's (at least in room 312), beautiful hallways and architecture, nice towels, sheets but most of all clean and polished! Now there is a bar where musicians perform especially on the weekends and till well into the morning. While this should keep light sleepers away, the inside rooms are somewhat protected, but regardless of where you are you'll hear the music. We'll definately stay here if we are lucky enough to get back to Old San Juan - no trip to Puerto Rico is meaningful without spending at least a 1/2 day in Old San Juan - staying in Condado, Isla Verde, Caroline and other beach areas is meaningless (in my opinion) because there are way better beaches elsewhere. Recommend staying here and enjoying the city - avoid Cruise ship sundays if you can and know how to.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>szaggie
<Content>DA BEST HOTEL IN OLD SAN JUAN       the small street  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>missmc123
<Content>Checked out after first night Perhaps I am a little spoiled but I was VERY disappointed with Da House. Even with a $100 cancellation penalty, I felt it necessary to check out of this hotel.First of all, the noise was incredible from the street down below. However, that did not bother me because we were out until 4 am anyways. But to a sensative sleeper, this would pose a very big problem. I was in stunned disbelief that we had to LUG our suitcases up 4 very long flights of stairs without any help whatsoever. I think they should at least install a dumbwaiter or something just to get the luggage. Incredible! and I am young and in good health.The man at the front desk was not the nicest and i wouldnt dream of asking him to help with the luggage.Next to the room...... It was stifling hot, the air conditioning was almost non existant and has no TV, no closet or drawers. Only a bureau with shelfs. Besides that.... there was no shampoo or hairdryer either, and the mirror in the bathroom was ancient and we couldnt see any reflection in it at all. There was no plug in the bathroom either. Overall, if you are used to a 1 star tourist style hotel, this will be just fine. It is very convenient to the nightlife in the town.But if you are still wanting to stay in Old San Juan and are looking for something nicer, perhaps the El Convento would be more in line.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	3	1	1	3	

<Author>Abuella-Linda
<Content>da House is da Place! We stayed at da House 2 nights after a cruise. We had originally booked the Milano (and stayed there two nights before the cruise) but much preferred da House.It felt wonderfully clean - no carpets, but tile floors, which were scrubbed once or twice daily. Linens were crisp and clean. The bathroom was small - no counter to place make-up or shaving supplies. We opted for a corner room with two windows and small balconies - lots of light. No problems with noise as others experienced, but we were there Sunday and Monday nights.Front desk was extremely helpful with recommendations and taxi arrangements.The rooftop hot tub and lounge chairs were WONDERFUL! Views all around the island. Nice computer in the lobby - large screen on the wall however, so everyone sees what you are viewing.Negative is the lack of elevator, and the steps are steep:).Since it is an art gallery, the desk clerk placed a sizeable hold on our credit card -- just in case we took something. It didn't hurt our card, but if we had been up to our limit, it might have caused some frustration had we tried to make a purchase. I realize they have to be careful, but it did start me off on the wrong note -- I wish I had known to expect that.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>TJ4
<Content>Great choice for old San Juan       view from room 405  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	2	

<Author>mistyNovaScotia
<Content>quaint and inexpensive! I was a little nervous about staying here initially, but Da House is a hidden gem in the heart of Old San Juan. I was completely surprised but how impressive this place was, expecially for the price! It was the cheapest place I could find, even in comparison to surrounding areas. It is a prefect example of Puerto Rican atmosphere, if you are looking to get away from the standard. Our room was clean and we loved the rooftop. Do not confuse this with a 5 star hotel- there is no elevator (but the stairs really arent bad at all) and there was no TV in our room, but if you want a cheap, clean and inexpensive stay with Puerto Rican flare, this is the place. The worst part truly is the noise, as there isnt much of a sound barrier between you and the partiers on the street below, but we didnt have any trouble sleeping. Great staff as well.In summary, terrific location, great price, very Puerto-Rico!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>dianaprince4
<Content>Enjoyed my stay here ......       Front of Da House taken from across the street  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>hill38
<Content>Great stay at tucked-away gem in OSJ       view from bedroom window  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>bags_packed_again
<Content>If you make a reservation, stick to it. We stayed here for our first night in San Juan. We were tired and hungry, and the hotel did the trick. The room was clean, the hotel ambience was pretty nice (rooftop view-awesome!, great art throughout.)We arrived kind of late-ish (around 7 or 8) and the boy at check-in seemed more interested in telling us about his band than referring a good restaurant (Oh, just walk up and down the street, there are several.) There were several, but a nice recommendation would have been helpful, to get an idea of pricing and food. Usually you can get that at a hotel; we did learn where his band would be playing that week (despite the fact that we wouldn't be in San Juan long. But anyway.)For the price, this was a good hotel if you are planning to stay in San Juan. But, IF YOU CHANGE YOUR MIND, you MUST give 30 days notice or they will try to charge you a $100 cancellation fee. We had planned to stay here the last night of our trip too, but had a change of plans. We called, giving more than the standard 24 hours notice and Juanra (Manager/owner??) insisted we had to pay $100. He said this was normal at any hotel. Right. I'm no small-town girl. And, we had a change in our itinerary and also had to cancel at a hotel in Condado Beach and they didn't bat an eye. I told him that was ridiculous-he bargained down to $50. I told him that was ridiculous-I bargained down to $25 when I told him we had already stayed at the hotel one night. Finally, when I asked him how I could be guaranteed the final $25 agreement (which I still thought was ridiculous, but I was ready to get off the phone and back to my vacation) he got accusatory and said I didn't trust him, blah, blah, blah. I just wanted a confirmation number. I won't say he hung up on me, maybe we got disconnected (I was calling from the south part of the island) but the phone disconnected us. It left a bad taste in my mouth and a lasting impression. We won't stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>sneakerboi
<Content>Perfect for the Price I stayed at Da House for five days last Fall. Been meaning to write a review for months... I wanted to stay in Old San Juan so I could visit the museums and forts, as well view the beautiful architecture. I called the management about one of their apartment locations. They recommended that I stay at Da House so I decided to take a chance. Glad I did. The location was perfect for daily walks around the city, the staff was friendly and helpful, and the rooms as well as overall hotel were charming. I read a few reviews so initially, I booked a room away from the alley. But after seeing the rooms from the balcony, I switched the next day to a balcony room. The noise didn't bother me a bit (although I guess if you're a light sleeper it might). There wasn't an elevator, but the staff helped me with my bags upon arrival and departure and the walk upstairs wasn't like a skyscraper. The bathrooms were tight, but they were clean and the towels were fresh (something I'm a stickler about). I would give it five stars if it was perfect, but then would it be so affordable?!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LosAngelesCaligirl
<Content>Great location! My boyfriend and I stayed at Da House for two nights and also with their sister property, La Caleta, for one night in May 2008. We were happy with both properties and would return. We especially loved the location of Da House. Old San Juan has so many great restaurants in the SoFo district which is literally a 5 minute walk from Da House (we recommend Aquaviva and Dragonfly for dinner or drinks). Also, for breakfast there is a great place right around the corner called Mallorca. There are also so many great art galleries close by and we just had such a great time walking around and being centrally located. There is also a great club downstairs called the Nuyorican Cafe that has live music and gives you a taste of the local flavor. The only bad thing is the noise, you will defintiely hear it at Da House.. If you aren't planning to be out late at night, this may be a reason to not stay here. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The decor in Da House is very cool, great artwork and cool furniture but the rooms are small; this is really just a place to stay and don't expect to spend too much time in your room. It is clean and nice but not romantic or luxurious. We also felt very safe at all times, they have great security. On the other hand, you may want to stay at their sister property La Caleta (which you can also book on their website). These are one bedroom apartments that are roomy and also in a great location (right next door to El Convento). The apartments are a little run down but they are roomy, afforable and you can cook some of your meals there and be comfortable. Both of these properties are probably not intended for any high-maintenance travellers that would be happier at a resort in Condado or Isla Verde. If you want to stay in Old San Juan, these properties are the place to stay.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Wombatter
<Content>Excellent location We stayed here for four nights in May, 2008. We agree with all the other reviewers on the location - you're almost exactly in the center of the peninsula that's Old San Juan, and so getting anywhere is easy. The rooms were comfortable, though smallish, and the bathroom is rather cramped. Our a/c worked incredibly well, and the staff were fine, though we really didn't need them for anything other than buzzing us in.The noise was perhaps the only negative; 2 of the 4 nights it was a bit of a problem, though I'm somewhat sensitive to noise. (We were in room 403.) Also, beware that there are no elevators; walking up to the 4th floor doesn't sound like much, but they are tall floors and after a day in the summer heat it felt like a death march!Overall though, this was an incredible deal and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Flowergirl79
<Content>Very upsetting, stressful experience During Memorial Day weekend, my husband and I, along with another set of friends were suppose to be staying at Da House. while we attended a small, intimate wedding party. We made our reservations early February of 2008. We had rooms on the 4th floor.We tried to check into the hotel 3 hours before the rehearsal meal, giving us what should have been more than enough time to shower, and get ready for the party.When we arrived, we were told that we were not going to be allowed to check into our rooms. They were having air conditioning problems, among other things. As you will read below, the rest of our experience with Da House was AWFUL! We were so excited about staying at Da House, but they had POOR service and DID NOT care at all about us. We were in Puerto Rico to celebrate a close friend's destination wedding, and Da House experience gave our vacation a very poor start. If our rooms were having problems, they should have given us ample notice... we booked the room in FEBRUARY... they should have told us that we couldn't check into our rooms way in advance.We were definitely ripped off in a comfortable, enjoyable hotel stay. And I would've rather stayed somewhere else. It was a huge waste of money for a very unhappy stay.------------------------------------The staff ended up having us wait almost an entire hour, before letting us know that it was our 'lucky' day and they were going to put us up in another one of their properties... and that the rooms we were getting cost about $200 a night, so it was going to be really super.It took another 30 mins. for us to persuade the staff that Da House should pay for our taxi to the other place because we had just spent $25 on a taxi to ARRIVE at Da House. When we arrived at the new place, it did not have running hot water and there was a DEAD GECKO on our bed, so I think they did not really clean the rooms. The key also did not work for our friends' room. It took another 30 mins. to persuade Da House to give them another room in the new place. For the rest of the evening, we did not have hot running water. Our friends' room also did not have hot running water. In addition, their room smelled like MOLD and you had to go up a flight of stairs to access their bathroom. There was also no hotel desk at the new place, so when we called for assistance, the call went directly to Da House. Due to the checking in experience, and the cold water incident, we ended up being late to the rehearsal meal. The next day, we had to call Da House again and they AGAIN promised that the hot water issue would be resolved. An hour before the actual wedding, after a lot of stress, we finally persuaded Da House to give us another room to take a shower. We were given a lot of attitude, and the staff at Da House told us that it was not THEIR PROBLEM that we had cold water. They had sent NO ONE to come check in on us. They had a housekeeper open up the room with the new bathroom for us, at which she said that everything at the place was 'broken.'It was interesting, because all three of the rooms we'd seen at the new place had COMPLETELY different shower mechanisms... sometimes you had to turn the water to the left to get hot water, sometimes all the way to the right, sometimes just a little bit to the right. Anyway, I am VERY VERY disappointed with Da House... it wouldn't have been so bad if they had provided us with better service, but it seemed that they just took our money and completely ignored us and our needs. We got ripped off.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>didiz
<Content>Great Location I stayed at the hotel with my daughter after reading about it on trip advisor. Great location, you can walk everywhere in Old San Juan and plenty of public (free) transportation. It only cost $9 per person for a cab ride from the airport. The rooms were sparse but that is exactly what we expected. Great bargain and helpful staff. Be aware that it is near many bars, clubs and restaurants so it can be noisy at night, nothing a good pair of ear plugs can't block out. We would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>lovePR1
<Content>Great hotel, centrally located This is a very nice hotel centrally located in the middle of Old San Juan. It was prefect for our stay, there was always something to do regardless of the time of day. Yes, at night the Nuyorican club across the alley is a little loud, but the noise is not unbearable. We had a room with a balcony overlooking the alley, so I鈥檓 sure it doesn鈥檛 get louder than what we heard. I had no problem sleeping at night. If the noise factor is really an issue to you, pick an interior room. The restaurant across the alley has delicious lentil soup (I鈥檓 not a huge fan of lentil soup). Aside from the Nuyorican at night, there are plenty of spots to mingle at on San Sebastian Street, where you are guaranteed to find salsa music. San Sebastian Street is a couple of blocks away, no more than a five minute walk. The only bad experience that we had was as a result of one single employee at Da House. Before going further, I would like to add that she was the ONLY rude employee here, everyone else greeted us with a smile and always asked if there was anything they could do for us. This hotel is very safe, in order to get in you have to ring a doorbell and the employees buzz you in. Every single time she was working, and we came back to our room, she questioned if we were staying there and what room we were in, and sometimes even followed us. You would think that after the 4th time, our faces would be recognizable to her. No one else seemed to have a problem with remembering us, but her. She made us feel like we were not important enough. Aside from that, if you are planning on staying in Old San Juan, this is the place to be. Although this employee in particular was rude, I would stay here again, and just ignore her discourteous manners.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>TrottinLucas
<Content>Loooooooved Everything!!!!!! This is the BEST place to stay in Old San Juan...not only is it so centrally located, but its just got great everything. Clean, beautiful rooms with high ceilings and best of all, gorgeous wood doors that open out onto the street with tiny balconies. My only issue, and it wasn't an issue for me, but could be for others, is that it is located next to a music venue that can get noisy at night, but its FUN and as a NYC native I fell asleep no problem with no earplugs...besides its more fun to be in the center of it all...seriously it seems like this alley that the hotel is located on is the CENTER of nightlife in Old San Juan. The rooftop is NOT TO BE MISSED...I highly recommend this hotel for anyone, single, couples...maybe not families though.ENJOY!  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tanquerochicago
<Content>Chic and cool = Da House We stayed here for one night in April and loved it. We didn't hear any noise at all probably because it was a Monday so I can't speak about the noise issue. If you are looking for an amazingly chic and cheap place to stay- this is it.You are staying in a converted 300 year old building with gorgeous Spanish tiles throughout, 14 foot ceilings, comfortable beds, nice shower and inspiring art. Each room is named after one of the artists who originally turned the abandoned building in the 1970's into an artist commune- in 2007 it was convereted into Da House. There is an orginal piece of art in every room - the place is incredibly gorgeous and textured with cool furniture and paintings.The staff was so freindly and helpful- the place is romantic and edgy, and centrally located and within walking distance to all of the restaurants, galleries, boutiques, and El Morro.If you are looking for a place with a tv and cable and an elevator- don't stay here.This place feels European, New Yorkish, trendy, cool but not pretentious. No one is snotty or has an attitude there. They are friendly, and artistic staff. This is an eclectic place you can't find anywhere else. Make sure to check out the art thoughout the hotel and don't miss out on the roof-top jacuzzi with incredible views of old San Juan.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thebeerhunter
<Content>Da House isn't always Da Loud       Where the drums live.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Movintovieques
<Content>Loved Da House We stayed at Da House our first night in Puerto Rico. It was a little hard to find, but once we got there, the place was great! The lobby was beautiful, full of cool furniture and gorgeous artwork. Our room was really clean and we had a great balcony. I had read the other reviews and was worried about the noise, but it really wasn't that bad. The rooftop patio was really cool. We had a great time here and wished we would have stayed longer!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>WAVictoria
<Content>Great Hotel. Lots of Noise       The view of Fort San Christobal  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Deekny
<Content>LOVED DA HOUSE My husband and I stayed at this hotel prior to a cruise.we LOVED Da House. Location was great. Rooms are small but very nicely decorated. We spent much time on the roof top terrace enjoying the night time breeze and some glasses of wine. We visited many of the local establishments in downtown San Juan which we truly enjoyed. YES-there is a bit of a noise factor due to the salsa club that is in the alley where the entrance of the hotel is...so if you know this would bother you-please do not stay here. I wouldn't want to have someone write a bad review about Da House since you would have fair warning about the noise factor by reading previous reviews.. We had an interior room-and let me tell you that when you close the wooden shutters the room remains pitch black-doesn't matter if it's day or night, it's dark. Make sure you have some sort of wake up call, since we really over slept. It did not interfere with our cruise departure since we did not leave until 5pm.The staff are geat and we will definetly return to DA HOUSE in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>eurojamie04
<Content>Charming, eclectic, artsy space. But bring good earplugs. After reading a NY Times review of Da House from a few years ago, we knew we wanted to stay here. Beware, the Let's Go Puerto Rico book marked this hotel incorrectly in the map of Old San Juan, which caused us a little bit of a problem when we were trying to find it.Once we located it, we were so pleased and excited about our choice. I would say the style is eclectic contemporary with Old World charm. The beds are comfortable, appealing and pretty with crisp white linens and original artwork of local puerto rican artists. We were really impressed with some of the art and wanted to take it home with us, but we're really not at the economic level yet to be buying $2,000 screen prints. Some day.We loved the hot tub on the rooftop that had a nice view of the city and the fort. We spent late afternoon up there and shared a bottle of wine. (Sidenote about the wine: They have wine lists for room service on the bedside, but when we ordered on at the reception desk they only had one bottle - it was a good one, so we took it. But, then they had no glasses. Then, they had no corkscrew! At first, the receptionist told us to go to the restaurant across the alley and ask them to open it, but when I told her that was weird and uncomfortable, one of the cleaning people helped us at went and got it opened for us. They also rounded up some silly plastic wine cups which did the job. Anyway, problem solved. And when we checked out the next day I saw they had a new crate of wine glasses from our homestate glass manufacturer, Libbey Glass.)Everything they say about the noise is TRUE. It is HORRIBLE, and if you want to sleep anytime before 3 am you should buy or bring really good earplugs (I recommend the silicon kind you can get at Walgreens at the Plaza del Armas.)I would say that 2 days and one night in Old San Juan is plenty. We got bored and annoyed with sunburnt cruise ship dropoffs, the same 'ole souvineer shops and Peruvian knicknack and Indonesian furniture stores on every corner. Here's what I would recommend doing: Take a trip to the forts. Wander around an take pictures of the old doors and people. Spend an evening checking out a nice restaurant. (We're not big nightlife people, but I hear it's good, too.)  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Sandrademexico
<Content>Avoid corner rooms The good parts first. This is a beautiful place, beautiful chandelier and original artwork everywhere. Reasonable price . Helpful staff . The problems. I blame myself for not requesting an inside room when I made my reservations, but I didn't and the corner room I had was extremely noisy. Not only was there partying most of the night but the first morning at about 7:00 some kind of work which involved picking up and dropping large slabs of stone started taking place on the street below my room. Blam, Blam, Blam! I had bought earplugs and also tried the ones they will give you, but not much help. Although the staff is very nice and helpful, this is a very busy hotel and you need patience while you wait for them to help other people. Do not underestimate the noise. I am not sensitive to noise but this is a lot of noise. The second night I took a pill. The stairs aren't great but I stayed on the second floor (where the lobby is) and I did make it up and down. Staff is really very nice, I give them five stars. I might even stay there again, I just would be sure to book an inside room. I think you might well enjoy Da House.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pwoconnor
<Content>A good experience. As long as your expectations are in check you will be happy at the Da House. The location is great, the rooms are very clean, and the staff is friendly. As mentioned in other posts, it is loud at night and the rooms are small and basic. The price can't be beat for the overall experience. We were in town one night ahead of cruise so it worked perfect. So was the Da House worth it - Da!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>gln126
<Content>Very Artistic Place       few steps to the entrance of Da House  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>sparkles530
<Content>Amazing hotel with a great atmosphere! I have stayed at this hotel a number of times, and at their guest houses too. It is decorated wonderfully with tons of original art work. Everything is clean and all the linens are white (very important to me for cleanliness reasons). They have a couple of balconies and a rooftop with a hot tub. The staff is nice and laid back and willing to help accommodate you in one of their other properties if Da' House is full. I try to stay at this hotel every time I visit Old San Juan.The prices are pretty good too, $80 - $130 depending on the size of the room.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>toad16
<Content>Superb ... if you do your research I had stumbled across a NYT article describing this hotel after spending hours researching every over-priced room within ten miles of Old San Juan. I was stunned to find a hotel with ridiculously reasonable prices smack in the middle of Old Town.Da House is a beautiful hotel in an absolutely perfect location for walking/exploring one of the most colorful old cities you will ever visit. The staff are all very friendly and the hotel is kept clean. The rooms are simply lovely. We booked a 4th floor room (#404). The windows opened wide to a spectacular view over rooftops toward San Cristobal, the Capitol, and the sea. Now, this is a bohemain hotel in every sense of the word. If you like interesting people and interesting sites without the typical traveler attitude you get in resorts ... this is the place for you.HOWEVER, and UNDERSTAND ... The hotel sits directly above the Neuyorican Cafe, a busy restaraunt, and across the narrow alley from a hole-in-the-wall food/beer joint that is constantly occupied by locals during the day and deluged by students at night (cheapest beer in the city). Once the clock strikes 10pm, the noise ratchets up to a decibel level that is other worldly. There is simply no words to convey HOW LOUD IT REALLY IS ... and, please note ... I had done my research and made sure to bring ear plugs. Again, we were on the fourth floor on an outside room. It is possible that the inner rooms, not overlooking the alley may have been quieter. The noise is so overwhelming that you can feel the music through the floor, the bed, and the pillows. The music doesn't abate until 4am - EVERY night of the week. If street performers with drums and trumpets decide to add to the festivities in the alley, the decibel level increases to a point that renders ear plugs completely ineffective.Add to this the constant noise of the city and you have a very colorful stay. We absolutely loved it. Bring ear plugs, sleeping pills, and enough cash to get yourself loaded every night and you will sleep through the chaos. Food. The location is unbelievable and rests within a five minute walk from dozens of excellent restaurants. I travel for food first and enjoyed the best meal I have ever eaten anywhere at a restaurant located at the opposite end of the alley called Marmalade. Aquaviva is excellent. Cafe Berlin is must for a fabulous Sunday brunch. And, be sure to stop by Maria's for a terrifically simple taco, pina colada, and visit with the proprietor. Old San Juan is wonderful and Da House can't be beat for price, comfort, and a spectacular rooftop view at night from the hot tub. Just bring ear plugs and try to get a room on the 4th floor. 5 stars if not for the noise.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>travlinCalifornia
<Content>Beware of this place! My husband and I had most bizarre and disturbing experience at this 鈥渉otel鈥? Our particular problem occurred during the middle of our stay when we came back to the hotel and found all of our stuff was gone, room cleaned, no sign we had been there. When we asked at the front desk what was going on, we were told everything from checkout was at noon (we were staying another 2 nights!) to it was our fault because we booked the room (wtf! and that was from the manager!). After quite a bit of chaos and tears on my part (we had only come back to the hotel to change and head back out) they finally figured out what happened. When we originally checked in we were given a different room than the one we booked because the bathroom was broken 鈥?they decided to take it upon themselves to move our stuff to the original room. I鈥檝e never heard of such a thing! We were never told nor asked if this was okay. Who鈥檚 ever heard of such of a thing! Beware!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>1	4	2	2	3	2	2	1	

<Author>grandislekarin
<Content>A great value, great location We heard about the Da House from a friend who read a postive review in the New York Times. Our room was great -- clean, sparse, which was fine. We did run into the same noise problems other reviewers noted. We were on the alley too. We actually had to get ear plugs... Night two, I went to the bar/restaurant and asked the employees to turn it down. There were only two people in the bar and they were both employees. They actually turned it down! When we returned to stay on our way home, we were in an interior room and the noise level had dropped so it was fine. There is a nice rooftop hot tub and sitting area. Each floor has a little patio at one end. The lobby has free internet connection. The staff was really, really nice and helpful. We needed to make some flight arrangements and they took care of it for us. I think staying in Old San Juan is great. It's in the middle of all the activities and historical sites. We felt totally safe walking around in the evening. We will definetly stay in Da House next time.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LNfromNY
<Content>Da House is Da Place       Our room  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>tulsau
<Content>Great place We stayed at Da House for only 1 night. I would have liked to have stayed longer but we moved on. This was a neat European-like place. Yes, it is noisy since you are near a bar and in the center of the town but I did not mind it. We stayed in room #4 which is in the interior part so we heard nothing. I imagine the outer areas are louder. I would definitely stay here again. It is reasonable, clean, and fun. The staff is great too.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ERS26
<Content>Heed noise warnings! I want to echo earlier reviews: Da House centrally located, inexpensive, and beautiful. The staff are friendly and helpful. It is, however, LOUD. There are interior rooms that are quieter, but they do not have windows that open to the outside. Da House is not for people who want to go to sleep before 3 am.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CincinnatiTom
<Content>Awesome location, clean, comfortable, urban-chic       East from DaHouse rooftop  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>rivieberg
<Content>Vercict: Would Stay Again Upon booking two weekend nights at Da House, my counterparts and I thought how bad could it really be? Living on a somewhat busier street in Chicago, I thought I would be (somewhat) immune to the noise. It was tolerable, but LOUD. We stayed in a room on the top floor, facing the Callejon de la Capilla, the narrow, brick-paved alleyway containing the Nuyorican Cafe entrance and chinchorro (hole-in-the-wall bar) where people congregated and socialized all night or prior to entering the Nuyorican. The best way to explain staying at Da House on a weekend is like throwing a party for 200+ of your closest personal friends, with music and conversation flowing at high decibels鈥?it was fun, but all you want to do is graciously go to sleep. You can put up with the noise, because of course, it is your party.I must say that the price and location couldn鈥檛 be beat. The staff was extremely personable and helpful (with the exception of the gentleman who approached us while having drinks in the alleyway and told us he owned the hotel as well as the chair that a friend was sitting on and proceeded to take the chair and bring it to his table, even though there were other unoccupied chairs available). The accommodations, albeit small, were fine for our needs and our room did not have a television, if that is important.We decided that if we ever came back to Old San Juan we would probably stay at Da House, knowing what we know now. (Even on the fourth floor, the music and conversation floated upward.) We would be leery of the wake up call though, as we never received one as requested. Luckily we set our cell phone alarm clock. Also, make sure to check out the rooftop deck with great city views and hot tub!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	-1	5	

<Author>rrader
<Content>Exceeded our expectations Da House is 25 steps down the Callejon de Capilla (Alley of the Church) from the Calle de San Francisco. There are four brick steps into the entryway, through an interesting, double hinged heavy door. A small, blue sign is on the outside and another sign just inside the doorway assures you that you are in the correct location. If you room is on the fourth floor, you have now 74 more steps to take to your room. These are not that difficult to manage (this from a 61 year old male). We arrived late on a Friday night with four couples, all well traveled, some Spanish speakers, all dancers and all going on a cruise after our stay in Old San Juan. One other couple came in the next day. Juanra is one of the owners of Da House and had the staff well prepared for our arrival as there were not one, but several, young, strong people to lug our heavy bags up the stairs for us. Sebastian, in particular, moved very quickly and laughed the whole time he was helping us all out. Juanra even hooked us up with a young lady named Mariella (whose sister Noelia works the desk) and Raphel, a third year law student, for a one hour Salsa lesson at the Nuyorican Cafe (also owned by the Da House and occupying the first floor next to the Da House entrance).  We all slipped into the Nuyorican that night to hear the Caborican band with a conga player--named Juarna!! His wife plays keyboards for this excellent band. Everyone there was much younger than we, mostly PRs, and they could not have been friendlier or more fun. The place was packed and we were tired, so we left at 12:30 and slept until the dog's barking woke us up. There is a place called Yerta's which is about a half block down to the right on Calle de San Francisco which serves expresso, granola with yogurt and fruit, eggs and bacon, fresh squeezed orange juice, etc., hardly any of which is over three dollars. If you exit Da House, turn left, go the 25 steps to CSJ and go left for a half a block, you come to the Cafe Mallorca. There you can have a tostado with various fillings in a pressed pastry and powdered sugar for $1.75. Continue down CSJ, about six stores and on the right side of the street is La Bombonera, featured by Rachel Ray and incredible pastries. There is a really nice restaurant called Cafe Puerto Rico at the Christopher Columbus square. All these places are within two blocks of Da House. Saturday night there was a special show in support of Brazilian arts at the Nuyorican, so we sat in the alley, drank $1.75 beers from the small bar located there and had a ball watching all the people. The performers used the second floor lobbby of Da House as a changing room. They were obviously thrilled with the nights efforts as they held a cast party in that marble tiled, vaulted lobby, just below our room, until two in the morning. And Sunday morning, there was a Hog Run of Harleys traversing CSF past our church and on up to the church across from El Convento (five blocks) for services there. You should have heard those magnificent engines roaring in the narrow street bouncing off those buildings. Wow!! Now, that having been said, this is not the Howard Johnson, Motel Eight or Holiday Inn. There are no TV's (why would you want one?) and the rooms are all unique with featured PR artists in each with beautiful art everywhere. All the baths are different and the decor individual. This is in a city with dogs, garbage trucks, honking horns, incredible music, dancing, laughing and smiling. Isn't that why you came here? Remember, the beds are comfortable, the pillows soft, the weather warm, the breezes cool, the people delightful. We will definitely go back to our newest friends in San Juan. I would bet you will, as well.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>grapefarmer
<Content>Good for the price I liked this place, but it's definitely not for everyone. We stayed one Friday night prior to a cruise. We were originally supposed to fly in during the afternoon, but the flights changed until 9pm or so. I knew from reading reviews that it might be confusing to locate, and I'm glad I emailed for specific directions, because at that hour of the evening, it was difficult to find, and the cab driver didn't have a clue. They really could stand to put a better sign out front, and/or a sign inside the first floor, because you don't know for sure if you're in someone's house or not!We had a room on the 4th floor facing the walking alley which is where the entrance is and where the salsa bar entrance is. We honestly weren't too bothered by the noise-what actually bothered us more was the next morning when the street cleaners started hosing the street down at 7am. That woke us up.The bathroom was probably my biggest issue-it was pretty small, though decorative-I now know that I like the looks of those pretty bowl sinks that sit on top of the vanity, but realize they're worthless as far as not splashing water. I'd neglected to bring shampoo, and they had one of those soap/shampoo/conditioner dispensers set up in the shower, but it didn't contain anything.The location is great for exploring OSJ. They'll hold your luggage for $5 after checking out too. People were nice and offered to take luggage upstairs for us, but we handled it ourselves. Overall, it was a place to lay our heads, and it was pretty close to what I thought it would be, so I'd give it a 3 star.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>7WooHoos
<Content>Great location, great rooms, really noisy! We stayed at Da House recently and have mixed reviews about it. We really loved the location and the building and artwork, the staff, but there's no way to get around it's noise issue. Our cab knew exactly where it was and dropped us off at the end of the street. The entrance is down a small side street, with a little sign next to the door. The lobby is on the second floor, so we were not really sure if it was the right place, but the artwork made me feel like this was it. There is no elevator, but the staff offered to help us take our luggage up the stairs. We were on the fourth floor and loved our room. It was small and sparse, but so cute! I loved the shutters on the windows. We were told at check in that we had a great view of the government building, ocean and fort.....well it looked out over all the rooftops, although we could see the fort. It was still very quaint and it does remind me of the European pensions that we've stayed in. Also, having a car in Old San Juan is a real detriment...there is no place to go with it. Parking is impossible and the streets are already jammed with cars.Da House is in a great location for everything. We dropped off our luggage and immediately set out exploring. Everything is within walking distance of the hotel....good food, sightseeing, interesting people, great music! We had a fabulous time. We'd been traveling since 5am, so we finally went back to the room to go to bed....knowing it would be tough to sleep, because of the great music coming from below our window. People were sitting outside talking and laughing...having a wonderful time. I kept wishing that I had the energy to join them downstairs, but we were exhausted. We were so tired we slept, but not well. I can still hear the music and the laughing! Sound really travels at night!Overall, we really enjoyed it and we would stay here again for a few days, because we loved the flavor of the place. But, a long term stay would leave us too sleep deprived and not so forgiving of the quirkiness.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	5	3	5	3	3	

<Author>MissMermaid
<Content>Rooftop hottub! Well, people! I went back to Da House to check out the place after one year of operations and found--The rooftop hottub is totally awesome! I love this place Da House, and frankly, my friends like it too--inside Viejo San Juan, it cannot be beat.If you are going for a chi chi time of it, I suggest 2 or 3 days here in the Old town, and a few days on the beach at Condado Plaza (by far the best designed rooms in Condado, though not the best beach-then take them for a quickie cab ride to Ocean Park for lunch at Pamela's on the beach and a day of all sand). Your friends will be in awe that you are so in the know about the area.The rooms at Da House are pretty much as clean and posh as the first time I stayed there, when it was brand new--and I was delighted to see that the owners/managers have been so very responsive to the feedback and comments from guests...Things like--the internet reaches the whole hotel now, and just in case it is not working in your room for some reason, there is a way to check mail for free from the main lobby/ there are new hanging structures in many rooms for clothes, or drawers,etc./there are new bathroom details to help the spaces work better (soap-shampoo holders, etc.) There are additional seating options in most rooms, services available booking trips, and LOTS and LOTS of soundproofing has clearly been done. That said, it is not the place for everyone. If you have trouble with steps, it may not be for you. There are still noise issues in some rooms (though many are quite quiet, and if you ask, I found out that they can direct you to booking the quietest ones).Here is the big news for Da House!Da Hottub is SOOOO awesome. It is out on the roofdeck, and elevated slightly, so that when sitting in it, you have a panoramic view of Old San Juan, The ocean and the bay, and even the Capital building! There is no other place like it in all of Old San Juan! I mean, the other OSJ hotels don't have water options really (except for El Convento, which is 3 times the price nearly, and anyway, theirs is indoors). I hear they will soon have a mini bar up on the roof for beer and rum drinks, so happy hour/sunset on the roof should turn into a really fun social time...but for now, here was the scene:The sun, the deck, the lounge chairs, Da House...2 guests sitting at a teak table, chatting privately3 guests (2 adults and 1 very serious looking gymnast kid) practicing yoga poses on towels)1 guest practicing Tai Chi (or maybe it was Kung fu? I really wouldn't know the difference, lol)Myself and 3 others in the hot tub/bouncing back and forth between the water and the chairs, working on wicked tans and talking about buying apartments in Old San Juan.I mean, really, what did YOU do this weekend?ps...for non-sun folks, I think they have some umbrellas to bring up.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ryenne
<Content>Better than expected       stairs!!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>MaryandMel
<Content>Avoid the Guest House       Steps a la Duct Tape  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	-1	1	1	

<Author>YourTraveller
<Content>Clean, Friendly But...... We moved to Da House from a different hotel after our trip to the caribbean. I know it will be noisy but never realized how loud it would be. We were at the 4th flour and it was blasting loud, the celebration downstairs just went on and on until the wee hours of the morning. In fairness, we have our balcony doors open but the noise still seeped in (not as much) when we finally closed it.The place is recommended for its close proximity to everything however not recommended for travellers who like to bring tons of luggages. There are no elevators and you have to carry all your stuff to your room and if you are staying at the top floor. Good luck..,.Very good for young singles and travellers who can sleep through anything. The place is very clean and the staff are friendly and speak English.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	4	-1	4	

<Author>soion
<Content>No Sleep at Da House We wanted desperately to like this place. Its a great deal, we paid only $90.00, perfect location very close to good restaurants/clubs, and for budget accommodation it had excellent design and plenty of great art on the walls. We knew it would be on the noisy side because of the location and time of year (a weekend over the x-mas holidays) but were completely unprepared for how LOUD this place really was.We strolled in at 2:30am after a night out, I knew we were in trouble when the windows of the second floor lobby were shaking from the music in the cafe downstairs. Our room was on the second floor over looking the alley, even though we had booked one on the top floor, there were no others available. Sleep was impossible until after 5am, even with ear plugs provided by the staff and a sleeping pill. There was no sound difference between our room and being in the street below which was filled with dozens of people.The hotel is well aware of the noise problem. The cafe, the main source of the noise, is associated with the hotel. Their response to our complaint was met with 'its a holiday weekend the whole town is loud'. Their entire noise abatement program seemed to consists of a large jar of earplugs behind the check-in counter. True enough it was a holiday weekend, perhaps on a week night in the off season it would be quieter, but we didnt stick around to find out.If your looking for a hip inexpensive place in a good location to stash your bags this is the place for you. If you'd rather have a hotel that provides a place to sleep at night, look elsewhere.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>chichick
<Content>Da Fun at Da House       cool street near Da House  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BrnzBarbie22
<Content>Nice place with some cons...       Beautiful view from the balcony!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>airplaneruby
<Content>pros and cons There are a lot of good things to be said about Da House - the location is wonderful for walking Old San Juan and it's a beautiful hotel. I would recommend it to anyone on a budget as it seems to be the cheapest in the area, and is a good deal for the money. However, all the reviews are correct - the bar next door makes this place very loud at night and combined with the construction currently going on next door as well, it was nearly impossible to sleep. The staff was not overly helpful either...we were caught in the rain one night and returned to the hotel cold and wet, but when we asked for an extra blanket, they seemed confused and took quite awhile to locate one. There is no daily housekeeping, and a charge for luggage storage if your flight times don't happen to coincide with their check-in/out times.Overall, it wasn't a bad experience though - the hotel is really quite beautiful, just wish the staff was a little more considerate of guests' needs.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>renata101
<Content>Great Place For The Budget Traveler A girlfriend and I stayed here a couple days prior to a cruise. Great location in OSJ. Yes, it is very noisy at night. The revelry didn't stop until 5 AM on Friday night with the salsa bar below and honking cars. We knew that going in and still loved it. Friends brought us foam earplugs upon their arrival Saturday and we slept like babies that night. This place is superb if you love an eclectic, small, very clean, and inexpensive hotel and are willing to forgoe a couple of luxuries and deal with foam plugs in your ears at night. Personable staff, free internet, great artwork in the rooms and public areas, and no elevator but the staff ( a cheerful gal) carried our bags up the stairs. For $1.50 beers, go up to the walk-up bar just down and left of the entrance to the salsa bar below. It doesn't look like anything from the pedestrian alley but have no fear- step inside the mini lobby and ask for the local PR beer. For great food, head down the street (Calle San Francisco which Da House borders) in the direction of El Morro. There are two restaurants- Cafe Mallorca on the left and one a little further down on the right side past the Burger King - I don't remember it's name,sorry, and it was even just recently feautured on Food Network- but look for the pastries in the window and when you step inside it will be a long narrow restaurant-that place is great for breakfast. Both restaurants = more locals than tourists and inexpensive. There are other restaurants nearby but much more expensive. Farther down Calle San Francisco on the right past the restaurant is a Walgreens and another drug store if you forgot anything. Make sure to grab the free shuttle, too, that winds through OSJ and makes several drops-one being at El Morro. You'll see it passing you often. Don't be afraid to jump on- you'll save yourself a lot of walking. Da House Hotel is conveniently located near great restaurants, bars, sites, and the 50 cent ferry over to the Barcardi Factory . We walked being somewhat fit with our rolling luggage to the pier terminal. We really liked the $112 US we paid per night including tax.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kmconlon
<Content>Fantastic and Inexpensive Learned about Da House from NY Times review and decided to take a gamble b/c the price couldn't be beat. ($80 per night as compared to $225 for the other recommended hotel!) I would definitely recommend Da House to other travelers!Location: Can't be beat. In the heart of Old San Juan and within minutes of the Forts and all of the town squares.Accommodations: Beautiful artwork everywhere - including the rooms. Bathrooms were small, but incredibly clean. Each room has a window and/or balcony, and A/C that works great.Staff: Front desk very friendly and helpful. Daily maid service was spotty, but we didn't really care. No need for a new,clean towel EVERY day. We chalked it up to saving the environment.Other: No elevators, so pack accordingly or get ready for some lifting  climbing. And don't pick room 310 unless you go to bed after 2am and don't mind the noise from the night club. Again, we were so tired at the end of the day that we didn't care. But I would tell others to go for rooms in the 402, 403, 404 area.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>DAGTucson
<Content>Funky but noisy Great location in old San Juan; nice rooms with good beds; very helpful front desk staff; free Internet; nice artwork; some rooms are extremely noisy (above a night club); indifferent maid service; inflexible with regard to changes in length of stay; no elevator  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lboogie686
<Content>Great bohemian, artsy hotel that's affordable and central! Great hotel that is affordable ($80-$120), central in Old San Juan, bohemian (the art on the wall is for sale), and has a rooftop with great views and a little jacuzzi. BUT, if you book online with the hotel, CALL TO CONFIRM YOUR ONLINE BOOKING. I got there and they hadn't refreshed their booking system and said that I didn't have a reservation (luckily the room I booked was still open). Room 402 is great (it's the furthest away from the cafe downstairs that has live music, so it's quiet at night!) and it has a private/shared balcony, all for $120 a night! The hotel is beautiful - skylights, airy, clean - but not overly manicured - yes there was some dripping onto the floor from the A/C, yes the floor wasn't polished perfectly, but if you're someone who doesn' t mind this, it's fabulous! No tv, or elevator, but our room had a fridge and oven. And yes, it's noisy at night, but ask for a room that is away from the bar and definitely bring ear plugs if you're sensitive. I highly recommend this hotel!!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>jonesgirl84
<Content>Great Deal, Great Location, Great Bed!       One of the lobby side seating areas  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>proswthrt
<Content>Great for the price We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights. It's definitely a quaint eclectic hotel. The room we had was small, but very nice and clean. I know you are not supposed to do this on vacation but there was no TV. We weren't planning on staying in the room and just watching TV the whole trip, but on our down time it would have been nice to have. The music from the cafe below sneaks it's way up into your room at night. For the most part it wasn't that bad, but our last night at the hotel there was a lot of screaming going on so it was hard to sleep. The staff was helpful although when we arrived they stuck strictly to the 3pm check in time even though we got there at 2pm and the hotel seemed quite deserted. The location is a plus and Cafe Puertorico that is around the corner from the hotel is GREAT! The food was amazing. I wanted to go back for more! All in all it was good. Probably would not go back, but it was good.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>3	5	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>enjoyandre
<Content>Recommended, but not for families This was a pretty cool place to stay, its a renovated spanish colonial era building with rooms on the small side (at least ours was) and with a very european sort of feel. Our room opened up to a small patio, and a stairway beyond the patio led to the rooftop with a larger patio area. Great views from the roof of Old San Juan. The staff was very helpful and polite, and spoke flawless English if thats something thats important to you. While we stayed there, there was a loud private party in the alleyway, and in the hotel lobby, which we weren't informed about ahead of time... although we were ok with it, I could imagine that some people might be annoyed. Overall it was pretty loud every night we were there (Tuesday to Friday), which is why I wouldn't recommend it for families with children. Also the alleyway where the hotel's entrance is, is shared with the Nuyorican cafe and a small bar... so expect to see drunk people if you go out at night...With that said, I would definitely stay there again, because I felt like I was at the heart of where the action was in old San Juan.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Kione
<Content>Great Find! This is a beautiful, art-filled hotel in an awesome location - the heart of Old San Juan next to all the restaurants, bars and attractions. As others have noted, the Nuyorican Cafe is right next door and live bands play salsa there until the wee hours - so if you are seeking tranquility this is not the right hotel for you. However, if you are in Puerto Rico for a good time, why not go down and join the party! The patio on the top floor is also a great place to take in some of the atmosphere of a very happening Caribbean town.All that said, Da House does seem to be a work in progress. We had no hot water for a few days during our stay, which I suspect has something to do with the fact that some parts of the place still appear to be under construction. They also really need some kind of a sign outside because the entrance is in an alley and can be hard to find. Also, be warned that there did not seem to be TV's, clocks or radios in any of the rooms we saw ... not saying that's a bad thing, but it is another reason why Da House isn't for everyone. Bottom line: if you are looking for a stylish room in one of PR's funkiest neighborhoods and you are flexible enough to deal with minor inconveniences you can't beat Da House for the money.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>mrsirin
<Content>Great if you can sleep through anything As others have noted, Da House is very stylish, with a great central location in Old San Juan. However, the music, whether from the adjacent Nuyorican club, or from the bar in the alley, went on until about 3 AM almost every day I was there. I wore earplugs, but they couldn't block the sound of a trumpet in the alley at 2:30 one morning. Also, there's no elevator, so be prepared to carry your bags up four flights of stairs if you stay on the top level (the one with the terrace). The owner and the staff are very nice and friendly, though, and partying twenty-somethings likely would love the place.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Erin_Chicago
<Content>Nice for the price, but Loud! I read the reviews and knew the noise reputation, but we needed a place for 1 night on a layover. This location was fantastic, hotel was fantastic, staff was fantastic--and an unbeatable price. Noise at night was so much louder than I could've imagined! The bar downstairs wasn't so bad but the party in the street--live entertainment in the street--right outside the window on a Wed night. The live music featuring lots of drumming stopped about 1:30am and then the club went another hour maybe. The club wasn't so bad as it was contained inside, but the music in the street--I can't get over how impossible it was to drown it out. If we went back, I'd see if I could upgrade to an interior room (I think they've got interior rooms)--it would be worth it  still a good price. The rooftop deck was very nice too. But if there were no noise, I'm sure this place would charge $200/night.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>exaltron
<Content>Loud, yes, but so stylish and clean This hotel reminded me of some of the coolest places I've stayed in Europe, especially in Barcelona. With it's modern/vintage furniture, beautiful tiled floors in every room, high ceilings and huge windows, you would pay at least twice for a comparable hotel in Europe. I agree with the reviewer above about the noise, but it shouldn't necessarily put you off. I was on the third floor directly above the entrance to the club and I could make out every instrument and every note. Maybe just because I was exhausted, I was able to conk right out once I put in the earplugs they offered at the front desk. A room on the fourth floor towards the front of the building (the entrance to the club is along the side), would probably be considerably quieter (though with the balconies, they go for at least $20 more). One more thing: if noise is an issue in the morning, you may want to check with them if construction is going on across the alley as it was when I was there. And make sure you spend a few minutes lounging in the lobby of the hotel, easily one of the most gorgeous and interesting I've been in.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yetanotherone
<Content>LIve Salsa - in your own room! Don't be fooled by the nice pictures and perfect location, or by the nice NYT review (that's what happened to us).The deal seemed to good to be true: when we entered the hotel, we were amazed to see that it was such a nice cool place. I thougth the reason for such a low price was that the hotel was still under construction and rooms were missing fine details. However, that night we discovered what the problem with the hotel was: it's sitting on top of a salsa club. Starting at 10 pm the whole building vibrates to the rhythm of the music played downstairs. If you are lucky enough to have a room facing the alley, you also get the noise of the party going on in the bar right underneath your window. The location of the hotel is hard to beat, but this is certainly not a place for resting. When I complained about the noise, the manager suggested to solve the problem with earplugs, and was even offended because I thought the room was a place to sleep! She replied that this hotel was for people that wanted to enjoy the nightlife. We had planned a 4-night stay, but we had to leave and find another place (impossible for the same amount of money) after the first night (which was not even a weekend night!).In summary, despite the very nice atmosphere, I would not recommend this hotel unless you don't need sleep (music goes on until 3 am or so, construction noise starts around 8 am).  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>SalseroRuso
<Content>Perfect Surprise Perfect location. Excellent staff. The room was perfect 鈥?we stayed in one of the top storey rooms with a patio. There was A/C in the room but we did not need it 鈥?two windows had a good breeze going. Room was cleanThe best part for us (and I can see how it could be the worst part for some) was presence of two bars adjacent to the hotel. One had customers occupying el callejon (little walking street) on which hotel is located every night. They created a street ambiance that my wife and I loved! On top of that, the second place 鈥?鈥淭he Nuorican Caf茅鈥? that I think, is similar to the one in NYC, had life music blasting every night! Most of the nights it was Salsa! One day it was Latin Rock! My previous trips to PR I had to look for Salsa places, and with Regaton invasion it was a difficult task, believe me! This time we had Salsa party with life music going on every night next door! That was beyond my wildest dreams. Both of us adore Salsa and love to dance. We were very happy with our stay in Da Hause.Thank you all very much!  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>PIM2855
<Content>Nice Location, Good Hotel               More photos  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>etri9146
<Content>Great hotel - tough location The hotel is great - very clean, nicely decorated, super friendly staff. The location is great as well - short walking distance to restaurants, bars and shopping. The only downside is that is it SUPERnoisy. We had a room right on the alley. There is a bar across the alley from the cafe that is below the hotel. The cafe had loud live music and the bar tried to contend with a loud stereo. so lame. based on previous reviews i knew it would be loud there, but honestly didn't think it would be as bad as it was. it's ok to deal with if you know you're only staying for one night, but i'm not sure i'd return for more than that. they advertise the area as being very safe, but while my buddy and i went to find a nearby parking garage for the rental car our girlfriends were lucky enough to witness a chain fight in the alley below. yeah, that's right...a CHAIN fight. some guy (who we were told is a known drug dealer) was cracked in the head with a chain, and there was blood shed in the alley. that being said, there was a police presence nearby and I really didn't feel unsafe during my visit, but this story was a little unnerving. so if you're staying for a night, this place is worth it (especially if you want to stay up and party), but if you need a quiet place to crash for a few nights then look elsewhere. oh yeah - the reports of early morning construction are valid - it started up at 8am.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Jnster
<Content>Nice but really noisy Very pretty, feels like a 3* star hotel, although the rooms are small they are very nicely decorated.Location is hard to beat, but why is there no sign???The staff was helpful and happy to keep our bags in a safe place for the last night we spent in San Juan before taking a 2am flight.The main (and only) issue is the noise. On a saturday evening, even in a less noisy room with no window, the salsa music is really loud! And I'm used to the noisy environment of Manhattan. I guess it depends on what night you spent there, but saturday must definitely be the worst...  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Esi4
<Content>Cute N Noisy I stayed one night in San Juan on my way to Vieques. Da House Hotel was extremly cute and very clean. However, they were doing some painting and no one told me about this. I have horrible allergies and sinuses and I was sick with a headache the entire night. The club below had music going on very loud until after 1am. No sleep and then the construction workers were up and bamming before 8 am. Although the staff was nice some type of accomodations should have been made for those who have a full schedule. And there are no TV's in any of the rooms. So no way to drown out the noise. If you have no schedule and dont need much sleep it's a really nice place. I would probably not stay there again due to the noise.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	5	4	3	4	

<Author>MinnesotaHobo
<Content>Great Place, but must prepare... First I must thank previous reviewers for their reviews and Tripadvisor for the service.I stayed recently as I had a conference in San Juan at the Caribe Hilton. I didn't want to spend the extra dough on an overpriced hotel so I stayed at Da House. After reading the previous reviews, I was slightly nervous that I may not get the sleep required to be alert for activities throughout the day. So I brought my earplugs and my trusty Honeywell fan (that makes lots of noise) and I did fine. I could hear the bass of the music slightly from my fourth floor room. I was not by the alleyway and I consider that a plus, as I'm sure the insulation of windows wouldn't have helped at all. I had reserved a room on the 3rd floor for 5 nights and asked if I could be moved to the 4th floor and they upgraded my room at no cost. The A/C was cold, and the bed was comfortable. I had hot water at all times (except for the last morning when my shower was not running at all). There was not a lot of construction noise, but they were definitely present. The first morning after getting up I went to the rooftop patio and there were 5-6 workers up there!The service was great and the staff was kind and accomidating but it was slightly ameteur-ish. The vibe of the hotel was very cool, the art was nice, and the location was really hard to beat as it is right around the corner from some chic resturaunts (I recommend Dragonfly for fusion and Cafe de Puerto Rico for great, reasonably priced local cuisine), and shopping.The rooms were clean. Friends in town stayed at a hotel in Old SJ over $100/night more expensive and had roaches. But they do not clean the rooms daily, and I didn't as them to freshen it up.I'll definitely consider it again when I go back!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>chelska
<Content>Bad Name but Great, Affordable, and Unique Hotel Based upon the name of the hotel I was initially a bit hesitant - I'm sorry but Da House??? One would expect blaring reggaeton and drug dealers trolloping around the hotel...BUT after reading the reviews on this website I was intrigued and I booked the hotel for the same night (I live on the west side of Puerto Rico) online. I was very pleased with my experience - the hotel was small, boutique-like, beautifully decorated, artsy and unique - I loved it!!! It did remind of nice European hostels as it advertises...as for the complaints in other reviews - yea it could definitely use a sign - I only knew how to find it based upon its location above the cafe and the info provided in other peoples' reviews...as for the stairs - do you REALLY need an elevator with only four short, well lit and easily navigable flights of stairs? And to address the biggest complaint I found on others' reviews: the noise - was absolutely NOT a problem for me and my boyfriend - we did have a room without a window so this may have helped but even though there was some very muffled noise from the cafe below we had no difficulty sleeping at a reasonable hour...finally, the hotel still has not completed its tiki bar, whirlpool or gift shop as advertised but since it's a new hotel I'm sure they'll get on those projects soon...so in conclusion - gorgeous little hotel for those that want an artsy experience at a great location in the heart of Old San Juan - hopefully the rates will stay so reasonable - otherwise hurry up and stay there soon ;) !!!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>newyorker567
<Content>Chic Looks but noisy and disorganized The hotel itself is very chic looking however too many problems made for an uncomfortable stay. When we arrived they were still working on finishing up the rooms so lots of workmen, construction going on which was loud and dusty. You could tell that it would be beautiful when finished but they probably should not have had guests or at least fully disclosed the state of the property when we were booking and let us decide for ourselves. Checking in and out took 30 mins each as the person behind the front desk seemed to be a bit clueless. Also the front desk is not set up well as they have to go to the back office to swipe cards, check the computer etc...all time consuming. The salsa club downstairs is NOISY and goes on until 3am. I have stayed at Townhouse in Miami which also has a club but they offer little foam earplugs for the guests which Da House should consider. If you are undisturbed by noisy salsa or plan on staying out very late this place is great and a bargain. Otherwise I would probably opt for something slightly less chic but more comfortable/less noisy. The location is great and Old San Juan gorgeous but overall I would not reccomend.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	1	4	3	

<Author>tgs50
<Content>Noisy! The hotel would be a great place to stay if not for the noise. It's cheap for San Juan, with a great location, nice rooms and very friendly staff... But the noise from the cafe downstairs! We didn't go to bed early - we were out until 2 or 3 every night, but the music downstairs was blasting until at least 4 am. And it was so loud that even ear plugs didn't help!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jeannemac
<Content>Da House Hotel: My Trip Advisor homework paid off! I just spent the better part of a week in Old San Juan and stayed at Da House Hotel. For me, it was the perfect place: I didn鈥檛 want or expect a beach resort experience. The hotel presents a passionate work in progress and thus offers a fresh, young, enthusiastic atmosphere. Yes, the best music in town rocks its little alley into the wee hours of the morning. And yes, the staff is wonderful. Rooms in the restored old building are clean, comfortable and appointed with local contemporary art and smart furnishings. My nest on the top floor was worth the climb, and I am not the most trim-or-fit sixty-year-old. The location proved convenient to everything, including piers, great restaurants, ground transportation, and, of course, the charming streets of the old city. With little advance notice, the staff helped me join an expertly guided daytrip into El Junque rainforest for an eco-action tour. (From Emilio we got the wry insights and expertise of an ardent naturalist. He gave up a day of surfing to lead us to favorite vantage points and a waterfall for swimming. Magical!) I loved the whole week in Old San Juan and would recommend Da House to anyone who wants to find and enjoy the pulse of Pueto Rico's creative younger generations.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chgosfs
<Content>LOTS AND LOTS OF NOISE       Room 304  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>mielnativa
<Content>for sophisticated, chill travelers Staying at Da House is like going to New York in the summer on a budget and getting to stay at a friends鈥?empty, hip, beautiful, air-conditioned apartment in the heart of the village instead of at an ugly midtown hotel.It looks like a boutique hotel: the renovations to this historic Old San Juan building are impeccable, it鈥檚 sparsely furnished with antiques, art, and newer stuff and uses nice cotton linens鈥攂ut is run like a pension or a hostel. No weird pretense or attitude, just cool, real people staff it.You feel welcomed right into the community and culture of Old San Juan. We bought a bottle of wine from a nice wine list at the front desk and hung out on the fancy wooden lounge chairs on the roof patio for hours one night feeling the gorgeous Caribbean breezes and listening to the sounds of the old city die down. Another night we hung downstairs at the Nuyorican listening to a kickass local salsa band with a diverse crowd of people dancing and hanging out (with some serious local talent mixed in on the dance floor)鈥攁 really good vibe in there. Plus it was so awesome to know that we didn鈥檛 have to drive anywhere at the end of the night, just ascend the marble stairs and go to bed (the tile and marble floors and high plaster walls really hold the cool of the a/c). They told us places to go in PR that a big hotel wouldn鈥檛 have told us about besides tourist beaches... it was perfect for us, we couldn't have wished for anything that suited us better. For sophisticated, chill travelers, Da House is da place.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>philvirta
<Content>Da House - Clean place, a bit noisy   showReview(7226426, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>mollypants
<Content>Great Place, Will Stay Again   showReview(7203618, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dairodair
<Content>Great to be in Da House!   showReview(7199911, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	3	5	5	2	

<Author>bANDe
<Content>Good and Bad       stairway from the top  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	3	1	

<Author>brightlightsoldcity
<Content>Vibrant, Beautiful and Affordable   showReview(7179730, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TremontHenry
<Content>Lots of pros, one major con...   showReview(7162782, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>justanothertourista
<Content>Da Noisiest Place in all San Juan   showReview(7149025, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	2	-1	2	

<Author>Novatravelr
<Content>Discover Da House!   showReview(7148835, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kmatos
<Content>Cool hotel, great staff!   showReview(6842214, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Tessanne
<Content>Sympathique petit h么tel dans le vieux San Juan   showReview(18605047, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>NORAMexico
<Content>Excelente hotel       habitaciones  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Gustavo013
<Content>Excelente Hotel       Nuestro Cuarto Nov 04 07  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

