<Author>rackiec
<Content>pretty shoddy for a 4.5 star - not recommended Let me preface this by saying I got a super cheap deal through Hotwire which the reception desk seemed to resent and maybe the poor service was a result of this but then why put your hotels on hotwire???Location is fine - next to the Hilton - bike or trams - the rembrandstraat close by is ideal for breakfasts or snacks - also has a supermarket.so I arrived - all excited about a great weekend with friends. I had upgraded to the executive floor - based on the reviews below. Well first the guy couldn't find my booking, then no upgrade - he made me sit down while he checked with reservations - and then sorry no. So I said well do you have availability and he said 'yes' I mean - this was sheer fawlty towers! Then I went to the room - double bed - my fault I hadn't specifed - so I went downstairs and luckily they had a twin - I went back upstairs to be confronted by the lowrent version of the executive floor - no flat screen tv and no space - I gave up at this stage. My friend arrived and we had a beer at the bar - the barman asked my friend what type of men she liked in the first 5 minutes! Talk about in your face. Generally our room was not worth the upgrade - the service at the front desk thruout our stay was lousy - not enough staff or all of them helping one person, letting people push in etc etc I could go on but I think you have the idea!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>JT14
<Content>OK at half the price To put in context, my bill for 1 night with breakfast and a room service burger was 鈧?00. At that price, this is a very disappointing hotel.Plus side:- great neighborhood- smallish hotelNegatives:- breakfast was 鈧?0 with mediocre quality of food and staff who, when you could get their attention, seemed irritated to be asked for espresso rather than bad filter coffee- room service burger was 鈧?0 and was clearly very processed meat plus some soggy fries- check-out took nearly 15 minutes- rooms and public areas (apart from reception) are very tired- water pressure was almost too poor to have a shower over the bathAt very best, a 4* hotel. Would be OK at half the price.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>janneman10
<Content>just too expencive room is good, beds are very comfy, but it is not special when i think about it after paying almost 300 euro for one night, breakfast for two and parking at the hotel.parking is not a problem in the area by the way. this place of amsterdam is also nice and you feel safe outsidebut 230 euro just for a room is to muchi had an upgraded room, but i could here my neighbours talking to each other (there was a closed door between the rooms)also the jaccuzy is not special (save the money for this)breakfast is also expencive and not as good as i hoped formany times we had better breakfast ! we had a good time but next time i take another hotel and save some moneycity center is 20 minutes walking  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>inga07
<Content>ok, but not 5* The hotel was nice, but I would have expected more from a 5*. Have stayed in nice 4* ones. Towels and sheets were old, there was even a hole in the sheets! Carpets in halls and elevators were dirty. Otherwise nice lobby and good restaurant, friendly and helpful staff.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Cyberworld Toronto
<Content>A Great Business Hotel I have stayed at the property at least once a year for the past few years. The property continues to maintain its very strong businesslike atmosphere with a level of sophistication that I find appealing. The property is located in a few quite area of Amsterdam and very close to the Tram 5 or 24. It's a pleasant walk, especially with the change of the Fall leaves. I would recommend it anytime.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AtkinsonsinAmsterdam
<Content>We enjoyed our stay here. My five month old son, two dogs (can't leave dogs in the room if you're not there), husband, and I stayed in this hotel for almost two weeks while waiting our apartment to be ready. The porters were incredibly helpful, room service and staff at the bar were fabulous, the front desk was hit or miss. Some of the staff went above and beyond (found us daytime quarters for our dogs, gave us suggestions on where to eat/live/visit/etc). Some of the staff told us they were too busy to fax documents for us, turned their nose up at an unusual request, etc. We figured out quickly who to ask for help and stayed away from the other staff. Housekeeping was fabulous--always had a green apple and turn down ready for us at 7PM. Everything was a little expensive but the room service was yummy, the service was pleasant, and it was located in a lovely neighborhood. The only downside (which for my needs was a very large downside) was that the internet was down for quite a few days and when it came back up, we had a very slow poor connection.I would highly recommend this hotel to any businessperson.In response to those saying the rooms weren't very large--I found them to be quite large. We came with 10 bags and a ton of baby gear but still had quite a bit of room left for ourselves!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>nspayne
<Content>Not 5* but still nice       bath  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>pgreenld
<Content>Disappointed --- Not a 5-star hotel at all The Bilderberg Garden Hotel is located in a lovely neighborhood to the south of central Amsterdam, within a 10 minute walk of the Van Gogh Museum and the Rijksmuseum. It is a pleasant location with lots of greenery, set among beautiful houses, lovely shops nearby, and canals to explore. The hotel鈥檚 brochures and website information describe the area of the hotel quite accurately. However, it is over-rated as a 5-star hotel and over-priced. Most of the rooms look like a typical 3-star hotel would look in the US with similarly modest furnishings. The room we stayed in was rather worn-out and needed updating, carpet-cleaning, etc. Staff at the desk were polite but not well-informed and not especially helpful. There is a rather spartan 鈥淏usiness Center鈥?consisting of 2 computers and a printer in the hallway of the lower level of the hotel. There is no Fitness Center or pool. Several guidebooks described this hotel as a top-level hotel with beautiful furnishings, etc. Maybe this is true of selected rooms, but it seems that most rooms are not like this at all. Beware 鈥?guidebooks say that rooms have Jacuzzis. This is not the case for the average room here. One guidebook called the Lobby 鈥渟pectacular.鈥?We thought it was rather small and darkly lit --- not very inviting at all. We felt ripped off by the high prices of this place and left after 2 nights to move to a real 5-star hotel in the center of Amsterdam. We are not sure why the guidebooks have gone so far wrong on this place. Unless you stay in the very top-level rooms, you will not find this to be a 5-star hotel. If you want a quiet and pleasant suburban location, walking distance to the big museums, and a rather unspectacular and somewhat over-priced hotel, this is it.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	2	3	3	3	

<Author>UKIPElectionman
<Content>A hotel? Or an office block? If you're looking for somewhere which LOOKS swanky from the exterior, then this is not the hotel for you.Located 10 minutes taxi ride from the centre of the city, the BiIderberg Garden Hotel looks like an office block from the outside. But to be fair, this is perhaps the harshest criticism to be levelled at this hotel. Although it can feel slightly claustrophic due to it's low ceilings, it does in fact have attentive staff, and a better than average restaurant. The rooms look a little tired, but all in all, this is a good hotel if you want to stay somewhere slightly quieter in this city.It's a just a shame it doesn't look like a hotel, but more like an office.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Lucy321
<Content>what a pleasant surprise We stayed in an executive room on the third floor which was very large for Europe and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. Our stay was for a Sunday night only with a late Monday checkout. The restaurant was closed so ate in the bar/lounge from their limited menu and we enjoyed our meal. This hotel is not located in the tourist centre which we found a blessing as it's situated in a quiet, pleasant neighbourhood. It is about a 30 min walk or a short tram ride into the busy, noisy part of town. We walked in to town both days and trammed it home once. Each day, on arrival back to the hotel, we felt we'd arrived back to the sane part of town! Reception staff very helpful and friendly staff in bar/lounge area.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>anawhatatraveller
<Content>Standards have slipped I have stayed at the Bilderberg Garden Hotel for several years now while visiting Amsterdam on business. I find the location is great - a nice neighbourhood if you want to be a little out of the centre but close to classical music, museums and nice shops. Unfortunately I really noticed a slip in standards during my last visit. My room had no working air conditioning and was positioned next to the lift well - very noisy. While I was moved it was only after considerable effort on my part and with little evidence of the friendly and helpful service I have experienced in the past. I have to say also that the renovations that have been undertaken seem like a bit of a step backwards from what used to be offered.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>alj21
<Content>very nice hotel and within walking distance to the city centre We stayed at this hotel im May and booked one of the executive suits. on first arriving in the room we were perhaps a little disapointed as the picture of the rooms were entirely different from that on the internet. obviously we are aware that picutre often dont depict the exact rooms, but it was very different. however. on closer inspection of the room we realised that it was very nice. the bed was amazing, huge and very comfy, and the room had all necessary ammenities. the jacuzzi bath was big for a bath, but unfortunately when we got there it didnt work. the manageress came to fix it which we thought was a bit odd, but it seemed to work. that night when using the bath one of the pipes must have come loose again and the jacuzzi stopped working, it was late so we didnt complain, but the following morning we wanted to make sure it would be working for that evening. the staff were fairly helpfull and the jaccuzi was fixed that night. all in all the room was very nice, but a few minor hiccups. most people who have reviewed the hotel said it was quite far out, but we found that to be a blessing. it was still within walkable distance (about 20 - 30 mins) and it was nice to see this part of amsterdam. if we had been staying in the city we would not have got to have seen all the gorgeous building surrounding the hotel. trams were also very convienient if you didnt want to walkoverall i think this is a very nice hotel. if you have already looked at the pictures on the internet of the executive suites then you may be disapointed but the staff are helpfull, and location is ideal to be able to get away from the hustle and bustle.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>SND138
<Content>Solid, more for business Stayed there by accident, as I booked at the Bilderberg's other Amsterdam property (better location), but, because I am an idiot, I mistakenly booked starting the day before and they had given up our room. Completely my mistake and they quickly found us a room at the Garden and paid for a cab to get us there...I stayed on the Executive Level (third floor - room 1403) which had its own elevator and everything, so I'm not sure if my perception applies to all rooms...Room was solid and, by European standards, pretty sizable. Comfortable bed and very clean and well-appointed..Staff was helpful enough...Two minor complaints... The breakfast is outrageously overpriced - 21 Euros for what many hotels offer for free... Then, the location was pretty poor for anything to do with the city center. We rented bikes and were fine, and I appreciated being so close to Vondelpark, but if you're on vacation I'd look for the other Bilderberg location...  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Bukwaas
<Content>Far from the core, but lovely safe area! You can always take the trams to the core. Very safe area to roam around. A bit isolated (as you're literally in the 'suburbs'), though. Fantastic breakfast buffet, one of the best on our entire 3 week European trip.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Paulklib
<Content>Business only I stay frequently at this hotel, not by enthusiasm but because it is the one selected by my company.Lobby/lounge area is fine; too short menu at the bar, but food is decent. Very kind reception staff.Once you move to the rooms, it becomes another story.Rooms are tiny except executive rooms; doors are of the noisy slam type, and sound insulation is poor. Sometimes they seem to have some difficulty starting breakfast service at 7 am.As a whole, definitively not up to the claimed 5 stars, but a correct business hotel if you need be in this area.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	4	-1	2	

<Author>VLA84
<Content>Simply Wonderful My partner and I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights at the end of January 2008 and it was simply fantastic. Other reviews have commented on how this hotel is slightly outside the main city centre but to my mind this is not a bad thing.1. It is only 15-20 minute walk into the centre of town and it's a wonderful way to explore the city and escape the traditional tourist path.2. The trams in Amsterdam are v. easy to use and reliable and it is only a 10 minute ride into the centre.3. If you want to get a taxi back after an evening out it is only about $12.We booked one of the excutive suites on the top floor which are spacious and well appointed with a jacuzzi.Lastly the staff could not do enough for you; always going that extra mile. We will definatley be returning.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>apexe
<Content>Great Food. The exterior of the hotel is unimpressive. The location is pretty out of the way. However the staff are very helpful the interior is excellent and the rooms are very cosy and well appointed, perhaps a little dated.The food including the room service are excellent its a great place to lock yourself away and indulge.Taxis aren't cheap in Amsterdam but it does have excellent public transport. The location is more residential/urban and would require either a commitment financially to taxis or a perpensity for walking.All this shrivels into insignificance once you sample the food!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	5	5	4	

<Author>treehug
<Content>Modern hotel in tranquil area off the beaten track We stayed here for New Year and paid extortionate rates as we went last minute. 320 Euros a night... having said that the hotel was lovely, but nothing spectacular. It is a modern 70's building opposite the Hilton, in a residential area filled with beautiful Amsterdam School influenced houses. We found it easy to get a tram 5 or 24 into Leidesplein, and you are a 10 minute walk to the park and Museumplein. I have never stayed in this part of Amsterdam before and was really surprised. It is tranquil, green and has some lovely shops and bakeries a few streets walk. Hire a bike from the hotel and explore the area - Do not get ripped off with the taxis though - we paid 25 Euros to get there from CS and it should be nearer 10!! The hotel itself is comfortable, not overly luxurious though. The emphasis is on understated design, and tones are all browns and greys. The staff were welcoming and helpful - and the breakfast staff were always cheery - which was great with a hangover.We stayed in an executive double on the third floor (1406). You get an exclusive lift and the room had a large semi circular floor to ceiling window overlooking a main road. I imagine in non holiday times this would be noisy, but the light in the room was pleasant. The bed was huge and very comfortable, and there was plenty of storage and extra seating. The bathroom, although large and marble designed lacked the wow factor - the jacuzzi bath was tired and the shower was in the wrong place - plus the water pressure, presumably from high occupancy was a bit iffy too. Breakfast wasn't included in the room charge and is 21 Euros, or if you order it when you check in, 15 Euros. I grumbled a bit, but the breakfast is fabulous and worth the money. Better than any spread I have seen since the Westin in Rotterdam.I don't have any complaints that would deter me from recommending this hotel - at the right price. It doesn't feel like a 5 star though- the opulence isn't evident, and there were niggling charges - 10 Euros to use the WiFi which should be free.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>TonyDean
<Content>Fantastic Hotel a Little Far Out The staff at this hotel are amazing, the rooms are a step above the average, and the property well maintained. Need an umbrella? The front desk has those. There's no need to pack one. Need directions? Just ask at the desk, they know the way. Want something to eat? There are plenty of great local restaurants a short tram ride away. The neighborhood is completely 100% safe and quiet. The hotel is a short 2.5 blocks from the Apollolan tram stop. Cabs seem to be always at the ready during normal hours.... Also - kudos to the housekeeping staff. We were very late in leaving our room on some days and the staff always had the room ready when we returned. Turn down service was prompt and efficient. The rooms were spotless.This is the type of property to book if you don't want to stay in the loud and rowdy downtown area. I honestly don't know how anyone gets any sleep in some of the properties downtown. That isn't a problem here. The proximity to the Apollolan tram stop means you can be at the museum district in 5 minutes after boarding a tram, downtown in 10 minutes. Remember that trams stop running at 12:30 at night, so budget a 20 Euro Cab Ride and you'll make it back fine. Tell the cabbie Apollolan Tram Stop and they'll get you there. Finally, if flying out early in the morning inform the front desk and they'll have a cab for you. The price is $33 euros to be taken directly to the airport - a bargain when you're in a rush. Plan to leave for the airport 2-2.5 hours before your flight. It's a 15 minute drive. As for the room decor - somewhat chic. The pillows were too soft and large for my taste, but very nice nonetheless. Also, if you want two beds you might need to rearrange the furniture as the room we stayed in had two twins that were pushed together to make a king. We moved the nightstand, seperated the beds by putting a nightstand between them, and everything worked out. I am certain the hotel would have done so if we had asked. This was one instance where it was easier to do it ourself and much faster than calling for assistance. I do this often in foreign countries and it seems to work fine everytime.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	5	1	

<Author>ramblingman77
<Content>great hotel       another shot  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>happytraveler1204
<Content>Clean, comfortable and nice I stayed at the Bilderberg Garden Hotel for 4 nights on business. Overall, it was very clean and comfortable. The decor was modern and the furnishings seemed pretty new. I'm a stickler for cleanliness and felt good about this place. It was a very functional hotel for the business traveler. The staff was nice and helpful enough when I had questions or concerns. For example, my room was a bit chilly and they made sure to have a portable heater set up in my room by the time I returned in the evening. The hotel is located in a quieter part of the city so it may not be as convenient for the tourist looking to stay in the heart of amsterdam...however, it is close to some good museums and it's maybe a 10-15 minute tram ride to the city center. I would definitely recommend this hotel for a comfortable, pleasant stay.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>PasadenaTraveler58
<Content>Not a five-star hotel; think transitional business hotel The hotel is beautifully located adjacent to the Museum District and in a very tasteful residential neighborhood. However, this is not the five-star hotel they claim. We had numerous problems booking with two children; they did not understand how to place us. We ended up with two adjoining rooms. Furnishings were old and generic -- nothing indicated we were in Amsterdam and not a soulless business hotel in the US some 20 years ago. The second bedroom with the children had no window that could open to bring in fresh air and inadequate ventilation for three out of the four nights we stayed there. They did not correct it until the weekend ended on Monday. Then they claimed it was about air temperature and they could not understand the concept of ventilation. We had a long polite conversation with the general manager that has changed my mind about international traveling -- next time we will be the loud obnoxious Americans demanding to receive services that we paid for. I just don't think they got the concept of five-star. For example, the toiletries did not offer hair conditioner. We mentioned this to the hotel but they said five-star hotels don't offer hair conditioner. This is untrue as most travelers have a stash in their bathrooms at home from hotels in Europe and the U. S. which offer hair conditioner. The general manager kept us waiting 15 minutes before he permitted us to talk to him. We had to threaten to leave before he showed up and then there was no apology. I'm sure he already has a new position.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	5	3	

<Author>toots68
<Content>fanstastic stay We were lucky enough to stay 3 nights in this wonderful hotel in August. It was a little further out of the centre than we expected but in easy reach of tram stops in 2 directions, one of which was over a bridge and a lovely 5 minute stroll alongside a beautiful canal lined with extremely grand houses (where I would love to live if lucky enough to win the lottery and buy property in Amsterdam). The distance in some ways was a good thing, you could get away from the bustle of the centre and see a part of Amsterdam you would never visit, a small village type area was a few minutes away with lovely shops and busy restaurants full of Amsterdams rich people, also an organic deli (Van Dams)and some wonderful shops for window shopping or maxing out the credit card.Check in was fast efficient and friendly and we upgraded to a room on the executive floor for 30 extra euros a night, we were extremely pleased with our room which had a huge bed with heaps of quality cushions and crisp linen which was changed daily and if you were out in the evening the bed was remade, pillows fluffed and a crisp green apple left on a black napkin next to each side of the bed. The jaquzzi bath was most welcome after a day of sight seeing and the option of a power shower to freshen up too. We had a wonderful bay window with tub chairs overlooking amazing rooftops of probably one of the most expensive areas in Amsterdam.Breakfast was great, so much choice given, and we were lucky enough to have this included in the room price when booking with thomson. We ate enough to skip lunch !Reception were so helpful and well informed, we got our Van Gogh tickets straight from them and it allowed us to skip a hugh queue at the museum leaving many poor people behind us standing in the rain, would definately recommend getting pre paid tickets. You can also borrow lovely umbrellas from reception if you are unlucky enough to have rain.My only quibble would be the fact we had no opening windows, air conditioning which you could adjust was great, but after a few days I just felt the need for 'real' fresh airAll in all a wonderful stay in a fabulous hotel, which feels luxurious and relaxed without being at all stuffy.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>David_Rolon
<Content>Excellent In Every Way While planning a two week trip to Spain, I kept coming across the best airfare deals connecting through Amsterdam. Having never been to Ams. before, we thought we might take advantage of the cheap airfare and add a few extra days to our trip and visit there. After completing our airfare purchase, we went on Hotwire to find a hotel. As we all know, Hotwire doesn't display the Hotel name until after you complete your purchase, so there's always that element of a crapshoot as you push the go button. Went ahead with the purchase, which was in the $150/night range. Sure enough, up came the confirmation that we were booked in the Bilderberg Garden. I immediately came to Trip Advisor to see what I had gotten myself into. After reading a few negative reviews regarding the location, I thought the hotel was located in Timbuktu and that I had made a big mistake. Let me set you straight. Unless you are a college student or twenty-something looking for endless partying, why would you want to stay in the middle of a busy street with thousands of tourists streaming by night and day. The Bilderberg Garden is located in one of the most posh neighborhoods on Earth. The homes along the 2 block stretch (all 8 of them) to the tram station are some of the most amazing homes I've ever seen. Talk about elegant. There are two tram stations, each about 5 minutes walk away and it's two stops to the museum district, another two or three to leidseplein, a few more to Dam Square and a few more to Centraal Station. All told you can get wherever you want to go in 20 minutes or less, with plenty of interesting things to view along the way. The Hilton hotel is across the street and there is the Best Western Delphi down the block and at least one other small boutique hotel on the same block. I honestly feel the location is one of the major plusses of this hotel. It's safe and quiet at night, easy to get to and from and quite elegant in a understated, European way. Every inch of the hotel is absolutely spotless. The rooms are beautiful and the bathrooms are all marble with high-tech European fixtures. The staff was extremely helpful and took as much time as needed to help us with directions, recommendations and answers to our many questions. We were made to feel welcomed and everyone went out of their way to make sure all of our needs were met. Many of the positive attributes stated here are consistent with Amsterdam in general, such as safety and cleanliness, however, we could not find a single thing wrong with this hotel. It's sad how a few bad reviews can really cause a person to look elsewhere, but we feel lucky that we had an opportunity to stay in such a well-run establishment and would most definitely do so again.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Love2Travel50
<Content>Good but with exceptions Booked over Expedia and expected the executive room as per the picture, but got a deluxe style room on the executive floor, so felt this was misleading. However, for the price per night, the accomodation was great and the hotel is near a tramline so no problem getting around, despite being out of the city centre. We were supposed to have a non-smoking room, and when we got there it stank of smoke, despite the receptionist assuring us it was a non-smoking room. Also had extra stuff added to the bill, but it was removed without question when I queried it. Staff all very polite and helpful and the rooms were clean, with a turndown service and apples placed in the room each evening - but the quality of the toiletries was a very big disappointment, would expect better from a 5 star hotel. Overall, happy because of the low price.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>duttzi
<Content>Nice, but a bit far from city centre... A nice hotel, but a bit far from the city centre (but not a big problem because of the easy tram connection). The room we got was right next to the lobby entrance and there was some noise because of this. Good beds and nice room. All in all a nice hotel, but overrated (5 stars?).  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>SBeg
<Content>Good experience at the Bilderberg Garden Stayed 3 nights - originally booked here as the hotel had A/C, althought with the chilly weather we never needed it. The hotel is a bit further out (about a 15 minute tram ride into main part of town) but in a very nice area. There are some restaurants nearby (except Sunday morning almost everything was closed) The room was very nice and spacious, the linens very nice quality, and I thought the bathroom spacious and new. The people at front desk were efficient and pleasant -- however when we asked at front desk to purchase a pass for the trams (something their room manual says they can do) we were told they were out of them with no other explanation or offer - i.e. we can get some by the next day,etc). After three nights here we wanted to get a little bit closer to town, and would have stayed at the bilderberg vondel but by then it was all booked up, so we moved to another hotel (hotel vondel) . I did book our Bilderberg room via the hotel's website - after a couple of weeks I went back on the site, and noticed the rates had gone down -- I contacted the hotel and they honored the lower rate, so it is a good idea to keep checking the site especially if you are staying there over a weekend, as I think the bulk of their business is business travelers and it is more crowded during the week. A good place to stay if you don't mind hopping on the tram and riding into town to get most places (or you could also rent a bike downtown for the week and just lock it up at the hotel - it would probably only be a 20 minute bike ride to center of Amsterdam)You definitely get more room for your money being away from town. If you are a tourist you probably wouldn't want to stay here in the winter, as I think waiting for trams in the cold wouldn't be very pleasant, however in the spring/summer it is a nice alternative.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Vic
<Content>Great Bilderberg We stayed in the Bilderberg Garden Hotel for three nights in September and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The hotel is not near the centre of Amsterdam but this suited us just fine. We were looking for a quiet getaway after a hectic few weeks.The hotel is a big brick building and very out of place in the very stylish surrounding area. However the inside is modern and stylish. We had an exectuive room which was clean, well kept and add all the extra ammenities you expect from a good hotel.It is only a 10 minute walk to the museum area of Amsterdam and there are lots of lovely restaurants on the way there. The Solo restaurant was just gorgeous.We only used public transport on our journey back to Schipol the rest of the time we walked everywhere as the weather was so gorgeous. We walked to the Anne Frank house, Dam Square and the Red Light district amongst other places.If you are looking for to be in the centre of the Amsterdam then this wont be the place for you but if you want a well run hotel in a quiet location, then the Bilderberg will be perfect.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Tendons
<Content>Better than the reviews suggest My wife and I booked a last minute deal to this hotel, and had a great time. The hotel is located next to the Hilton, in a quiet residential area that's about 20 minutes from the centre of town by tram. That was a bit of a surprise initially, but having said that, the area is absolutely wonderful. The local cafes are great, everyone is very friendly, and the atmosphere is much more relaxing than the centre of town. You can also walk to Vondelpark, and there are loads of posh shops if you want to spend some serious cash.The hotel does look like a concrete box from the outside, and is quite incongruous considering the architecture in the vicinity. Its internal design is very contemporary, and the staff were extremely helpful. Our room wasn't available on arrival, so we were given a free upgrade to a suite for the night (a nice touch of luxury!). Our executive room was very typical of executive rooms everywhere - standard room size with upgrades like a spa bath, tv, internet, etc. I couldn't fault it.We didn't take breakfast, but dinner was delicious and again the staff were very attentive.Having travelled extensively, I've come to the conclusion that a good 5 star hotel might have the occasional problem, but the attitude of the staff to these problems defines its star rating. I think the Bilderberg definitely deserves its 5 stars.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lou78
<Content>Don't do it! I always leave reviews as my husband and I travel a lot and I always use trip advisor to help me make my decisions on where we should stay. This time as we were planning on staying in Holland for a week travelling from one city to another starting with 3 nights in Amsterdam. We decided the cost was important and while we needed to read up on the reviews we also need a good deal otherwise our week away would get very costly very quickly. Big mistake I would rather have paid another 拢75 a night than have saved money to stay here and this is why:- Very remote location in a posh suburban area. We knew it was a bit out of town but did not realise it would be a 20 鈥?25 min tram ride from the centre. The hotel itself looks like a 1960鈥檚 concrete multi storey car park from the outside but I was kind of expecting it to look a bit grim after reading reviews on here. Our first sight as we turned the corner was of a huge group on staff on a fag break 鈥?nice! Check in took 25 mins. There was no one else in the queue the girl just kept being interrupted and tried to give us a smoking room, it then took her ages to find a non smoking room. We finally got our room card key and found our room on the first floor. It was dark, so dark you had to switch the lights on to see. I am all for a bit of green but the trees outside out window completely obscured any natural light. As we were there for 3 nights we decided to ask to change rooms. Room number two was better but the road was quite loud and the window did not shut. Not just slightly open it was open quite a way it was clearly broken and would not shut. By now 1 hr and 15 min had passed and we were a bit annoyed. We were then told there were no other non smoking rooms other than an upgrade to an Executive room BUT we could only have it for one night and then we would have to move 鈥?again! By now we were really tired and just wanted to get on with our holiday and agreed. The Executive room was hardly executive the room was basically the same as a standard room (ours was in fact smaller than the previous two rooms); the same bath only with a jacuzzi setting and better quality bed linen! However the room was an improvement on the last two as it had replacement windows that opened and closed and it was not dark. The next morning after a very average breakfast (hair in your fruit salad anyone?) we went to the desk to ask if we could stay in our room as we really did not think it was fair to move us again! An hour later we were told after much debate that no we could not stay there and we had the choice of one of two rooms that we had to wait until after 11am to see. More wasted time of our precious holiday. We chose the room, were told our stuff would be moved and went out for our day (just before lunch!) On retuning to our new room we were gob smacked to find that the room was full of cigarette smoke and I am not joking you could see it in the air! Where was it coming from? The air conditioning unit of course! After another 45 mins we were moved to another room that luckily for us did not stink of smoke. The manager said she did not know why the room was full of smoke and would have to get it seen to as other guests were checking in shortly (luckily them!) We were offered a free drink for having to change rooms 5 times which we felt was the least they could do. You go on holiday to relax and make the most of your time and we wasted hours trying to deal with very incompetent staff to find a room that was not full of smoke, really dark and had a window that shut (surely not to much to ask from a 5 star (hilarious!) hotel. On our last morning after another delicious breakfast! we came back to our room to pack to find smoke pouring out of the air con unit! We were dumbfounded and just packed as quickly as we could and left. We were asked if we had enjoyed our stay during check out and I couldn鈥檛 speak as I did not know what to stay. We love Amsterdam, we had wonderful weather, we fell in love all over again with the parks, canals, friendly people, laid back attitude and the great museums but the Bilderberg Garden was a horrific experience that will never be repeated and I would urge others to think again before booking this hotel. The hotel has had a very cheap makeover and has lots of issues that need addressing. Whoever gave this hotel 5 stars from the tourist board was having a very off day indeed! We stayed at the Radisson in Amsterdam on Rusland during our last visit which was amazing. Yes it cost more but it was worth it and it is where we will be staying next time we go to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	1	1	3	

<Author>DrillCat
<Content>Sufficient Well, I booked this hotel after reading all the reviews here. The first leg of my family's18 day trip to europe was in Amsterdam (We stayed at Rokin APT) and this was our last leg of our travel before returing home.I have sorta mixed feel about this hotel.I booked 2 rooms adjoining together since we were a family of 4. My wife, 2 young boys and I.The service was fast, efficient and great. They didn't have any problem with early check ins and tried to accommodate whatever we' had needed upon check in.However, I thought the place was a bit odd to derserve 5 star ratings. The rooms were richly decorated and were modern enough. However, the building itself didn't have the normal 5 star hotel feel to it. It was more like a semi luxury country inn with 4 star rating.There aren't anything around the hotel since it's located in a very nice residential neighborhood. The tram stop was a good 15 minute walk. It took us about 20 minutes to the main part of the town. I saw a Maybach(a $300,000 mecedes) parked in one of the houses near the hotel.If you do not mind being away from the happening places, go right ahead since it will be cheaper and cleaner, but if you want some action till late night, go stay near the dam square.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>cityssliker
<Content>Fantastic Bilderberg We have just returned from a 4 day break at the Bilderberg, and our experience matches the positive views on here. What a wonderful hotel. It is in a perfect location, 10 mins tram ride outside the centre of Amsterdam, which meant we had the best of both worlds. An oasis of calm after hectic sight seeing.The area is the most affulent in Amsterdam, I believe, and it certainly had an air of tranquility. The staff in particular are helpful and friendly...and extremely competent! The staff in the resturant knowledgable and efficient,they moved around quietly and professionally. The resturant food was superb, both breakfast and dinner. After eating there on Sat we wanted to return on the Sunday, but it was closed, unfortunately. We decided to try the resturant at the Hilton over the road, and frankly when it came to the professionalism of the staff, it just didn't compare.We had an executive room which was spacious, with a jaccuzi bath and our linen and towels were changed daily.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a relaxing, romantic break in this city. My surprise is this hotel only comes in at no 42!! Maybe its an undiscovered haven.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ramb!er
<Content>Great hotel - perfect location What a great hotel. The location was perfect being a 20 mins walk away from the main square, situated in a leafy and quiet neighbourhood. Checking in at the hotel was quick and painless, we had booked our room through lastminute.com and just had to pay an extra charge for the city tax. We drove over and they also sorted out the parking fee so we could then drop our bags off and get straight out and tour the town.The room was clean and comfortable and the beds were perfect. Its a shame we were only there for 1 night, but we will be going back.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MaximillianAmsterdam
<Content>Good location, nice hotel The Bilderberg Garden hotel is a nice cosy hotel in one of the best parts of Amsterdam; Oud-Zuid.Check-in is fine, staff is friendly and gives you the correct information about things to do, public transportation etc.The rooms are large and nice decorated, they are extremely clean and offer good climatcontrol.The rooms are equipt with a average bed, two chairs and a working desk. The lightening in the rooms is very good.The bathroom is average but offers sometimes a whirpooll which is of course very very nice!The food from the roomservice is fresh and ok.Big plus is the location, not in the absolute citycenter but located in a very green and friendly part of Amsterdam.A tramline, (line 5) at 3 minutes walking offers you a direct connection to the Leidseplein, Van Goghmuseum and Citycenter in less then 10 minutes.Overall; nice and great place to stay with reasonable pricing, you're absolutely not feeling ripped off.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>Lucan16
<Content>Friendly staff, good resuraunt, nice room I liked this hotel. It was not in the centre but it was very easy to get a tram, taxi or walk to the town. Being a little way out mean't we saw other areas on the way in, it was never a problem and the hotel is situated in a nice, quite residential area.The staff were very helpful, checked if our room was ready even though we were early, allowed us to check in early, responded to any request and provided us with local information and a map.The room was comfortable and clean and the apples left by the bed is a nice touch. Everyone speaks English without any sign of it being an annoyance.The food in the resturaunt was the best I've had for years although the service was a little slow.Breakfast is expensive but very nice.I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>wannago
<Content>Nice location, comfortable hotel We had a very enjoyable 2 night stay here - slightly marred by the slow check in process and the way they nickle  dime you for every service. We arrived too early to check in, but they very obligingly stored our luggage and gave us a map with some helpful advice and a loaner umbrella. I completed (I thought) the check in paperwork and we went exploring. When we returned to offically check in the deck clerk was overwhelmed - it took 30 minutes for her to finish processing our check in, and still one of the room keys did not work. Seriously, she answered the phone 7 times while waiting on me. I almost went Russel Crowe and ripped it out of her hands.That done, the room was very nice; quiet and very comfortable. The air conditioning was adequate, but a little warm even on the coldest setting. Bathroom was good size and the toiletries were Crabtree  Evelyn, generously replenished each day. I had pre ordered the fruit plate for us - BIG MISTAKE. It amounted to 2 apples and a dull knife. They have apples at all the elevater landings and lobby for free. Then there is a charge for connecting to the internet daily or hourly - if you use their business center there is a charge by the minute and charge per page for printing. I've not run into that before, and since it is handy to print boarding passes, I was peeved.We loved the location, pretty boulevard and easy walk to beautiful Vondell park. The museums were an easy walk, as was the buss.We did not use the hotel dining room, the menu did not appeal to us, but we had an excellant although expensive dinner at the Hilton next door.I would recommend this hotel and the lovely location, just be forewarned if you need internet access, and don't buy their extras.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	3	1	

<Author>kestral31
<Content>A complete waste of time!!!! What a nightmare. Do not go there if you are planning surprises or that you do not want the embarressment of having your card declined!! Even though you had already paid we had to pay twice!! and still the funds have not been released back into my bank!! Staff accused us of basically stealing our bar drinks! and all this infront of other clients! We also had ran out of coffee, yeah the 2 sachets they left, for 2 people!!! so we asked at reception and it took so long, by the time they had delivered it, i had fallen asleep and my husband stayed awake. This is not a weekend away that i want to repeat. If you do intend to stay at this hotel only stay for business and not romantic visits!! Good luck!!!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	1	4	1	2	2	

<Author>NancyWHouston_Texas
<Content>Wonderful stay! We chose the Bilderberg Garden Hotel because of favorable reviews, and we were delighted to find the hotel just as described, with very clean, modern rooms and baths. We opened our windows to the brisk evening breezes and slept like babies on comfy beds fitted with crisp white linens. The location, in a lovely, quiet neighborhood of wide, tree-lined streets with easy access to Amsterdam's excellent tram system, is terrific. The youthful, good-looking staff could not have been more professional or more helpful. Don't miss the on-site restaurant -- the food is fresh, inventive, and delicious, and the wait staff is friendly and solicitous.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ShariWestSussex
<Content>A perfect stay ! We stayed here for three nights at the end of May.The hotel is on the outskirts of Amsterdam in a quiet leafy street (adjacent to the Hilton).The room was large and was decorated in classic neutral colours.There was no chest of drawers but one was brought to us within ten minutes of asking ,along with extra hangers.If you like to use a powerful hairdryer then bring your own.They have a turn down service in the evening where they leave an apple on the bedside.Tea and coffee makeing facilities are provided although there is only powdered coffee creamer.The safe is large enough to take a lap top and wi fi is available in the rooms.There are also two computers in the basement for guest use.Everywhere is spotless.We had a meal in the restaurant and although expensive 88 euros (no wine three courses ) the food and service were excellent.It is the staff that make this Hotel so exceptional as at all levels they are friendly, helpful and courteous.They will recommend places to go, arrange tickets etc There was a charge on our bill for doing this but it was quickly removed.Get the hotel shuttle from the airport (buy the tickets from the connexxions desk in the arrivals lounge 19 euros return)These are 8 seater minibuses and take only 15 to 20 minutes to the hotel.Go left out of the hotel and then right over the bridge and this brings you to an area for shops, newspapers, cafes restaurants and a superbly stocked organic supermarket.Broms the hardware store sells tram ticket strips (15 for 6.80, most trips use two strips).Van Dams is great for Breakfast 3.00 for a large bowl of fresh fruit, yogourt and granola 5.50 for a bagel with salmon and cream cheese.Everything is fresh.La Joffiers across the road is more expensive and not such good quality.Palma is an authentic Italian restaurant (no pizzas) which is first class.this is a lovely area for a relaxed holiday and the centre of Amsterdam is only 10 minutes away( catch the number 2 from the stop just past Van Dams or turn left out of the hotel go to the end of the road turn right and catch the 5 or 24 at the Appollaan stop)  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dsmith2837
<Content>Wonderful Hotel What a simply wonderful hotel in Amsterdam. The rooms are very modern, very clean and very roomy.A two block walk takes you to the tram and then you are just a few stops away from anywhere in the City. However, what sets this hotel apart from its peers is the staff. To a person, they were all very warm, friendly and extremely helpful. They anticipated every need and answered our typical tourist questions with great skill and very high customer service.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Western View
<Content>Very nice Hotel This hotel is located in South Amsterdam, across the street from the Hilton. It is in a wonderful neighborhood with excellent wine shops, bakeries, florists, restaurants and other shops. Although it is a 15-20 minute walk to the museums, it is through Vondel Park...wonderful park to walk each morning. If you prefer to stay in a great neighborhood, away from the noise and congestion....this is the place for you. The rooms were good value and contemporary. The staff was exceptional...they did everything they could to help with directions, rental cars, advise, etc. The breakfast buffet was good. Not as good as say the The Pulitzer...but good. I would stay here again.  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>EnjoyTravelCanada
<Content>Our Overnight in Amsterdam The rooms at the Bilderberg Garden are large, very clean and modern. The bathroom and tub were great. The beds are very comfortable and we slept well except for a little late night noise on the street and in the ajoining room. It was disapointing to have to wait until 2PM for the room to be ready as we had to leave the cruise ship at 10 AM. The hotel information says that they have 24hour room service and when we checked in the receptionist said we could order an early breakfast from room service. We followed instructions to hang our request on the door nob but next morning were told that they would have no food until after 6:30 AM. Since the taxi to the airport was picking us up at 5 AM for our early morning flight we missed out on the breakfast so don't could on their 24 hour room service for food. It was a quick ride to the airport by taxi from the hotel so the location was good for us as we had that early flight. There is a street car stop not far from the hotel and the street cars were a good way to get around to various parts of the city. I did walk from the hotel to Dam Square the first time and estimate it to be about 6 km with interesting sites along the way but after that I used the street cars.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hobbes2172
<Content>Loved the Bilderberg! I stayed at this hotel during a weekend getaway in Amsterdam and absolutely loved it.The service at the hotel was fantastic. They had made a mistake with our original reservation and we were upgraded to a superior room. The room was spacious with a large window overlooking the street.The hotel itself has a very 1970s feel from the outside, but it is clean and fresh on the interior.The bathroom was large with an excellent shower and tub. The bed was huge and comfy.The hotel staff were very helpful at all times during our visit. The hotel is ideally located away from the bustle of the main drag but not too far to be inconvenient. The hotel is located less than a five minute walk to the tram (#5 or #24) which takes you into the centre of town. Loved it! Definitely would recommend it to anybody.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pinkgin34
<Content>great hotel my husband and I stayed for 3 nights. the hotel is lovely and clean. our room was fab, the bathroom squeaky clean. staff were really helpful and friendly. buy your tickets for van gogh museum at the hotel to avoid queues, same price and you walk straight in. just found out you can buy the anne frank tickets online and go straight in. the queues are really long all day, waiting 2 hours plus !!!!! the area by the hotel is beautiful, only 10 min walk to museum quarter. great restaurant nearby, turn left out of hotel doors and right, over bridge straight down to shops and it is on the right. pasta and pizza, called sardegna. really reasonable and lovely food. watch out for the bikes in amsterdam!!!!! we bought a 2 day tram ticket from hotel for 10 euros 50 each. you can hop on anywhere. we had breakfast one morning in hotel, order the night before as it is 15 euros instead of 21. have a fab time and dont mix space cake and alcohol as husband went a bit silly after mixing both, i had to escort him out of shop with novelty salt and peppers in rude shapes !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>drumaloor
<Content>lovely hotel Just back from three nights in Bilderberg Gardern Hotel. Its a very nice hotel. We did not have breakfast and didnt eat there so cant comment on the food.The staff were excellent and very friendly and really helped us with tram advise and gave us a street map. The rooms are very clean, bed luxurious. It is in a quiet location, however this may suit some people. it only takes 15mins on number 5 or 24 tram to get to the centre, trams run regularly until 12.30 at night, after that the bus service which is slow and can be infrequent. Overall very happy, Amsterdam very nice city, people are very friendly, lots of nice restaurants to choose from. Would go back to Amsterdam. Highly recommended, its beautiful.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>LNoble2310
<Content>Probably the best Hotel we've ever stayed in! Highly recommend this HotelI am extremely fussy, but I just couldn't fault anything about this Hotel - the rooms were very clean - white bed linen was gorgeous. The breakfast was superb, the staff were amazing - couldn't do enough to help. Although the location of the Hotel is 30 minutes (perhaps a little more) walk from the centre, it's not far from Museum Square and is very quiet. We thought there was no-one else staying in the Hotel! I would love to go back and stay in this Hotel. Fabulous place!Linda  Michael Noble  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TRmam
<Content>Accommodating staff There was a problem with our arrival dates (our miscalculation), but not only did the hotel still accommodate us several days earlier than expected, they were able to give us a room immediately upon arrival around 9AM and at the original rate quoted!The hotel is very clean, and nicely appointed. The lounge is great for a pre-dinner drink. All staff members we dealt with were professional and courteous.The location is in a quiet, pretty neighborhood. Yes, walking to sites of interest will be required. However, it is just about a 10 mins. or less walk to the top museums. In nice weather, this is a treat.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gillbtraveller
<Content>Enjoyed Leafy Suburb Stayed at the Bildberg Garden Hotel the last weekend November, 2006. We had a great time hotel very clean, the room was smashing lots of hot water. Well stocked mini bar, english speaking channels on tv. The hotel was in a very upmarket suburb of Amsterdam about fifteen minutes on the tram. the tram stop was abouit five mins walk away. think it was tram twenty four which runs very regularly to the centre. We found a very nice Italian restaurant which we ate in in the evening. Didnt go back into the city decided to eat locally too tired after being out all day sightseeing. Went to the Cinema one afternnon by Rembrantsplein to watch Casino Royale, enjoyed this very much. Love Amsterdam this was our third visit in three years. Would recommend the hotel, althought not central very easy to get to other places in amsterdam Museumplein etc. Overall a smashing time was had . Will no doubt be returning to Amsterdam again.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tates
<Content>Great Hotel We arrived at the hotel an I was a bit apprehensive as I had read some bad reviews on trip advisor. I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel is not the most beautiful from outside, but never judge a book by its cover.The staff at the front desk were helpful, courteous and efficient. The hotel foyer is lovely and the room we stayed in was very nice, lovely bathroom and very comfortable bed.Although we did not eat at the hotel the menu sounded delicous and they had a very good snack menu in their bar. Overall I think the hotel is lovely set in a residental area, which was nice to come back to after the noise of the centre of amsterdam. The tram stop is just round the corner and a number 5 will take you past all the sights and straight to the central station. All in all we had a great trip and the hotel was great value for money.Tip: buy a tram ticket from the reception of the hotel. They area for different lengths depending on your stay. Good value for a 3 day ticket, 13 euros.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gibsonlittle
<Content>A great hotel We have just returned from a 4 day stay in Amsterdam and before our departure I was a little apprehensive about this hotel, having read the very mixed reviews on this site. However my concerns were completely unfounded - the hotel staff were most helpful and all requests were dealt with promptly and courteously. We were provided with a great map and given good advice about places to visit. The breakfast was in our opinion good value as after eating it you really didn't need another meal until the evening. Our room was comfortable and had all the necessary facilities. The hotel is only a short tram ride from the centre and all the major tourist attractions and I would definitely recommend it to friends visiting Amsterdam.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>troybadoo
<Content>Lovely modern hotel near tram line We thought for the price we payed, it would be close to immpossible to top this quality in Amsterdam. Although it isnt centrally located it is very close to a tram stop and you are at Liedsplein in less than 10 mins.The breakfasts were amazing, the staff were the best we have encountered for a long time. The style and decor of the hotel and rooms were modern, bright and fresh. The room although basic had everything we needed. Attention to detail was excellent.If we went to Amsterdam again which we are sure to do, we wouldnt hesitate staying here again.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>annoyedatbilderberg
<Content>Cash stolen by the hotel staff Well we enjoyed our stay thoroughly until we got home.A few weeks later I got a letter stating they had made an additional charge to my credit card for a bill they claim was unpaid. I had in fact paid this bill with cash, and returned the receipt unsigned to the lady on the till stating I wanted to pay by cash, assuming that by not signing the payment it would not go through. She seemed happy with this, but as it transpired, that cash never made it into the till (according to the hotel). As a result, they made a charge to my Visa card without authorisation - a transaction Visa upheld.Apparently the hotel has a carte blanche to charge as much as they like to your credit card, seemingly without rebuke. This is a right the Bilderberg Garden Hotel in Amsterdam are quite happy to utilise, so be warned - their staff understand this loophole, and given the chance, they will pocket your cash.More fool me for not demanding a receipt. Do not be fooled by the good manners of these people.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>montyandco
<Content>no attitude here       nearby canels  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>equitytrading
<Content>Eh, not really for tourists OK,1. Hotel is not near anything really. I am not sure why on the map and in reviews and on the website it says it's close to the musuems. I mean its not FAR, but it's not across the street either.2. Since trains shut off at midnight, and you're not going to walk here from the main attractions/ nightlife, you are forced to take a cab. The cabbies are actually quite scary. One of them was so sexually offensive to us (to put it incredibly mildly) that we made him pull over and got out asap, after he grabbed 20 euros out of our hands of course, and I left my bag in the cab with 500$ worth of stuff (glasses, etc.).3. These same sketchy cabbies will drive you around Amsterdam for a while running up the meter because they are so desperate for money. In the case of the very scary situation above, we probably would've at taken the cab to the hotel IF he hadn't been driving us in the OPPOSITE DIRECTION. I mean honestly, I felt we were going to some warehouse to have our kidneys removed. It was terrifying (once again, putting it mildly).4. The restaurant, um, sucked. I'm from Manhattan and after reading the reviews expected something exceptional. The creme brulee was disgusting. The appetizer of venicen and cod was dilicious. the entree of sea bass was bland. For 40 euro, go someplace else, like THE GARAGE or BARK, both of which were booked all night when we tried to walk in off the street. These places are right near the hotel and open till midnight. The hotel told us everyplace closes at 10 except Bark. They should've told us about the GARAGE also (both places were really bustling and fancy) and made us a reservation or something but they didn't. Oh well.5. The exterior or the hotel will not impress you. DO NOT expect a five star experience. Like the review below, maybe 3 stars.Overall, if you're a tourist, stay someplase else. You want to be able to pop into the hotel mid-day to freshen up, etc.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	1	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Valleygirl
<Content>Lovely rooms in a quiet neighbourhood My husband and I stayed at the Bilderberg Garden for three nights in the week before Christmas. The total cost was 鈧?00 and we stayed in an executive room. The room was lovely, really clean and large, with modern furnishings and a huge bed, TV with many stations in english, CD player and seating area. Each evening a lady left us an apple each. The first night, the room was really hot and we couldn't get the air conditioning to work properly, but we mentioned it to the receptionist the next morning and when we returned in the evening it had been fixed. During the evening a staff member came to check that it was OK and brought us a card apologising for the inconvenience, and a box of chocolates, which was a pleasant surprise. Although we did not eat in the hotel restaurant, the menu was modern and not unreasonable for a special night at 鈧?9 for three courses. Many of the guests were obviously business people but we did not feel out of place, and the receptionist gave us a very helpful map and showed us the best places to go. In fact, that free map was more useful than many of the maps in the guide books as it contained tram routes, canal bus routes and shopping areas all on one page. It was a five minute walk to the tram stop and there were 8 trams an hour into the city centre - about a 15 min journey. We bought a three day tram ticket from the hotel and it was hassle-free after that. The hotel itself is in a leafy suburb just off an up-market shopping street and the area was very quiet although there were restaurants within walking distance from the hotel. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Dallas75204
<Content>Nice hotel in a quiet residential area, far from city center: not for tourists I recently stayed at the Bilderberg Garden Hotel for 2 nights at the beginning of a long weekend in Holland and Belgium. As a Dutch-tourism-rated 5 star hotel, we expected a lot, but were told later that the Dutch star ratings are based on price more than services and amenities. It is a nice hotel, but if you are expecting a 5-star experience, look elsewhere--it is not posh by any means and is probably a 3 star in all honesty. Additionally, we found the distance a little too far from the city center for our liking. The hotel is nice-enough, but does not really shine in any area nor does it endear itself to its guests. As we were driven to the front door, we were taken aback by the construction along the entire front of the hotel--it did not look inviting. (Hopefully, the construction will be finished for future guests as it was neither attractive nor especially quiet.However, upon entering we found a Dutch-modern design, with inviting fresh flower arrangements throughout. Beyond the reception is a lobby bar with a cozy fireplace. We were fortunate enough to observe the pre-Christmas flowers arrangements and the Christmas themed arrangements: mid-stay, the numerous white rose arrangements were changed to red roses, and beautiful greenery and Christmas trees were on display.Our room, as the hotel, was Dutch-modern by design: stark, with lots of dark-wood paneling and simple dark wood built-ins and small leather furniture. The bedding was sleek, but the sheets were rough to the touch. Additionally, there was a problem with the TV, as it tended to turn off or become unusable at times, and the luggage holder collapsed upon first use.There are thoughtful touches, such as shoe-shine machines on each floor, in-room coffee service with a choice of coffees and teas, and a specific style of glass/mug for each of the beers/spirits in the mini-bar. But there are negatives, such as the below-average shower and water pressure (heat equalization), no shower curtain, and smallish bathroom. The service was polite, but neither polished nor especially helpful. The hotel is located in a quiet and rather upscale residential area, but the lack of lighting on the surrounding sidewalks at night may pose a problem for some.Finally, this hotel is not convenient to any tourist areas and we noticed that it was heavily tilted towards a business clientele. The tram stop is only about a 5 minute walk away, but the additional 5 minute tram ride to the museum quarter or the 10 minute ride to the Dam area was not especially convenient and made it hard to pop-in to the hotel to freshen-up during the day, especially in the rain common to the region this time of year. (The hotel was represented to be convenient to the city center, which we definitely did not agree). In summary, this is a nice hotel, but if you are looking for an above average upscale hotel experience, in service, amenities, quality and location, look elsewhere.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	2	5	4	3	4	

<Author>charlie1978
<Content>Lovely Hotel in a lovely area We stayed at the Bilderberd for a weekend break and found it to be a lovely hotel.It was definitely more of a business hotel than anything but that didint bother us. Yes it is expensive but we expected it to be! Its in one of the nicest suburbs and I had read it was classed as the 'Bond Street' of Amsterdam, and it really was in a beautiful residential area....which we wanted.If you want to be right in the centre of all the action of Amsterdam then this probably isnt for you, but we knew it wasnt which is why we chose it. The service was excellentas i would have expected.If you want an above average stay in amsterdam and want to pick and choose when you go into the centre of Amsterdam, this is a perfect choice.There was also a great little bistro just round the corner where the guy that owned it loved the company, cooked great fresh home made food, insisted on not letting us pay for our wine, and played the accordian just for us! it was a bit surreal but a great place. If you go there you'll know its him as he has pictures of him skydiving all over the walls.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TDurekas
<Content>Location Location Location My wife and I spent three days in Amsterdam at a hotel recommended to us through the site reviews here. The service was excellent, we had a very nice room (Room 401) that I would recommend because of it's view. We chose not to have breakfast here, lots of options a few blocks away. Centrally located near everything I would highly recommend this place!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nunnion
<Content>Great staff, and very comfortable suite Got a great deal on one of the suites, and it was very comfortable. The decoration is really nice.The staff were friendly, and helpful but it seemed a little tricky to book the attached restaurant.The location is nice and quiet, away from the bustle of central Amsterdam, but it's a bit of a trip on the tram to get to the tourist areas.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ediescout
<Content>had a great time We have just came back from a few days at the Biderberg. The staff are incredibly helpful, for example I wanted and extra pillow....asked at reception and by the time I was back at my room(3-4 minutes later) the pillows were being put on my bed. I do agree the housekeeping staff are very impatient, but if you are an early bird, this should not be too much of a problem. Loved the turn downservice...beds turned down and a snack put beside your bed in time for you returning to your room.Only negative is the extremely overpriced restaurant....ok food but oh my god, they know how to charge for it...although once again, the staff are lovely. There is a great Italian restaurant called La Palma nearby(as the receptionist) and she will direct you. Much cheaper and fantastic ambience.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Heracles
<Content>Very nice hotel Very nice hotel. Comfortable rooms and friendly personel. The hotel is situated at a beutiful area, five minutes distance from the center by tram (5 or 24). We stay 5 days and we certainly recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dave'n'Rach
<Content>Great hotel Stayed here on a long weekend in May. Hotel is in a quiet leafy location. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Rooms were comfortable and quite spacious. Would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a nice clean hotel The hotel is clean and well presented. I had read a lot of the reviews on this website and was worried. The staff are very friendly and helpful but the hotel bar and room service is pricey! A few things to be aware of..... even is you place the do not disturb sign on your door the cleaners still come in and reception phone you. I accidently left some chocolates in the mini fridge which I went back for before departing as they were a present but they had been taken by the cleaners and I was told it was my fault for leaving them! The hotel is not in the heart of Amsterdam, although it is situated in a lovely area and is only a 10 minute tram ride (number 5) to Dam Square.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>2	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Chrix
<Content>Fabulous Hotel and great staff! Our party paid that little bit extra for executive rooms in this impressive hotel and we weren't disappointed. Excellent rooms and excellent service. There was work taking place within the hotel but we weren't inconvenienced at all and the friendly, knowledgeable and helpful staff made our stay even more memorable. Travel tip - You could walk but the hotel is also handy for the trams into the City and it's wealth of restaurants, bars, museums and sights. Buy a 13 euro ticket at the hotel which entitles you to 72 hours travelling on the trams which are efficient, quick, frequent and clean - but watch out for the bikes when you get off!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The worst hotel experience I have had for years - Awful!!! I stayed here during a conference and was not told that they were refurbishing this hotel. It's located in South Amsterdam in a very expensive residential area. The area is ruined by the presence of this concrete layer cake.When I went it was being refurbished - plastic sheeting over the walls and scaffolding in the interior. The restaurant was closed and there was constant drilling - made me think of a Spanish tourist resort from the 80's with the construction! My room was very 60's - brown swirly carpet, old furniture, minibar with drinks etc that were nearing expiry!The staff were very nice and I got the impression that they were doing their job well under the circumstances. The owner/management should be severely chastised for not closing down completely during the renovations - and for this reason I wonder what their opinions of dealing with customers is.The location is half an hour by crowded tram from the sights of Amsterdam - not ideal.Do not waste your time or money (or anyone elses money if someone else is paying) staying here.I travel a lot - and really and truly this place is awful! Ignore this at your peril.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good, not great We booked the romantic special. I thought it was quiet expensive for what we got. The room was a deluxe room allthough i think the word deluxe is a little exagerated. I stayed in a lot of hotels all over the world i would rather call it a standard room. Ok there was a large balcony but it was to cold to use it anyway. Oh yes, don't get wild by reading the word jacuzzi. The staff was very friendly though. The breakfeast on the room was very nice and the restaurant superb. Would I go back? Yes but in a standard room at 1/3th of the price i payed. If you don't rent a car, you have to know the hotel is not in the center. you'll have to take a (crowded) tram it'll take you 20 minutes. nevertheless we had a great time and i would certainly return.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>marianne1981
<Content>Nothing special This hotel was nothing special.Why :1- it was very standard, but the price was far from standard2- the jakuzzi was a joke ,it was small and you could not turn it on after 22.00!!!3- they charge way to much!!!ok it was clean and thats the only positive thing about this room and hotel.Me and my boyfriend came here for a romantic night ,and choose this hotel becouse they ad in the yellow pages that they have nice rooms with jakuzzi, i can asure you this is not a romantic type of rooms what you would expect for this kind of prices.It is a normal clean standard room with shower, the so called jakuzzi bath for small people, tv, minibar, roomservice, etcSo nothings wrong with the room but you can find much cheaper and exactly the same type of rooms elswhere.We wanted a special kind of room for romantics and we diddnt get that! and for this price what we payd we could have gone to a other hotel and get a honeymoon suite!!!So i would recomend this hotel especialy not for romantics , and also not for others becouse you could get better deals in other hotels for this type of standard rooms.Greetings Marianne  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not walking distance to attractions We enjoyed our stay at this hotel but it was not a 5* hotel as we thought it was. We also thought this was central Amsterdam but in fact it was a good 30 mins away from all the attractions Amsterdam has to offer. We thought we were staying in a executive room but were told these were under refurbishment and we should have been advised of this but we weren't which was a bit disappointing.Room was small but adequate. Thought the jacuzzi bath was fine.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JohnGMalahide
<Content>Clean and comfortable We are an Irish couple in our early fifties and decided to celebrate our wedding anniversary in Amsterdam. After much internet searching we booked the Bilderberg Garden Hotel for three nights. We opted for the executive room option which is reached by dedicated lift.The room was on the small side but adequate. We decided to try breakfast but at 21 euro each we did not recon it good value. We felt the restaurant mangerie de kersentuin was very expensive and had a limited menu.On our final evening we booked an early wake up call at reception. It never came, luckily we had set our mobile phone alarm or we would have missed our flight. When we pointed out this to the receptionist we barely got an apology. Overall I would say yes the location is good, only a few minutes walk to appollolaan tram stop ,but this hotel is not deserving of a five star rating just 4 star  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant hotel Nice hotel but not five star, dont know how they got that rating. Staff were pleasant, decor in the bar leaves alot to be desired, and the prices are abit on the high side even for five star hotel. The room decoration was good and clean, although the curtain over the bed could have done with a wash. Linen was changed as and when you wanted it. Taxis from the hotel varied in cost from 12 to 15 euros, so best to take the tram which is available just round the corner which passes all the major attractions. I would not stay at this hotel again, although had a pleasant stay, I am sure that for the cost of it you could get better value for your money elsewhere  
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definitely not a 5 star Points to note before booking this hotel:- It is definitely not a 5 star. I have stayed at some lovely 5 star hotels and this is not even close. Maybe a 3 star.- It is out of the centre. You have to get the #5 tram for at least 10 mins to get to the centre of the Dam Square and its not in walking distance.- It is quite near the Museum area so good if you are going for that.- The double bed was actually two beds pushed together which kept moving apart.- The jaccuzi bath would have been better if it was a double sized bath. It was a bit narrow.- Toilettries were cheap - 5 star hotels don't provide cheap toilettries!- Room heating didn't work properly.- Nicest touch about the whole hotel was the free apples in the bowls on reception and in the corridors.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JiggliePuff
<Content>Clean  I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in April 2005 with my fianc茅. On arriving we were a bit worried as the outside was a bit drab looking (and there was some sort of road works going on all around the entrance to the hotel!). However, we were pleasantly surprised when we saw the inside of the hotel.The reception area was well presented  the staff were very helpful  friendly. Our room was also very modern ( clean) and was a good size. The only downside was that the Jacuzzi we were promised was actually a few holes in the bottom of a standard bath  was so noisy you'd rather not use it!!We didn't bother with breakfast in the hotel, as we thought at EURO 17.50, it was a bit over-priced. (We did find the Van Gogh cafe nearby for breakfast though - definitely recommended!). On the second night we ordered room service - It was fairly priced and the food was delicious!!Overall, I'd say this hotel is well suited to a short break as it had everything you would really need, the staff are so nice  it's in a good position for getting into the centre of Amsterdam itself.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sammmmm
<Content>not a 5 star stayed 3 nights here and this is not a 5 star hotel,its an ok 4 star,i have stayed in better 4 stars.staff were ok,helpful but seemed a bit lost.room was clean but marked carpets and walls.i didnt mind staying here but i expected more for the money.it is a nice area if a little far out,but well served by the number 5 or 24 trams.i love amsterdam but wont be staying here again  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Refund Hotel We haven't even got to the hotel yet, but the vibes aren't good. We booked a Last Minute.com City Break which flies us into Rotterdam, not Amsterdam. We found out we cannot get from the hotel to the airport for the 0710 flight as trains don't run that early (unless we book a 100 euro taxi). The hotel, given the circumstances, was not prepared to offer us a refund on the last night, which would have meant we could have booked a room in Rotterdam instead. Its policy is no refund. Beware!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jolanda-Netherlands
<Content>Never again A jacuzzi you can't use in the night because of the noise... (you will not use it at all because of the headaching noise)A terrible service in the restaurant...A big price paid and not even feeling welcome...A smokingroom while non-smoking was asked...Mix-up in the reservations...Bad parking...No this is not a 5 stars, 4 at highest.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>SherwoodSal
<Content>Very Pleasant A very nice hotel with friendly and polite staff. It is located in a pleasant suburb, quite a long way from the city centre, but easily accessible from the Central Station by the number 24 tram (stop Apollolaan). It's also within walking distance of the Vondelpark. Two minor complaints - the bathroom door stuck and groaned a bit and the bedroom carpet was ready for a clean. The breakfast buffet is rather expensive at 21 euros per head but if you have plenty of time and a large appetite, you could eat enough to last you all day. If you want to skip breakfast, there are tea and coffee-making facilities in the rooms and you could go out. The bar is dear, too.In general, the hotel is quite expensive by European standards, but gave value for money as far as Amsterdam is concerned.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>woodys tours
<Content>short break Everything about this hotel was excellent. The room decor and furnishings were excellent, it was light and airey with a very effective air conditioning system. The bathroom was well equiped - the bath was superb as were the toiletries.The restaurant served a very varied breakfast - hot buffet including eggs,bacon,sausage,mushrooms and tomato - cold included various cheeses.ham, numerous breads and pastries and a good selection of juices and fresh friut.We ate in the restaurant on two evenings - the meals were top class as were the wines - we ate from the a la carte menu but a fish course taken from the budget menu was equally as good.The staff were all friendly and very helpful - the front desk staff booked a fish restaurant on our last night - they said it was very good - it turned out to be one of the best fish restaurants any of us had ever eaten in. They helped with maps,transport and tickets most efficiently at the front desk.We had three rooms in our party - all six of us want to go back to this hotel-next weekend if we could!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>RipOff Hotel Everything about this hotel is a ripoff. Read their website and you think it is spectacular but once you arrive it simply does not deliver. They claim they are a 5 star. It's maybe a 3 star at best. I checked in at the front desk and went to my non-smoking room only to discover the room was filled with old cigar smoke, the rug obviously worn out and dirty, the room dated, dark and dank. They advertise they have marble bathroom with jacuzzi baths. In fact, my room had a chipped porcelin midget tub with no marble in sight with the bathroom light inoperable. I immediately left the room and complained to the front desk. They said tough luck--they were going to charge my credit card because I did not preview the room before I gave my credit card at the front desk. I demanded to see the manager but he or she refused to come out of hiding. I finally told the front desk clerk that I refused to stay in a hotel that misrepresented their amenities and walked out. Upon leaving a bell boy apologized to me and said other people have experience similar problems. He was tired of covering up for management and was looking for a new job. Now I am fighting them with my credit card company and a lawyer in Amsterdam. So look out for this ripoff.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>PatsyPie
<Content>Sheer Luxury We stayed here for three nights, it was a suprise present for my husband's 40th birthday. Our rooms were great and our jaccuzi was sheer bliss. Breakfast was good, as there was an excellent choice to choose from.We did not eat evening meal in the resteraunt as we had room service each night. For that extra special touch we were provided with bath robes, slippers and toiletries. The staff were very helpful and polite.The only drawback was, that the hotel was a little further out of the town centre than we thought but I would still recommed this hotel for anyone wanting a little luxury.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So comfortable We have just had a 2 night stay at the Bilderberg and have to say we were made very welcome and found the hotel comfortable to be in, food very good and room excellent. We would rather be in a small hotel in a quiet area and once we got our bearings to walk into town everything was easy.Many thanks to the staff who never failed to deliver.  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mmddyy11
<Content>Nice hotel, good location I stayed at the bilderberg in March, 2005, and really liked it. The location is very nice, very close to trams, and out of the hustle of downtown tourist areas. We stayed in an executive room, which was very nice. Others who complain that this hotel is not really five star are probably correct, but for the money it was absolutley a great value (at least when I went). I think anyone who trashes this place in a review must have higher standards than I, because I really can't think of anything else this hotel could have done to make my stay better. I would observe that, in reading reviews, those who upgraded to an executive room have better impressions of the hotel than those who did not. So if you have the choice  the money, I'd say upgrade. The hotel is also close to the trams. The 5 or 24 will take you to the museum district, Leidesplein, or into Dam square. Lastly, the staff were very helpful, which I was somewhat surprised at since my wife and I were younger and not rich/fancy/upper class/etc. I expected to be ignored and/or be treated with indignant behavior, but everyone was very nice and helpful. PS - the resteraunt is rumored to be good, but is so expensive I had to skip. There are some fairly nice/upscale places just down the street (South of Appollan) which are cheaper and plenty nice.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>biggi1
<Content>Very nice location - good connections I have just spent the last weekend in Amsterdam at the Bilderberg Garden Hotel, which me and my partner both found very pleasant. The staff were absolutely brilliant and went out of their way to help.Although the hotel was very clean, I would say it was more a four star than a five star hotel. The outside you could easily mistake for an office, yet it is set in beautiful surroundings, amongst the wealthier quarters of Amsterdam. Transport was no problems, plenty of trams leading into the heart of Amsterdam and also extremely cheap (under 拢3 for a 24 hour round ticket). Make sure you buy your ticket from the machines located on the tram - much cheaper than buying from driver.Overall, I think the hotel was good value for money. It made a nice contrast from the busy city.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>waste of money thought it would be romantic for me and my boyfriend to book a 5 star hotel but was dissapointed with this one. firstly we booked a smoking room and they gave us a non smoking room (which smelled of smoke anyway) and they wasnt able to offer us anything else. the room was nothing special and the jacuzzi is definately nothing special. mini bar was very over priced but the free fruit and one free coffee was ok. the staff were ok but made us feel out of place just because we were young. the menu is pretentious. id say 3 star hotel with 5 star facilities if u have a stupid amount of spare money.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>silverstreamgirl
<Content>Excellent service Just returned from a superb break in Amsterdam. Bilderberg Garden exceeded our expectations. Upgraded to an executive suite with private lift, jacuzzi whirlpool bath and fresh fruit left in your room each night, luxury. Staff were extremely helpful recommending great places to eat. Made our stay more enjoyable. Out of the hustle and bustle of the city with easy tram access. Will definately be back.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fab restaurant The service at the Garden hotel is great and the rooms are nice, reached by own executive lift!But the restaurant is fabulous, best meal i've ever had, and we live in france and eat out a lot! The buffet breakfast is not to be missed either - including champagne and garden hotel cherry crumble among many other fab things.Have stayed there twice and will deffo return.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amsterdam Trip Just got back from 3 rain soaked days in Ansterdam.This hotel can be reached by tram no 5 or 24 from central station,off at Apollolan stop,turn lert the 100yds left againto Bilderberg Gdns.Tram ride approx 15 mins.Taxi from central approx 15EuroAll staff polite ,freindly and helpfull,little gimmick additions in room of shoe polish and fruit at about 6pm.One bath robe and one pair of disposable slippers.Room was two single beds pushed together,anything more energetic than turning over in bed and one peron will fall down the gap.One large and one small beer from the hotel bar was 10.50 euro, not much drinking was done in the hotel bar.Resteraunt at least 50% more expensive than in city,but it is a 5 star establishmentAt least a 30 mins walk to Dam square.15 euro taxi to Dam squareMake sure you have a pack a mack and a brolly, the hotel wiil loan you one if needed.All in all a good visit but a bit too far out for sight seeing  
<Date>Aug 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A retreat from the Leicester Square mob! OK so it is 70s retro - not sure we loved the brass and brown in the entrance but is was in a fantastic location - faraway to be quiet and classy - not Leicester Square/Soho here! but close enough to be within 15 mins by tram - which were regular and reliable - not like London transport! The rooms are good but not incredible - the service polite and very efficient - a retreat from the centre of Amsterdam without being in the sticks - recommended unless you want truely 5 star  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will visit again!! We were very impressed with the hotel....the location (close to 3 tram stops), the conceirge/receptionist service, the cleaniness of the rooms and all the amenities. I liked the fact that I was able to pick the decor color of my room beforehand. The marble bathroom was very clean and provided all the necessities, including white soft bathrobes and slippers! The best part was the bed. I think it was the most comfortable hotel bed I have slept in. When we visited, it rained everyday...but the hotel provided all the comforts to almost forget about the bad weather. I would definitely visit again.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Michael at Bragbury End.
<Content>Enjoyed our stay We have just stayed at the Garden Hotel and cannot see where some of the other comments have come from. The standard of service was very good and we found all the staff to be very helpful and friendly.To get to the hotel using the tram from Central Station was easy and the tram drivers are helpful. Apollo is the name of the stop you want which is on a bridge. Walk off the bridge turn right and take second turning on the right to find the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5 star - by whose rating?! Having stayed in many 4/5 star hotels, we were extremely disappointed with the Bilderberg Garden Hotel - expectations were far from met. Yes, we understand that it was purchased at a discounted rate and that it was a very busy weekend (Easter). However, after being told that an early check-in was possible, to be told 'i don't think so' on arrival, it was not a good start. The outside clearly needs some investment and wasn't at all welcoming. There were no bathrobes, the jacuzzi was pathetic, the movie channel cut out half way through our pre-paid time and the double bed was two singles thrown together - not perfect for a romantic weekend! Location was OK - outside the centre, so no bussle and quite a nice walk or easy access to nearest tram stop.Best bit about it was the free chocolate eggs!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice, but not 5 star If you like your hotels in a very quiet area of Amsterdam, this is the one for you. Upgraded to an executive room, but to be honest, the Bilderberg isn't really a five star, although still pleasant and comfortable. Tram trips into the busy part of town were a bit of a nuisance, so in our opinion the hotel was a little too much out of the way. Didn't eat in the hotel either, as it was on the expensive side. Staff were friendly and polite.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pixel8
<Content>Decent and not as bad as it sounds I had only a few days to book a room for my wife, baby and myself. Came across a bingo deal, a toss between Bilderberg garden or Bilderberg Jan Luyken. Got the former. Upon reading the reviews, I kinda hoped for the latter but we held our breaths.As mentioned, taking the no.5 tram from outside the Central station was a breeze, they only go 1 direction. Took about 20 mins, due to the mandatory stops but it was an interesting ride, it takes us past the major sights and streets, which was a good overview and mentally prepared us for what was to come.The newer trams will announce or display the names of tram stops, so drop off at Apollaan stop. Otherwise, sit near the driver or ticket guy for help. From the stop (which is on a bridge), turn right at lights, straight down 100m and you will see the hotel on the right.... easy. Exterior did not look a hotel, more like an office building. Surroundings were residential and upmarket. Lobby was big and like a real hotel (I'm saying this based on previous experiences with 3 star hotels in Europe so far). Check-in was quick and helpful.Room was big (compared to many hotels stayed in Europe so far) and on 1st floor, facing the main road we walked on... but no noise at all. Clean and decent overall. Some might say old or dated, but I think it was still well kept and clean enough for me to walk barefooted on the carpet without a conscience. Heater was not warm enough though. Hotel lobby has cute discount mini cards for shopping and sightseeing.Overall, satisfactory and professional. If not worried about the min.15mins travel up and down to central, this is the place. But take note, not all sights are at central though and trams are convenient anyway.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JK2005
<Content>Good Hotel but a bit dated Bilderberg Garden Hotel was nice enough I always take the phrase 5 star with a pinch of salt these days, so the hotel didn't really disappoint. What I would recommend is that you stay at the Bilderberg Garden if you want to stay away from the tacky part of town. The hotel has some really nice cafes, deli's and boutique shops just down the road (just ask at reception for a nice place to eat). As we were there on the weekend I felt like a local and not a tourist hanging out in a nice part of the city that I wouldn't have found if I hadn't been staying at the Bilderberg.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved it We booked a 3 night break on the spur of the moment with lastminute and travelled the next day. Having stayed in Amsterdam twice before we found this hotel to be by far the best. We upgraded to an Executive room which was large and very comfortable and would recommend doing so. We had breakfast in the hotel for 21 euros each and found it to be excellent value because we made full use of the self service - cherry crumble and cream after a full cooked breakfast, yum! No need for lunch. The staff were slightly formal but very pleasant and helpful, all of which is what you would expect in a 5* hotel - maybe it is the former which our US cousins do not like. The location is in a very pleasant residential area and trams into the museum area and centre are only a few minutes walk. The only disappointment was the Daily Special evening meal in the restaurant. Overall most enjoyable and good value for money.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thought we got a bargain on a 5 star but... My wife and I thought we got a bargain on an online booking at this hotel as it was cheaper compared to the other 5 stars but we were sorely disappointed. We did read the reviews of others at Trip Advisor, and thought with so many glowing reviews, perhaps it was just isolated bad incidences that lead to bad reviews, but unfortunately we became one of them.We cut our stay short at the hotel, and checked into the Crown Plaza American instead which truly deserves their 5 star rating.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel My girlfriend and I stayed here 25th - 27th January. It was a lovely hotel in an easily accessible location. Upon arrival we were asked if we wanted to pay extra for the Executive Room, we agreed on 20 euros per night for it. Although we didn't see the normal rooms, it seemed well worth it. We had an amazing double room which is one of the most comfortable i've stayed in. Its easy to get to the main sites in Amsterdam by getting the tram (5 or 24) from the Apollolaan stop, which is a 2-3 minute walk from the hotel. Amsterdam is a great city with lots to do and the added bonus of returning every night to a luxury hotel made it a trip to remember.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You might find a cheap rate, but it is not a 5 star!!!! My girlfriend and I travel quite a bit, and when we do, we often stay at a nice hotel. Concerning the Bilderburg however...you will be sorely disappointed if you are expecting 5 star quality. You'll notice it first as soon as you arrive. The outside is very ugly; the outside walls of the hotel are very bleak, stained, and it looks a bit desolate. The inner lobby is nice enough...but the staff smiling at the reception is hit or miss. Maybe it's just me, but I expect 5 star staff to be friendly and attentive...and it's just not the case all the time. Some of them have that I don't care and would rather be working anywhere but here look on their face.As for the benefits...Fresh fruit in the rooms? 2 pieces; 1 orange, and 1 soft apple.Slippers in the room? Disposable type that come in a plastic wrapper.Bath robe? 1 robe...The Museum Quarter is a nice area, not in the center...but the tram is easy enough to use and is fine.Overall, I would say it's a nice 3*...so keep that in mind when you book.I am giving it 2 stars, because the 5 star rating is completely misleading...I highly do not recommend it, and the next time we go to Amsterdam, we are definitely planning to stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>biggdl
<Content>Beautiful hotel in lovely area Superb hotel well worth the 5 star rating.Set in an exclusive area 5 - 10 mins on the no. 5 or 24 tram from dam square.An evening meal in the hotel restaurant is a must at a very reasonable price. Well worth an extra 20 euros a night for the executive rooms.I shall certainly be returning  
<Date>Oct 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great My boyfriend and i recently stayed in the Bilderberg Garden hotel for a short weekend. We thouroughly enjoyed our stay and would definately recommend it. The staff were very friendly and spoke fantastic English. The room was lovely and was very clean. The jacuzzi in the bathroom was a very nice touch! Although the Hotel was quite far from the centre of Amsterdam it was in a lovely area and was a nice walk to the various sights.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tulips from the Bilderberg Garden, Amsterdam Ideal location for the best of both worlds of Amsterdam - you get the cultured (located within walking distance from museums and the Concertgebouw) peace and quiet of the Oud Zuid district (posh residential area) and you are only a 15 minute tram ride from the relative hustle and bustle of Amsterdam city centre. The restaurant Mangerie de Kerstentuin is a gastronomic treat well worth the expense. Staff friendly and helpful. The bar is worth avoiding - no atmosphere and too expensive.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Bilderberg Garden. The rooms were fabulous and the staff all very helpful and friendly. Although a little bit ffar from the main tourist areas it is easily accessible by tram. Would certainly use this hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>edavies
<Content>Lovely Vistited Amsterdam in May. We picked a fantastic time of the year to visit, the weather was ideal and the flowers were in bloom. We thought the hotel was in prime position, not too far away from the town centre and in a pleasant spot, quite upmarket. The tram ride was only 5mins away in to the centre.The Bilderberg Hotel was ideal for what we wanted, and the jacuzzi bar was a nice extra! The rooms were nice and the hotel was very pleasent. Do not eat of drink at the hotel unless money is no object, very expensive. Just about 10mins walk away is a nice row of shops and restaurants where you can dine for a nice meal and have a nice drink.Bilderberg gets a 8/10 !  
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>reffin
<Content>In a quiet area   showReview(1226244, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2003
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>no way a five star hotel   showReview(1223988, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bilderberg garden Weekend   showReview(1223676, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Hotel   showReview(1223278, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Very Good Base. Avoid the expensive Breakfast   showReview(1209187, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location   showReview(1070368, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mostly Ideal for Us   showReview(924936, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Jacuzzi Heaven   showReview(922030, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No relaxing welcome here   showReview(907702, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Cherry   showReview(837375, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournerions sans h茅sitation   showReview(19641005, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>d茅cu   showReview(18534887, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un bon 4 茅toile 脿 amsterdam   showReview(18534886, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel recommandable   showReview(17441540, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ce n'est pas un vrai 5 etoiles   showReview(16586490, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ein Stern zuviel - Sonst aber gut !   showReview(15571945, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MariaJesus
<Content>Mi estancia fue muy agradable, en planta executive   showReview(10050316, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>tonypolo
<Content>Bastante bien pero no llega a 5 estrellas   showReview(7635637, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr茅s bon hotel. Excellent...   showReview(11329439, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>UNA CAMERA IN CUI NON 猫...   showReview(11329440, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

