<Author>orr333
<Content>Slightly Off the Standard I was in town for the Microsoft World Business Intelligence Conference. To save a little for our company and to keep with the expected standard, we chose the Hampton Inn Downtown. Most everything was right on where I would expect for a Hampton. The bed was great. The room was very clean as was all areas of the hotel. The front desk staff was excellent.Where this property fell a little was in a couple of areas. First, my high speed internet did not work. I relocated and still, it was down. I travel 2-3 times per month and do not have issues with my laptop. I proved this 2 days later in CT by hooking up at that hotel just fine. Hampton tried to right it but after the first move, I was uninterested in moving again as I have an air-card that I can use to connect. Second, the hot breakfast on our three mornings was just OK. They took the cheap route with plain scrambled eggs, etc. Other Hamptons (See Carmel, IN review) have omelets and other foods with a little extra pizazz. Don't get me wrong, I appreciate the free breakfast. It was good - just not in the uppr tier for Hamptons.Last, I think parking there is a pain. They have a garage with a low ceiling and Thrifty gave us a small SUV. Too many cars park in the ouside SUV spots instead of in the garage where they can actually go. They should take more care in regulating this. This is especially true since they charge $12 per night to park. Being just outside of the core downtown area, I think that is pretty steep.Overall, I would stay here again and am a loyal Hilton/Hampton traveler. I think this property needs to find the extra 1% that will set this property out above the rest.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>BaxyYork
<Content>Clean and comfy We stayed at the Hampton Inn and Suites in Downtown Seattle for two nights prior to a cruise to Alaska.Our taxi from the airport cost us $40The hotel was well situated close the the Space Needle and within easy walking distance of Pike Street Market and the main shopping area. (warning - it is quite hilly) A monorail runs from the Needle to the edge of the retail district and you can hop on and off metro buses within a free zone in the centre if you feel you cannot walk. There was a large 24hr supermarket I block away which was very well stocked. And across the road up the hill was a nice little bar that was buzzing.The beds were large and very comfortable and the rooms were at a nice temperature. The bathrooms were clean and the shower was good with the usual complimentary toiletries.The breakfast buffet was good with fruit, cereals, a small selection of hot items and toast with jams, marmalade etc.Coffee was always available in reception and there was free internet access. The folks on reception were very friendly.All in all a place I could recommend.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>00TravelMom
<Content>Not impressed We just returned from 2 nights at the Hampton Inn in Seattle. The hotel is average and our room was clean. The breakfast does get crowded the later you go down, but you can ask for a cardboard tray and take your goodies back up to your room. Two things made our stay less than exciting: 1) the street noise, and 2) the neighborhood. The street noise - our 1 bedroom suite faced 5th Avenue on the 5th floor. There was constant street noise from 7 am to 11 pm. There are some bus stops right across the street and the buses are coming and going all day. In addition the street is well traveled by what sound like party going pedestrians. It was impossible to leave the windows open at night with all the noise. Did I mention the loud belch that we heard at 11 in the morning?The neigborhood, or lack thereof - we were travelling with our six year old son and did not find any of the good restaurants within walking distance. There were homeless people to walk by on the way to downtown/Space Needle and we walked by 2 men and their cloud of pot smoke just a block from the hotel in the middle of the afternoon. I guess this would seem like a better hotel if we wanted to drive everywhere and were heavy sleepers (or a bit hard of hearing).  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mohicans
<Content>Had two happy nights here..... This was our first stay at a Hampton Inn - and we enjoyed it very much.. Its nice to have the staff look at you and smile when you meet them in the hallway. The breakfast was pretty good - and the room was clean and comfortable. I'm not sold on the location - its fairly close the Space Needle - but not downtown as the description says - its also tricky to find and get into because of the one way streets and Seattle's general lack of signage. There are many Thai restaurants around there and we really enjoyed a meal at Tup Tim Thai - which is a short drive away - excellent food.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HappyCouple38
<Content>Not bad, but I won't stay here again A friend booked us into the Hampton Inn for a weekend trip to Seattle. She didn't realize that the hotel was in the Seattle Center area. The Seattle Center area is cheesy and not really clean. There aren't a whole lot of quality restaurants within the area either. However, there is an awesome supermarket about 4 blocks from the hotel called Metropoliatan Market. It has a a fantastic selection of prepared foods, wine, beer and chocolate.The Hampton Inn looked like it had been beat up by years of catering to the party crowd. Our two bedroom suite was large, but walls, carpet and furniture were marked up like someone had hosted several keg parties. The air conditioning wasn't working properly and it happend to be the hotest weekend Seattle has had all summer. Our carpet was wet in several spots - perhaps they had just cleaned the carpet after a party???Although the room was a two bedroom, two bedroom suite. There wasn't enough seating in the living room for four people.The breakfast room was super crowded each morning, but the hotel staff did a good job replenishing the food and keeping the tables clean.All in all it wasn't terrible, but I wouldn't want to stay in that area again. There are tons of better hotels in the downtown area that you can usually get for a good price on priceline.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	3	3	3	

<Author>DSD069
<Content>Great Stay at Hampton Inn Seattle We just had another great stay at the Hampton Inn Seattle. We arrived at the hotel at 1100am thinking we would store are bags and check in later that afternoon. The desk clerk, who couldn't have been nicer, found us a room right then and there. He was even able to put us in a room off the street, and thus we enjoyed very quiet nights.The room itself was very nice. As usual with Hampton Inns, the room was very clean and nicely decorated.The hotel is in a great location. It's about a 5-7 minute walk to the Space Needle, and also to the Monorail to take you right downtown. There is also a Supermarket (open 24 hours) a block away from the hotel. This was very convenient for us as we needed to pick up a few things since we were leaving on a cruise at the end of our stay.Another nice feature of the hotel is that it has two computers in the lobby and two more in their business center guests to use. It was nice to be able to use the internet without a charge.In conclusion, I would definitely recommend the Hampton Inn Downtown Seattle. Great staff. Nice rooms Great location.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AdmissionReady
<Content>Fine, yes. Great, no. Stayed at the Downtown Hampton for 5 nights. It was perfectly adequate as most Hampton Inn's are. Rooms predictable as was the breakfast. No pool - but we expected that. Within a short walk to Space Needle and surrounding activities. 30 minute walk to the piers and good pier restaurant. 45 minute walk to Pike's market. Can take the bus - so no big deal. The hotel's layout is odd and confusing. Because it is on a hill, the 3rd floor is the lobby. It's elevators lead to different sections of the hotel - and navigating the hallways and finding the fitness room, etc was more challenging than it should have been.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>BrandCourier
<Content>Hampton by the Needle Nice location. Great people. They care about your needs and concerns.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gas1956
<Content>comfortable and convenient My wife and I stayed with our 15 year old son in a suite for 6 nights. We only intended to stay for two nights. But when the Sea to Sky Highway was closed by an rock avalanche, our trip to Whistler was cancelled and the Hampton was a comfortable experience the first two nights so we stayed another four. The rooms are not ultra fancy, but have all the amenities needed for a convenient and comfortable stay. The king size bed was incredibly comfortable and was very quiet at night despite most of the rooms being filled. Our son slept on the hide-a-bed without complaint. Room service was very good. Everything was as clean as could be. Free breakfast and coffee was good. We walked to all the tourists spots downtown even though we had a car parked in the hotel garage. Overall a great experience.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lolwut
<Content>Very good for the price and location Given it's proximity to downtown and the Seattle Center, I expected to pay much more. My room was clean and well kept, as you would expect at any Hampton Inn. The front desk staff (when they weren't swamped - see below) was helpful in directing us to various restaurants in the area. They have a free hot breakfast and free cookies at night. The location is nearly ideal since 5th Ave. also has a major bus route that goes right downtown in just a few minutes. Also, if this is your thing, there is an excellent CD/record store right across the street. The major complaint about this hotel I have is that the hotel doesn't appear able to handle the large crowds that sometimes stay there. The day we checked in we waited in the packed lobby for about 20 minutes before anyone helped us. Also, if you don't get to the breakfast area early enough, you'll be hard pressed to find a spot to sit.One day when we were there we tried to use the washing machine and it was broken. We didn't find that out until after our clothes were in there, though. We made several calls to the front desk asking for someone to come look at it (there was no out of order sign or anything) and they kept promising to send someone up but no one ever came. We chalk that up to the fact that people were swarming the front desk staff with check-ins and they just forgot about it. Again, the volume of people staying at this hotel exceeds its capacity to service them well.But, for the price in that location, it's a good deal and someplace I will probably stay at next time I'm in Seattle.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	2	4	

<Author>lsurrett2
<Content>Wonderful for the price We stayed for a few days before our cruise. The hotel was close to some average restaurants, but mostly it was close to the monorail and the needle--just a couple of blocks. Plus, cab fare was @ $7 to Pike's Market or any restaurants near the piers, same amt to the cruise dock.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>alohabeach
<Content>Nice Hampton with wonderful beds! During our Pac NW road trip, we were only able stay 1 night at this property but will be sure to return on another occasion. At the end of our vacation, our stay in Seattle was to include a visit to the Space Needle, 4th of July Fireworks, the Ballard Locks and possibly Pike Place. Since we are Hilton Honors members and always enjoy our Hampton stays for the comfort and hot breakfasts, it was our first choice. We could have stayed DT but the Seattle Center was only a short walk from the hotel and given our short time here it was the best option.The front desk was helpful in providing directions to the fireworks display at Lake Union (within walking distance) and recommending a nearby restaurant (McMinneman's) where we had a nice meal beforehand. Our room had the most comfortable beds that are the hotels signature selling point. Our daughter wanted to stay another night just to be able to sleep in the bed again! Our only disappointment was not with the hotel, but with the Space Needle b/c they stopped selling tickets at 8 pm the evening of the 4th for a private event. This was pretty much our only opportunity to see the view with clear skies as we were leaving early the next day. We eventually went up in the am only to see a cloudy view. This inconvenience also cut into our morning plans to visit Pike Place so had to skip that and hit the road to go home. We will definitely return to the Hampton Inn for the convenience of the location; hospitality of staff and most importantly a great night's rest.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>essmith5
<Content>Very good location The hotel is your typical Hampton Inn. The rooms are pretty standard and what is expected from a Hampton Inn. The location is very good as it is very close to the Space Needle and EMP. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The breakfast area gets very crowded in the mornings. There are not enough tables for the number of guests that stays here.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>moviegal226
<Content>Nice Hotel, But Poor Space Planning This hotel is a standard Hampton Inn - nothing fancy, but reliable and clean. The rooms are pretty much standard for a Hampton so you'll know what to expect. The hotel's common space was woefully inadequate for the huge amount of guests. The free breakfast buffet was so cramped and crowded that most people were eating standing up in the hallways, at the front desk or even outside the front entrance of the hotel! Waits for the two elevators took forever. This hotel is just too big for the capacity of guests it can hold. It was an absolute crowded nightmare at every turn!The location is good and is within walking distance of a large 24 hours grocery store and a McDonald's. The Space Needle and EMP museum are also a few blocks away. The neighborhood isn't the best, so if you are from the country of suburbs or aren't used to urban city life, the area may intimidate you. This is a very urban hotel.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	2	3	2	-1	3	

<Author>smoo75
<Content>Great hotel We stayed at this hotel the night before leaving on a cruise. The location was great - a short walk from the Space Needle where you can catch the monorail to get downtown quickly. The staff was friendly, the breakfast was great and the bed was amazing. The next morning the staff was very helpful to all the folks in the lobby arranging transportation to the cruise terminal. We took the Downtown Airporter/connector to get to the hotel from SeaTac airport and the cruise terminal was a $10 cab ride. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jlsatud
<Content>Great Location I love business hotels. They're more affordable than the big names (i.e. the nearby Hilton) and they come with great perks. Breakfast was delicious every morning. They even had bagged breakfast to go if you were in a hurry. There were warm cookies in the afternoon and there was always a selection of coffee. The lobby had 2 computers and a printer (for free!) to check email and print our boarding passes. There were snacks in our room when we arrived. To me, all that equals up to resort living downtown! The location is great, right down the street from the space needle, EMP, and monorail stop. There's a 7-11 right next door as well as a grocery store in case you'd rather do that then eat out. The front desk help was great and knowledgeable.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mcyassa
<Content>Very impressed Absolutely loved my stay here. The hotel staff were helpful and friendly, location is great (just a short walk to the space needle) and the included breakfast was good. The rooms were clean and well kept. Really impressed, if I ever get back to Seattle there is no need to find anywhere else!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>drewantha
<Content>Nice Hotel Hotel very nice. Breakfast is the usually Hampton good fare. Free parking. Location is a bit off the beaten track the a short drive to the Space Needle and the surronding area. Quiet.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GeorgiaGirl40
<Content>Great Metropolitan Location This hotel is right in the center of everything - it's only a 2-block walk to Seattle Center which includes the Space Needle, the Children's Museum, an amusement park, the SciFi Museum, etc. It's clean and neat and the employees are what you'd expect from a Hampton Inn: polite, friendly and thorough. Nothing too fancy here, but we weren't looking for that.One downside: we experienced lots of traffic noise. Cars zooming back and forth, horns honking, brakes squealing, etc. We enjoyed the free breakfast in the morning, and the 24-hour market on the next block was a wonderful plus! (Although the management in the QFC Market was really rude to us, but that's another story.) Our son came down with a fever while we were at the Hampton Inn and we needed to stay an extra night. The staff at the front desk couldn't have been nicer and made the change in a matter of seconds. Perhaps they saw I was a Mama on the Edge after a long, sleepless night with a burning-up child!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>LosAngelesTravel
<Content>Quality hotel Good wallet-friendly hotel. Great location near the Seattle Center. A quick walk to the monorail which will take you downtown. Grocery store is a block away, so very convenient. My only complaint is the internet access in the room. I switched rooms twice and the net still wasn't working properly. Other than that, no complaints. The front desk staff was pleasant and helpful. Don't expect the Hilton, but for the money and location, it is a good value.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	4	1	

<Author>mln3355
<Content>Great staff, location and amenities The free breakfast is great. Your choice of eggs, meats, bagels, breads, fresh fruit, cereal, yogurt and drinks. The staff is so friendly too! They helped us get around the area as it was our first time in Seattle. Stayed 5 nights and room was always nice and tidy when we came back at night. We stayed in a 2 bedroom, 2 bath suite that was literally the size of a nice apartment. Had a full kitchen and balcony too. I love this hotel and will go back for sure!  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Aged_Travellers
<Content>Great Hotel We have just spent 4 nights at this hotel and enjoyed every moment of our stay. The hotel is a short walk from the Space Needle and from there the Monorail takes you straight into Downtown.The staff were very helpful, especially when I lost an article of clothing. They were friendly and pleasant and always took time to speak to you. Our room was large and spacious with a comfortable bed and pillows - very important to us!There was a good selection of food for breakfast (this was included in the room rate). Coffee was available all the time. We would recommend this hotel as a good choice for travellers to Seattle.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>astooks
<Content>Consistent and comfortable My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights during sightseeing vacation in Seattle. It was a great pick. Not only is the hotel about a 5 minute walk from the EMP/Space Needle, its easy to catch the monorail and ride into down town. Several times we picked a street 4th, 2nd, or 1st streets and walked to and from downtown, which took about 20 minutes. Its a great way to learn the city. Also one jewel we found was a QFC market one block away in the bottom floor of new loft apartments. We would stop here each night on our walk home and stop in just to explore the gourmet fare. There is also a bus stop across the street that makes stops all along downtown and at the WA state ferries (this however is not in the free zone-but only cost $1.50-$1.75). Very convenient. The room was wonderful, clean and comfortable. The breakfast was superb as well as the constant supply of coffee and hot water in the lobby. Staff were very helpful, professional, and polite. This was an excellent place to stay, would certainly stay here again!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pretty_Picky_Person
<Content>Nice and Quiet The location of the hotel is very close to Seattle Centre, and about a 20 minute walk from downtown. The 24hour QFC next to the hotel was very convenient to stock up on food. The hotel breakfast was worth getting up for. The parking spaces are a little tight but we managed fine in our mazda hatchback. Staff was great, check in and out were flawless and the cookies at the desk are REALLY good! Didn't hear anything from any other rooms or traffic during our stay. Big rooms with lots of space. It would be nice to have a mini-fridge in the rooms that are not suites.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>bisbohemian
<Content>Excellent! This is a great little Hampton Inn! The front desk staff are superb! They greeted us, recognized the Hilton Diamond status...upgraded the room without being asked...gave us a cookie and pointed out the Thai place around the corner as a good restaurant. What more can you ask???The suite was nice enough...a little dated, but otherwise very comfortable. The only problem with the place is the layout of the property...you have to walk a mile to your room! This is an excellent place to stay prior to taking the Victoria Clipper to Victoria...only about a 10 minute cab ride...We stayed here on the way on three separate occasions over the course of 5 weeks and each time was exactly what I expect from a Hampton Inn....Good Value...clean room and courteous staff.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MaineIzzy
<Content>Comfy, Well-Priced, Friendly Hotel We stayed in regular room with king bed for one week. Overlooked inner courtyard. Room was fairly quiet except for neighbors playing TV too loudly one night. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Free breakfast is a super time and money saver--a pretty decent range of hot and cold foods. Coffee is always available in lobby. Hampton Inn beds are always wonderful and this was no exception--felt great after walking for miles each day. You can get the monorail to downtown nearby (about 5-minute walk to monorail). You can also walk downtown if you like a longer walk. The bus stops we needed weren't very convenient (had to walk under an overpass) but doable. The monorail is easiest way to Nordstrom/Macy's and downtown shopping--it's just $2 and 2-minute ride. Easy walk to Pike Market from monorail station. Queen Anne neighborhood felt fairly safe. The only minor snafu: upon checkout we received two bills--one of which was right and another that billed us a higher rate for a few days. The front desk took care of it with no trouble. There's a 24-hr grocery store across the street which was awesome--it also houses a Starbucks in case the lobby coffee aint cutting it. All in all a very nice experience especially considering the price ($98 and $125 with AAA).  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Sharonae
<Content>Our new favorite hotel in Seattle. Our ultimate accolade? Had our flight been canceled we would have LOVED staying another night. Or two. Or three. As it was, we stayed 5 nights and felt right at home. It was a crowded week in Seattle so we couldn't get a suite, but the King room was ample, with desk, easy chair  ottoman, and the most comfortable bed in the world. This is not an exaggeration. It is the most comfortable bed in the world. Bar none, even ours at home. The bathroom has double sinks, fast flushing toilet, and good shower. With the incredible QFC market across the street, and a good breakfast free every morning, our lives were made easier.Also, cable internet in the room so the wifi difficulties we encounter everywhere did not exist. Downstairs are 2 computers with CD readers and printers - free and usually available. LOCATION: Two blocks from the Space Needle and Monorail. Going into town? Take the monorail: $4 R/T for adults, $2 R/t seniors and you're on Pine Street in 5 minutes. Within a few feet of Macys - a block from Nordstroms - 3 or so blocks from Pike Market. Flying in? Save yourself wear and tear. Don't rent a car at the airport - it takes forever and costs a bundle. Take the shuttle or, best, a towncar* $35 each way total - and worth every cent - to the Inn, rent a car from Budget on 7th Ave - they'll pick you up at the Inn. Cheap. Easy.Inn Parking is $10+/- a night and the stalls are very small. Our Impala was a very tight fit - and some crazies park pick-ups and SUVs in the underground. Think small car. *We were recommended to use 'Dale' [--]. He was great and I'm saving his card for our February trip.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KJR0711
<Content>Pretty Good Hotel I liked this hotel and recommend it, but there are a few things to be aware of.First the positives: it is in a great location downtown with easy access to the Space Needle and Seattle Center. The staff is very friendly and the breakfast was better than the typical muffin and fruit spread. The room was large and comfortable and relatively quiet.Now, the things keeping it from a 4 star in my book: while it has a good location, it is difficult to get to. Once you're there, parking is a nightmare, and they charge $12/night for parking (not a big deal, except that you then have to navigate the maze of garages to find a spot.) Once you are parked, the you must get from your car to your room, which is not as easy as it sounds. The hotel is many buildings connected together and only linked on one floor, so you will likely have to take an elevator to one floor, walk to the proper building, then take another elevator to your floor. It's very strange.All in all, however, I will likely stay here when I return to Seattle.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>uscashley
<Content>Wonderful Hotel Very Clean and Modern room. Located very close to the space needle. Great room with fireplace and kitchen. Excellent value. We walked to downtown which may be too much for some but we found it to be a nice and peaceful hotel.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>TravelCubed_7
<Content>Near the Center of Seattle Stayed here late September for 3 nights.The best part of the hotel is the location and its complementary breakfast.The hotel is just about an 8 minute walk to the Seattle Center, home to the Space Needle, Sci Fi Museum, and Experience Music Project, among other things. There are a few restaurants near by but they generally didn't open until 5 pm or were coffee shops or were more of a walk than you'd first think. Front desk didn't have a map to consult nor was there a shuttle service as I've had at other Hampton Inns and Suites.Being near the Seattle Center, though, lowers your hotel rate yet you are still very near the Downtown area if you just take advantage of the Monorail, which is just $4 for a round trip. It drops you off at Westlake Center and from there you can easily access the Public Market and Waterfront.The hotel itself was clean. The layout is odd; lobby on the third floor; business center on the first. The entrance on 5th takes you to the lobby no problem, so just go in through that one.The room was clean and had standard Hampton amenities. The room was quite large and had a large safe, which was a nice plus.Service was ok. Once something needed fixing but I had to call out twice to get service. The breakfast was good. The Hampton Inns and Suites tend to have larger offerings than do the regular Hampton Inns and this one was no exception. They offered waffle sticks, eggs and sausage, many muffins and breads, fruits, yogurts, cereals, and oatmeal.Overall, I'd recommend this hotel as a great way to save money on your hotel and use it elsewhere while still being able to reach most Seattle attractions easily.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>vegeterian
<Content>enjoyed our stay My daughter, 3 year old granddaughter and I stayed at the Hampton Inn  Suites in Seattle near Seattle Center for a week in August. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful and our suite was nicely furnished with a dishwasher in the kitchen and extras such as paper towels, etc. We thought the complimentary breakfasts were very good. The location was nice for walking to Seattle Center and for walking to some good restaurants close by. Our only complaints were the street noise when we opened the balcony door at night for fresh air and the tight parking places in the garage. Many big SUV's took up more than one space and it made parking difficult at times.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OSU_Fan1967
<Content>Great location! Typical Hampton Inn - clean, comfortable facility and very nice staff. The breakfast buffet was decent, as well. The location is the main selling point for this hotel as it is situated close to the Space Needle with easy access to the highways, downtown, University of Washington, etc. Overall, a good stay.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>NewPlaceFan
<Content>Nicest room of the trip, great location We chose this hotel based on the reviews and its proximity to the Space Needle. On the Hampton (Hilton) web site, I was able to get a special rate of $79/nite, which was phenomenal. The room was very clean, and the king-sized bed was very comfortable. The window actually opened (a big plus), and the climate control worked well. Overall, the room was very attractive and comfortable. We did not try the breakfast or internet connection. For us it was not noisy. The walk to the space needle is just a few blocks. There is an additional charge for parking, but it is indoors, and we had a handicap tag, so the location was convenient.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Italophilia
<Content>Close to Space Needle Noise was an issue, esp. when the people next door are drunk and noisy at 2am. Maybe the higher-end Hilton brands are better built.Breakfast was so-so, but the staff people are really nice. One did lead us astray with a recommendation for breakfast - at a bar!! Food at the bar was so-so, and the atmosphere was not appealing.Secure parking was good. We just weren't familiar with the neighborhood, so it was nice to have gated parking.There were lots of good restaurants nearby, within walking distance. It was just hard to figure out which ones were the good ones. Great coffee with 1-1/2 blocks.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Sgran
<Content>1000% better than travelodge Our family of 17 was booked into the travelodge prior to our cruise, but couldnt bear it. Hampton Inn took our 5 rooms and the guest rooms and public areas were clean and well updated. Family members enjoyed walking to QFC store and some ate at the sushi resturant on the corner. Lobby on the 3rd floor confusing if you come by taxi.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jnk100700
<Content>Emerald City Gem       The view from our room  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>MaggiePrarieduChien
<Content>Good Stay We reserved the Study with a kitchenette. It was a deceiving title. It was spacious with two rooms - tv, couch, desk and chair in the extra room, but no kitchen. Basically we had a hotel room fridge and microwave. When we called to the desk they assured us that we could have a kitchen the next day- but it never happened. We were there for four days. Besides this the stay was okay. The breakfast was a nice touch. It helped with us not having a kitchen. The bed was comfy. The street noise was bad, and the cost was high. I am not sure I would stay again, but it worked.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>5	2	4	3	4	2	4	4	

<Author>mmzadeh
<Content>Wonderful Staff, Great Place On a sold-out summer weekend day (Saturday July 28, 2007), we found ourselves in big trouble because of a misunderstanding of the room type at the time of online reservation. The hotel staff went out of their way to resolve the situation to our satisfaction. The stay in this place was great.This Hotel is located within a block of Seattle center/Space Needle, and is within a 2 mintue monorail ride or a short drive from downtown/ Pike Market area. The room and particularly the beds are very comfortable, and the breakfast is quite good. This is a friendly place with good location and plenty of free parking space.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Travelusa2011
<Content>Great staff, all wanting to make your stay great. Great place to stay. Clean and nice rooms. Space needle within a 5 minute walk, monorail to downtown right there too. Good restaurants like Bucca Di Beppo within walking distance.All of the staff were friendly and ready to make our stay a pleasant one. We were two couples who shared a 2 bedroom suite. Manager even took time to chat with us a bit. They all made us feel so welcomed. We mentioned a problem with our AC and by the time we came back from a walk it was fixed. Breakfast was very nice and they even had an on the run breakfast bag for those leaving real early in the morning. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Infiniti
<Content>Great Touring Base       Fridge Door - Opens the Wrong Way!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>gr8-s-cape
<Content>A Good Stay with Extra Pointers I just came back from a three night stay where we stayed in the 2-bedroom suite. This was the very last unit (or first depending on where you start) on Roy Street. Because of road construction or trash collection, we were jarred up early with their banging and beeping when the trucks were moving in reverse. This was during the week days so if you're staying over the weekend you may not encounter this. Parking is ridiculously tight... and I agree with the other reviews in regards to this. I found parking in their garage (you use your hotel keycard to get in) was easier as most guests seemed to park outside. Everytime we parked in the garage we were able to find two spaces together that were unoccupied which made parking easier. There is a market, Quality Food Center, across the street (corner of Mercer and 5th) that was is quite nice.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>kityhwk
<Content>Great Family Hotel We just returned from our first visit to Seattle. Originally when I was planning this trip I wanted to stay more downtown. But after the trip, I am glad we stayed at this hotel. It is right down the street from the Space Needle very convenient location. I agree with other reviews that this hotels parking garage is much to be desired. The parking sports are extremely small and take some manuvering but not impossible. To make it easy on yourself, park outside if you can find a spot. The breakfast was what I would expect but changed everyday. The staff kept a constant supply coming and the hours were from 6 to 10 each morning. The food ranged from fresh fruit mix, hot and cold cereal, juices, toast, buttermilk biscuits, muffins and bagels. Each day there was a hot dish which was either scrambled eggs, waffles, sausauge patties, and sunny side up eggs. Of course there was coffee and my teens liked the hot chocolate. They also have breakfast bags to go for those in a hurry. At 3PM, there are fresh baked cookies at the front desk. They were yummy. We were on the 6th floor, the top floor. There are skylights in the hallways and in the afternoon the floor was always warm. Our room was on the street side, but there was hardly any noise. My family didn't like the beds much. They were just OK. The room was clean and they always cleaned the room very quickly. The staff was pleasant. At times, you had to wait at the front desk. They should have another person working. There are 2 computers in the lobby area. Only one that you could print from, but this was very nice. We had our laptop, but when I wanted driving directions or to print out information, it was handy that it was right near the breakfast area. The ice machine didn't work or was under construction on our floor, so I went down a floor same situation. Just had to go down to the main floor to get ice. No big deal. All in all I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>kiwitravellers07
<Content>great location we stayed at the Hampton Inn for 3 nights with another couple in a 2 bedroom apartment, apartment was bright, light and airy and well appointed with a full sized kitchen, good sized lounge area, and each of the bedrooms also had a TV. Bathroom was a decent size also.At the time we stayed there had been a recent flooding due to an ice machine and there were large drying machines in the corridor and carpets had been pulled up in some rooms, luckily we were at the end of a corridor and could not hear the noise from the drying machines but did have to walk past numerous machines and around electrical cords to reach our room.Breakfast is included and there was a good selection of cereals, toast, bagels, pastries etc plus a couple of hot dishes, food was nice and you could grab a 'breakfast on the run' from the front desk if you did not have time for a sit down breakfast.location was good, couple of blocks from space needle and monorail, we walked most places however without issue, there are homeless people in most areas but not a major nuisance.our only gripe is that when we were checking out we asked the staff for the best way to get 4 of us with large bags to the airport, we spoke to several different members of staff and they all recommended the town car service at a flat rate of $35, we queried several times if car would be big enough for our luggage and were advised no problem.when the car came to pick us up he said that we wouldnt be able to fit the luggage and would get a bigger car, they appear to be based at the hotel so this only took a couple of minutes, imagine our surprise when we got to the airport and he demanded payment for $65 due to having to use a larger vehicle (a suburban), we had no choice but to pay, at no time when he swapped vehicles did he mention a difference in fee, had we known we would have looked at other options. This incident ruined an otherwise great stay, I emailed the hotel about this a couple of days later to make them aware but there was no offer to refund us the additional cost.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>MarciaD720
<Content>Great Location - Comfortable Rooms The Hampton Inn  Suites Seattle DT is located 1 block away from Seattle Center and with easy access to 99 and the I-5. This was a great location because it was within walking distance to the Seattle Center Attractions (Space Needle, Monorail, Experience Music Project, Pacific Science Center and Children鈥檚 museum) . The monorail takes you right into the heart of the Shopping district and within walking distance of Pike Place Market 鈥?makes a good alternative to driving a car. And for only $2 one-way very affordable 鈥?but back to the hotel.The Hampton Inn staff were very kind to me 鈥?since I was staying for a week, they did put me on the 6th (top) floor facing the courtyard 鈥?so the room was quiet. Actually the rooms are very well insulated because I did not hear one shower/bath or toilet flush the entire stay. The only noise that penetrated the room was the doors shutting in the hall way 鈥?and this was only a problem in the morningThe beds are very comfortable and have nice white duvets and feather pillows. I stayed in a king room and got a good night sleep each night I was there. The bathrooms are large and have showers with good water pressure 鈥?although being on the 6th floor I did have to wait a bit for the hot water. I stayed in a regular room #617, so I cannot comment on the suites. Hampton offers free wireless high-speed internet access. I did have a little trouble accessing the internet wirelessly 鈥?but an Ethernet cord was provided in the room so once hooked up had no problems accessing the internet. For those that do not bring a computer with 鈥?the hotel offers two computers in the lobby for guest use. The hotel computers are hooked up to a printer so it makes it easy to print maps, walking tours, tickets or boarding passes.Of course being a Hampton, they provide complimentary breakfasts. They always had a fruit, cereals, baked goods (muffins, bagels, toast) and hot breakfast option (my favorite being the French Toast Sticks 鈥?but the waffles and scrambled eggs were also good). And in the afternoon they provided cookies 鈥?I was only back at the hotel early enough for these one day 鈥?but the cookies were good!The staff of the hotel were very pleasant, for my first night they did provide information on local restaurants and an map of the local vicinity. In addition they provide me with information on the Northwest Folk Life festival that was taking place the first weekend I was there.The hotel offers parking under the hotel in three different parking areas. If you have a car they will assign a parking area to you. I heard that the cost for parking was $9.00 per night but I was not charges 鈥?I am not sure if that was an oversight or if it truly is free. I recommend checking with the hotel before your stay.For those with a car, the hotel is conveniently located to several major highways which make getting in, out and around the city convenient. If you are staying in the city longer than a few days, I would recommend renting a car. Would definitely stay at this hotel again and would recommend it to others. I have attached photos for your review.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>otownrob
<Content>OK/Average/Whatever       room  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	-1	4	

<Author>roberee
<Content>Value Buy in Seattle Good value for the money. Parking was about $9 per day and the spaces are tight - I squeezed a full-size car, though. The complimentary breakfast included bread, cereal, a couple hot items (sausage, french toast, ham, etc.) and pastries  fruit. Nothing special, but certainly good enough for a morning bite. The room I had was clean. The desk - I utilize it alot - was accompanied by a modern, but kind of uncomfortable chair...minor complaint. Also, the internet is free, but it was slow for high-speed access. Not really a downtown hotel.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>cosmokazi
<Content>Nice stay! I travel a lot for my job, and it is nice to have a day off here and there in the cities that I work in. I was here for 2 nights, and found the hotel to be clean and very convenient. The Front Desk staff were always helpful, friendly and very efficient. My room was clean  quiet. The breakfast has a lot of choices, and there is always free coffee. The Space Needle is only a 5 minute walk, and you can either taxi it or take a city bus to downtown, merely 10 minutes away. I highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Babsytrini
<Content>Great hotel We have just returned from a 4-day stay at the Hampton Inn  Suites. The rooms are clean and comfortable, the staff friendly and helpful and the complimentary hot breakfast made the day. There is also free internet service in the lobby.The hotel's location within walking distance of the Seattle Center and Space Needle was ideal. Also, a bus stop opposite to the hotel , facilitated trips to the shopping area downtown. There are various ethnic restaurants in close proximity to the hotel which made for adventurous eating.  I would certainly recommend this hotel to any visitor to Seattle.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>wjameson1
<Content>Good place to stay The hotel is in a good location at the edge of downtown just a few blocks from the Space Needle and is near many good restaurants. There was not a problem with the construction near the hotel, but some band nerds staying in the hotel for a band competition kept us up one night. Hotel security snuffed them out pretty quickly. We enjoyed hot breakfast and the firplace in our room we.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	3	3	

<Author>mcmom
<Content>Basic, but clean and comfortable - just fine for a night We had a one bedroom suite + a very uncomfortable rollaway to accommodate our party of five (two BR not available that night) for a night before a cruise. A typical Hampton - nothing fancy, but clean and comfortable for a night. Easy walk to Space Needle and Duck Tours (we did and enjoyed both), about an $8 cab to Pike Place Market. Note most cabs here only hold 4 passengers, so larger parties need two. At $209/night, the price didn't feel like a bargain, but many hotels were sold out this date and substantially more expensive if available. The free breakfast makes it a better value, but with young kids the convenience is priceless. Front desk help was always pleasant and courteous, and despite a 24-hour advance notice policy for cancellations, they did not force us to pay for our room when we missed the first night due to a last minute problem with our flight. Only negative: halls smelled like smoke (but our room didn't). Also, be aware that suites are all located at far end of horseshoe shaped hotel...a very long walk from lobby if anyone in your party is elderly or handicapped.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	4	4	3	

<Author>jlcaj
<Content>Great fit for families and Space needle Booked a 2 bedroom suite with full kitchen. It had 1 double bed in each room with down/feather bedding, 2 full baths, 3 televisions w/ pay per view movies, fireplace, balcony between living room and 1 bedroom, dinette table,  kitchen has bare basics (2 pots, 2 mugs, 2 forks, etc). Layout is very much like an apartment, very comfortable and extremely clean and quiet. Only problem experienced was slight warmth in rooms in late afternoon, couldn't get cooling system functioning easily, opening windows cooled down rooms quickly. Parking is secure and we felt safe anytime of day/night. Use your hotel card key to open the gates and park. Access from garage to rooms is convenient.Breakfast downstairs is convenient, stocked, organized and fresh. It was never too crowded, could find clean tables, or bring food back to room. Tip: bring serving tray from room to carry plates back to room for dining.Location is safe and we experienced comfortable walking distance to attractions and amenities with 3 kids and strollers. 2 blocks to 'ride the ducks' amphibian tour (well worth the trip to tour entire city by land and water), 4 blocks to space needle, 1 block to 7-11 (they even have organic milk!) / tower music store. Tip: Dining at space needle for lunch is worth the experience, it includes admission to top. Lunch has $26 minimum, but that is the price of each meal anyway. Taking separate admission cost of $14, you have a 'gourmet' lunch of $12 each with drinks, not bad. We went midweek and had to wait 40 min for seating w/o reservations, so make your reservation in advance!Wished we hadn't eaten before embarking on Pike's Place - go with an empty tummy! Lots of cafes/shops/eateries/bakeries  wine tasting.We are 'food junkies' and drove from Bay Area to Seattle. If you do the same or want to make worthwhile stops in between, check out these local treats:. cupcakeroyale. snoqicecream. They served locally produced hazelnut oil at the space needle, delicious dipped with artisan breads: holmquisthazelnutsIn Oregon: deweysfrozencustardheavenonearthrestaurant - they have cinnamon buns the size of a bowling ball!Looks like most of the Seattle is under construction, literally. Most of Fisherman's wharf area is under construction or there are new construction projects popping up all over, monorail attraction is out of commission, inner city parks are under beautification projects, museum, etc.. Seattle should emerge in 2007 sparking new.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lauderdalebob
<Content>Just Great! Stayed there the night of May 19, 2006, and was really very, very surprised at how great the hotel turned out to be. Never stayed at a Hampton Inn before, but will certainly, highly, recommend this one to anyone staying in Seattle. Only there one night before getting on a cruise ship the following day, but we loved our stay. The staff couldn't have been any nicer to us. I did a lot of research before booking this and had read no negative comments about the place . . . now I see why. I booked this 5 months ago and got a great rate of $145 ($165 with taxes, etc.) for one of the two-bedroom suites. Had a full kitchen with dining area, 2 full bedrooms and 2 baths, a gas fireplace in the living room and a small patio off the living room. Both bathrooms were brand new and spotless, as was the kitchen. We were on the first floor so we had no partiulcar view, but going out onto the patio we could we some of the downtown skyline. Read comments about construction going on, and yes, it look lilke it still is. Must be taking them forever to put up the condo across the street, but we faced a side street (not the construction) and we were there on a Friday night and didn't hear any noise. A couple of pieces of furniture in the living room were a little worn and stained, but not horrendous, and that would be our only complaint. Far from a real complaint in my opinion for the great value and location. Someone posted somewhere that this was an iffy neighborhood. I don't know where that comes from since it's in the Queen Anne neighborhood fringe and only a few blocks from the Space Needle. Neighborhood looked just fine to me. Actually one I'd like to live in if I lived there. Well, I could go on and on, but I think you get the idea that we were very, very pleased by our choice and I think you will be too. Looking forward to going back and staying there again some day. Thanks Hampton Inn for getting our trip off to a great start!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>helencaswell
<Content>Very Pleased! We weren't sure what to expect, never having stayed at a Hampton Inn before, but we really liked it. Got the regular room (not a suite with kitchen etc). Great price- considering the wonderful bed and how convenient the location was to Space Needle and Experience Music Project. Go directly to their website for the best rate. The complimentary breakfast in the lobby had a nice variety. I was able to have whole wheat toast and fresh fruit salad instead of the hash browns, bisquits/gravy and pastries. Am glad that our room was on a higher floor. The ground level seemed very noisy with lots of kids running around.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hampton Inn - a good fit Stayed here for 2 weeks in March. Worse part was all the rain. No need for rental car if working in town. Hotel is next to major metro bus lines (3,4,16) just outside free zone ($1.50 a trip), and return bus drops you off 5 steps from the side entrance. I loved this hotel because I had a big suite with full kitchen - and it was quiet - until contruction out front on the parking garage starts at 7AM. Great restaurants very close by and a few blocks up at Queen Anne. Hotel is very clean and breakfast was actually better than your average Hampton. Hotel right by space needle and key arena. Jabu pub has good happy hour for microbrew - worth a taste!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>FernandoBee
<Content>Hampton Scores High Marks The rain did not dampen my spirits as this was my first trip to Seattle in 9 years. The Hampton Inn  Suites has my highest recommendation. The staff is professional, accommodating, friendly, and, overall, charming. The breakfast was always stocked and the service was efficient. The hot beverages were available ALL day long, and stocked. The room was very comfortable and the noise from the construction project across the street did not disturb me. Business center was fully functioning. The beds are comfortable. The rates are reasonable and the hotel is very close to the Space Needle and the Music Experience Project. Everything worked in the room and I was overall satisfied with the stay. When I return to Seattle, I will definitely return to the Hampton Inn  Suites. Well done!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mmissner
<Content>Great Hampton Inn Quality I have never stayed in a Hampton Inn where I was disappointed. YOu know exactly what you will get and there are hardly any surprises. When in doubt, I will always choose a Hampton Inn. We stayed in the Hampton Inn, downtown Seattle recently for three nights. The room was clean, nicely appointed, and quiet. The breakfast was great. (Why is it that the less expensive hotels always have breakfast with the room?) We could walk to the Needle and the Frank Gehry music building. The weather was not great so I am sure that if it had been nicer there were other great places to walk to. Parking was free.At night, the hot water seemed to run out. I mentioned this to the desk, and they gave us one night free!Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ammerammer
<Content>Really nice We had a large, comfortable, and roomy suite with a full kitchen. The bedroom did not have an air conditioner, but we found that the fan was sufficient at night even though it was unusually warm (for Seattle) when we were there. The breakfast was excellent. They also had bags of food for those who had to leave early. The business facility had computers and printers. When we arrived they were having a manager's bbq, so we had a full (free) dinner for the whole family. The hotel is large and somewhat confusing in its layout. The location is close to the Seattle Center. From there, the monorail gets you downtown quickly.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mcwell14
<Content>Great value I only stayed 1 night, but I found the Hampton Inn to be a an excellent value. It is not fancy, but it is clean. If you are in Seattle for a day or two and looking for clean inexpensive place to stay this will do. I paid 99 dollars for the night. If you are looking to stay somewhere a little more central, try the Inn at the Market. About 50 dollars more per night, but also a great value  
<Date>Nov 26, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>westcoast_canada
<Content>Clean and Comfortable We stayed at the Hampton Inn Seattle Downtown location for two nights following the Paul McCartney concert. The hotel itself was quiet nice as it is relatively new. The lobbby area is nice offering complementary coffee/ juice and cookies. The staff were exceptionally friendly and very cheerfull. The room was average but very clean with new furniture. A iron and board/ hairdryer and coffee making facilities were included in the room as well. One good thing I noticed was that each floor had its own laundry facilities. The main drawback was its location. It was great for walking to the Key areana and Seattle Centre which is where the Space Needle is but if you wanted to go shopping downtown or find a decent place to eat you had to drive a long ways. The hotel is not really in the downtown area. It is still at least a 15 minute drive to Pioneer Square and to shopping in the downtown retail district. The hotel is almost like its located in a residential type area. The free continental breakfast was excellent and really looked forward to it every morning. I would reccommend this property to anyone who is visiting the city to see a concert at the Key Arena as it is only a 5 minute walk there. For those planning to shop downtown and enjoy the nightlife I would reccommend you stay closer to the downtown city centre.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fenwayman
<Content>Not bad for a couple of days Typical Hampton Inn, which means clean, efficient, and relatively inexpensive. Stayed one night at this hotel and found the staff very friendly. Although I booked a single room I was upgraded to a suite with two bedrooms and a kitchen, and a terrace that overlooked a gas station. The upgrade and interiors were very nice.The breakfast was good and available early. I was disappointed to discover that this is not really a downtown hotel. It's about a mile from downtown, but there are city buses that will take you to downtown. It's not in the action but it's not isolated, and there are restaurants, convenience stores, and sites to see nearby.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Braindrain
<Content>You get what you pay for I stayed here over a weekend in a 2 bedroom suite. The entire structure is wooden and built in a U shape. Overall, it does look fairly new or at least recently renovated. The beds, though, were not comfortable and the blanket was extremely thin. Yes, I've been spoiled by the Hilton and Starwood beds. Although Hampton Inn is part of the Hilton chain, it certainly doesn't use the same bed. The free parking, high speed internet (RJ45 cable included), and breakfast were definitely assets. The downtown hotels generally charge $24-26/night for valet parking. Although I think the Residence Inn (Marriott) has better breakfasts, there were 2 hot entrees at the Hampton. One day I had sausage and waffles, the other day I had eggs and some kind of sausage gravy. In addition, there were bagels, muffins, fresh fruit, cereal, and yogurt.The weekend I was there was extremely busy. I think that's great for the hotel. However, due to the wooden structure, the noise was ridiculous. I could hear people shuffling around at 1:30 am and the people shouting in the streets certainly didn't help. To top it off, my bedroom was supposedly one of the quieter ones facing the inner courtyard.Ok, so why did I stay here? After searching through multiple hotels in the city, the Hampton Inn was the only one which advertised 2 queen beds. Since it was offered in their 2 bedroom suite only, I was willing to pay substantially more for it. Problem is, at check-in, I was advised 2 queen beds don't exist and all of the suites had a full and a twin. After I complained about this at check-out, it was resolved to my satisfaction. I have to give them kudos for that.Although the suites are substantially more money, the normal room rates at the Hampton are quite reasonable and serve its demographic well. However, I will not be returning to this hotel. The monorail is NOT one block away as another poster states and the location is in an undesirable part of Seattle.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great value Hotel was clean and beds were REALLY comfy. Breakfast was great...... wonderful fruit salad. The breakie was constantly replenished. Staff was super friendly. It's only a block from the monorail and then an easy walk to Pike Market from the end of the monorail track. Only drawback was that it was noisy at night with street traffic so ask for a room on the inside rather than street side.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SFWorld
<Content>What you expect (and a bit more)   showReview(3916170, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>TravelerinPDX
<Content>Terrific!   showReview(3690640, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yepperz
<Content>Good Stay, But Not Really 'Downtown'   showReview(3348245, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ligby
<Content>Great View!   showReview(3243306, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great budget hotel   showReview(1871432, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ohiodude
<Content>Great place to stay   showReview(1768925, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice hotel   showReview(1663057, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyable stay   showReview(1513363, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 12, 2003
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel to stay!   showReview(913049, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Skyliner2
<Content>Downtown ist woanders   showReview(18798299, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	4	3	4	4	

