<Author>CAFamilyRvwr
<Content>Great views, comfy hotel, ultra-convenient to airport The best part of this hotel is the views--either of the bay and the city of Boston, or (just as intriguing to some) over Boston Logan airport, so you can watch planes take off, land, and overall airport operations. The views are great, and provide a great diversion or relief from business meetings during the day or down-time relaxation during the evening.Another great part of the hotel is it's convenient location to the airport. From stepping off the plane to getting into my room, it took 20 minutes with the free hotel shuttle. There is a water taxi service from the hotel to Boston. And even though it's an airport hotel, it's a comfortable experience, no annoying noise from the airport (even in a room that faces the airport), and wonderfully upscale.This hotel was selected and paid for by an organization that held a meeting there, so I can't comment on value. Staff could have been a bit more responsive in accommodating a late checkout request. But overall, it was a great stay, and much better than expectations for an airport hotel.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	-1	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>mystic100
<Content>Nice views but shame about the quality Having arrived tired from long days travel all started well with the free shuttle bus arriving promptly, and a friendly driver assisting with our luggage. A short drive and we were there.Rooms at the back of the hotel have great views of the Boston Skyline and harbour but considering the amount of time spent in your room is it really worth the extra $80 per night?Rooms on the higher floors at the front whilst not having such good views do offer an interesting view of half the airport with most runways visable - yet there was no disturbance from airport noises. Better value for $80 less - you bet!Rooms are of a good size and are very comfortable.However given we had to change rooms on two ocassions during a two night stay it is diffcult to recommend this hotel - specially at the premium prices charged.On the first morning we woke to find a two foot square of the entrance carpet saturated in water from an unknown source. The maintainance staff couldn't locate the problem. The drying equipment didn't work and they were unable to get a replacement. To be fair the front desk attended very promptly and offered a free upgrade to a room with a harbour view.The next room we were put in had a broken TV and two inch nails sticking out of a three foot section of skirting board so required a further move.With a relatively captive audience the meals in the hotel carry an expected premium. Again to be fair the quality was very good, but both the breakfast and the evening meals we had turned out to be the most expensive (by a considerable margin) we had during our entire 3 weeks in New England!Transportation to downtown has already ben covered in other reviewsIn summary - Yes the harbour view is excellent and the rooms (when you find one without a problem) are nice but would we stay here again - almost certainly not, particularly given the price.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>kea2101
<Content>Watch for FEES! I did not even have to stay at this hotel to receive a poor impression. I was charged a $25 fee to cancel my reservation 6 weeks in advance. I am told it is a Hyatt policy and after 7 phone calls have not been able to get the fee waived. This is not standard practice to charge to cancel a reservation well in advance, and I am fighting back! I will never make a reservation at a Hyatt hotel again and I am telling everyone I can about this unfair hidden fee policy.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>J2S2
<Content>Convienent and fun!       Room Decor  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ashavor
<Content>Fantastic Hotel, Average Staff I stayed in Hyatt one night whilst on a business trip. I used their free shuttle from the aiport, it is a nice shuttle but makes so many stops, I was on the thing for over a half hour for a hotel that is 3 miles from the airport. Had I known this, I would have taken a cab. I found it very annoying after a long flight.First of all the hotel itself is lovely. As you walk in, there is a fantastic view, across the water, of Boston. All the public areas are decorated to a high standard, lots of seating with great views, nice bars and restaurants, etc.My room was very large and newly decorated. King sized bed with lots of pillows, large work space with WIFI, sofa with leather ottomans, new carpet. The bathroom was nice, but it was obvious when they remodelled it, they left the old tub  tiles, so they looked dated and out of place. Overall I would give the room high marks.Surprisingly what lets the hotel down is the staff. They do not offer the levels of service and attitude for a hotel of this standard. A few examples: The front desk did not even welcome me, they just asked for my name,asked for a credit card and pointed to where the elevators were. They did not even tell me the room number. No one asked if they could help with my bags (single woman travelling alone with 2 bags, 1 huge) . Once I got to the hotel room (around 6:30 pm) A group of housekeepers was cleaning (?) a room across from mine. Actually there was one person in the room and the others were in the hall chatting but keeping it loud enough that the one in the room could hear and participate. After about 15 min, I popped my head out the door and just looked at them. I thought that would be enough for them to get the message. I was wrong, after about another 15 minutes, I opened the door and gave them the SHHH sign (they didn't speak English) and they just looked at me and continued on with their loud chatting. I thought this was extremely rude. The only reason it stopped, was the room was finished and they moved on to annoy someone else.I would stay here again, but I would not look forward to it as I usually do when I stay in hotels of this standard.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	2	5	

<Author>andyman88
<Content>Boston Hyatt Stayed at the HYatt recently near the airport. Its a nice location but BEWARE the onsite parking is 32.00 per day over night. They convienently' failed to mention this when we made our reservation. YOu can park nearby at the airport parking lot overnight for only 18.00 a day and use the Hyatt free shuttle to get back and forth! The views are amazing and the pool and hottub area is nice and well kept. Room service and restaurant charges are absurd ie: 25.00 for breakfast and 26.00 for a waffle thru room service so better to eat elsewhere if you dont want to get hosed. Rooms are spacious, modern and clean but the shower had moldy looking stuff in the grouts as did a wall vent  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lotzsan
<Content>Fab location but don't expect to sleep! We booked this hotel for our last night as we had a 9am flight back to UK. Wonderful room, location and excellent service but we only managed to get two hours sleep. The problem is that the room doors do not have any pressure closing hinges, and therefore slam very loudly. In fact, no matter where along the corridor you are, you can still feel the vibration and hear the noise from one end to the other. To make it worse, there was a function on at the hotel as it was Friday night, so people were going in and out of rooms down to the ice machine till 2am. Between 11pm and 2am we counted 24 slamming doors - each time you felt you were finally nodding off....SLAM - wide awake again! Then, at 4am - SLAM - people were leaving for early flights - although we love the Americans, they are very noisy and shouted from one end of the corridor to the other as well as letting the doors slam. We gave up at 5am and went to the airport to catch up on some sleep! Wouldn't stay there again which is a shame because the hotel is stunning.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>SEG1Wales
<Content>Pricey. Stayed here for 6 nights as part of a 2 week vacation in the USA.We chose this hotel as we were hiring a car and were uncertain about the parking in downtown Boston.Parking at 32 dollars / day was, we felt very expensive especially as we were staying at the hotel for a week-no reduction.Hotel itself was pleasant with clean and nicely decorated rooms.Toiletries and fresh towels were provided daily.We had interconnecting harbourview rooms with lovely views of Boston harbour.Hotel however very inconvenient to downtown Boston-either an expensive water taxi fare or a free shuttle bus service to the T terminal,stopping at all the airline terminals on route!.We ate on our last night at the hotel s restautant - O.K. but would not rave about the food.This hotel as previously mentioned hosts many weddings.On our last night,we were kept awake for 3 hours by a very noisy wedding party-loud music,drinking,talking,laughing etc which was continuing in the room next door to ours (1a.m.-4a.m.).We did not appreciate this as we had a 5 a.m.start the next day and 3 young children in bed-aged 9,8 and 5 years.This is not something we expected in an airport hotel with people arriving and leaving at all hours of the day and night.We did complain to reception at the time about the matter and the general manager was sent to the room next door to sort things out.My husband overheard the conversation and on opening our bedroom door saw the occupant next door handing the manager money and asking him to FIX IT for them to carry on with the party.( MONEY ACCEPTED).Following my husband s protest re early start, young children in the room etc,the party was moved to a room further along the corridor !!!!!.Again this is not something you would expect nor is acceptable in such a hotel.It spoilt our stay.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>gonzaleyes
<Content>DIFFERENT VIEW OF BOSTON Stayed at the Hyatt 4 nights. Not sure if it's a 4 star, but it's close. Let's go 3-1/2 to be safe. Room was comfortable, clean and fairly large. Bed and pillows were super! Bathroom was OK...clean but in need of an update and re-grouting. Has a business center but WOW..crazy expensive. Great views both sides. Fun glass elevator. Really close to the Airport with free shuttle which is nice if you have an early or late flight. In hind sight I would have spent my last day there for the convenience of the airport but in town the rest of my stay. There is NOTHING around the hotel. The water taxi into town is spendy everyday. $17 (plus tip) round trip so you kind of have to add that on to you nightly stay. And if you have to do it twice it's a bummer. The Harborside Grill at the hotel is good but pretty spendy as well. Although it has a great kids menu and the adult portions are huge. You can share a meal easily. All in all it was a pleasent experience and would absolutly stay there again.... especially on my last night in Boston.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	2	4	4	3	1	

<Author>IRISHGIRL767
<Content>Pretty hotel, walls like paper and expensive to eat at! Ok, Our family likes to go to Boston for a weekend before school starts. Last year we stayed in Framingham and drove in. This year I wanted to stay closer. Hotel rates are insane in the city and all they had were rooms with 1 bed (king or Qn). We had 3 people. This was the only hotel I found in the area I wanted, that had 2 beds in a room. We booked it with AAA rate of $215/night not a bad rate. (good thing) But we had to pay $32/night to park in their large parking lot (bad thing). It was pouring raining when we got in Friday night so instead of walking around the city in the rain, we ate at the Harborview Grille. WAAAAYYYY Expensive! almost ridiculous. Even tho the food was good. It wasn't THAT good.There was a wedding both fri and sat night. No big deal, except on Fri night ..er sat morn 4am. This woman, who I assume was drunk, tried opening our room door not once, but twice til she figured out she was in the NEXT room. (woke us all up) The walls are made of paper. You can hear every noise in the hall. I was surprised. But when this woman made it into her room she was on her cell phone. yes at 4 in the morning talking to a guy. I know this because she had him on speakerphone and I could hear their conversation as tho they were at the foot of my bed. After 1/2 hr of this I got up and was ready to go bang on her door, but then it got quite in there. (that sucked)The rooms are big and spacious, we had a harborview room. The view was awesome. The bathroom was large, the shower stall I thought could have been updated for a HYATT. The beds are not as comfortable as the website claims...but they were also DOUBLES. I haven't seen a double bed in about 25yrs. I had to sleep with my 10yr old daughter and we barely had enough room. I did not sleep well there. And there was definately enough room for 2 Queens. It was extremely convienent to have the water taxis right behind the hotel. That's how we got back and forth to Downtown. $17/person roundtrip..kids under 12 ride free.Now...back to the Harborview Grille. On the last day we decided to eat breakfast there instead of grabbing something quick in the city. And even tho it was expensive...It was very good. Buffet breakfast was $25/adults...$12/kids. I had the best omelet I've ever had. And our waitress was great. She actually saved us $4 on my daughters breakfast. We're like applebee's, outback kinda people so I'd say the restaurant was a bit high end for us. There is a pool, sauna and work out room. None of which we used. But we checked it out. The staff in general was very friendly.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>seattle2005seattle
<Content>Decent hotel We paid $167 (with taxes) on Priceline for one night at the Hyatt Harborside. We were given a room opposite the harbor on the 14th floor which faced the airport. We actually enjoyed watching the planes take off and land and the windows were completely sound proof.We ate dinner at their restuarant (Harborside Grill). We were given a table at the window that had a gorgeous view of the harbor. The food was a bit expensive but very good.The room itself was pretty standard for a 4-star hotel--a big, comfortable bed with nice linens.Our only complaints would be that there was no safe, no mini-fridge, no free internet, and it took the airport shuttle bus about 35 minutes to show up at the airport to pick us up after we called.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	3	-1	2	

<Author>janeenee
<Content>Nice view from the west side Stayed overnight for a wedding which was held on sight in a tent on the south lawn (reception). The view from the outdoors and west side is fabulous. I found the front desk and concierge friendly and helpful. Agree with some prior reviews about some things lacking in the room: no safe, no book with a list of amenities, no paper or pens and for our eastside room a room darkening shade is needed (after a night of partying I didn't need the rising sun in my eyes at 6am)Disagree with some other reviews on cleanliness and the comfort of the bed, I thought both were up to par.A good place for an event, perhaps a little pricy just for a layover, I paid $179 and that was a discounted event price with a view of the airport.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>mountainmary
<Content>OK, Hilton Airport was better Well, I did get a good deal on Priceline. Arrived very late after a Red Sox game and dinner and check in was easy and upgraded to a HarborView Room. View was gorgeous. The room however was just OK. Bathroom had a couple of long black hairs in the shower and was basic. Beds were not that comfortable and old TV set. Wanted breakfast in the AM but $18 for eggs and $9 for coffee - you've got to be kidding me, $60 for basic breakfast for 2?? If staying in the area again would definitely go back to the Hilton, awesome beds, rooms and falt screen TV.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>casalinda
<Content>A Good Place to Stay This is a good hotel located at Logan Airport. However, you should only stay at this hotel if you are flying out the next day. It is too expensive to take a taxi back and forth into Boston.The hotel is good and the staff is wonderful. I can't fault the service. However, there are some annoying problems. First, there are no safes in the rooms. Even lower rated hotels have in-room safes. Second, the housekeeping is a hit and miss thing. Sometimes there are no wash clothes, other times no face towels. Sometimes there is no shampoo, other times no conditioner or bath soap. It is as if there is no check list of what should be in the bathroom. I know these are small problems but they can be annoying when you arrive late at night and are tired.The view from the harbor rooms are spectacular. It is worth the extra money to have that view. The restaurants are expensive but good. Room service is prompt and really expensive. One problem the hotel does have , is the noise in the hallways. Doors are constantly slamming, dogs bark all the time and kids run up and down the halls. I know the hotel can't control this but it does make sleeping difficult. I would stay here again if I were flying in and out of Boston, but one night is enough. This is not a hotel for a long term stay. Too far from the city of Boston and all its atractions.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>jmwlaw
<Content>Grotty to the Max!!!       Mold in the bathrom  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>phil1669
<Content>Great views Great views, it is well worth paying the extra for a harbourside view, The terrace is a lovely place to sit and eat dinner as you look out over the bay to down town Boston. Water taxis are frequent and cost $10 one way or $17.50n return. If you are coming back late a normal taxis is about $25 from downtown.Food served was not al acarte but resonable for the price. Strangely there was no information pack in the room regarding the facilities offered in the hotel. Is great for couple of days either at the begining or end of a holiday. For a longer stay, perhaps a downtown hotel would be easier.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>PotterMoose
<Content>Very convenient and great views       The view of Boston from our room  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>Lombard955
<Content>My place to stay at Logan! I'm originally from Boston and have stayed at many of the Logan hotels due to early and/or late flights. The Hyatt is definitely the best of the bunch. As many of the other reviews mention, the views are excellent. This past time I had a view of the runway, and its really cool (and quiet). Who would believe that?My only complaint is the parking fee. $32 a night? I still had my rental car, and was looking forward to leaving my huge suitcase in there, and pulling out only what I needed, and returning the car in the morning. $32 seemed a bit steep for the 6 hours that I was going to be there, so I had to return the car to Hertz, take a Hertz shuttle to terminal A, and then the Hyatt shuttle. It was after midnight, so I didn't have my wits about me, but what I should have done was call the Hyatt for a pick up at Hertz.The best part is that I always make my reservation for this through Priceline, and get great deals. If you need to be at Logan, I would highly recommend this hotel. Heck, I would recommend it to tourists as well, as long as you don't mind being a bit out of the way.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>ljn_uk
<Content>One night at Hyatt harborside Stayed one night (friday) at Hyatt harborside as we had a transatlantic flight to catch at 9am. We check in during the early afternoon with the plan to spend the afternoon /early evening in Boston. Our plan worked well, and is worth considering for those with a morning flight out of Logan.No queue to check in on arrival, left luggage with bellman  headed up to the room - luggage was delivered within 10 mins. Our room on 9th floor, had a fantastic Harbor view - so good you could take a photo from the room!!.Room had 2 Queen beds, medium to firm matress, with good quality linens, room was decorated in a modern style. Armchair by window, ipod docking station, bathroom with tub  shower but no bathrobes. Toiletries were basic - I have to admit though am not a fan of the hyatts portico toiletries. Room was clean but not overly large. Glasses  ice bucket provided (ice machine on each floor). NO aiport noise whatsoever from the room, but you can hear noise from the corridor - lucky for us we had quiet neighbours!!The lift is fun - you get a waterview as you travel up  down!!There is a nice patio area outside where you can dine or have a drink with a great view (at night the staff light candles  lanterns  its quite lovely) - but the indoor bar area was a dissapointment, not inviting  not a place to linger. Staff seemed overstreched but remained polite. Food was good but not great, Calamari appitizer was very large (enough for 2) and tasty.The water taxi is available just outside the hotel - be sure to use the walkie talkie to call for a taxi as they appear to wait offshore rather than at the dock. We used the service to get to Boston  it was a fun experience. Taxi service runs till 10pm, so you do not have to dine at the hotel restaurant.Although hotel was busy the pool/gym was empty, we used both. Lockers/towels provided  water, cool towels  apples were available. Pool is saltwater  affords you a view of the harbor whilst you swim The jacuzzi was very hot. There is also a sauna which we did not use - With the heatwave Boston was expereincing we were hot enough!!.Early morning bellstaff came for luggage  we had a short wait for one of the two (free) shuttles to the airport.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>chrisncraz
<Content>Excellent Hotel       Chair  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sc00p
<Content>Very nice but be prepared to pay for almost everything I booked this hotel from its website and secured a AAA discount rate of $120/night that included the buffet breakfast for two for three nights. Check-in was quick and easy. Every staff member encountered was pleasant and helpful. The pros of the hotel are the view, the staff, and the cleanliness. The cons are the outrageous prices they charge for some services and the fact that a charge exists for other services. For example, parking overnight for guests is $32, and prices at the restaurant are unreal - if I remember correctly $16 for a plate of pancakes??? A glass of house wine $9. Internet access is not free. The cost is $9.95 /day or if using the hotel business center $ .50 a minute. Dialing 800 numbers has a fee as well. The hotel is isolated which doesn't help. The harbor side view rooms (odd numbered) are nice. I stayed on the 14th floor and had a great view. The room was clean, smelled good, and was a pretty nice size. I agree with another reviewer that you can clearly hear doors slamming and people talking in the hall. Housekeeping knocked on the door sometimes during the 8AM hour which seemed a little early. USA Today is delivered at the door and other papers can be purchased from the hotel store. I did not see the WSJ. The breakfast buffet is nice and includes eggs, bacon, potatoes, cereals, fruits, pastries, and juices as well as made to order omelets and Belgium waffles. Overall, I recommend this hotel and the staff strives to make your stay enjoyable. Just remember that a fee is associated with most amenities except for the shuttle.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>n6877
<Content>A+ this hotel is literally at the end of a runway at boston logan airport HOWEVER you can not hear any airplane noise!!!! Great views of boston harbor and downtown boston. there should be more places like this out there!!  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>AmateurPhototourist
<Content>One Night Works       View of Boston from the Hotel  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>TravelingASAP
<Content>Great Airport Hotel We enjoyed our stay at this Hyatt. My husband was attending a conference so I tagged along.The rooms are clean, beds comfy and great shower pressure in the bathroom. Our room on the 9th floor faced west with a gorgeous view of Boston harbor. The room was very quiet being so close to the airport also.The only downside is that this hotel is located in an area that is a little isolated. There aren't any restaurants or food places within walking distance, so the only option is the Hyatt resaturant. The prices are high as expected at a hotel restaurant-breakfast was $18 for eggs and toast.The positives-the hotel will take you to the T anytime to catch the subway to the city of Boston. It's easy and cheap. Buy a Charlie Day Pass and enjoy walking Boston.The staff is wonderful. Any concerns or questions are immediately addressed. Great hotel, would stay here again!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>kjfiliault
<Content>Very Nice Very Beautiful View of the Water and City , very nice comfy bed and wonderful service.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Surrey_Travel_Monkey
<Content>What a view!! If you visiting Boston, stay here!! I travelled to Boston with my Girlfriend and another couple. We were only staying one night and went online to find a suitable hotel. All the city centre hotels were very expensive but we found this one out by the airport and after checking the map we figured it should be do-able.When booking we found that the Harbour view rooms were on a special rate and decided to go with that. Best descision of the holiday!We drove up to the entrance unpacked the cases from the boot of the car and walked through the front door. WOW!!! on the far side of the lobby is a massive wall of glass looking directly across the harbour to the city. We got a room on the 9th floor and rushed up there to check the view again. Amazing. Boston looks fantastic across the water, even better than Manhatten Island. At night the view became magical.travelling into the city was fun and easy. On our way in we chose to catch the harbour taxi on the jetty outside the hotel. $10 gets you into the city and takes about 5/10 mins. As this service finishes at around 10pm we took the subway back to the airport and from there you call the hotel for the free shuttle. It was so easy if I go back to boston I'm staying there again.Having visited many hotels on business this one was all I would expect from a 4 star hotel. It was clean, well presented and the staff were friendly and helpful.If you staying in boston, stay here!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	5	3	3	

<Author>mozart1888
<Content>excellent service We just stayed for a night after arriving late to the airport, but staff was so friendly and helpfull that really marked us.Excellent breakfast, again with nice waiters.Will come back when we return to Boston.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Capeshmitty
<Content>Paper thin walls gave us no rest Booked on Priceline for a very reasonable $99 plus taxes. Upon arriving we thought it would be a perfect overnight experience. As the hotel lobby was nice and it was away from the hustle of the airport despite the location near it. We were very tired from a day of traveling with 2 young children. My husband ordered take out from the restaurant which was WAY overpriced for what they served ($35 + per entree) and the entree came with nothing else. What do they think they are??? Capital Grille? I mean it's an airport hotel so we definitely felt like they were taking advantage of the in house guests. The room walls were paper thin. We heard the woman next door with her TV blasting, then on the phone. We heard her entire conversation and she wasn't really that loud. If she coughed, we heard it. Not exactly the kind of insulation I'd expect from an airport hotel. The staff did respond to our pleas of help only after my husband got out of bed and went to the desk. They did not answer our initial phone calls. Needless to say, we left more tired than rested. If you are just looking for convenience and not a place to eat or rest, the Hyatt Harborside is your place.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>Sylvainautourdumonde
<Content>Wonderful airport hotel The Hyatt Harbourside is located near the airport and offer a wonderful view of Boston's skyline or of the airport. In either case, it's a fantastic view. There is a free and very efficient shuttle service from/to the airport.The lobby offer a great view of the city's skyline. The check-in was courteous and quick, but not more (not especially friendly). I received the room type I had reserved (Sheraton doesn't always do that). At check in I requested to receive the Wall Street Journal instead of the content free (!) USA Today. I was told no problem. But of course the next day I received the USA Today. When I went back to front desk to ask for a WSJ, they told me that they don't carry it at all in the hotel, except at the gift shop !Room was spacious, clean and very well decorated. Bed was confortable. The view of the airport was fantastic and strangely enough no noise from airport was heard in the room.The meeting facilities are modern and confortable, but Intenet access that you buy in the room doesn't work in the meeting room ! Very disappointing.Of course, in term of location you have to be aware that there is nothing around since you are on airport ground. The easy solution is to go downtown using water taxi (17$ round trip).So a very nice, modern, confortable and up-to-the-standard hotel, but with a few minor glitches. The Intenet one though is hard to swallow.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>Knows
<Content>Wish I had known it was there sooner This hotel is hidden from view when you drive into the airport. I have stayed at the Hilton, Embassy Suites, Hampton Inn, Courtyard Marriott and Holiday Inn. No more.The Hyatt has the best view of the city! Across the water, a perfect view. If we were there longer, a water taxi could have taken us across the water to the New England aquarium. The room was fine. Fresh and clean. We ordered off the room service menu. The kids didn't like the pizza, which wasn't the greatest, but I had the tuna sandwich and it surprised me. It was wonderful.The price of the hotel was very reasonable, at $189/ night. Shuttle to the airport was prompt. All staff I came in contact with were polite and more than willing to help.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bully1959Canaries
<Content>Fantastic Location Excellent hotel second stay here. It's got everything without being in the centre of town. But is only a water taxi or norma ltaxi away from town. Great views over the harbour. Great food and facilities ofr the kids.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>marieatta_pman
<Content>very friendly staff - isolated location The staff at this particular location was incredibly freindly. From teh guy who drove the shuttle from the airport, to the front desk, even just the staff walking around. My wife and i were walking towards the elevators, and a staff member was coming the other way, turned around, walked back the way she came just to push the button on the elevator for us. Everyone said hi, just a very friendly staff.Great views of the harbor, but you got the same views from teh lobby or on the elvator ride up, so i am not sure it is worth teh extra money. the guy at the front desk offered the harborside view for the same rate if i took the 2 doubles instead of the king, but I had a 2 year old who much prefered watching the planes at the airport anyway.Very easy to get to from the airport, shuttle was there right away.You dont even need their shuttle if you dont want to wait because the airport shuttles go to the water taxi station/boat dock right next door anyway.The hotel is somewhat isolated for tourists. There is no other food except the hotel and the airport close by, and most of the airport concessions are through security checkpoints. The food a the hotel i found to be very expensive (although i am admittedly a budget traveler), but the breakfast buffet was $25!To get to the city, the water taxi is right outside, but kind of expensive (34$ round trip). The hotel or airport shuttle will take you to the blue line subway, or the silver line picks up at all terminals (terminal A is only a 5 minute walk from the hotel - all sidewalk + safe)  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>amieckow
<Content>Great airport hotel with free shuttle to subway! I recently had to go back to Boston to visit a family member. As my flight was scheduled to depart Boston at 5:30 Saturday morning, I decided to book an airport hotel on priceline. I got a fabulous deal and, while I didn't get a harbor view room, I was still quite pleased with the room I did get. The airport view was nice and the room was super quiet! The bathroom was a little on the small side, but nothing unmanageable. I used the free shuttle provided by the hotel to go to the T station on Friday night and to the airport on Saturday morning. Both times it was ready almost as soon as I was and transport was quick, efficient and friendly.The only minor negative is that there was NOWHERE to get food (not even room service!) before I had to leave the hotel and get to the airport. But, I suppose it is slightly understandable, as it was quite early. Nonetheless, being an airport hotel, I would expect them to be used to, and cater to, the odd schedules that airline passengers are often forced to endure. Other than that small point, I loved the hotel and wouldn't hesitate to stay there again!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>love6kies
<Content>For Budget Travelers, Bring Your Own Bottled Water!       VIEW FROM 1221  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bmillan
<Content>Most Beautiful View In Boston       View from my room  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>SP103
<Content>Checked out after 4 hours. Ok. So in fairness, I will give positives first. The view from the room was amazing. I only paid $99 for a Harborside room view via the E-Hyatt deals. Also, The night manager was extremely nice when we left. She handled us leaving a bag in the room and forgetting our keys and while the valet was on a break got our car brought around. We didn't even bother checking out officially. The video check-out wasn't working, and we weren't in the mood to deal with anyone at that point. I reserved a room, City/Ocean King view with the E-Hyatt deals program. I called the hotel and specifically asked if any of the rooms facing the city were smoking rooms. I was told yes, no problem. When we arrived, I was told we don't have any smoking rooms facing the harbor. I was immediately angered. I took the N/S room facing the harbor because thats the reason me and my fiancee came here. On the TV, No NESN or Fox.Comcast channels (Bruins, Red Sox, Celtics). When we entered, we found the bathroom was covered in black hairs on the walls, shower and floor. Even though the clerk at check in stated it was a Non smoking room, the room next door smelled like cigarettes and cigars. What hotel seriously allows smoking rooms next to non-smoking rooms? Because our room was non-smoking, a nice little note was left stating a $250 charge would be assessed if we smoked in the room. We could smell the other smoke from the neighbors. We had to go down 4 flights and to the front to smoke because we were afraid of our $99 turning into over a $400 night. We watched a movie, and decided at 11PM to order room service. Closed. What four star hotel closes room service at 11 PM, especially if it's in the middle of nowhere when the airport restaurants close. We had enough of enduring having to smoke outside when I specifically reserved a Harborview smoking room and a dirty room. We attempted to make coffee for the ride home, and their was 1 coffee packet. Room service coffee in the morning would of been $10 for a small pot (we didn;t make it to the AM hours).I am usually generous in my reviews here on tripadvisor, and this is the worst place I've ever stayed at. If your stuck at the airport, go to the Hilton. Yea, I'm going to complain to Hyatt Corporate. If they can guarantee non-smoking rooms, they should do the opposite for us smokers. Period.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>nino001
<Content>Views Don't Equal Bad Dining We stayed one night at this Hyatt after flying into Boston for Thanksgiving. We found our high floor view room to be usual high Hyatt quality, offering outstanding views of Boston Harbor. All the usual amenities which have made me a longtime Hyatt Gold Passport member were in place. The restaurant however left a lot be desired, really dampening what would otherwise be a better review. Both times we ate there (dinner, breakfast) service was spotty, items listed on the menu were not available and substitutes offered didn't meet our expectations. If we weren't so tired from flying across country we would have eaten out.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>kimmah73
<Content>Loved our visit!!! We had an awesome time at the Hyatt!! The service was great, the rooms were clean  the food was good. We especially were impressed with the Concierges who gave us super advice  helped us get all around Boston. Everyone was friendly  helpful.We also had a Harborside room which offered many beautiful views.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Utefan11
<Content>Nice but too pricey If you stay there be sure to get a room that overlooks the harbor the view cant be beat. The food prices were way to high is my only complaint. They were high even for hotels I thought. Just seems wrong to pay $20 for an breakfast for one person. Also for the price you would think they would have a fridge in the room.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ajlangford
<Content>Loved the hotel We stayed only one night at this hotel. We had a room on the 9th floor overlooking the harbor. What a beautiful view! We got into town around 1230 and figured it would be too early to check in. we called and talked to someone at the front desk and he said there were some rooms available and we could try and get one of those on a first come first serve basis. He also said if our room was ready we could have that one. We were in luck our room was ready and we checked before 1pm. We had parked in the pay lot not knowing if we would be able to get in. It is expensive! $10 for the first hour alone. We were getting rid of our rental car and were going to pay for our ticket. we were in the lot less than an hour and expected to pay the fee. The Concierge waived the fee which was super nice of them to do. Our room was really nice. My only complaint was the room was stocked with only one washcloth...which was weird. The water taxi area is right behind the hotel which was nice. ALso we had no issues with the shuttle in the Am. We waited about 10 mintues for the shuttle to take us to the airport. All in all it was a nice place. I might think differently though if I was going on vacation there because of its distance from downtown Boston.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>francis54
<Content>Beautiful Hotel  Spent two nights. Hotel sits about a mile from terminals at Logan. It's a fabulous setting overlooking Boston Harbor, with pristine rooms, great bedding and wonderful health club  pool. Only one shortfall - the free hotel shuttle service from the airport or after visiting the city. You could wait for an hour... The shuttle that takes you to the airport or the T-Station is much more on-time. I'm guessing they need to run an additional vehicle...One suggestion I learned about the shuttle - if visiting or touring the city, have the driver deliver you directly to the airport T-station (blue line) and get a card from him that includes a phone number you can call for pick-up at the same T-Station upon your return. Or, upon your return to the Airport T-Station after touring, look for the free Logan Airport Shuttle marked Boat Dock - it will take you directly to the Water Taxi station that sits beside the Hyatt Harborside...Would I stay here again - Absolutely! Especially @ $99 through the Hyatt website.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jc250ex
<Content>terrible service and way too expensive If you鈥檙e looking to spend a night in Boston I do not recommend the Hyatt at the airport. The hotel itself is very nice, with a painted ceiling over the front desk and very modern style rooms; however it鈥檚 not the rooms that make the hotel it鈥檚 the service and the prices/location. On the bus ride to the hotel from the airport I asked the bus driver where the nearest liqueur store was (sorry but I鈥檓 not paying $8 for a cheap beer), for some reason he looked at me like I was some kind of scum bag alcoholic. He replied in a nasty voice I DON'T LIVE AROUND HERE I WOULDNT KNOW, AND YOU CANT BRING ALCOHOL INTO THE HOTEL! DOES THAT ANSWER YOUR QUESTION?. I also caught attitude from the freakin' bell boy that night. After all that i was walking around with my fists in the air. I couldn鈥檛 believe it, I mean super 8 would treat me better (it would be a hell of alot cheaper too). So for some reason you don't take my advice and stay there, just hear this warning, eat at the airport before you go to the hotel because there is NOTHING around it, and a $14 sandwich at the hotel fits in the palm of your hand, don't get thirsty cause beer starts at 7 bucks.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	5	2	5	3	1	2	

<Author>amieo
<Content>Yummy View. The shuttle driver and people working at the front desk were very friendly. The room smelled great when we first entered and everything seemed clean and new. The ninth floor view of the water was amazing and was only $20 more than the view of the airport. We asked for a late checkout ( 1 pm) and the maid knocked on the door at 8:30 and again at 12:00 asking when we were going to leave. Some of our neighbors were banging their door throughout the night but otherwise seemed quiet.This is an airport hotel so there wasn't anything around; there is a hotel restaurant but it seemed rather expensive. The water taxi is very close if you want to go downtown.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>govs99
<Content>Loud Halls I stayed at the Hyatt Harborside with my wife recently. Having frequented the other two major airport hotels (Hilton and Embassy Suites) I was quite disappointed with the Hyatt. The staff was great, as was the room decor and the pool area. This all could not make up for the noise of the building during the night. The walls in this hotel are very thin and you can hear quite a bit of what I would consider normal noise from your neighbors. Also, whenever a door in the hallway closes, it echoed throughout your room. The views from this hotel are spectacular. For airplane enthusiasts the even numbered side of the hallway views the runways at Logan, while the odd side has a view of the Boston skyline and harbor. These views are quite a waste because of the hall noise. We did not park, however the daily rate was in excess of 30 USD per day. Other than the spectacular views, everything this hotel offers can be found at the Hilton or Embassy Suites usually at a similar or even lower cost.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>2	3	1	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lulu59
<Content>Amazing water views We just returned from an amazing stay at the Hyatt Harborside in Boston. It was an excellent experience and I highly recommend it. We shopped around for prices and they were competitive with hotels that did not offer 1/3 in amenities, service, etc. Very luxurious surroundings and gorgeous views from the moment you arrive welcome you from the moment you arrive. The gorgeous views from a large picture window continued in our room and we did not even stay in a suite. The service was excellent and the best part is that they are five minutes from the airport via the hotel shuttle. They have an outdoor patio looking at the Boston skyline/harbor that takes your breath away as you have a wonderful and complete breakfast buffet, cocktails or dinner. Anytime during your stay you can hop on the water taxi and it will take you across the harbor to downtown boston in less than 10 minutes. We received free tickets during our stay but if it is not included in your package you can purchase them from the front desk for $14.00. They will drop you off at various locations, ie., Aquarium, Fanuel Hall, etc. This was a great stay and I highly recommend this hotel in Boston.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jbcoach
<Content>Loved this hotel I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. We just finished a 2-week, 14-day stay through the East Coast and stayed in some of the top hotels on the East Coast, and I can honestly tell you that this hotel was as good as each hotel, maybe more, at a fraction of the cost. I booked this trip on a deal I saw on travelzoo for an incredible $129 per night......a steal compared to rates I was quoted from the hotel directly. We were concerned because of the location of this hotel, but that vanished quickly when we saw the view the Harborside gave us of downtown Boston. It was simply stunning. We hung out at the hotel restaurant, which was very good. We stayed outside on lounge chairs and had a great time. The kids loved the pool. The service was incredible. We were greeted warmly by an incredible bellman, who helped us with everything. The front desk staff was very nice, and helped us with any questions we had. We didn't have one problem. Our only regret is that we didn't stay longer than the original 3 days we had planned. IT WAS THAT GOOD! Honestly, we stayed at the Sofitel in Philly, and this hotel was better. The rooms were clean and roomy. The beds were incredibly comfortable, and the staff was friendly and helpful. The Clam Chowder on at the restaurant was as good as any we had on our trip, and believe me, we had alot. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great place to stay in Boston. It is a quick trip by taxi, or even more fun, by water taxi, to downtown Boston. This is a great hotel, with great people, great food, and a great location......as long as you aren't too hung up on being directly downtown. We loved it!!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Anonymous-Atlanta
<Content>Harborside nice and convenient to the city I booked this room through Hotwire, and like usual, I was quite pleased in terms of money well spent. The hotel, while next to the airport, is also conveniently close to the city, and it is easy to take the T in and out. The best thing about the hotel is the view from the rooms if you are on the harbor side, followed by its convenient location. The worst things are that it is isolated, so you have little choice in terms of food, and that it still takes a bit of time to get from the airport to the hotel as the shuttle makes all sorts of stops. Also, the hotel is remarkable in that there is almost/virtually no airplane noise, in spite of being at the end of the runway, but you can hear people in adjacent rooms a bit more than usual. On the whole, I would not hesitate to stay here. Oh, if you stay out here (or maybe anywhere in Boston), get the pass for the T. It is going to be worth it.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Al_Glasgow
<Content>Great views, great service Great room - superb view of Boston skyline at night, really comfortable. Water taxi service superb. Service excellent - really friendly waiting staff, concierge really helpful. Couldn't fault it.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JCherry
<Content>Comfy beds, appalling Service The beds were typical Hyatt comfort and the bathrooms were pretty cramped. Nothing special.The service on the other hand will be why I never go back there. The way they handled non-existent water pressure in my room was very weak. They claimed that it was actually supposed to be that way, then claimed they fixed it when it wasn't, and finally they moved me to another room but treated me like I extorted the room change from them. For me it is not a problem in a hotel that bothers me, but how it is resolved.If you stay here, pray nothing out of the ordinary happens to you.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>norscio
<Content>Great Stay I purchased this stay on Priceline. It was for one Saturday night on a leisure trip with my girlfriend. It cost $76 and I likely could have successfully bid even cheaper. I was concerned because of its location - near the airport, away from downtown and too far from mass transit to walk - and the $30 parking charge. I felt perhaps I would spend my savings on parking, etc., especially after reading some reviews.We had a great experience. We avoided the parking charge by leaving the car in an underground garage five blocks from Quincy Market for $9 per night. The shuttle came rather promptly going in and out. Finally, they gave us a 12th floor harbor room with arguably the most picture perfect view I've ever had. Room was immaculate, staff seemed friendly, didn't eat there, river walk was great, pool was closed for a camera shoot and appeared small. Bedding was great as was the bathroom and toiletries. You likely will hear people leaving in nearby rooms very early but you WON'T hear airplanes. Overall, it was a great stay.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mantez16
<Content>Wouldn't stay here again, unless we got the room for even cheaper We purchased the stay at this hotel from Hotwire for $90 a night. They def. stuck us in a very crappy room. We had views of the airport, tons of stains on the carpet and the hallway of our floor was a complete MESS! (ceiling covers missing, stains on the carpet and walls) It def. scared us before we entered the room. There were some good things about the hotel: 1)the bed was comfortable with a nice down comforter, 2)the shower was pretty roomy (they had the shower rod that curves out, giving you more room), 3)they had free transportation to the airport (and from there you can take the Silver line to downtown Boston), and 4)the restaurant downstairs was awesome with great food and view of Boston. Overall, we def. got what we paid for. I wouldn't stay here again unless we got a room for even cheaper.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	3	3	1	

<Author>ExtraPickles
<Content>More than just an airport hotel       One angle of the bathroom  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>DC_World_Traveler
<Content>Quiet, Comfortable Airport Hotel I only had a brief overnight stay at the Hyatt Harborside, but all my impressions were quite positive. The hotel is very traveler-friendly, with a lobby printer for boarding passes, great drapes that block light, and no sound of a plane. I checked in quite late and was impressed by that even the evening personnel were of high calibre, friendly and helpful. The bar was still open with a limited, albeit very fresh and tasty menu, and the ambience was either sports at the bar itself, or quiet tables ensconced by plants. My room was tastefully furnished, with a very comfortable bed, and the bath was above-average size with a good shower. The early-morning shuttle was prompt and speedy, with a courteous driver who assisted everyone with luggage.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>695
<Content>A nice hotel but a little pricey A really nice hotel with a couple of minor drawbacks...First of all the good things:Pleasant room with a great view of the Harbour, clean, staff were friendly and helpful. There is a small gym and indoor swimming pool also with great views. and now the not so good things:1) Location - The hotel is situated at Boston Logan Airport quite a distance from the city centre. I was here at a conference but if you are here sightseeing Boston then a downtown hotel would suit you better. There is a water taxi from outside the hotel that you have to pay for or alternatively the nearest metro station is around three quarters of a mile away.2) Cost - Not only were the rooms expensive, you had to pay extra breakfast and extra for internet access. I paid over 850 dollars for four nights.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	2	4	4	4	2	

<Author>sf3456
<Content>Nice people, no results In general, a great location and beautiful views. The water taxi service is also a great plus if you want to go downtown. But I have some serious reservations about the service. We arrived on a Friday night and were told we had the last room in the place. Seeing as I had reserved it very recently (a few days ago) and my travel companions had done the same (we had 4 rooms total), I found that hard to believe. So they didn't give us the two doubles but instead a king. That's OK, we had a cot. But the walls in the room were paper thin - you could hear conversations going on next door - and it was a handicapped room with no space in the bathroom to put anything down. It was terrible. The Hyatt fixed it the next day and we moved to a much better room on the other side of the hotel - however, I left my cell phone charger behind (for literally 6 hours) and then they could not find it. I've called back 2-3 times and always get the same nice but totally unhelpful response. Very frustrating!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	1	2	2	

<Author>danoconn3ll
<Content>Relaxing hotel The rooms are very well equipped and clean, the bathroom was spotlesssave for a crack in the sink. I found the restaurant to be very good though expensive (typical of hotels), but the steak and lobster were well prepared and we enjoyed ourselves. We did not have to wait at all for the bus from Logan to the airport, both arriving and departing buses were immediately available. The hotel and restaurant staff was very friendly and helpful. Will definitely come back again especially for the view.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Greylady
<Content>Room with a view at the Hyatt Harborside We stayed at the Hyatt Harborside on both ends of a trip to Costa Rica, as we had an early a.m. flight out of Logan on the way down and a very late p.m. flight on the way back. We booked through Priceline, so weren't sure what kind of room we'd be in, but were more than pleasantly surprised given the rate we got. The night before we left, we had an 11th floor harbor side view of the city that was incredible. On the return we were upgraded from the room we had booked to a 3rd floor harbor view that was not as impressive as the 11th floor, but still better than any airport hotel we've ever stayed at (besides, at 1:30 a.m. you don't much care if you have a view, and in the morning you're busy getting ready to leave). In both cases the rooms were good- size, clean, the beds were very comfortable and had all the amenities (the only thing that didn't work was the iron in the 1st room). We agree with other reviewers about the staff - exceptionally friendly, professional and helpful. However, we had an entirely different experience with the shuttle service than most of the other reviews we read. It was prompt, the drivers were friendly and knowledgeable - one even gave us all a little tour-guide routine along the way, and explained the hotel's amenities as well. We'd also have to agree with the reviews of the restaurant. Extremely overpriced, and no other option on site. We ordered room service off the bar menu (speedy, friendly staff, not gourmet food, but good) and dined in front of the picture window looking out over the harbor at the twinkling lights of the city. It was a great start to our vacation! We wouldn't hesitate to return and have already recommended to others planning to do the Logan shuffle.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>blondfromBeantown
<Content>Newly renovated rooms are great! Hi,I stayed at the Hyatt Harborside last month for a conference I was attending at the hotel. While the location isn't for everyone...not great if you want to easily walk around Boston, for example, it was perfect for our group. Attendees could easily park or if they were flying in, get to the hotel via the free shuttle in minutes. We did not have any trouble getting the shuttle to come quickly.The views from the hotel's rooms that face the harbor, our meeting rooms and the restaurant were just lovely of the Boston skyline.I was really impressed though, by the brand newly renovated sleeping rooms. All were completed by January. All new linens with lovely duvees and cashmere throws, Ipod Home docking stations, great hi speed lan or wireless internet, cool colors, decor and nice bathroom amentities, lighting and design. Loved the beds and pillows.I'd highly recommend this hotel especially if you want close proximity to the airport.Lynne  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LoveMyTrips
<Content>Just OK The Hotel is in a nice location. Pretty view of the harbor if you are lucky enough to get a room on that side of the hotel. The room was clean and beds weren't bad. Pill's were OK. My bathroom shower had mold in between the tiles which I wasn't a fan of and I did find a hair in the bathroom. Yuck The hotel lobby seemed busy everynight, like there was a nice atmosphere.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	5	4	3	

<Author>dollarcautious
<Content>Ok, but.... We stayed here for our anniversary visit to Boston. The hotel is clean and staff is polite. The location is a fine alternative to the generally more pricey downtown hotels. The hotel provides a free shuttle service to/from the airport and the nearby underground/subway station. Unfortunately, there were several occurances including our initial pickup from the airport where the communications between driver and hotel dispatcher were very slow or non existent resulting in long delays while waiting for this pickup. We weren't the only ones finding this misfortune...one fellow waited for over 1 hour at the airport car hire office and after two calls to the hotel was finally picked up by the shuttle we were on. The driver told him no one had told him someone was waiting. Thus, you must build in much more time than necessary to your schedule for travel to and from downtown, the airport, etc. Also, the whirlpool hot tub although very clean would not run...only very hot standing water. The hotel only offers one very highly priced restaurant. It has great views but considering the isolated location of the hotel adjacent to the airport, they have a captive audience and we felt taken advantage of. Apparently in former perhaps more prosperous times, there was an additional dining room option. Suggestion: We brought in tasty hand made pastries and fruit from Boston's 'little Italy' the night before for the next morning's breakfast. There is complementary room coffee and tea. Generally, I'd say, stay here understanding there might be some glitches and if the price appears lower than some other nearby options.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>ojy
<Content>Going downhill While this hotel was a good deal, it wasn't a great deal. Have stayed there before but the place is going downhill and seems a bit frayed at the edges. There were stains on the hall floors. I remembered their terrific restaurant, but it is now closed and the only restaurant is crammed in to what was previously the bar area only. The menu for dinner is extremely expensive and the bar menu, which has lighter and more reasonably priced fare was very limited. We ordered pizza delivered to the room.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Tim2458
<Content>Great if you're flying out of Logan We stayed at the Hyatt Harborside New Year's Day because we had an early flight to St. Maarten the following morning. As Hyatt Gold Club members, we were upgraded to a harbor view room which was spacious, comfortable, extremely clean, quiet, and a great value at $119 for the night (booked via the Hyatt Web site). The staff were courteous and even the other guests were friendly. While we did not use the workout room or pool, both looked nice. We did not eat there so we can't comment on the food. There is a stop for the water taxi at the hotel, which is convenient. We parked out car at the hotel, so I can't comment on the shuttle other than it was loading passengers when we left the hotel. There is a very small business center and a computer in the lobby entrance where you can check on flight and parking garage status, and print your boarding pass. This is my second stay at this Hyatt and, based on my experiences, I would recommend it to others.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Ptahsuti
<Content>Handy refuge My first stay in an airport hotel so have nothing to compare against but here are some thoughts on the Harborside in general.LocationQuick courtesy shuttle ride away from Logan airport. Pickup seems on the slow side. I had to wait 20 mins at Logan and 30 mins at the Airport Underground/Subway station. The City is reachable by water shuttle (didn't try this) or Underground/Subway (+ car/taxi of course). The hotelRooms are enormous and include a decent sized desk. Beds very comfortable. Bathroom fixtures and fittings looked distinctly tired in my room e.g. chipped bath enamel. Decor overall pretty netural - mainly beige. Boston views available at extra cost, otherwise you get the airport - but soundproofing must be top notch as I didn't hear a thing.CateringDidn't try the restaurant but it does have an incredible view of the city. Room service is prompt, varied choice and good quality. No obvious labelling of vegetarian and other special diet options on the menu that I could see.StaffDefinitely the Harborside's strong point. Staff are friendly and willing to go to considerable lengths to help - even on Xmas Eve!OverallI wouldn't recommend the Harborside for a long stay or for making a number of trips to central Boston locations but for one night either side of a flight it is fine  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>rabble
<Content>There are better choices The only reason I can think of that you would want to stay at an airport hotel is just before or after traveling, if you are coming to Boston for any other reason why not stay across the river in the city, there are so many good hotels to chose from 鈥?at a comparable price. First the good, this hotel has a spectacular view of Boston from across the harbor. Other than that, it is an average hotel; clean, modern (wasn鈥檛 built that long ago) and the service is ok, nothing spectacular. What I couldn鈥檛 understand about this Hyatt is that it as an airport hotel, therefore, at a minimum you would expect good shuttle service from the hotel to the terminals. I asked about the schedule, and was told there is one shuttle bus that makes continual runs. Based on how many people are on the bus, your wait for it in the main lobby can be anywhere from 10 minutes to 陆 an hour. I travel a lot on business and for an airport hotel not to offer a regular schedule (shuttle bus leaving every 15 minutes, etc.) is ridiculous. Logan airport gets very crowded, as expected we spent close to 陆 an hour waiting for the shuttle bus in the lobby of the hotel鈥hey need to have more than just one.My advice, if you need to stay at Logan airport, I would select the Hilton. At the very least I always see their shuttle buses at the terminals and they clearly have more than one. If you are visiting Boston, cross the river and stay in the city鈥?for the premium you pay for an airport hotel, you can stay at a nice downtown location.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>camdencalling
<Content>Great staff, great position, great hotel I stayed here on my first night in Boston at the end of October and then on my last night in early December and it was an excellent choice. Really welcoming staff on the front desk. Excellent conceirge staff who gave extremely good advice for getting to South Station. Quick and regular shuttle service to and from the airport.When my husband arrived we realised that we were missing his briefcase with laptop which had not been put in our cab at our previous hotel in Cambridge. Hyatt staff immediately took control of phoning the Marlowe and organising for its prompt arrival and did everything to reassure us.The small pool is a bonus particularly with the stunning views and sunset. Excellent breakfast (an extra of course as it usually is in the US) and friendly and attentive serving staff. Rooms were very quiet and comfortable. Lovely products in the bathroom.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>montieds
<Content>Very nice, comfortable stay.       View of hotel from water taxi  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>brokenankle
<Content>Finally a perfect stay! My son and I have stayed here many times and there have always been issues (please see my previous reviews). We arrived on a Monday afternoon and were immediately upgraded to a Harbor View room on a high floor. The room was perfect. room service stellar and our dinner in the restaurant divine. The hot tub was actually working and it was even hot!The front desk staff was very accomdating. My 8 year old son had a 7:45 am appointment at the Massachusetts Eye Research and Surgical Institute. I didn't know how long we would be gone and was concerned about checking out in time. No problem; the front desk gave us a late check out and was willing to check us out and hold our bags if we didn't make it back in time (which we didn't).I honestly don't know if service levels at this property have improved or if they are getting sick and tired of my complaints.I am a Hyatt Platinum Passport member and yes, I do expect perfection. I am happy to report that on my last stay I received it.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Malbrough
<Content>Poor value! My wife and I stayed at the Hyatt Harborside hotel on the night of Monday 9 October 2006. We paid $389 plus tax for room only. Yes, the view across the harbour from our 10th floor room was fantastic, but the room itself was very ordinary. The air conditioning was noisy. irrespective of which ever setting I used, including off. It was simply a 'business type standard room.'The buffet breakfast was excellent (extra charge), but dinner in the Grill Room was distinctly average. Some of the staff need to learn to smile occasionally at the customers and our meal took 55 minutes to arrive after placing our order.We were pleased to be leaving after 1 night. A great view does not make a great hotel, especially at the price we paid. We were expecting something rather special and left feeling very disappointed.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	4	2	3	

<Author>Travelfreak101
<Content>Hated It In all my travels, I have never seen a hotel staff so rude and unresponsive. My husband and I were attending a conference, so we brought my parents to babysit. We had requested connecting, non-smoking rooms. When we arrived at the hotel, the rooms we had requested were not available. The only rooms even on the same floor were smoking. It took 1 1/2 hours to check in. When I requested a Manager, he came out listened to my story and looked at the front desk clerk who obiviously did not know how to run the computer and said, You handle it. We went up to see how bad the smoke was in one room and I called the front desk. The clerk said, We are busy, I will call you right back. After 10 minutes, I went back downstairs. The Manager and the two clerks were standing there talking and laughing. At this point, it was not funny. I needed to get tired kids to bed. We decided to take the smoking rooms to be on the same floor, with the intention to move the next day. I stopped by the desk the next day to let the new staff know our situation. They did nothing. The Manager would not return phone calls to our room. We found a Hampton Inn right down the street. It was beautiful, smoke free and $100.00 cheaper a night. With two rooms that really adds up. Save yourself the hassle, stay at the Hampton.The lunch buffet was expensive and not good either and we had to unload our own luggage because a bell boy was not available.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	5	1	1	3	

<Author>burke140
<Content>looks can be deceiving Stayed here 2 years in a row for a short, 3-day business meeting. The view is great, facilities are very nice and location is perfect for business travelers. The good things pretty much end there. Staff is not that friendly and food quality was very poor. There is nothing but a sheer curtain to cover the large window in each room. This may not be a problem if you face the harbor, but I faced the airport and it was very bright and loud with the construction going on 24 hours a day. Also, the water pressure in the bathroom sink was non-existant...Made it very difficult to shave. Good luck if you dtay here more then 2-3 days...you'll be ready for home!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>simon50
<Content>Very poor Oh Dear!I have stayed in several Hyatts throughout the world very successfully, but this was simply awful. At $199 per night here is the reality....... 1) The Hyatt shuttle was so slow I was the last person waiting for transportation at Boston Airport. The hotel is less than 500yrds away and it took 1hr from getting my bags to checking in at the Hotel! This was also true on the way back with other people complaining about when the Shuttle would arrive (I waited 10 mins but I guess I was luckier on the way back). All the staff could say was that they were busy today2) The room was a disabled room with a pathetic bathroom, no bath and a wasbasin about 18 square3) The rooms are very noisy. Anyone talking in the corridor can be heard - and as the room was the 1st room from the lifts I could hear everyone coming to their room - this ended around 1am in the morning4) This is an airport hotel, so I got woken at 5am, when people started leaving to get their flights, by the lack of soundproofing in the doors.5) As previously stated in another post - you cannot close the curtains. There is a blind but this is not completey suitable so light does get in easily6) The front desk looked amazed when I responded to their question and how was your stay with a not very good answer. All they could say was I am sorry, I am sorry like some scratchy record. No offer to see what was wrong or attempt to fix it.7) I'm glad I didn't pick up the hire car until the following day when I checked-out as they would have stung me for another $30.This was a truly bad experience. I will never stay there again. It is not value for money and my previous view of the Hyatt brand (which previously I have had the very highest regard for) has been destroyed.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>Webini
<Content>Not at all pleased with my Hyatt experience Stayed at the Hyatt Harborside on 7/29 for one night. Rate was $90 thru Priceline.As others have said the location has a beautiful view of the water on one side, but is located right at Logan airport. This is great if you are taking a flight. If you want to see Boston there are much better options unless you have a car.As I said the view of the harbour is beautiful - it you can see it! Our room had a lovely view of the parking lot. This is probably because it was a Priceline reservation but don't expect to automatically get the nice view.Several complaints about this hotel. The first being that you cannot close the curtains! There is a privacy curtain that is very thin but you cannot close the drapes. This is a major problem if you have a room facing the parking lot as the room is very bright at sunrise and there is not a thing you can do about it.No fridge, no minibar. The towels you could literally see through. The TV is vintage 1990. Dust you could write your name in on the top of the bed. Oh yeah, and $30 parking!!!!We will not be back.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>1	2	-1	2	2	3	3	1	

<Author>GREAKLY
<Content>A few negative points regarding Boston's Hyatt Harborside I stayed at this hotel for Sunday night in July 2006. Booked the room for just $82 on priceline (with additional $16 in taxes and fees). I guess the hotel is willing to go extremely low during weekends. However, you get what you pay for. I am not saying the hotel is extremely bad (after all it's 4+ stars) but there were a few things that have made my stay VERY unpleasant:1. In addition to the room price I was charged $30 for overnight parking. I felt that was outrageous. The only occasion when I paid more was downtown Manhattan. Accross the street airport parking costed $17. Not cheap either, but at least somewhat sensible.\2. The room did not have a freezer/minibar. No idea why. You would not expect one in a roadside motel, but at a 4+ star hotel??? Strange... They did, however, have an ice machine on the floor, which solved the problem. 3. The bath tub did not have a rubber mat. To make things worse there were misleading dark oval dots on the bottom of the tub. Thinking they were made of some sort of anti-slippery rubber I stepped in and ... immidiately felt down hurting my anckle and knee. Be VERY careful when using the bath tub at this hotel.I must admit though that the management was very responsive. When, during the checkout, I told them about the bathtub problem, they promissed to send someone to bring the rubber mat right away. They also waived my parking fee for the inconveniece.Overall, I would probably not stay there again, unless arriving without a car and wearing rubber shows when using the shower :-)  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>2	2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>momentum12
<Content>Excellent location, great value! I stayed here with my teenager for 3 nights in July. Nice Boston hotels are very expensive, but we got a good rate thru Hyatt.com. Our room was clean, and very quiet. The hotel staff was friendly and accomodating. They have one restaurant with a breakfast buffet that was great. This hotel is right next to the water taxi dock. The MBTA commuter boat (F2, F2H, see MBTA.com) runs across the harbor to downtown, about 5-10 minute ride. Also the Rowes Wharf Water Taxi, and the Boston Water Taxi. If you buy a round trip ticket on the taxi, note the DIFFERENT company. There are several stops in downtown, so it is easy to get around. The Hyatt shuttle can take awhile for pickups from the T blue line stop, so the water transportation is a lot faster. Also, with all but one tunnel closed in the city, traffic via cab can be bad. Next to the dock, the T runs a shuttle to the airlines, which is quick and easy, as there is always a bus there. Take the water taxi to Long Wharf or IMAX, and cross over to Faneuil Hall. Walk down the main market and get some of the best food ever at a decent price. Boston, $$$ to live in and visit, but one of a kind. Go Sox!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful but staff needs to rally! Beautiful hotel with a view that takes your breath away, and the comfort of the king size bed was superior...however, the hotel staff really needs to kick it up a notch. We never felt welcome during our stay, nor did we feel that those who worked wanted to be there. The staff looked unhappy and rather stressed. After checking in we needed to change rooms when we found the bathroom sink drain broken and hair in the tub, and soap from a previous guest was left as a bonus. We were amazed to have to struggle with our luggage while hotel staff stood by, more thqn once. At one point we found ourselves helping out others who were in need of assistance. Be aware: Overnight parking costs $30.00.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>LouisvilleGuy
<Content>Fantastic View of Boston Harbor The view of Boston Harbor and the city skyline is super, especially from its 15th floor! The room was clean, well appointed, and quiet. A courtesy shuttle provides around-the-clock service to the airport or nearby subway stop. The staff was helpful and cordial.  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>agirlinfin2004
<Content>Great Views! My husband and I spent our first night of our honeymoon here. We had a flight early the next morning to head down to Florida. Check-in was easy, the person asked us if we wanted a harbour view and we were glad we asked. Our room was a good size, clean, and everything worked as it was suppose to. We ordered room service and the person who brought the food was very nice. The next day when we went to leave checking out was very easy. The hotel has a shuttle to take you to the airport. Our driver was extremely helpful, and made the short drive enjoyable. This is a super hotel to stay at for a night, or longer. Highly recommend it!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>stephaway
<Content>Outstanding service I have travelled quite often for business, but can say unequivically that this was my best experience with a hotel ever. A great hotel distinguishes itself through extraordinary service, and I felt that the staff of this hotel was so polished, professional and KIND, that it almost made me weep. If only all business travel could be this pleasant! I had an outstanding dinner in their resturant - totally surprising, and also, superior service. Everyone in the hotel seemed to go out of their way to make me feel well taken care of.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Airport Hotel without the Price Tag I stayed at the Hyatt Harborside for one night because I had an early morning flight out of Logan and wanted every last minute of sleep that I could get.The hotel was amazing, and a great value for the $139 per night I paid through the Hyatt website. My room was tastefully furnished, with a plush and generously-pillowed king-size bed, loveseat couch with coffee table, desk and desk chair, dresser, and large TV. I especially appreciated the coffee maker and to-go paper cups.I took the T from downtown to the airport and then took the hotel shuttle bus to the hotel. The shuttle was a bit slow to arrive (maybe 15-20 minutes waiting time). I also took the shuttle from the hotel to the airport the following morning, which was extremely speedy, with the shuttle waiting outside the hotel when I got there and dropping me off at my terminal within 7 minutes. Dinner at the hotel's restaurant was good, but overpriced at $28 for a basic veal scallopini dinner dish with spinach and risotto. For future reference, I think I would have ordered room service which had some options in the $12-18 range. Given that the hotel is near the airport and little else, you're a captive audience and don't have much choice of dining options. That said, the wait staff was pleasant and ambiance enjoyable. When I let them know that I needed to eat quickly because I was expecting a business call back in my room, they graciously expedited things.I didn't explore the pool, gym, bar or business center, but I gather that they all existed.The walls were thin enough that I could hear a bit of the conversation of my nextdoor neighbor, as well as his television. However, it wasn't so loud that it kept me from being able to fall asleep.Service was excellent, with the front desk staff always addressing me by name when I called down with questions, and delivering wake-up calls (yes plural, I needed a follow-up call to make sure I hadn't fallen back asleep) in an non-automated and timely manner.Overall, the Hyatt Harborside had the feel of a much more expensive hotel, but without the large price tag. I would certainly choose to stay here again for a night before or after a flight from Logan.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Impeccable Stayed here before a morning flight to the BVI. The room we had with the view of Boston and Boston Harbor was breathtaking and the service was impeccable. I'll definately be back. Loved it!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sharonb423
<Content>Wouldn't go back Stayed at the hotel while attending a meeting in Boston and while the hotel was nice and clean (even during construction), the service was terrible! After waiting for 1/2 hour to be waited on, we finally called a waiter over to take an order. Another 1/2 hour later we left for our meeting without being served - even though we ordered soup and sandwiches. Going back to my room hours later, I then couldn't reach anyone for room service, called the front desk and waited 15 minutes for someone to call back. The meeting we had the next day was overpowered by the meeting in the next room; our speaker could not be heard above the noise.No bill under the door for quick checkout, no one asked me how my stay was (I would have told them).While the hotel was decent, there are better places to stay, with better service, in the Boston area.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>michiganmarlon
<Content>Nice hotel From the big, soothing rooms, to the calm and spacious lobby, to the killer views of downtown Boston, I very much enjoyed my Jan. 13-15 stay at the Hyatt Harborside.The lobby is elegant and minimalist, and refreshingly calm. It's got nice seating areas with huge windows offering you an incredible (and I do mean incredible) view of Boston's skyline, particularly at night. The hotel is also very pleasantly fragrant - they must definitely scent the air because the lobby, elevators and hallways all have a hint of fragrance.The rooms are large and comfortable, with more modern minimalism, excellent in-room furnishings (great work desk and a sofa) and comfortable beds with too many pillows! Bathrooms are large and modern, with Portico bath amenities (No body lotion tho - it must be a Hyatt thing).I agree that the room service is pricey, but it's also very good. In-room movie and entertainment options are great.The workout room next to the indoor pool is very nice, again offering a great view of Boston.I agree with many posters on the location. It's fine for access to Logan, but waiting on shuttles to get to and from the T station to go to and from Boston or Cambridge is time-consuming. The shuttle drivers are friendly and accommodating though, but make sure you keep 50 cents in change or a cell phone to call for the shuttle from the T station. There's NOTHING of interest in the immediate area around the hotel.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>michelescully
<Content>nice hotel - not such nice check in staff we stayed here for six nights last april - i was travelling with my husband and eleven year old son.i asked for a room with a view but the check in girl was quite sniffy and said that it would be an extra $40 a night (we'd only paid $65ish a night so this was disproportionate)the room was okay - view of the airportthe restaurant was okay - the staff here were nice (if a bit slow) and the buffet breakfast was as you would expect (around$17 per person)the killer is the hotel parking - we argued the rate as an information book in our room stated that it was $14 a night and not the $20+ they tried to charge us - at a good priceline rate this hotel is good - we didn't use the water taxi (too expensive for three) but we did see them leave from right in front of the restaurantif i could get the room for the rate i paid last year i would (EVEN WITH THE PARKING RIP OFF)  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Belfastbt4
<Content>Never again Noisey dirty wall paper off the walls .Towels dirty and disgusting yellow stuff present on towel surface.Unbelievable staff unhelpful and when we compained about noise they sent a staff member to our room when the culprits of the noise where in the corridor which just fuelled their noise .Rooms very dirty and tatty .Never again will we waste our money .  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JPNNH
<Content>Robbed me of $28 to park my car 1 night Hotel had nice view...bed was comfortable...TV was small  cheap...Room Service was priced way too high...Coffee $6.00, Hamburger $10.00 etc then they add 15% tip, then they add 3% hotel surcharge then they add $3.00 for delivery fee (isnt that what the gratuity is for?) But the parking charge was the most outrageous charge on the bill...  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>1	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Hayduke
<Content>High quality but not too convenient This hotel is in an industrial area near the airport. If you want to go anywhere you need to take a taxi, or the shuttle to the subway. The best way to get downtown was the water taxi (only $10). The room was classic Hyatt decorated, and comfortable. The view of the harbor and Boston skyline was incredible. The hotel restaurant was excellent though a bit expensive. Service in the hotel was excellent as well. Now that there is finally a Hyatt downtown I will probably stay there instead.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BigBird24
<Content>Good hotel and convenient This is our first time visiting Boston. We stayed for one night. We booked this hotel through priceline and gotten a very good bid for $77+tax a night. It is very convenient if you don't want to drive to downtown. The 24-hour shuttle service will take you to the blue line T-stop. The shuttle service is excellent(make very frequent pick-up to the T-stop and coming back to the hotel-roundtrip takes less than 3 minutes), the driver, the hotel staff are very helpful in giving directions and recommending nice restaurants. The hotel is clean, and we enjoy overlooking the ocean view. We will return to this hotel at out next trip only if we could get almost the same rate from priceline.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>la femme folle
<Content>ok hotel if you get a good rate My husband and I stayed at the hotel for just 1 night. It is obviously very convenient to the airport, but it is also just a quick boat trip into Boston (about 10 minutes, 17.00 RT per person). Service at the hotel was terrible though. Hotel restaurants close very early, and it took over an hour to get a lite dinner in the bar about 1030 on a Saturday night. It was not all that busy, but the gal told us they only had 1 server, so she was quite busy. Front desk put us in wrong room type, wanted smoking, and instead of just sending up an ashtray,made us lug our bags down to desk, get new keys and move to a room with an even worse view. If you don't pay for harbor view, you won't get it even with being a HY passport member. Room was ok, very basic, we were missing items in room, had to call for in room coffee maker, shampoo etc. For what we paid it wasn't bad, but it would not be worth over 200.00 for any reason.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Parking $28???? After paying so much for the room, they charge you $28 to park your car in their property. Simply rediculous and pathetic if you ask me. Thats their hidden charge people.....nice hotel but i think they could have done better.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SRMinDC
<Content>Great views, attentive staff Who would expect a fantastic view of the Boston skyline and harbor from an airport hotel? Not me. So this was a special treat during my stay in Boston. I was only at the hotel for a single night, but I found the concierge, bell staff, shuttle driver, and front desk clerk to be extremely attentive and helpful. The room was clean and nicely furnished. I had a view of the parking lot, but that did not matter to me since I was only in the room for a short period of time.The only drawback to the hotel is the parking. Both valet and self-park were very expensive, but the staff suggested a solution. I returned my rental car upon returning after midnight and called the hotel shuttle to pick me up at the rental car office. The shuttle arrived very quickly, saving me 20+ dollars to park my car for a few hrs. I had a very early flight out the next morning and took the shuttle to the airport.Overall, this is a great place to stay for a quick trip or business. However, because of the lack of stores and distance from the T, I would not suggest this property for people looking to explore Boston.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>murfeesborohardware
<Content>Best option around Logan I would rate this hotel 3.5 stars. I recently enjoyed a 5-night stay. The views are excellent. I paid for a standard room and at check-in requested a room on the higher floors overlooking the harbor. Service was very good throughout my stay. The hotel has multiple outdoor seating options to enjoy the views of the harbor. The rooms are comparable to most you will find in other Hyatts. I would not recommend this location if your sole purpose for staying in Boston is to tour the city. It is tempting to take the water taxi for trips into the city, but at $10 for a one-way trip this can get expensive. The cheaper option is to take the complementary shuttle to the T and take the subway in. The subway is very convenient to most areas and is very safe. Overall, I was pleased with my stay and would stay at this Hyatt again.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible service I called to say my flight was delayed and to please hold my non smoking room, which I had prepaid in advance that I would arrive after midnight.Upon arrival the shuttle took over a half hour although the hotel is only about a five minute drive at that time.Only a smoking room was left according to the night manager when I arrived. He said he had inspected it and had it sprayed. However it was awful and two days later my pillow which I travel with still smells like smoke. There was no hot water, only lukewarm water. The manager offered free coffee and breakfast,but nothing arrived in my room before I had to check out.The view is great, but the service was miserable.I called Hyatt to complain and they said oh if you are late call some 800 number and check in over the phone and then your room will be held.Good information which would have been helpful when I called to say I would be late.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Abroad_alone
<Content>Quality hotel close to Logan Airport Needed a hotel close to the airport and got this through Priceline. On arrival at the airport used the courtesy phone to contact the hotel and they sent a shuttle bus which arrived within 15 minutes. At reception was given a free upgrade to a harbour view room without asking for it. Staff very pleasant and helpful. Rooms were large and clean with all the facilities you would expect from a business class hotel. Shuttle just as convenient for returning to the airport the following morning.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>robd
<Content>Convenient and Favorable We stayed at the Hyatt Harborside overnight and found it more than acceptable. It was convenient to the airport and very quiet. The room was clean and spacious and the rate was reasonable (with AAA discount which included a free breakfast buffet).  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LSLwine
<Content>Seen better days...especially for $200 I stayed on business at this hotel last Thursday night. Yes, I agree with another reviewer, you cannot beat the view. Truely stunning looking at the Boston skyline. That being said, I found olive pits on the carpet in my room, every towel was thin and frayed at the ends. Two towels had big holes in them, hairs in the sink and when I went to bed I could hear everything being said by the people in the room next to me.Got my wake up call but woke up before that by the people in the room next to me getting a wake up call and then proceeding to map out their day-heard it all.Had breakfast at the hotel restaurant, paid by my credit card and was charged to my hotel bill as well as my credit card. The front desk did not believe that my credit card receipt was valid and after several trys plus the waiter vouching for me the charge was taken off my bill.Not worth the trouble, the hassle and the lack of sleep to stay here.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>626calgal
<Content>Location not great. The best thing about his hotel is the views. The rooms are okay. Unfortunately there are no restaurants or any retails shops near the hotel. The cab ride into the city is about $20. You can take the T (subway) for $1.25 but you need the hotel shuttle to take you and pick you up from the T-stop.The water taxis/shuttle are the best way to get to the otherside of the harbor.If you are visiting as a tourist and want to see Boston - don't stay at this hotel. If you want to stay somewhere close to the airpor - it's just fine.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Cypsi
<Content>Very nice views for an airport hotel! Having been to Boston many times before, I decided to stay at an airport hotel for one night after a flight in from England, simply to get some rest before going on a driving tour of New England. What I hadn't realised is that this hotel has a fantastic view of Boston harbor and the skyline - which is especially impressive at night. Also, provided you don't mind waiting a few minutes for the shuttle to the subway station, it is a breeze to get into downtown. In fact, I managed to walk all the way up to Newbury Street and back from the Aquarium stop! The hotel room was excellent, as was service at breakfast. Hyatt is not cheap, but you pay for quality.In short, my advice is: If you are visiting Boston for the first time, then by all means stay somewhere downtown. But if you are using Boston as a base to explore New England and are only staying one or two nights, this hotel is great.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>peterjames2000
<Content>lovely views, not as inconvenient as people say Everything people say about the plus (great views), more convenient for logan than many of the other airport hotels. The points about the inconvenience of subway/road links are valid but there is another alternative - a $10 water taxi service right from the hotel to rowe's wharf in the financial district, 5 minutes from faneiul market. enjoyed a fabulous ride in sunshine today (mid feb!). however 1 problem to note with this hotel is that the airport shuttle (like the water taxi) is 'on demand' - you have to call otherwise like me you wait 30 mins at the airport until you realise something is wrong.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location and View We stayed here two times on a recent trip to Eastern Canada and New England, a total of nine days. enjoyed them all. Shuttle service for those without a rental car was invaluable. Views of the everchanging waters of the harbor were especially enjoyable. Strand type walkways along side the hotel and harbor were a plus. Staff acted like they were glad to have us there. What's not to like?  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Continental American
<Content>Think Twice About Staying Here To Visit Downtown Boston The hotel itself was fine. I was very pleased with my room which was attractive and very spacious and comfortable. I had the airport view, but it looked nice in the snow.If you need to stay at the airport, this hotel is great. The problem is staying here if the purpose of your visit is tourist or business activity in Boston. Many people are getting this hotel on Priceline in hopes of saving some money in an expensive city, but they do have to consider the inconvenience involved.It always seemed to take an hour to get from the hotel to the Back Bay area. The metro was quick, but the buses and shuttle often took awhile to come and then they made a time consuming grand tour of all the various airport terminals before dropping me off at the subway station. Perhaps in nice weather this could be more workable, but I was there for five days during a snowstorm and brutally cold weather, and waiting outdoors for buses and shuttles was not fun.It was also inconvenient not to be able to pop back to my room during the day to drop packages off or freshen up before dinner. Making a second round trip between the aiport hotel and the city seemed like too much of an ordeal.The hotel is located far out in the cargo area of the airport. There is ZERO of interest in this area. Make sure you have dinner before leaving downtown Boston, or you will have to eat at the hotel's very expensive restaurant which appears to close at about 10 pm besides.Again, I was perfectly pleased and comfortable with the hotel itself. The shuttle drivers were very pleasant and accommodating. However, consider the inconvenience and if it's worth the savings and wasted time if you choose to stay here for a trip that's focused on central Boston.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Hotel       The view of Downtown Boston from our room  
<Date>Nov 3, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>hogtied79
<Content>Great Hotel Irarely wax lyrical about an airport hotel, but this one is special. The drivers are nice. The front desk superb. Each stay I am given a welcome better than that I get at home. Every request is answered immediately.It is actually my favorite placeto stay anywhere in Boston,and that includes stays at the Four Seasons, Both Ritz', and the abysmal Seaport hotel.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelBug128
<Content>Great Experience We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights this past weekend. We got a very reasonable rate on Priceline, considering the hotels in the same category in downtown Boston were going for more than twice or three times the amount. We knew we had to take the shuttle and T to downtown - no big deal. The shuttle drivers were all very friendly, and the longest we had to wait for the shuttle was probably 10 minutes. No issues with the front desk staff. We didn't eat at the hotel except desserts and drinks, which were fine, no issues with staff there either.The room could have been maintained better, but still nice and clean. We stayed on the airport side and had no problem at all with noise. Did hear people talking and doors slamming in hallway in the morning but then again, that's what you get from staying at a hotel. No noises from the next room even though it was occupied.Overall we had a great experience at the Hyatt Harborside for the price we paid.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>missriceandbeans
<Content>A Beautiful Airport Hotel! I really am surprised that this hotel has recieved so many mixed reviews. My husband and I stayed at the Hyatt Harborside on either end of our Honeymoon to St. Lucia. We live in Maine so we decided to take it easy and stay at the Hyatt. We got an amazing rate thru Priceline which is how we ended up at the Hyatt, and we could not have been happier. The hotel itself is beautiful inside with large expansive windows that boast a view of the harbor and Boston Skyline! We were lucky enough to have harbor view rooms both of the nights we stayed at the Hyatt which I definately would recommend, it is beautiful. We enjoyed excellent cocktails in the lounge as well as an excellent breakfast in our room. The only complaint I had which was later erased was that the fire alarm went off several times for no reason. This was somewhat unsettling. HOWEVER, the management than immediately sent up a personal letter apologizing to each room for the disturbance. I would not rule out the Hyatt Harborside for your travel comfort or if you would like to visit the city of Boston. There are water taxis that leave for the city right in front of the hotel!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>michbren
<Content>Nothing Very Special Just returned from a four night stay at this hotel that I booked through Priceline. I felt the price was good for Boston.The positives include: 1. Gorgeous view of the city skyline 2. Location right on Boston harbor 3. Frequent shuttles to and from the T stop complete with very friendly drivers 4. Good sound proofing.The negatives were: 1. We were given an airport view room even though the hotel was well over half empty 2. Food was mediocre and overpriced. 3. Overall the staff, except for the van shuttle drivers, was rude and not service oriented. They always appeared annoyed when asked a question. When we checked out of the hotel the desk person did not ask how our stay was nor thank us for staying there, yet when the van driver dropped us off at the airport, he thanked us for staying  at Hyatt. The restaurant staff were not very friendly either for the most part. 4. Some rooms had the morning newspaper delivered outside the door, ours did not. 5. Hotel is not very well maintained- needs new paint, wallpaper and carpeting 6. Ice machine on our floor was broken during our entire stay  7. The water taxi the hotel mentions in their ad costs $9-10 per person each way for a five minute ride.I don't think I would stay there again if I was in Boston. Being at the airport is not the most convenient place to be when you are visiting as atourist, which in reality is something we knew when we booked there. We had to take the T everywhere - no place to just walk to.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Woganfan
<Content>Excellent Place to End a Lovely Trip We were flying home early the next morning so picked this airport hotel to make the last night special. We were not disappointed 鈥?lovely views across the bay towards downtown Boston and extremely well insulated 鈥?not a peep to be heard from the planes. Did not feel like being on an airport at all. Hyatt鈥檚 website would not allow us to specify a town-view room but we got one anyway. Would not recommend staying here for a Boston visit 鈥?the ferry trip is nice but pricey, the T cheaper but complicated - but for the last night before flying back this place is ideal.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tellurian
<Content>Unexpected Pleasure When airport delays caused us to miss the last flight home from Boston, my husband and I felt pretty dejected....until the airline put us at the Hyatt Harborside overnight. Usually the best you can expect is some bland chain hotel room set in a concrete suburban jungle, so imagine our surprise and delight to be picked up by a plush shuttle bus, then ushered into a room with a drop-dead harbor view, complete with moonlight on the water. We had a lovely dinner in the hotel dining room with an equally fine view; granted the dining vouchers we received from the airline paid for no more than a couple of drinks, but we were more than glad to spend money on dinner, given the generosity of the hotel. (They certainly could have put us in a room with an airport view.) A dreary night became a dreamy night, thanks to a truly lovely airport accommodation. Staff were all very kind and we would return to the Harborside Hyatt by choice in the future.....and maybe even hope for another lucky delay.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>waswild
<Content>Mixed review for Hyatt Harborside My husband, son and I stayed at the Harborside when we took our son to Boston for freshman orientation. Here are the positives and negatives, as I saw them, broken down:Positive:1.) Nice facility with a beautiful view if you're lucky enough to face the city.2.) Harborside grill had good food, a lovely view and very reasonable prices for LUNCH.3.) Very nice workout room and sauna. 4.) Great access to Logan Airport. Shuttle buses run a continuous circuit throughout the day.5.) Great access to the T metro trains. Hotel shuttle bus will drop you off at the airport metro station after dropping off guests with departing flights. The T is a bargain and it will get you into the city quickly.6.) Room was nicely decorated and clean.Negative:1.) My husband believes that the bed in our room was the most uncomfortable he's ever slept on - and he's been deployed overseas with the Army!2.) Not knowing any better, we booked through Priceline auction and still overpaid. I forgot to check the better bidding message boards before placing my bid. bad...bad....bad...3.) Although we paid less than the published room rate, we still paid 100% more than we should have on the auction bid, according to the bidding message boards. Nonetheless, we feel that we were given a substandard room (overlooked the airport, two EXTREMELY small, uncomfortable double beds - they were more like twin beds plus).4.) Parking is very expensive - $22.00/day, but that's supposedly okay for Boston.5.) The noise level in our room was ridiculous. I agree with the person that earlier reported about the thin walls and slamming doors. 6.) The pool area is pretty (it overlooks the harbor and city), but the pool itself is very small AND COLD. It is an indoor pool and we were there at the end of AUGUST.7.) Prices for dinner at either restaurant were very high. Room service? Ouch.8.) There is nothing close-by except the airport.9.) Attitude of the front desk staff could have been better. We didn't have any issues with them - they were just naturally standoffish.Overall...I'm just somewhere in the middle about rating this hotel. Too bad, it sits at a beautiful location and has the potential to be something special.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Decent Hotel, But Nothing Special Booked online and got a great rate, and was pleased by the ease and accuracy of check-in. The shuttle service to the subway was good, and the room quiet and clean, but worn. The hotel is close to the airport, but nothing else. My one experience at the restaurant was not good.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice View but that's All THE GOOD.... View from your room, either side. Harbor side gives great view of Boston Harbor and skyline, but it's always the same. We had the Airport View, where you can watch planes land and take off constantly, but no jet noise. I prefered the Logan view, but that's just me. Also the shuttle service was consistent and good, espcially to the airport subway stop.THE BAD.... I was told they had a business center so didn't bring laptop. I wasn't told business center is closed from Friday afternoon to Monday morning.And it cost $10 for 15 minutes on internet. OK it's Boston, but geez!!Except for one over-worked waitress, the downstairs restaurant had mediocre food and HORRIBLE service. Rude, no smiles, beg for your drink refills, find your own menu, only had two waitstaff on a Saturday night in August. You're in one of the great food cities of the world, don't eat hotel food (I told myself later).Convenient to airport, sure, but did you go to visit the airport. If you have a car (cost $22/day to park) you can drive yourself into town (pay toll and $12 to park). If you are car-less (best way to be), you have to shuttle to subway and subway to town. Subway is great and easy but I'd rather walk out of my hotel and alredy be in the center of it all.So if you just want a room with a view, this is your hotel... otherwise no.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant for a short stay   showReview(2380090, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>next time...no thank you...   showReview(2117859, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Convenient location - nice stay   showReview(2111927, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Wow!   showReview(2071949, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Williamsons
<Content>Not a 4 Star   showReview(1771179, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a 4 star   showReview(1545703, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again   showReview(1544549, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of my best hotel experiences!   showReview(1418437, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2003
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A disappointment   showReview(1219729, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MaureenOB
<Content>Great Rate-great rooms Nice place!   showReview(1144540, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绌烘腐銇繎銇忋€€椋涜姗熴倰鍒╃敤銇欍倠銇伅渚垮埄   showReview(21744916, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>PIYOSAMA
<Content>蹇欍仐銇勪汉銇伅锛э集锛激   showReview(20723067, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>peerspektive
<Content>Airpot Hotel mit kostenlosem Shuttle       Harbour View Room  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	4	4	5	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Als Zwischenstop O.K.   showReview(11433157, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11342998, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>甯般倞銇琛屾銇屾湞銇ㄣ仸...   showReview(19920500, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

