<Author>tomis
<Content>Pleasant but not great experience We stayed at the Westin Nusa Dua for 10 days over Christmas 2008 and left with mixed feelings about this hotel, as well as about its location. We stayed in a regular pool-view room for the first 5 nights, and in a royal beach club room for the remaining 5.Our first impressions were very good - spectacular lobby with tasteful Christmas decorations, plus very attentive staff and efficient check-in. We were soon on our way to a pool view room on the 5th (and last) floor. The room seemed rather small, especially after a rollaway bed was brought in to accommodate our son, but we didn't mind as we weren't going to spend too much time inside. However, we couldn't help noticing that the furniture looked worn out and unremarkable.Anyway, after a 22-hour trip from the States, we couldn't wait to take a good shower. Upon turning the hot water on, no water came out for 30 seconds of so, while a very loud hissing/whistling sound could be heard. When the water finally came out, there was no pressure whatsoever. We blamed this on the fact that we were on the last floor and told ourselves that we weren't going to let this spoil our mood. Over the next few days we grew used to these quirks and even learned to turn the faucet just so in order to minimize the initial hissing sound.On the bright side, the beds were extremely comfortable, on the not so bright side as soon as it got dark you started hearing frogs croaking -- I suspect they lived in the decorative mini lagoons and pools from around the property and if you walked on the grass late at night you risked stepping on them. We found the frogs rather annoying, especially the first couple of nights when we were still jet lagged and would wake up at odd hours.We were impressed with the hotel's buffet breakfast. One day we received a feedback form from the restaurant and were asked which food item we would have liked to have but couldn't find -- we really couldn't come up with anything. Breakfast was served between 6:30am and 11:00am and the later you got there, the more crowded and disorganized it became. This didn't turn out to be a big issue for us as the first few days we would wake up very early because of the jet lag.Maybe because it was peak season and the hotel was filled to capacity, the pool area seemed small and crowded, with chairs frequently insufficient. The beach was not much better in that respect, as it was narrow and with the sea level such that at low tide you could hardly swim. That and it was full of seaweed. All in all, a little underwelming.After the first 5 nights, we moved into a royal beach club room and expected it to be significantly better. In reality, it felt even smaler, although the furniture was nicer and in better shape. We also found a long procession of what seemed like hundreds of ants busily moving along a wall. We caled front desk and they promptly sent someone to spray the floor with some chemicals, which got us concerned for our health, as well as for the environment, but seems to have gotten rid of the ants for the duration of our stay.One work of caution about the royal beach club rooms. They are in two separate wings of the hotel on the 2nd and 3rd floors. Because they're on the lower floors, I would recommend rooms facing the garden and not the pool to minimize the noise from the pool and, if you're in the wing above the restaurant, the smell and noise from the restaurant directly below. One grievance that we had was that, although our room was non-smoking, people routinely smoked in the neighboring room's balcony and we couldn't keep our balcony door open.Access to the royal beach club lounge was a nice perk as you could get free beer and sodas all day, along with a nice light lunch and cocktails and canapes in the afternoon. I have to say, tthough, that although we're not big drinkers, the cocktails available were neither varied, nor particularly tasty, while the Balinese house wine left much to be desired. Speaking of food and drinks, the nearby Bali Collection includes many reasonably priced restaurants, although they all seem to serve the same food, more or less.On a final note, it seems that, at least during the holidays, this hotel caters mostly to Russians, so don't be surprised if hotel employees and taxi drivers greet you in Russian, or if all the conversation by the pool takes place in Russian.All in all, a pleasant enough but not outstanding experience. We probably would not go back to this particular hotel or, for that matter, to Nusa Dua which, although safe, didn't seem particularly authentic or lively.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	5	4	3	

<Author>thirdsunday
<Content>Had A Great Time Definitely a place for families. We took a Family Studio which had two rooms - one for parents and one for the kids. Kids room had PS2 and board games, and the bathroom had little steps and details like that to make things more convenient for kids.I love the fact that there are several pools, including a salt water pool (which wasn't very salty, thankfully).Staff were pretty competent. They even remembered my baby's name at breakfast!There's a kid's club but dont expect too much from the petting zoo, it's just a cage of rabbits. Nonetheless, the kids love it.Would be nice to have more variety in terms of food. There was a martial arts competition going on when we were there so the indoor restaurants were booked for private functions most of the time. Dining outdoors was beautiful but the mosquitoes can get a bit annoying.The beach was a little disappointing but that's not the hotel's fault. That's just how the water/beach is at Nusa Dua. The water breaks really far away and the water near the sand just stands still, there are no waves coming in!Overall, had a really nice time (was there for work but brought my family along). Was able to strike a nice balance between work and family.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Navada
<Content>Fabulous yet again!       Pool 1  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rixese
<Content>Very romantic with the perfect details... in the perfect honeymoon!       The main entrance of westin resort  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>twin71
<Content>Great hotel with excellent service We stayed at the Westin hotel for 13 nights and would recommend this hotel. We have been to Bali many times, but this was the first time we stayed in Nusa Dua and with children. We consisted of 3 adults and 2 children (5 and 3 year old). CHECK-IN: At check-in we had no problems. While we sat on a couch, drinking our welcome drink, next to us in a purpose built area was a kid鈥檚 lounge, where a separate staff member entertained the kids while we checked in. This was great as the children were very tired after our flight and it kept them entertained and distracted. HOTEL ROOM: We had 2 standard rooms next to each other. The hotel doesn鈥檛 have adjoining rooms, so this was a bit frustrating needing keys to go in and out of the room next door. If you are a family and would like adjoining rooms, the hotel has family studio rooms which have 1 master bedroom with a king bed and bathroom, plus a second bedroom with 3 single beds and its own bathroom. The 2 bedrooms are linked by a communal, but basic lounge room. Our room had a king sized bed and a rollaway bed, plus a writing desk and lounge, so it was a little squashed for 2 adults and 1 child, but would have been fine for 2 people. The modern bathroom had a separate toilet, marble floors and walls and a shower over the bath (this was a bit scary getting in and out of). The bathroom was a bit small, but was clean. With the turndown service, our towels were changed twice a day.SERVICE: The service was excellent at the hotel. About 98% of the staff was friendly, helpful and competent. The hotel鈥檚 food was quite good, although fairly expensive. The breakfast is excellent, as there is a lot of choice and the service was efficient (we ate around 7.30am, so it wasn鈥檛 busy, but it did get busier later in the morning). They even have a breakfast corner for small children to congregate and eat, while being supervised by a childcare worker. RESTAURANTS: We ate at the Japanese restaurant (Teppinyaki) and while my husband enjoyed it, I didn鈥檛 find it very good value. We also had a Seafood buffet one evening by the pool and this was really good; lots to choose from and the food was fresh. Room service was a bit slow (it always took 30 mins from placing the order to getting our meal), however the kid鈥檚 meals were reasonably priced and the options were suitable for everyday kids. At each restaurant you can order kids meals, which is great, as it kept the cost down.LOCATION and SHOPS: The hotel is in the middle of the Nusa Dua area. The shops in the hotel鈥檚 complex are expensive. The nearest mini mart is in the nearby Bali Collection, which consists of restaurants, souvenir shops, a department store and some boutique shops. Bali Collection is a 15 minute walk from the hotel. You can get a shuttle to and from Bali Collection, but we found these unreliable. If you get a taxi from Bali Collection, they charge 25,000 rupiah to the hotel, which is expensive, as the same taxi fare will get you to Tanjung Benoa if you flag a taxi in the street. We found Bali Collection good for the supermarket and restaurants (as they were clean and modern, not cheap, but cheaper than the hotel). The rest of the shops in this complex were expensive compared to what you would pay for the same item in Bali.If you want to go to the Kuta region, it is about a 25 minute drive from the hotel. We negotiated a fixed price with a taxi, for 70,000 rupiah one-way. If you use a taxi, ask for the meter and make sure it is turned on. The airport is a 15 minute drive from the hotel. Tanjung Benoa is a 10 minute drive. Nusa Dua and Tanjung Benoa do have the usual Bali shops for t-shirts, DVDs, shorts, trinkets etc, but if you want the most variety and competitive prices, go to Tuban or Kuta or Legian. POOLS: The hotel had a very large and deep pool closest to the beach, which was popular. A separate kid鈥檚 pool was shaded and suitable for toddlers. Another pool, also nearby but closer to the lobby was much quieter and suitable for kids and people wanting a bit more peace. This resort has a lot of families and at times it was quite noisy, so if you are a couple or single person who wants true peace, I wouldn鈥檛 stay at this hotel. Having said that, there were a lot of couples at the resort. One thing the hotel did in order to prevent people from 鈥渞eserving chairs鈥?by the pool, was each morning, they put clean folded towels on each chair and they have a policy of removing towels if the chairs aren鈥檛 used after a certain period of time. We found this worked well, as we have stayed at other hotels where you can鈥檛 get a seat by the pool due to people reserving a seat all day and going off for hours. Overall the pools were excellent and they had a variety for all ages.BEACH: The hotel was on the beach, where the sand and water were clean. The water was very calm and they had sun lounges on the sand. There were some hawkers on the beach, but they did not annoy you and you could sit on the beach in peace.KID鈥橲 CLUB: This hotel really does try to target families and does a great job in meeting their needs. At check-in kids are given a drink bottle. You can get the drink bottle filled for free, from any outlet at the Westin. The actual Westin kids club is like a mini childcare centre. They have a trampoline, swing set, slides, rabbit enclosure, rock climbing wall, sand pit, games area, playstation room and an air-conditioned room with activities. The kids club is open from 9am to 5pm and if your child is over 4, you can leave them at the kids club, supervised by friendly and helpful female staff. The hotel had a lot of scheduled activities for kids, such as Balinese dancing, kite flying, nature walks, learn Indonesian etc.SECURITY: The Balinese are very conscious that the Bali bombings stopped many tourists from coming and so they appreciate those that come. The Nusa Dua area is gated and so entry into the area is checked by security officers, who view under each car for bombs and look in the car and in the car boot. The Westin had security both out the front of the hotel and in the lobby (each time you enter the hotel you pass through a metal detector and they check your bags). The Bali Collection shopping centre had the same security measures.When we return to Bali, we will definitely go back to the Westin, as it has so much to offer and is one of the nicest hotels in Nusa Dua.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rosie04Hampton
<Content>Great for families This hotel was just fantastic, we arrived after 7 nights at the Padma in Legian, we have a family of 5, a 6,4 and 2 yr old, Padma was very busy, had to reserve a seat at the pool by 7 am, pool was not big enough for the people staying there. The Westins service was outstanding, the pools great( although quite deep-the main pool) we found the salt water pool lovely and really just had this pool to ourselves sometimes. The bars and restaurants were wonderful although a little expensive, so we would take the kids to Bali Collection at night for dinner. We loved drinks on the beach with the kids around 5 ish, so peaceful and the bar staff just wonderful, especially Augusta, great guy. The Westin really does cater for kids, kids club was super, so many activities kids wanted to stay and not come swimming ! we just paid for a babysitter for our 2 yr old. Next time we will just stay at the Westin, its just such a relaxing resort with all the facilities. Best holiday in a long time.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SueKunda99
<Content>Absolutely fantastic We have just returned from our stay in Westin resort Nusa Dua, Bali where we stayed in the Club room, 16 nights. During our stay we celebrated our wedding anniversary and the staff at the Club lounge arranged for a cake for us, which was a wonderful surprise.The resort is fantastic but its the staff that truly make you feel so special. We stayed on the Club level which has its own lounge. Part of the Club package was to include transfer to and from the airport, breakfast, lunch  canapes. Also included was soft drinks, local beer  red/white wines, this was available 24 hrs.All the restaurants at the resort are great but our favourite was the Japanese. We have stayed in lots of different resorts/hotels in our travels but have never experienced such incredible service before, especially from all the staff at the Club lounge. Special mention to Gunawan  Satryani, Club managers and all their staff and Astini who arranged pretty much anything we required.We also got to meet the General Manager, Bipan Kapur, on a number of occasions, and we were invited by Bipan, to cocktailson the night before we were to leave. There was another 5-6 couples, General Manager plus all the department Managers.They wanted to know if there was anyway that things could be improved and wanted feedback. Great way to get to know what your guests needs are.Overall I would say that this is the best resort that we have stayed at. Well done to all the staff and we will see you next year.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Rosanerek
<Content>Far from city but close to everything My wife and I stayed in this resort for 4 days as part of out trip to Bali. We chose this hotel because we are SPGs and upgrading to a better room is almost a certainty. This time we were not disappointed. Check-in was swift and personalised. Welcome fruit-plate was an expected surprise. What impressed us most was that it was refilled on the same date when we came back from the beach, with a note from the GM. We were given a standard garden view room on the third floor. It was spacious and nicely decorated. There was no bathtub but we didn't care anyway. The king-size bed was snowish white and comfortable. We had a good sleep for the entire period of our stay. Oh forget to mention there was a balcony. A cool place to stretch your legs and enjoy cold beer before dinner. The only negative was the position of the TV. My wife could only see half of the screen when she was lying on the bed.We loved the pool and the grounds. The lobby was manificent. Free and unlimited self-served welcome drink was right at the entrance. That's what we had never seen in any other resorts. The waterslide was horrifically exciting. It was ten times more exciting than those in Waterbom. I had a feeling of commiting suicide when i slid, but my wife was fanatic about it. The pool was 2.x metres deep, which was definitely an attraction to us. Sunbeds were sufficient and you could take as many towels as you liked. There were countless number of squirrels and they were not afraid of strangers. Feeding squirrels was our daily activity after breakfast. As to breakfast, it was plentiful and delicious. I loved sashimi and my wife ate two omelette every morning. The freshly squeezed juice was very heathly and refreshing.Honestly the beach was so-so with lots of seaweed and the sand was not as white as those in Phuket, Langkawi, Bintan etc. You would be disappointed if you are a beach-lover and want to swim in the sea. That said, it was a nice place for sunbathing. Sunlight was adequate but not menacing. I was tanned but not burnt. It was true that there were a number of vendors but they were not quite a nuisance. They would come over only if they were signaled to do so. There was a footpath connecting all resorts in Nusa Dua area. It was very enjoyable to wandering around when your stomach was full. We were warmly welcomed by all resorts (they even took photos for us) except Club Med. We were told that visitors were not welcomed. Give it a try if you want to know how rude and impolite a Balinese security guard could be. No big deal to us as the resort was not impressive at all. We just want to take a photo anyway. We were wondering whether we should try Club Med before. But it will not be a concern anymore after the incidence.Westin is located in the middle of local restaurants and Bali Collection. It was just ten-minute walk to these two places. We loved Balloon Restaurant most. It was very romantic to dine in a pond-side gazabo. The price was very reasonable. We ordered a lobster, a grouper, chilly clams, ceaser sald, satay chicken/beef/pork, milkshake (for my wife) and countless bottles of Bintng beer and the bill was below US$80. We loved this place so that and ..... stayed there for 3 full hours that night. Tropical was also very good. You will be able to find it in Bali Collection and area of local restaurants. It was half the price if Balloon restaurant. We seldom eat in the resort as it was quite pricey (about US$50 each, excluding drink).Will definitely recommend this resort to people who want to stay in Nusa Dua area.We may try Grand Hyatt, Conrad or Laguna next time as their grounds were stunningly beautiful.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>madhot
<Content>Whn are we gng back to the Westin?       Reception  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	2	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>RubyBern
<Content>We expected more My husband and I spend 12 days in May 2008 in the Westin Resort. Last year we also stayed at Nusa Dua but in the Laguna Resort next door.Overall, we were a little disappointed by the rooms, the service (especially the breakfast service) and the resort itself.The resort has a really impressive reception area, suited to receive very large groups, which is not a coincidence due to the fact that the hotel is attached to the Bali Convention center. Check-in was very fast and nice and we were promptly escorted to our room.The room had a pool-view, where we had also a small view on the beach. It was quite spacious but there were a few too many negatif aspects for a 5 star resort:the walls in the room had all kind of stains, the furniture was a bit too old and scratched. While the bed itself was a dream, it was quite annoying that it would move away from the wall, while one is moving. The light switchsystem was not correctly wworking, so that we have to try a few times before having all the lights out. The air-condition was not properly functionning. The curtains had very ugly stainsThe bathroom also was a bit too old (compared to the Laguna next door). And the worst were the little insects we had in our room: you could not open a can of lemonade and leave on the bedside for more than 5 minutes without it being infested with ants.Also we had a few problems with our key cards which suddenly, for no obvious reason, stopped working .The service: even though the personnel in the breakfast room was very nice and always smiling, the room was very crowded, there werent at times not enough tables. A few times I had to reask for my coffee. It all seemed a bit disorganised. During my holidays I want to be relaxed and not stressed out during breakfast. The pool area was really great, there were enough places and you never had the impression that it was overcrowded. We took a few snacks at the pool and I trully fell in love with their go chocolate nuts ice cream.Their spa is also really good and relaxing.The resort is great, but at this price we expected a bit more.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	3	4	3	4	

<Author>larissa28
<Content>Great location, hotel itself not as good as expected My husband and I have spent a two weeks vacation at the Westin in April. It was our second trip to Bali / Nusa Dua (after another two weeks stay at Meli谩 Bali in 2000) and I would still say, that Bali is one of the most beautiful beach destinations I have been to (and we have travelled a lot, especially in Asia within the last years).Nusa Dua probably has one of the nicest beaches of the island and there is good choice of restaurants and shops nearby - either at Bualu village, which ist right in front of the entrance to Nusa Dua area, or at the Galleria Shopping centre inside Nusa Dua area. But be prepared, that most of the restaurants offer almost the same foods / have the same menu, so that choice is actually limited. Since Nusa Dua is an artificially created tourist area, there is no nightlife at all. But this doesn't really matter, since Kuta (where you find an endless number of shops, restaurants, nightlife...) is only a 15-minutes taxi-ride (about 60.000 Rp / 3,50 鈧? away. Taxi drivers are waiting right in front of the hotel main gate.Concerning the Westin hotel...The hotel itself has nice surroundings. Pool area, lobby, gardens are all as nice, as you would expect for a 5-star hotel. The beach is beautiful and even at low tide, you can still take a refreshing dip in the water (compared to the beach at Meli谩 Bali hotel, where there is no water at all at low tide). The great advantage of the Westin is the location. Since it is right in the middle of Bualu village and the Galleria Shopping Centre, you can walk to both locations within 5-10 minutes. Restaurants at Bualu village as well as the Galleria Centre provide a free transportation to all Nusa Dua hotels. Besides, I would like to mention the very well equiped gym, which is 24-hours open, has lots of exercising machines, which all come with an own flat-screen TV. Definitively the best hotel gym I've ever seen at a beach resort.Which was really terrible about the hotel was the service at the breakfast-restaurant. It was always very crowded, staff didn't have an overview about free tables. In was usually not easy to get some tea or coffee and you were never asked, if you would like to have a second cup of tea / coffee. The staff did not clean tables before placing new guests (which I consider as not very hygienic) and you had to wait an eternety for a waiter to take away your used dishes. Since the tables were very small, this was a real problem. Concerning this, I would definitifely expect more of a 5-star / Westin hotel.The rooms (we have booked a standard garden room and had to move after one week because of really huge cockroaches in the bathroom), which were supposed to be newly renovated (that's what they promise on their webside), were disappointing as well. Maybe they painted the walls within the last two years, but the bathroom has not seen a renovation within the last years, as far as I can say. The room itself was not more than average for a beach resort.All in all, I would not stay at this hotel again. If you are willing to spend about 10 鈧?more per night, the Laguna hotel (which is located right next to the Westin) seems to be the much better choice. To me, the Laguna seems to be the best choice in Nusa Dua.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	4	1	-1	

<Author>pechung
<Content>Great hotel Bali trip April10-20Airport: Upon arrival at the airport, you have to buy a $25 pp Visa to enter the country. Once outside the airport, the taxi ticket booth is on the right side.Money: At the airport, you have to change money to the Rupiah, as you will need taxi money. Also, during my stay here, I found that, you cannot really use the US Dollar at any stores or restaurants. The airport exchange rate was 8,950 Rupiahs for US $1. (at an exchange company in Kuta, we got about 9,130 Rupiahs for US $1). There are places that offer much higher exchange rate, but they do not mention the fees and I鈥檝e been warned that some may try to pass off fake Rupiahs. The taxi ride to the Le Meridien cost 170,000 Rupiahs.Bargaining鈥攁s an example, we were looking at buying a Bali scrap book, for photos and such. The range went as high as 200,000 to as low as 70,000, for the same item, when going to different vendors. We ended up paying 30,000 through bargaining. We also bought a fake pair of Crocs for our son. Vendors were asking as high as 100,000鈥e ended up paying 30,000. Taxis are also up for bargaining. A ride from Kuta to Westin in Nusa Dua started with an offer of 70,000 but quickly went down to 50,000. Bargain boldly but don鈥檛 be offensive. Food鈥擣ood can be as cheap as US $1 per dish in some local places or as high as 70,000 for the same dish, in other places. It鈥檚 certainly cheaper than any restaurant in the US but, again, factor in the cost of the taxi to get there and back and it comes out pretty close to US prices. A lot (but not all) of local restaurants (and all hotel restaurants) add a 10% tax and 10% tip鈥hat鈥檚 a whopping 20% added onto the bill. Warung Made restaurant has two locations, one in Kuta, near Kuta Square and the newer, bigger one in Seminyak. The food is pretty good, especially their grilled Snapper and local dishes Nasi Goreng and Mie Goreng, and fried squid in garlic sauce. The 3 of us can walk out very full for under 200,000 Rps. Bali trip April10-20Airport: Upon arrival at the airport, you have to buy a $25 pp Visa to enter the country. Once outside the airport, the taxi ticket booth is on the right side.Money: At the airport, you have to change money to the Rupiah, as you will need taxi money. Also, during my stay here, I found that, you cannot really use the US Dollar at any stores or restaurants. The airport exchange rate was 8,950 Rupiahs for US $1. (at an exchange company in Kuta, we got about 9,130 Rupiahs for US $1). There are places that offer much higher exchange rate, but they do not mention the fees and I鈥檝e been warned that some may try to pass off fake Rupiahs. The taxi ride to the Le Meridien cost 170,000 Rupiahs.Bargaining鈥攁s an example, we were looking at buying a Bali scrap book, for photos and such. The range went as high as 200,000 to as low as 70,000, for the same item, when going to different vendors. We ended up paying 30,000 through bargaining. We also bought a fake pair of Crocs for our son. Vendors were asking as high as 100,000鈥e ended up paying 30,000. Taxis are also up for bargaining. A ride from Kuta to Westin in Nusa Dua started with an offer of 70,000 but quickly went down to 50,000. Bargain boldly but don鈥檛 be offensive. Food鈥擣ood can be as cheap as US $1 per dish in some local places or as high as 70,000 for the same dish, in other places. It鈥檚 certainly cheaper than any restaurant in the US but, again, factor in the cost of the taxi to get there and back and it comes out pretty close to US prices. A lot (but not all) of local restaurants (and all hotel restaurants) add a 10% tax and 10% tip鈥hat鈥檚 a whopping 20% added onto the bill. Warung Made restaurant has two locations, one in Kuta, near Kuta Square and the newer, bigger one in Seminyak. The food is pretty good, especially their grilled Snapper and local dishes Nasi Goreng and Mie Goreng, and fried squid in garlic sauce. The 3 of us can walk out very full for under 200,000 Rps. Westin Nusa DuaVery nice hotel but the rooms were nicer at the Le Meridien. Westin rooms are smaller for sure. The Westin also has a pool slide but it does not compare to the one at Le Meridien. Upon check-in, the kid got a Kid鈥檚 Club cup that he can use throughout his stay to refill on any soda. Again, the breakfast buffet is good (750 starpoints) and the kids eat free. Good deal. The swimming pool can get as deep as 7.5 ft in spots; not as child friendly as Le Meridien. Westin kids club is also free and offer daily activities. They have video games, slides, a trampoline, rockwall climbing, fishing. Overall, a pretty nice club but no one really seemed to be using it much. Our kid didn鈥檛 want to go, either. The ladies in there were pretty tired looking and without much enthusiasm, unlike other kid鈥檚 clubs I鈥檝e been too. But hey, it鈥檚 free. The beach is ok, not great; too much seaweed/sea grass floating in the water. But, they have Bales on the sand that you can use for free and they are really comfortable for sitting around, shaded from the sun; very nice for reading or napping. The beach water is clear water, but nothing like Moorea or Bora Bora water. I鈥檇 liken the water clarity to Hawaii (not blue in color..it鈥檚 just clear) The water temperature is nice and warm but again, I expected a little more from Bali.My wife did a massage at a local place that picks you up (complimentary pick up/drop off). Cost was US $25 for 1.5 hours of Balinese massage. I think it鈥檚 called the Sekar Jegat (we found it on Tripadvisor). By no means is she a connoisseur of great massages but she felt it to be pretty mediocre. According to her, there was lots of rubbing and not much else. She鈥檚 had better massages in Los Angeles. Yes, it cost her 3x what it cost in Bali, but it was also much cleaner and more relaxing/relieving. In my mind, I had this idea that it would be a great massage for 1/3 the cost of California. It turned out to be a mediocre massage for a lower price than California. You get the picture.Also, the room had a lot of little insects (tiny spiders and tiny ants) in the room. I don鈥檛 think you can get away from it, since you are in a Tropical locale. I did see pesticide being sprayed everyday around dusk.Westin offers free shuttle 2x a day to Kuta. One is at 1000 and the other is at 1600. The ride is about 25 minutes. They don鈥檛 really advertise the free shuttle, so you need to ask.Overall impression鈥擨 expected Bali to be really, really cheap WITH quality and I was expecting Bali to have this crystal clear water all over. Neither is true. Yes, we had meals for the 3 of us for under $20 but when you factor in taxi costs to get there and back, well鈥?it鈥檚 really a wash. Again, yes, the souvenirs can be really cheap but they all sell the same stuff鈥shirts, pictures, clothes, fake crocs, wood carved items, etc鈥?I can find this stuff in the USA, too. The beaches are certainly no better than Hawaii. In fact, I personally think that Hawaii has much better water in terms of clarity and color. So, when you factor in the 19 hours of flying from California to get here鈥?let鈥檚 just say that I鈥檝e done Bali and I don鈥檛 need to do it again. Just my opinion. I鈥檓 glad I came and experienced Indonesian culture and its other offerings, but I think once is enough for me. Friendly locals and very helpful people but I think Bali itself is just overhyped. Although, the surfers sure seem to love this place; I鈥檓 sure they鈥檒l have a different outlook on Bali. Also, if you鈥檙e young and single and into the club scene, there seems to be plenty for that crowd in Kuta.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>tynert2
<Content>Nice hotel, but not worth the $       The beach  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	5	5	2	2	4	

<Author>sventhor
<Content>BIG 5* Hotel We were put up at this hotel by our employer, as part of a recognition trip.This hotel is similar to ALL the hotels in Nusa Dua. Nusa Dua is basically just one large enclave of 5* resorts...not really my scene. Everything here is basically put on for the tourists, and loses a lot of the real essence of Bali.As for the hotel itself, it was big, impressive and expensive! For a 5* hotel, I didn't think the rooms were particularly lavish. Although that said, there wasn;t really anything wrong with them.I agree with some other reviews, that the pool area is very segmented. Meaning you have a kids pool and swim up bar put together, and hidden behind the main pool.If 5* luxury is your thing, I would suggest look at the Legian or Seminyak area. You can still get the luxuries, while maintaining some of the real Bali!Good luck.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tanyatia
<Content>Wouldn't Stay Again We arrived to the hotel,it's huge  to be honest was a little overwealmed by the size. No one assisted us to get to check in  this was needed, no signs or assistance. The lady at check in didn't speak english well  was very confused by our booking  we then got taken to the Royal Lounge as we had a private check in due to the room we had booked. They were unorganised  took forever to check us in, but we didn't let this bother us as they had just upgraded us to a suite.Nice one!! Room was large,nothing special, but suite stunk of smoke  we were on a non smoking floor. Reported this  they said there was nothing they could do, no change of room avaliable. We found our stay to be a horrible experience. I have no idea how that get a 4 to 5 star rating as our experience was less than 3 star. Huge hotel, not enough staff, not personal at all.Examples of why is:Shuttle offered as complimentary ride to Kuta was a beat up van falling apart. The driver stopped for petrol during our trip in  made us wait in a petrol station with locals all around, we felt unsafe.The pool bar is not acessible enough from the poolShower pressure was no existant with the water hot  cold during your showerOne of their resturants Ikan, whilst it is great food throughout the hotel, we waited for 15mins after being seated to be offered a drink  we were only asked after I had to get someone. There were people leaving  having to wave their hands around to get attention.Daily paper, well only once during our stay not each day.We will not return here due to the service, you pay big money to stay at a hotel like the Westin  expect a certain level. The club lounge is the best part of this hotel  the food is great. But you could get better facilities  service for half the price elsewhere.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	4	1	2	4	

<Author>ndmba
<Content>Not Great - Not Bad       2blikedaddy  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>atwater5122
<Content>A nice hotel but should be prepared for rainy days         
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	2	5	2	

<Author>Spoonos
<Content>Very disappointed - not up to the Westin's usual standard I have to say that our experience at the Westin over New Year was very different to some of the reviews on this site. We were extremely disappointed with the overall level of service in the hotel and whilst we took the time to meet with the Assistant Manager to raise our concerns whilst we were there, he never followed up with us. We stayed in the family rooms which were great - good size and accommodated our two kids and my mother perfectly. Little touches like Play Station and kids board games in the room was also a nice touch.At check-in, which took ages, someone forgot to give us our kids packs which included cups where the children can get free drink refills throughout their stay. We only realised we were missing out on this when we noticed other kids with these cups but by that stage we had been there 5 days and had been paying! This oversight was just one of the many issues we had during our week-long stay.The service in the restaurant for breakfast every morning was appalling, The maitre'd had no control over assigning tables, so people were waiting for ages for tables to be cleared and just grabbing free tables when people got up to leave, as they were tired of waiting. The queue for waffles and pancakes meant at least a 20 minute wait each morning.Service in the beach restaurant (The 'Ikan') at dinner was also slow. The waiters did not have a clue about wine and we were frequently served white wine when we had ordered red! On two occasions, we waited up to 45 minutes to get a drink.The straw that broke the camel's back though, was the debacle over their New Years Eve Celebration. If you stay at the hotel over New Year, it is complulsory to attend (or at least pay for) their celebration dinner. The cost was US$200 plus 21% tax per adult and US$100 plus 21% tax per child. We would never choose to pay US$600 for a dinner with our two young kids, but we were not able to opt out, which really annoyed us. What annoyed us even more though, was that this was a buffet dinner and when we arrived, we were told that wine and drinks were extra!There were some good points in the hotel - kids area in the restaurant at breakfast, the well-equipped gym (although they don't provide bottles of water for some reason?) and the great covered sun domes on the sun beds. Overall though we were very disappointed. We felt the hotel was too big, too impersonal and lacked the intimacy and warmth of many other Bali hotels we have stayed in over the years.Needless to say, we won't be going back to the Westin in Bali again, even though we have enjoyed staying at many of their other properties. It was a very disappointing experience!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	1	1	4	

<Author>ChinaExpat
<Content>A High Quality Family Resort Hello all. I am a Canadian expat working in China. I travel often and I recently chose the Bali Westin Spa and Resort in Nusa Dua as my holiday destination for my family and I. I have a wife and two children aged 7 and 9.At the Westin I stayed in a two-bedroom Royal Club family suite with an ocean view. The room itself was lovely, everything that you would expect from a 5 star resort. The beds and bathrooms were clean and tidy, the service of the staff was remarkably friendly and helpful; Bali is truly a service-oriented place and it was a pleasure to vacation there. I was greeted at the airport and my airport transfers were included with my room rate, check in was a breeze and the buffet breakfasts were great. Every restaurant at the resort, including room service, had a children鈥檚 menu, which was incredibly helpful. The Westin is very child oriented.One note about the rooms, if you want an ocean view, be warned now that there is a bar/restaurant on the beach at the Westin, just below the ocean front rooms. I believe it鈥檚 called the 鈥淚kan鈥? and in the evening they have music and dancing and they throw a bit of a party; not good for little kids who are trying to go to bed at 10pm after a full day of swimming. So be ready, ocean view rooms mean later nights with loud music, it usually rounded up around midnight which is fine for the wife and I but a little too much for the little ones.A note about the location: for those who haven鈥檛 been to Nusa Dua it is a fairly isolated place. It lacks any community and it is essentially just a peninsula of 5 star resorts sharing the same long beach. Fine for those that want to sit and rest; but a 30 minute taxi ride to Kuta if you want to play in the waves, enjoy some shopping or eat at a restaurant outside the hotel. My wife loved the spa treatments; my kids loved the swimming pool and calm ocean. Note, Nusa Dua has no waves at all 鈥?great for snorkeling.I highly recommend this resort for anyone with kids. In fact when I was there over xmas it was packed with families, it was a great atmosphere.Enjoy.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>monroebali
<Content>great hotel we are very sorry only stay two days, we should stay longer with westin Bali where they pampered us so good.all range form check in staff to tennis court people so accomodating our need.we sure will be with westin nusa dua again next april 2008monroe, naples FL  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>mlm-bl
<Content>Fabulous stay! While I often think of this vacation, I am just now getting around to telling about our wonderful stay at the Westin. We took the Beach Club Lounge package and we found it was an extraordinary value. Included was a wonderful breakfast (with lattes made to order), a buffet lunch, cocktail hour snacks and all the wine (Australian), beer, and fabulous cocktails a person could want. We can not say enough about the wonderful staff in the Beach Club Lounge. They literally catered to our every need. They patiently answered all our questions about their culture and even when I got a little personal they were very kind and accommodating. We spent a little too much of our vacation in the lounge drinking and talking because the staff are so wonderful and interesting.We had dinner at the Beach restaurant and the food was fabulous and the setting very romantic. A live band was playing and they were excellent.Our initial room was beautiful (but smallish) so on the second night we took the offered upgrade (they will ask) and we took the suite, complete with separate dining and living rooms and two bathrooms. It was perfect. The Hotel assisted with hiring us a driver for several day trips and this was so inexpensive we couldn鈥檛 believe it. We went off-site to a Spa (cheap but not air-conditioned) but ended up doing a majority of our Spa activities in the Hotel because of the convenience. The massage, pedicure and body scrubs were wonderful. I would pass on the milk bath next time.The gym was great and when we there, they were in the process of upgrading and moving to a new location, so I imagine it would be even better.The beach was lovely but there are hawkers so we spent a good part of the time around the pool which was kept at a perfect temperature. We never had a problem finding a nice shady spot no matter what time of day.We can not wait to return to the Westin Nusa Dua!!!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>katieg249886
<Content>Fantastic Honeyymoon We chose Bali as our Honeymoon as neither of us had been there before and we wanted to go to the Far East. Upon arrival at the airport you are required to pay $25 airport tax so be pepared for that. When we pulled up to the Westin the entrance was awesome there were 4-5 conceirge waiting and a Balinese musician, we were offered cold flannels and a cocktail as soon as we arrived. Check in took about 10 minutes and as we were honeymooners we received a complimentry hours massage each. The room was spacious huge bed and good size bathroom with Molton Brown Products No bath though. We received chocolates or cake every day around 5pm freshly made. The pool area is clean with a swim up bar. The beach area is literally 20 steps from the pool to the sea. There are a few balinese sellers on the beach they all have the same t shirts on with different numbers they dont hassle you though. Breakfast is good a wide variety The evening food was awesome every day we had something different and each time just fab. All the staff are very friendly and will go out of their way. You can easily access the other hotels which you can eat in also which is right next door. Not much entertaiment going on but jump in a cab and head into town wher e there is loads going on its about 15 mins and around $6 each way. I would definately reccomend this hotel we had a lovely time  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>J0achim
<Content>Simply loved it!! Spent 4 nights at Westin Beach Club Room and loved it! The staff was extremely nice and accomadating, the heavenly beds was really heavenly and the hotel was beautiful. Even the animals were friendly...:) Had a squirrel eat outta my hand and didn't bite my finger off..:) THe beach was a little dissapointing tho. as there were always seaweeds stuck to your legs when you take a swim. Apart from that, the hotel was simply magnificent! Would recommend it and would definitely stay there the next time I visit.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Moojie
<Content>Best hotel in Nusa Dua       Westin's private beach!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>funkymama888
<Content>Not Worth The Price We stayed here in July for our wedding anniversary. We paid more than $200 for the room at the Royal Beach wing but the room was pretty small and quite a letdown.The furnishing inside the room was okay, but overall the hotel did have a pretty tired look about it. Service was so so. The breakfast spread was okay but I did expect a bit more from the Westin.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>A.Stefano
<Content>GREAT HOTEL AND SERVICE I've been in Westin Nusa Dua for 7 nights. We got a Beach Club Room which was very close to the beach and had the acccess to the Beach Club reception/bar. The room was nice and clean even if nothing superb, but the service that we got was just perfect. The staf was always super polite and smiling all the times, but not because they had to, but because that's the way they are.The hotel is very clean and quite. The beach is nice and there are private guards everywhere so that you can feek very safe all the time. Before entering Nusa Dua and then before entering the hotel there were security checks and the hotel one had also a dog for bombs.Even if there are better and more expensive hotels in Bali, I would go back there for sure. Very very good for the money.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>tjp1994
<Content>Excellent hotel - but beach is below standard The Westin Nusa Dua is a great getaway. Although I was there for a work conference - I can imagine people pick this as a honeymoon spot. Needless to say many people looked as if they were on their honeymoon.Service is great, the pool area excellent, many restaurants all is awesome. The area is not exciting though. You have no idea you are in Bali, as these top tier hotels are located in some form of compound, heavily secured (because of the bomings of course). They do all they can in terms of security - and I felt very safe and had no problems what so ever.The beach was the least: during low tide it turns into a muddy lagoon, as more people already mentioned. You can not swim, so in that sense it is not really a beach resort. Even when the tide is high, it is still shallow, the reef at the far end is inaccessible, so don't expect wave swimming or waterrsports.For the rest, great  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RanchuBoy
<Content>HoneyMoon Heaven We stayed in the Westin for 4 nights from July 25th to July 29th of 2007 for our Honeymoon. From the moment we walked in, we were very impressed with the look and staff of the hotel. Beautiful architecture and close access to a beautiful beach.They made a mistake on our first night giving us 2 double beds but made up for it by upgrading us to a Pool View King Bed. It was a VERY comfortable stay in a great area for travellers. Nusa Dua is great if you want to feel like you're not in Indonesia (because honestly the rest of it is quite poor). We had a great time at the Westin and recommend it to anybody.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>14Roger
<Content>Fantastic Hotel, Great Service, Beach not as nice as expected       Inside View of the Hotel Room Area- Open Air  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ClaireCanberra
<Content>Amazing hotel We have just returned from a 10 day holiday spent at the Westin.We could not fault the hotel in any way and would recommend it to anyone.We stayed in a Royal Beach Club romm which overlooked the pool and beach and were impressed with the high standards of room care - we particularly liked the 'Heavenly ' bed!The Royal Beach Club was like an oasis within the resort and from the Mercedes pickup at the airport onwards the care and attention to detail was fabulous.We also shared the visit with Prime Minister John Howard and the President Of Indonesia, so we had no security worries - we particularly liked the hospital ship offshore!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>coolden
<Content>One of best stays ever       Lobby at night  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nevyn_3
<Content>Stunning A truly memorable spot right on the beach at Nusa Dua with stunning views over the palm lined ocean. Dinner at the restaurant right on the shore was a wonderful way to spend the evening.From the friendliness and helpfullness of the staff, the central pool area, the location ... everything was just right.Located within easy walking distance of local restaurants and shopping, the Westin offered the isolation from the constant hawkers that you need after a few days in Bali, but still allowed you to access the local food and shopping at street (as opposed to resort) prices.Would definitely stay there again  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kiwi1Perth
<Content>fantastic location we have just returned fron 10 days in this hotel in Nusa Dua Bali.the hotel has several larger pools for swimming in which are just fantastic one of them even has a small water slide for the kids to play on. The resturants are very nice, the one beside the pool area is where you have your breakfast each day, our package had ours included and we were provided with an array of food from fresh fruit right thru to a fully cooked breakfast. we had a lot of meals at the beach front resturant which is all but on the beach and the food and service there was great and even well priced for this type of hotel. if you want to eat local, the areas out side the hotel grounds have ample local resturants to choose from. you are not hassled by hawkers at this hotel as the area is controlled and they are only on the beach for a few hours at a time and have a number so you can report them if you are hassled, we found them fun and easy to barter with.the kids club is good with a full range of activities for the kids to do during the day.our room was very nice but one thing dont get a room in the reception lobby area as its very noisey, this is a large hotel and has a lot of people comming and going all the time. we asked to be moved to a side wing away from the lobby and where cheerfully and promptly moved and got a great room facing the pool.would we stay there again, yes for sure as we love the nusa dua location well away from kuta etc but make sure you dont get a room in the lobby area. all tours come and go from this area so getting around is no problem at all  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>limelight_orange
<Content>An OK Hotel Just returned from a four-day break in Bali. We stayed the whole four nights at Westin, later we know that the hotel was Sheraton Nusa Indah before. We booked the hotel thru travel agent which costed us about 190 USD for 'Pool View Room'. The hotel itself is located in Nusa Dua, next to Nusa Dua Beach and The Laguna. Check - in was good. We get escorted by the check-in person right away and was given a welcome drink (a kind of 'elixir' not juice or something) which is fine. Rooms are not big, they'e quite small actually, even though they have balcony. The view from our room is quite beautiful, facing the large pool. The beach is a kind of lagoon-like, there is no wave at all, unless you consider the very small lake-like wave, but the plus thing is that you can see the small marine life, with fishes and crabs all around the lagoons. They have many watersports there, including kayaking (which we tried, costs us around 10 USD per hour), windsurfing, etc. Pools are quite salty -- dunno why is that, but huge pool with lots of water activites including water volleyball, and a basket ring. There is a water slide too (used by children and adults as well!). Breakfast is quite good, lots of variations even though they don't refill them fast. The thing that we don't like is probably that there is no sauna or jacuzzi at all, which is a bit of letdown, since we were hoping that a hotel like Westin should have them! They provide a kind of coccoons (which is pictured in the hotel site), but don't be fooled by it, there are only around 6 coccoons! The bales are good, and they provide a kind of massage (though we don't try) facing the beach for some cost.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>S3CR3T3X3C
<Content>Little slice of heaven for families This is an absolutely amazing family-friendly resort. We stayed there for five wonderful days and it was fantastic. The weather in Bali is incredible and the place is out of this world. The hotel people are great and we recommend this place with very very few reservations.What we liked/loved: - FAMILY FRIENDLY -- the staff love kids and they are wonderful- Gorgeous grounds and a wonderful beachfront - Nice eateries - Awesome pools- Unique property with stylish flair - Amazing breakfast buffetWhat we did not like so much: - Rooms while large and modern are getting a little tiny bit worn - the Westin needs to invest in minor cosmetics and cleanup -- we saw several dings, skid marks etc. in elevators and around the property. Not a huge issue but the Westin could so easily take care of it all.- The beach itself has seaweed and at low tide becomes a bit of a marine biology locale (snails, fish, anemones etc.) with giant tide pools all of which which is fascinating (our kids loved it) but can be a little daunting if you want to just swim around. What I am trying to say is that Nusa Dua is not the world's best swimming beach. However the pools more than make up for this.- The restaurants can get a little pricey but hey...Bottom line: would we go back? ABSOLUTELY! I hope someone from Westin is reading this. All they need is a can of paint and some cleaning people and this place will be heaven on earth :-) !!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>makichan
<Content>Family Friendly I spent about 10 days at The Westine Resort Nusa Dua. It is absolutly family friendly. There are kids room facility, water slider for kids to play. My daughter who was 5 yrs old had a wonderful time and we also had a great time. They have got several choice of restaurants, (go for the one on the beach...I think it call Ikan restaurant) was lovely. Even if you get sick of the hotel food, you can wonder around other resort or local restaurant as well.Big swimming pool, and what I enjoy most was there is a Bale (Balinese Style Gazibo wich pillow and matress) to relax. The Kids are happy, the adults are happy and it was good.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mattiedragon
<Content>Family Bliss - loved the Westin, Nusa Dua We have just had the most wonderful family holiday at the Westin, Nusa Dua. We stayed in the fabulous family suites which consist of 2 separate bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 2 balconies and large entry area. The staff were fantastic. One of my children has a severe food allergy and everybody from the General Manager down made sure that we had a safe holiday. The food was fantastic, especially the Ikan restaurant. Also the massages on the bales overlooking the ocean were to die for! We are busy planning our next trip back. The Kids Club was the best we have ever encountered, our 6 year old begged to go every day.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SimpleTravellerSG
<Content>Heavenly       Incredibly Delicious Omelettes - you must try them at least once !  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>happytravels24
<Content>Westin was Excellant My husband and I just returned from a terrific holiday in Bali. We stayed at the Westin and got a suite in the Royal Beach Club. The Royal Beach Club is well worth the money. For $60 a day we had a full breakfast, lunch, evening cocktails and appetizers and free drinks all day (including wine and beer). Plus, you get can DVDs from the club and you get 2 pieces of laundry a person done for free each day. The resort itself is very family friendly which was nice. We also liked Nusa Dua and felt very safe since there is fairly heavy security. However, Nusa Dua is pretty Western, so we ventured out regularly to make sure we also experienced the Balinese culture (hire a driver and enjoy!). If we ever returned to Bali, I'd stay here again in a heartbeat. The staff made us feel so welcome and treated us like royalty.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>elynchking
<Content>Great Family Hotel       Nightly Parade  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Aragorn
<Content>Excellent hotel especially for families I stayed here recently for 4 days and 3 nights with my family and I would like to say that it's a brilliant hotel to stay at particularly if you have children! The hotel in itself is a nice five star hotel with very spacious grounds, a nice beach and freshwater and seawater pools but they were extremely kid and family friendly that it made our stay there really pleasant. My kids age 7 and 2 simply loved spending time at the beach and pool and there is an amazing Kids Club which they thoroughly enjoyed. They also provide activities and child minding facilities if your child is older than 4. We did not really use this facility but it's good if your children are slightly older and you need some time for yourself.The staff are attentive and friendly (but the Balinese people are generally very welcoming) and I would certainly recommend this hotel for families. The rooms are a little small since we had a king size bed and a rollaway bed since our children prefered to share our room but otherwise had a great view of the pool. Incidentally, we were upgraded as Starwood Preferred guests which was a very nice touch. We tried the Ikan restaurant which was very romantic and beautiful as it is by the sea and the food was not bad either! The breakfast selection at the Verandah was good and is the usual standard American breakfast fare. We also ate at the pool side bar a couple of times. On the whole, we had a nice time and the children have already made plans to go back next year although this time, I plan to stay for longer - perhaps 4 days at the Westin and 3 days in Ubud since we love Bali.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>p33ljo
<Content>Superb stay at the Westin We stayed at the Westin for 10 nights in mid November 2006From the moment we arrived at the airport and met our private limo to transfer us to the Hotel we knew that we had made the right choice. We had upgraded our package to the Royal beach Club hence the private transfer! This was followed by a personal check in and intro to the hotel and facilities. The Westin is wonderfull, clean smart, rooms are a good size typical American proportions , we had two king size beds which are Westin Heavenly beds, and wow are they heavenly, you just do not want to get out of them on a morning they are so comfortable. The Royal package is great value for money, you have a private dining lounge with sofa and huge plasma tv, free internet access, full breakfast daily, excellent lunch , free evening cocktails and soft drinks, wine and beer, all day ,if you felt like it!. We even had the luxury of two items of laundry per person per day done for you at no extra charge which is ideal in the tropical climate of Bali. The staff are superb very attentive and happy to help you at any time. The pool was excellent as it was around 35 degrees every day and clear blue sky, no sign of rain for 10 days so we where lucky with the weather, it is very humid and you can not just lie down in the sun or you would boil.Bali itself is a large island with a population of 3 million so it is not a desert island but to combine the atmosphere and sites of the island, temples, volcanoes, wonderful beaches and great food it is fantastic. Go to Bali dont miss it!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>King2
<Content>westin was excellent Stayed here early October fro 10 nights, which I have to say went by very quickly.The hotel was fantastic and the staff were 1st class.It was a beautiful resort with all the hotels accessed by a walkway along the beach, so you can join other hotels if you wish during the evenings. Catch a cocktail at the Ikan Beach Bar between 5 and 6 Happy Hour. Well worth it. The Staff here are fantastic and Made the Main Man was excellent. The Barbecue weekly event was well worth it, lots to choose and relax to the music.Ikan restuarant was excellent.Lots of watersports to choose along the beach if you wish.We had a fantastic time and the weather was brilliant  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelDazzle
<Content>Perfect Honeymoon!   showReview(5806344, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>holee
<Content>5 star all the way, newly renovated, beautiful and excellent service   showReview(5726234, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MelbourneMarty
<Content>wow   showReview(5407469, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LuckyTiger
<Content>Great hotel   showReview(5068323, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sincerely
<Content>service this bad, tot i'm in westin KL   showReview(4731445, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>melly192
<Content>Outstanding service at Westin Nusadua   showReview(4399952, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lou7
<Content>first class with kids   showReview(4038439, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>warnerbro
<Content>Western Hotel planted in Bali   showReview(3680884, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazingly beatiful, luxurious resort.   showReview(3316525, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>paulandflorence
<Content>Westin: Good, but Sheraton (next door) EVEN BETTER   showReview(2852374, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>DPKoenig
<Content>Super service   showReview(22471722, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TITRITNATLAS
<Content>Juste le reve !!!   showReview(21223809, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偩銉笺儓   showReview(20753313, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>micheleBari
<Content>Meraviglioso Westin!   showReview(19112183, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>manuelsven
<Content>Spitze   showReview(15159292, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇倱銇炽倞銇с亶銇俱仚   showReview(19169787, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>搴伄閲庣敓銇儶銈广伅銆侀浠樸亼銇曘倢銇︺亰銈婃墜涔椼倞銉偣銇с仚   showReview(19166573, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Superbe hotel 脿 Nusa Dua et service impeccable.   showReview(11668265, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€楂樸仹銇椼仧銆?#x201d;   showReview(19165614, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>giacomo_C
<Content>pr茅parez vos polaires!   showReview(10052837, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	2	4	1	2	4	

<Author>Erayani
<Content>Westlicher Luxus auf Bali!       Lobby  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Assan87
<Content>Sehr angenehmes Hotel   showReview(8367250, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(11458384, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閬告姙銉熴偣銇с仐銇熴€?#x201d;   showReview(19161872, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇倱銇炽倞銇с亶銇俱仐銇熴€?#x201d;   showReview(19161421, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偩銉笺儓銇椼仧銇勬柟銇偑銈广偣銉?#x201d;   showReview(19161380, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>clairiere
<Content>tr茅s bel h么tel               
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹舵棌閫ｃ倢銇亰銇欍仚銈?#x201d;   showReview(19160013, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent hotel a Bali   showReview(11380354, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠ュ墠銉屻偟銈ゃ兂銉€銉笺伄鏅?..   showReview(19927704, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍓嶅洖娉娿伨銇ｃ仧鏅傘伅銉屻偟...   showReview(19927537, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍙嬩汉澶銇ㄩ儴灞嬩簣绱勩仐...   showReview(19925405, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐝惧湪銉°偆銉炽儹銉撱兗銇屼慨...   showReview(19921275, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闅ｃ伄銈枫偋銉┿儓銉炽兓銉┿偘...   showReview(19916746, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>1鏈?0鏃ラ爟銇犮仯銇熴伄...   showReview(19916418, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

