<Author>EuroTraveler49
<Content>Wonderful Hotel This is a fabulous hotel that I would recommend to everyone visiting Barcelona. The rooms were modern, clean and very quiet. The location is wonderful and just off the La Rambla and near several Metro stations. If coming from the Airport, the Aerobus for only 4,20 euros leaves every 10 minutes and will drop you off at the Placa de Catalunya which is a short walk from the Hotel. The staff were friendly and gave wonderful recommendations for restaurants nearby.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bluerocks13
<Content>Barcelona NH Duc de la Victoria is an great hotel and most perfect for my 5-day stay while visiting Barcelona. The location is great and the customer service is wonderful. One of the nights I witnessed excellent customer service from their front desk staff when a few people who did not stay at this hotel came in to use their restroom and asked for directions. I love that the hotel allow guests to use their computer for 15 minutes free of charge per day. I gave this review a 4 instead of a perfect 5 because our room was rather tiny and I did not like our 'queen' bed which was two twins pushed together, not very comfortable.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>kdodia
<Content>Great Location We just stayed there for a weekend. Great Location, nice room.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	3	

<Author>guyb6489
<Content>Fantastic Duc de la Victoria My wife and I stayed in this hotel for five days and loved every minute of it. We accepted the offer of an upgrade to a Junior Suite for a price and were glad we did. The suite had an enormous bedroom with a king bed with an attached sitting room with lounge, bar fridge and second TV. The bathroom was large with bath/shower decorated in marble with all of the expected amenities. Our room overlooked the central courtyard, not offering views but was extremely quiet. The air conditioning functioned as it should and was extremely quiet. The room was spotless on arrival and was kept this way for our entire stay.The breakfast area was well appointed and the staff very helpfull. The breakfast itself had everything a traveller could ask for.We had a car and were very pleased that the hotel had parking in a parking station within a two minute walk.We had a small problem with an attempted robbery whilst driving into Barcelona with some resultant minor damage to our vehicle. The hotel front desk staff could not have done more to help us resolve this issue. The location of the hotel could not have been better. In the old heart of the city only moments away from all the attractions this wonderfull city has to offer and in a pedestrian precinct so no problems with traffic or noise. La Rambla is only a 200 metre stroll from the front door offering many wonderfull restaurants and attractions and all forms of transport are equally close by.We will go back to this amazing city and stay again at this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>aroundtheworld59
<Content>Absolutely WONDERFUL!!!! My Husband and I stayed 3 nights at Duc de la Victoria and the hotel was absolutely wonderful. FANTASTIC. The location is great, next to la Rambla and the pedestrian street where all the markets, shops, etc...are. THANK YOU TRIP ADVISOR!!! I booked the hotel after reading the reviews and now, everytime i go to Bracelona, i will stay at Duc de la Victoria. Very nice staff, beautiful rooms. We booked a superior and it was spotless, had great aminities (tootbrush, paste, hairbrush, nice brand of shampoo and shower gel). The hotel is environement countious, so that was a plus!! You can come back as late as you want, the location is so safe, in the center of everything...it's great!! Again, this hotel is a absolutely great choice!!!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JosieEdmonton
<Content>Duc de la Victoria was delightful I just wanted to say thank you to TripAdvisor. I would never have found this delightful hotel without you. We stayed two nights at the beginning of October and I wish we could have stayed longer. As others have said, it is in a perfect location, quiet, clean, comfortable bed, good food, friendly and helpful staff. I was very pleased with the Duc de la Victoria.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>BobHadden
<Content>Recomended Efficent friendly staff, clean modern rooms, great location. A good hotel to explore Barcelona from.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>thehotelgirl
<Content>Over-rated Over-rated or over-priced? It鈥檚 one or the other. NH is the Spanish equivalent to Hilton Hotels. They鈥檙e relatively modern in terms of amenities and pretty standard relative to each other. They generally have a modern aesthetic, which helps them appear clean. We booked this hotel for the central location (which really is great) and presumptive 4-star quality. It was perfectly fine 鈥?no real frills 鈥?but the room was TINY and the price was not. When I saw the quoted price (over $500 USD / night) I told my travel companion that it needed to be among the 5 best hotels I鈥檇 ever stayed at to justify the price. Of course, it was not. We checked in late and were shown to a room that was so small there was nowhere to open luggage (we had ordered an extra bed). We tried to upgrade to a larger room, but were told we would have to do it in the morning when they had the staff to move the extra bed. We made the room work by rearranging most of the furniture, but it was certainly the most cramped room we stayed in while in Spain. Another bummer was that the bathroom did not have a vent. Overall, it was perfectly fine 鈥?just nowhere near worth the price. We would have been better off looking for simpler accommodations.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>3	1	2	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>felicia-toronto
<Content>We were very happy here This hotel had all the necessary qulifications for a very pleasant stay. It was in an amazing location, clean, quiet, well decorated, roomy, and had helpful and friendly staff. Need I say more?  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Anne Wright
<Content>Great Hotel with great location near La Ramblas This hotel is excellent value for money. It is clean and modern and is situated very close to La Ramblas, so you are near everything but it is a quiet hotel so you do not have to be worried about noise at night. The breakfast buffet is superb. The staff are extremely helpful. I cannot fault this hotel at all and would stay there again if I was visiting Barcelona.There is a great restaurant called Lactuca where you can have all you can eat for 8.95 Euros (before 8 p.m.) and 10.95 Euros (after 8 p.m.). The amount of choice is wonderful and the quality of the food very good. This even includes drinks as well. For people on a budget and not wishing to spend too much, it is ideal. It is situated just off of the main square, about 5 minutes walk from the hotel, and is on the red bus route.Take a ride on the red and the blue open top buses, it is well worth it and a ticket allows you to get on and off as many times as you like throughout the day.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>undome
<Content>Location, location, location Me, my mom and sister stayed for 6 nights at Duc de la Victoria in the end of August 2008. We booked the room for 3 people for a very reasonable price through the hotel's own web-site.We arrived late on Saturday evening to Barcelona airport, took the Aerobus to Placa de Catalunya (about 30 mins) and found our way to the hotel easily in some 5 minutes. I would really recommend using the bus to get here, it only costs 4,05 鈧?per adult and runs in every 10-15 minutes. The hotel's address is Duc de la Victoria, but the street sign actually reads Carrer del Duc.Check-in was quick, no problems there. The corridors of the hotel had a very pleasant smell of peach, a nice touch I think. Our room was on the 1st floor. It was spacious, nicely decorated and had a small balcony overlooking a pedestrian street. Bathroom was nice and clean with a bathtub and lovely selection of hotel's own bath products. They had even left us 2 boxes of Smints, which my mom loved.The hotel has the perfect location for perusing Barcelona. It's in Barri Gotico, surrounded by pedestrian streets, just a stone's throw away from La Rambla. One can find plenty of good restaurants and shops nearby, but I'll get to that later.We slept very good every night, the streets are surprisingly quiet as there are no cars. The room also had a good air-conditioning unit. Beds were more comfortable that I am used to expecting from European hotels. Even the extra-bed was good.We had breakfast every morning at the hotel's restaurant. Now, it wasn't included in our room price, so it was a bit pricey. But the selection and quality was unbelievable! I don't usually eat at the hotel breakfasts when I travel, but my mom does and even she was impressed with this one. You could definitely get your money's worth from the buffet, if you are a big eater. We really aren't, so maybe the price was still too high for what we ate, but the convenience of eating at the hotel made up for it. I recommend the raspberry juice, mushrooms and the juiciest watermelons I have ever had!The room had a mini-bar, which had surprisingly reasonable prices. We didn't use it though, just bought some beverages from mini-markets and brought them back to the room. There was also an option to order room-service from a local pizza-chain (again amazingly low cost), which was a fun touch.My only complaint of the hotel, aside from the price of the breakfast, would be that the maids changed the towels every day, even though we had hung them up (a sign that we can use them again). I consider myself environmentally conscious, so this bothered me a bit.Now, a few words of restaurants. There is an absolutely great place just around the corner of the hotel. From the main entrance take 2 rights and you can see the restaurant Living Barcelona. It looks a bit touristy, and most people we saw eating spoke something else than Catalan, but the food is so worth it. We had a lovely waitress, who remembered us even when we went back 2 nights after for our last evening dinner. Order the paella. On the other hand, if you want an original experience, not necessarily traditional but nice anyway, try Juicy Jones (don't remember the address, but it's mentioned in the restaurant reviews on TripAdvisor). The menu they serve is totally vegan, amazingly cheap (8,50 鈧?for 3 courses) and delicious. Even my carnivore mom liked it.All in all, Barcelona surpassed all my expectations. It is a welcoming city with charming people and brilliant art and architecture. I recommend taking the bus tour of the city (a bit touristy, yes, but you get to see all and hear interesting facts). The hotel is great, I will definitely go back and recommend to all.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>DBL_M_CANADA
<Content>Amazing!!! We stepped it up and booked a superior room. Well worth it! Dark hardwood floors, corner unit, huge comfortable bed. Our bathroom was huge for a hotel bathroom, with very modern touches. Spacious room with coffee, tea, and a tv. Nice balcony as well.The staff was terrific. They spoke english well and were very helpful...Ordering a taxi directly to the hotel lobby. YES CARS ARE ALLOWED!! The location is amazing! Close to La Ramblas, which is a very neat and safe spot. About a 15 mins walk to the beach.This was one of the best spots during our stay in Europe!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Midlifecouple
<Content>Perfect location Stayed here for 4 nights beginning August. Hotel is on a pedestrian street and conveniently located : close to Ramblas - Placa Catalunya - Barri Gotic - Passeig de Gracia - all withing walking distance. Nice hotel room, though bathroom was relatively small. Friendly  helpful staff. Good price/quality. Excellent breakfast. Insist with taxi drivers to drop you off in front of hotel - they will !  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>EssexNatalie
<Content>Exceeded expections- brilliant Me and some friends came here on a four day break . The location was brilliant and only a short stroll to las ramblas and plaza catalunya etc. Contrary to a previous review our taxi dropped us off outside the hotel.The staff were friendly and helpful, suggesting places of interest as it was our first time here. The rooms were spotless and much bigger than i thought, considering the price. Toiletries were restocked every day, they thought of everything- toothpaste down to lip balm. Only downside was there was no bar in the hotel, however this isn't a problem because as soon as you leave the hotel you are spoilt for choice. I would definately use this hotel and others in the chain again- A+  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jenny8
<Content>Great Location Just come back from Barcelona and had a great weekend staying at the Duc de la Victoria. I went with a group of girls for a special birthday celebration. The hotel was 5 minutes walk from the Catalyuna square were the Aerobus drops you off. We were able to check in straight away 1.00pm. The staff were pleasant and the rooms were clean and ideal for a city break. The location of the hotel is fantastic as you are just 2mins walk from Las Ramblas. We were bed and breakfast which is well worth it as the breakfast was great, fresh fruit, yoghurt, breads, cereals, hot ham etc., and you can order poached eggs or boiled eggs. Breakfast was on till 12.00 of a weekend. On checking out which is normally 12.00 I asked if we could keep our room longer because our flight was not till the nightime, they obliged till 3.00pm and let us leave our luggage to collect before departure. I would definitely recommend this hotel and if I went back to Barcelona, would definitely stay at the Duc de la Victoria. Great Break!!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bax52
<Content>Nice Hotel Stayed here at the end of July for four nights to see the mighty Bruce Springsteen at the Nou Camp.Its quite hard to get to as its a pedestrianised street 5 mins walk from Las Rambles. That was ok but a bit of a hassle. Wouldnt recommend this Hotel for people with walking problems as lugging cases through the hot streets isnt easy. Hotel is simple really. Not fancy, but clean and does what you need on a City break. Good location is being on Las Rambles does it for you. We were disappointed with Las Rambles to be honest. Tacky tourist trap in our opinion. Much more to Barcelona than that. The Hotel is clean and quiet for a city centre hotel. Really comfy beds too. Nice bathroom. Breakfast is buffet and is very good if your on an inclusive rate. If not, loads of places easy to find very close  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	1	

<Author>AnnaBelfast
<Content>Really disappointed Minus side - No coffee/tea facilities in room, no bar, restaurant closed at weekends, building work going on outside, bell ringing going on from dawn, bathroom supplies not restocked each day when used, had to walk from lLa Ramblas with our luggage as vehicles cannot access tthe hotel.Plus side - Room was nice, breakfast was nice, staff were ok, La Ramblas within walking distance,Love coffee in my hotel room but we couldn't even buy from the hotel restaurant as it was closed! Took ages finding a shop which does takeaway coffee as they couldn't understand us.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>suttysid
<Content>Fantastic location This hotel is in a great location, in a quiet street near la Rambla but when you come out of the hotel and turn the corner there are loads of great little shops and cafes and within 2 minutes you can get to the Cathedral or the shopping area or Gothic Quarter.The standard of the hotel was excellent too- very clean with comfortable beds and helpful staff. Only thing they do not do is include breakfast in the price, but it was cheaper to find a cafe and to be honest there were lots nearby anyway. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Aussie013
<Content>Great location Just returned from our holiday in Spain and spent our last four nights at this hotel in Barcelona. A great choice. The location is fantastic. Located between the Cathedral and Las Ramblas and a few minutes walk from Placa de Catalunya. We caught the airport bus to the last stop at Placa de Catalunya and walked to the hotel. The hotel is located on a quite pedestrian street that looks a bit shabby when the shops are closed but behind the graffiti roller shutters are some great shops during the day. We didn't eat breakfast in the hotel but walked down to La Boqueria market for fruit salad. The tea and coffee facilities in the room were much appreciated as this is not common in Europe but always provided in Australia. 15 minutes of free internet access per day was also a great bonus. The hotel is very clean, the staff very friendly and helpful. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Marlin1
<Content>Great location, quiet, good value We choose this hotel since the evaluations were quite favorable. and stayed onyl for one night before a mediterrean cruise and were quite impressed. Located in the Barri Gothis on a little side street off the Ramblas (pedestrian zone) it is close to the cathedral and the Paulau de la Musica. Friendly (english speaking) staff, clean well furnished rooms and quiet nights what else can you ask for in a downtown hotel,Only problem was the taxi which dropped us off (with all our luggage) at the Ramblas so that we had to ask for directions to get to the place.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Adventurebuzz
<Content>Near perfection. My daughter and I stayed here for two nights in mid-May as our first stop on a two week tour of Spain. We booked a superior corner room with two balconies for $30 more per night. This is an NH hotel which has a superb reputation so the level of service and presentation was expected to be excellent. We weren't dissapointed in any respect. Staff was very attentive and friendly. Got us into the room at 11:00 so we could sleep off some jet lag. Rooms were not large, but fine, and the bath was adequate and newly remodeled modern. The big surprise was the location, which for us was the perfect spot in BCN. Right in the heart of the Gothic Quarter and a block from the shopping complex that winds its way through the quarter. Just far enough away from the Ramblas for no noise, an easy 3 block-5 minute walk from the airport bus that stops at Plaza Catalyuna (only way to go! and I hate busses). Five minutes from the Plaza Catalyuna metro stop. An easy downhill walk down the Ramblas to Montjuic (or metro to funicular). 5 minutes from the catherdral. Picasso Museo was ten minutes.Another nice surprise were the many pastry/bocadillo spots within a block or two. Easy to avoid the hotel's overpriced breakfasts.Only one drawback - wifi was pricey at 22 euros for 24 hours, or lobby computer for .35 euros a minute. Most hotels in Spain provide free wifi so this was definitely out of market for the country, but maybe not for Catalonia.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>WorldTraveler1945
<Content>Vastly exceeded expectations I can't remember the TA rating # of this hotel now but in my estimation should be in the top 10 places to stay in Barcelona. Great location, friendly staff, clean comfortable rooms and competitive price justify this recommendation. I hope to return to Barcelona one day soon as we spent just 2 nights there and will definitely stay at the NH.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Allison85
<Content>Great hotel! Spent 3 nights at the NH Duc in Barcelona before leaving on a cruise, and would recommend it to anyone!The location was right around the corner from Las Ramblas, close to the main areas and touristy spots. We were a little wary of staying so close to Las Ramblas because there were quite a few comments on tripadvisor about the noise when you book a hotel in this area, however the NH Duc is about 1-2 blocks off of the main street, and we were never bothered from the noise at all.The room was very clean, and spacious. We had a superior room with a king sized bed, and found the room and the washroom to be a nice size, and recently renovated. While it wasnt a bargain to stay here, at approx $250 US per night, it was definitely a nice place.If you are looking to see a lot of sites within a couple of days, I would definitely recommend purchasing the 'hop on hop off' double decker bus tickets, we were able to see so much of Barcelona in a short time, and it was very easy and stree free. Narrated explanations of all the sites in a variety of languages make it very tourist-friendly. The main pick-up/drop-off area for these buses were only a couple blocks away.The only thing I would recommend against is purchasing breakfast from the hotel. It was 15 euros per person, and only provided a small buffet of cold dishes. Perhaps I am just not used to European breakfast tastes, but I did not find it was good value for the cost. About 3 minutes away there are many little cafes and restaurants along the Ramblas that offer much better value, and even a couple who served traditional hot English breakfasts with eggs, etc for half the price.Overall, great experience from the NH Duc, I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>lmn2
<Content>Agree, it has a good location My husband was traveling to Barcelona for business and I had the priviledge of coming along. The hotels that his work had recomended didn't look appealing to me so I found this along with 2 or 3 others in tripadvisor. I left it up to his work to make the reservation hence the choice. It is funny how some things will bother one person and not another. The church bells that we hear from the distance are driving my husband crazy. For me, why is it in a day and age of satelites I am stuck with CNN from London as my only english language TV choice? Silly I know but other than that, I agree that the rooms are small but they are immaculate. Apparently it has been unseasonably warm here so the air conditioning has not been turned on yet. To keep it temperate here on the sixth floor we have had to sleep with the window open since we arrived. When we inquired about the warm temperature in the room, we were told the AC is going on next week. It is a drag to need another shower after your shower never mind your makeup melting before you finish putting it on. Another thing to be aware about is that don't discard the envelope that your room keys come in. You need it to gain entrance to the hotel restaurant despite what appears to be a list of guests and their corresponding room numbers.The restaurant staff are short of obsessive in seeing it to let you in in the morning. One morning, my husband showed his license with the room key and you could see them starting to stress about it. Needless to say I got another one (without an issue). It just seems strange when we have come in at varying times at night and no one is at the desk although I am sure we are on a camera/video somehwere but are OCD about breakfast. But it does have a good location once you get oriented. We are right behind La Rambla behind the Citidines hotel. If you are a shopaholic then this is the place for you.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>NIStrach
<Content>Great choice and location... Just back after spending 3 nights at the Duc. I would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone visiting Barcelona. The hotel was superb and the staff extremely friendly / helpful. On arrival we did request a different room as they had provided a twin room and not a double as we had requested. This was resolved and we got a larger room on the 4th floor with a Queen size bed. You also get an abundance of toiletries which I have never seen in other hotels.. The minibar is very reasonable and the TV has Sky News if you really care what's happening at home.We paid for breakfast and could not complain at the choice and variety on offer. It was a buffet service and you could choose to have a cooked breakfast or selection of cold pastries and fruit. When visiting Barcelona do the bus tour first. It provides a great perspective of the city and highlighted to us many of the places we would like to revisit. You also receive a discount booklet for a lot of the most popular sites in the city as well as the cable car up to the castle. We bought a 2-day subway ticket (which also covers the funicular railway up Montjuic) It was a great way to get around the city when you aren't walking. We ate out in the Gothic quarter which has massive choice of quality restaurants. The Rambla is fine but it's catering primarily for tourists and as such is a lot more expensive as well as being extremely busy. 12鈧?for a large beer!! It only happened once. Personally, I am looking forward to returning to Barcelona. As well as being a remarkable city it's extremely beautiful and I will certainly return to Duc De La Victoria.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>joanacm
<Content>Great location at a affordable price I've stayed in this hotel twice and I absolutely recommend it. The location is great because it's in the heart of the city, just a 3 minute walk from Ramblas and a few minutes more from Plaza de Catalunia. The rooms are not big but are comfy enough, recently renovated and nicely decorated. The bathroom was also nice.The views aren't very nice because the hotel is in a narrow street but anyway I was there to enjoy the city, not to stay in the hotel room :)The staff is nice, they gave us a map of the city and in one of the days they were also borrowing umbrellas as it was raining.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>RScharfer9
<Content>Solid Hotel in a Great Location We stayed at the NH Duc de la Victoria during a spring vaction week. We paid 164 euros per night. Maybe a bit pricey for a 3 star hotel, but it was really a 3+. We felt that the hotel's many positives made it a very good value.The rooms and lobby are not very fancy, but neat, very functional, new and/or refurbished, very clean and well kept. The Location is the best in Barcelona. It is a very short walk to la Ramble and a five minute walk to Placa de Catalunya - the major square of the city, and not more than a 5 minute walk to 2 metro stops. It is located in the Old Town, minutes from major sights and museums, shopping, and restaurants.It is very quiet. It is located on a pedestrian street. Our room had double glazed windows. You hear very little, if any street noise. (and Barcelona has a lot of street noise.)Although small, (we had a standard room), the room was probably slightly larger than that of the average 3 star European hotel.The only negative was minimal space for clothes: a small closet and three shelves. However, there was enough floor space for suitcases, and we had ample space for our 6 day stay. The room had a safe and a minibar, which we used to store some juice and yougart. The twin beds were very comfortable.The bathroom was very modern, and spotless. It had a bidet. The shower was excellent. Lots of toiletries were supplied daily.The staff was very effiecient and helpful. We notified them of an early arrival, and a room was ready for us at 10:30 am. They called out airline twice for us at no extra charge.Other pluses include a security guard on duty 24 hours, elevators that worked very well - never had to wait very long, and free newspapers in the lobby.Barclona is a fabulous city with numerous fascinating sights. Our favaorite was the Park Guell - a must see.If you like gelato and waffles, we strongly recommend Sweet Gaufre, a five minute walk from the hotel. It is located on la Ramble, about a block north of the Gran Teatre del Liceu, on the same side of the street. A large ice cream cone is very visible at the front end of the shop. We tried several ice cream shops/stands, and this was shop was absolutely the best. Everything is home made, from the waffle batter to the ice cream ingredients. The staff is very friendly, and on our last day they gave us free waffles.Do not use the change places to exchange money. The rate during our stay was about 1.59 US dollars for 1 euro. They charged almost 2 US dollars for 1 euro. Use ATMs or your credit card.The best way to get from the airport to the hotel , is the aerobus. It is about a 40 minute ride and the cost is about 4 euros. It drops you off at the Placa del Catalunya, about a 5 minute walk to the hotel.I highly recommend this hotel, and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>seaviewer39
<Content>Upbeat Digs in Gothic Setting We stayed here for 2 nights prior to a cruise and were delighted. Ours was a spacious 6th floor, non-smoking room, with rooftop views and a balcony. For us quiet is a must and the pedestrian only street ensured it, while close enough to the lively Ramblas, the Cathedral and other tourist attractions. The staff were attentive and the breakfast a great spread of fruits, juices, breads, pastries and hot dishes, that kept us going all day on the on-off tour bus. We'd certainly think of the Duc for another Barcelona holiday.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Robslee
<Content>Enjoyable Expereience Just returned from a 3 night stay at the hotel and would have to say it was an enjoyable experience. I chose the hotel having read other reviews on this site and was not disappointed. We booked a superior corner room , No 419, as advised in a earlier review it was a decent size for Europe with 2no balconies which gave a lovely through draft. The rooms are clean , the bathrooms are adequate with ample toiletries, complimentry shaving kits, combs, etc. One slight bad point no English language tv channels, but not missed. The location of the hotel is perfect for la ramblas , old town, shopping and metro system. as reported in other reviews the breakfast is 15euros , but we believe well worth the money with the buffet table containg everything, cereals,fruit juices,all types of breads,pastries,cold meats, bacon, sausages, etc Although you could get cheaper elsewhere you could not get the same amount and variety in such a lovely environment. The staff are helpful if required. Ideal base for a Barca break. Would definitely return  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>felipeordonez
<Content>Very good hotel in an excellent location Barcelona has no shortage of hotels, yet decent accommodation can be very expensive. It is easy to pay a lot of money for a rubbish hotel, even one sporting four or five stars. NH Hotels is an expanding Spanish chain with more than 300 hotels in Europe and Latin America. They are generally 3+ or 4 star properties with modern, elegant quasi-minimalist interiors and slick bathrooms. I've stayed in a number both in Europe and Argentina, and have always found the service to be first-rate. The NH Duc de la Victoria is no exception. The building looks a little like a Florentine palazzo from the street. Its location is a great feature: in a quiet, pedestrian street between Las Ramblas and the cathedral, the hotel is within easy walking distance of the metro, buses, the downtown sights, as well as restaurants and the joys of Barcelona shopping. Rooms are comfortable though not large -- it is worth paying a little extra for a superior room -- and bathrooms have deep tubs and powerful showers. The restaurant serves reasonably-priced if unadventurous meals, although most guests will be eating out at the hundreds of restaurants in the area. Staff are multilingual, unfailingly polite and attentive. My only criticism of the hotel is the pricing of the lobby internet terminal, which after a free 15 minutes rockets up to 鈧?0/hour! In-room Wi-Fi is available on a daily tariff that is much more reasonable. If you haven't brought your lap-top and don't fancy paying through the nose for the lobby terminal, staff will direct you to a nearby locutorio where you pay 鈧?.20/hour. I really liked the Duc de la Victoria and would happily stay there again: it's comfortable, reliable, in a terrific location, and reasonably priced for Barcelona.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>maddiejane
<Content>Nice Hotel for Central Barcelona My husband and I stayed here for four nights. It was a good size room and we were very pleased with the room size and bathroom. The housecleaning staff was very friendly and our room was super clean everytime. The location was pretty good. It was quite close to las ramblas which I found very annoying, but also close to the larger square where you could get tours and there were lots of restaurants. The only thing I would say wasn't top notch was the staff. They seemed a bit stuffy and they weren't super helpful. I expected a little more. In a nutshell it was clean and very quiet (which I look for in a hotel) and all of the conveniences of home. I may have looked at a location a little farther from las ramblas, but would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>sakani
<Content>Everything you could ask for on a short break! This hotel was practically around the corner from ramblas. Was a little worried about this hotel not being on ramblas, however I feel if we had of stayed on Ramblas we may not have ventured down the side streets. This is where all the magic happens. Some lovely little tapas bars around here and great bagel bar around the corner. Didnt attempt brekfast as it was a bit pricey however loads of options literally outside the door of the hotel! Foyer of hotel was small but had internet access and daily papers and front desk was covered at all times by friendly and very helpful staff. Couldnt have helped more and had great english. Welcome pack was provided on check in which had plenty info on things to do in the area and the staff were obliging to help further.A short stroll to the Plaza de Catalu帽a, which is where all the hop on/off bus tours start/finish. If your on a short break i'd definately reccomend taking these (鈧?6 for 2 days). You get to see all the main attractions and buses drop off and collect every few mins. hotel just beside the barcelona cathedral.Room was nice, clean and well serviced. Beds were comfy and fresh towels each day. Could have left my oversized toiletry bag at home....Shampoo/conditioner/shower gel/ soap toothbrush and toothpaste/comb/ hairdryer and razor and shaving gel all provided in bathroom! Minibar had only 2 bottles of beer however was reasonably priced. Our Room had a balcony and was on the 5th floor. Beautiful in the morning. Restraunt/bar was a bit deceiving. Bar was the restraunt and perhaps its just the culture there.... but noone went to the bar for drinking only. Menu looked good though. Nice little bar around the corner... and for a more lively evening the hard rock cafe is just minutes walk away! Sat morning Markets across la ramblas was an experience. Never seen as much seafood in one place in my life!鈧?5 for a taxi to/from the airport... but its the only taxi you'll need for your stay cause everything else is so central! Plenty of shops and a 5 min walk to the courte ingleas. I was well warned about the pick pocketers in Barcelona, but never had any encounters with them. Street feel very safe at all times of day and night and always people walking around.Couldnt have asked for a better hotel for a short break. Perfect in every way!  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tinaj07
<Content>Really good hotel I had researched a lot of hotels in the Las Ramblas area and was very pleased to find the NH Duc de la Victoria. It met our standards very well and would stay there again for another trip to Barcelona. We (3 people) had requested a quiet, top floor room, which is worth the extra few euros- b/c it was completely renovated, beautiful, had a balcony, and had dual-pane windows, so the minute you shut the windows, it was quiet in the room. The bed was comfortable- a little soft, but supportive. Expect small European rooms- which is ok b/c we were hardly in the room. It's walking distance to everything, esp Las Ramblas, Playa Catalunya, and even to La Pedrera which we walked in 15 minutes. The hotel was very clean and the staff were very nice. We took a 20 euro taxi ride to the main train station.The only 2 non-ideal things were that depending on the staff, they did not seem to know that much about where to eat locally in the area. Also, we were there over Christmas/New Year's, and the bar/restaurant was not open during this time.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>ChefJoyceS
<Content>Don't stay no matter what the travel books say We stayed at this hotel over the new year holiday, for starters I booked this hotel in July so I would get what I wanted and it would be done right. We arrived at 5 pm and were told there we no rooms left that we had requested so they gave us a two twin beds in a small room facing the sports store that the hotel encircles. Ok so we decided to put that behind us and have fun anyways. Day two I showered first and it seemed that there was something wrong with the water, then when my boyfriend went to shower there was nothing, NOTHING no water then there was just cold and they said we needed to deal with it. A soaped up man freezing in the shower tell him that reception desk. Day three that same thing!!!! The hotel was very reluctant to do anything to compensate us for not being able to shower I wasn't staying at a damn hostal I was paying 200Euro a night. My recommendation it to not stay here the services and accomidations aside from the water issues where not worth it the best part was the hand soap.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	1	1	

<Author>bobblsc
<Content>Some rooms nice, some small My wife and I stayed at this hotel the nights of November 29, 30 and December 1, 2007 before a Transatlantic cruise December 2. While there were several positive aspects for our stay, there was particularity one which was quite negative.. I will save this till later.The hotel does have a very nice location, as mentioned by several others. Also, I received timely responses to several e-mails concerning taxi directions, etc. The second room we had, 422 was fairly large, for Europe, and the bath excellent. We arrived at the hotel about noon on November 29. We had tickets for Aida at the Liceu Opera for that evening. I had e-mailed asking that, if possible, we be allowed in our room early so we could rest a bit prior to attending the opera. To the hotel's credit, we were given a room shortly after our arrival. We did indeed nap a bit that afternoon, and thus enjoyed the opera much more than we could have had we been dead tired from our overnight plane trip. The production was really outstanding.The problem was the room, number 420, size and layout. It was, as we saw on the posted floor plan, and later verified, only a bit more than one-half the size of other rooms. When the space taken by the twin beds is subtracted, that meant the remaining area was indeed minimal. The bath fixtures were fine, but here again the bathroom was tiny,. The door would open only about 90 degrees before hitting the toilet. I had to squeeze into the bathroom, and I am average size. I happened to see two young ladies checking out of room 422 the next morning, and immediately requested that we be changed to that room. My request was granted. I later spoke with the desk clerk, and then the manager, to inform them that I thought it ridiculous that both rooms had the same 鈧?40 rate,, that 420 should have had at least a bit less rate. Neither person seemed able to understand this.Since our final two nights were on a weekend, our rate for 422 was only 鈧?20. I am sure 420 was the same rate. So don't stay in 420, 320, or any other 20 if you want a decent size room for a decent price.Another minor irritation was that we were not allowed to purchase a morning cup of coffee in the dining room. We could buy coffee, but only if it were to be delivered to the hotel lobby.The Bagel Shop, turn left out the door, then left again at the street, is great for breakfast, but not open Sundays. It is across from the park in the middle of the block. Finally, I confirm dunnoh's July 28 comments about the small bar and caf茅 Babia. We went to Babia, and she was totally correct . Rollo remember her and served us a very, very good meal, with a nice wine. This is a really great little place.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>travelwise
<Content>Duc de la Victoria Lived up to Expectations My husband and I stayed at this hotel for two nights prior to embarking on a transatlantic cruise. We were very pleased with our stay.I had booked the hotel on the NH website and had requested early check-in if possible. Sure enough, after walking for five minutes from the Aerobus (as easy as others have indicated!) we were able to check in at 10:30 in the morning -- unexpected and wonderful after a night with very little sleep on two flights!I had requested a room with a balcony on the fourth or fifth floor and was given a nice room (425). The room was a decent enough size, but a little crowded with our luggage -- I ended up moving the tea/coffee tray to make more room. Nice robes and slippers were provided and the bathroom was excellent. It had terrific toiletries and all sorts of extras like a toothbrushing kit and a plastic razor with shaving cream. As indicated elsewhere, the bed was very large and comfortable and assorted pillows were provided. Nice touches: I was able to use the computer in the lobby (if you ask they will provide you with a business coupon good for 15 minutes of free internet). They provide many daily papers in the lobby including the International Herald Tribune. Service was excellent. I had a problem during our stay involving a restaurant reservation and needed one of the front desk staff to call the restaurant for me while I was out and about in Barcelona. Andres was wonderful. He not only called the restaurant, but he also called me back twice to make sure I knew everything had been taken care of!Our room was clean and well serviced by staff. When I asked for extra towels, they were quickly brought to the room.Also, I had occasion to correspond with the hotel before and after our stay. Cristina responded promptly and politely to requests in both instances.Although not inexpensive, the location is what makes this hotel wonderful. You can walk to the Placa Catalunya to board the Hop On Hop Off Bus easily and a short walk in the other direction brings you to the Cathedral and the many shops and restaurants of the Barri Gotico and the Born.BTW many posters extoll the virtues of the Bagel Shop, but alas, it isn't open on Sunday. A short stroll brings you to the Rambla, which is filled with cafes and other places where you can grab a bite quickly and easily. Every other day of the week you can also walk a couple of blocks to the Boqueria, which is a treat. We walked to the hotel from the Aerobus, but we used a cab to take us to the cruiseport. This was called by the front desk -- very quick and easy and the driver came up to the front door. I would definitely recommend this hotel and plan to stay here in the future.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ckonstan
<Content>Very central at "La Rambla" and calm       Bath  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>GloriaJC
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed at the NH Duc de la Victoria to three nights and were extremely happy with our hotel choice. The staff was very helpful, the location is perfect, and the room (with balcony) was great. The front desk made excellent recommendations for dinner. The taxis can come up to the front of the hotel for drop-off and pick-up, so don't let the driver tell you that he can only drop you off at the Ramblas. I highly recommend the walking tour of the Gothic Quarter that leaves from the information center at Plaza Catalunya as well as the hop-on/hop-off bus. The department store, Cortes Ingles, has a cafeteria on the top floor and is good for an inexpensive lunch. We found most restaurants in Barcelona have English language menus which we were grateful for at the start of our 3 week vacation in Spain. I would definitely stay at his hotel again and recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Briquenay
<Content>Competent but soulless Good points: comfortable bed, lavish breakfast, very quiet area, but right in the middle of things. Less good points: not cheap - we paid about 170 Euros a night, our room was cold and needed a fan heater as the central system didn't work, the bathroom was rather poky, staff weren't cheery though did their jobs OK.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>zzzYorks
<Content>excellent base Probably aimed at business people but in fact very convenient for tourists. Arrived by airport bus in Catalunia Square and 5 minutes easy walk to hotel. 2 minutes from Ramblas and on edge of Gothic Quarter yet sufficiently quiet to sleep with window open. Standard room very comfortable and clean (and extra blankets and choice of pillows). All staff met were v helpful and pleasant. Excellent extensive buffet breakfast and excellent dinner one evening when heavy downpour convinced us not to venture out. Plan to use this as base on next visit..  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>barbiem
<Content>Location location location       Bed  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Magicats
<Content>Great location and hotel       Front door  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Hobbes79
<Content>Fantastic Hotel This hotel is simply superb! It is located just off Las Ramblas and is within easy walking distance to the subway and taxi ranks.The outside and reception area of the hotel look really nice and clean and the reception staff are really nice and speak fluent English.Make sure that you look carefully on a map to find out where it is before setting off as it is located down a side street.The room were were allocated was on the second floor. We were facing onto another hotel, but the room itself more than made up for it. It was well furnished, with an electronic safe located in the wardrobe (although watch your fingers on the wardrobe's sliding doors, they slide like the castors are on ice... made for a few sore fingers!).We did not try the restaurant due to the sheer choice of food on Las Ramblas.But what a really nice hotel, it would be my first choice when I go back.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bubuLondon
<Content>Fantastic location! This hotel is sandwiched between the main Las Ramblas street and a major shopping street. Truly a great location. The street on which the hotel is actually located is not really picturesque and appears quite dodgy at night, but most of the streets in Barcelona are like that. However, you are seriously well placed to explore Barcelona -- about 2 mins from the main streets and 5 mins to the Plaza Catalunya (where the metro and airport buses go!)The rooms were clean and reasonably well decorated. Our room (301) faced into a central courtyard with a glass dome (which turned out to be above a sports shop in the same building as the hotel). Good because there is no noise from pedestrians, bad because there is no view. We did leave the window open at night as the air-con was pretty strong when switched on. This was fine until the people in the opposite side started cooking dinner :) I was not really happy about the soundproofing between our room door and the corridor. Every morning I could hear the other guests shutting their doors, and at night as people came back to their rooms I could hear their conversations very clearly.Hotel staff were extremely helpful and spoke decent English.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Richard80
<Content>Loved the NH Duc de la Victoria Stayed at the NH Duc de la Victoria at the end of October '07. Was a fantastic hotel with lovely rooms! Staff were really helpful and made our stay really enjoyable. In Barca, location is key and NH Duc de la Victoria is in a fantastic location right in the middle of Barri Gotic. Actually upgraded to a superior room which was definetely worth the extra Euros...Overall, highly recommended!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>laing1
<Content>Excellent Stay! We stayed at the NH Duc de la Victoria for 3 nights prior to our cruise. I used Trip Advisor to check out reviews and due to the positive reviews I booked the hotel. It was everything and more than we hoped.We were in a corner room 4th floor which had 2 balconies. We paid a little extra to guarantee this room and I would choose this room again. The room was spotless w/ hardwood floors,12 foot ceilings, marble bathroom, fluffy robes and slippers, wonderful amenities (toothbrush, razor, gels, lotions, comb etc etc), 3 phones, huge mirrors, bar fridge, high thread count sheets, comfie bed--all wonderful. We went down for the breakfast buffet on the 2nd floor and while it was good we found it to be a little pricey- 28 E for the 2 of us. The staff at the front desk were ever so helpful with directions. You can have free internet for 20 min each day,just ask for a voucher at the front desk. You are on a quiet street -one street over from La Ramblas-about a 3 minute walk! The on/off bus is a 5 minute walk from this hotel -so the location is excellent. I would not hesitate to fully recommend this hotel .  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MollyBoston_MA
<Content>Terrific Location We stayed at the Duc de la Victoria 4 nights. It is in the Old City, but is close to the Placa de Catalunya, where the Tourist Information Office is located, as well as to Las Ramblas. After reading Trip Advisor reviews, we asked for a room on the 4th or 5th floor, and got one on the 4th. The room had a very modern marble bath, and Queen Bed, very comfortable. Loved the hotel. Only had the breakfast buffet one morning (14 euros pp). It provides a good selection, but there are other places nearby which are less expensive. Highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>londonaustralia
<Content>Highly recommended We stayed at the Duc de Victoria by accident having been moved from another NH hotel following a problem with our booking. Having suffered some really poor service in the previous NH hotel, we had low expectations. However, we were extremely pleasantly suprised and would thoroughly recommend the hotel. Our room was large and spacious with a seperate seating area with a sliding door which could separate out the bedroom area and seating area if you wished. Breakfast was included in our rate and was fantastic with a huge choice of hot and cold food and even cava. Overall we couldn't fault the hotel and would thoroughly recommend it. It goes without saying that the location is superb and the hotel is a stone's throw from La Rambla and the main attractions.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TJCountyDown
<Content>No need for taxis We booked this hotel at the last minute and it's probably a little more expensive than our usual choice, but worth it to be right in the centre of the city. Walking distance to everything and only 2 minutes from Placa Catalunya, for the airport buses and tourist buses. Excellent choice at the buffet breakfast. We stayed there during the Barcelona Merce festival, which takes place around 24th September, which meant open air concerts in every square, lots of parades and masses of people. Great atmosphere.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tom099
<Content>Duc De La Victoria is very good Good location. It is a short 10 minute walk from the aeroport bus stop and a stone's throw from Las Ramblas.Good staff, The hotel staff were very friendly and allowed us to swap to a room with a single double bed instead of two single beds which most other hotels in europe have.Decent breakfast. The continental breakfast was decent and very welcomed considering some of the other breakfasts we had in europe.I would recommend to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>petrosSlough
<Content>Really good hotel, Really good Location, Recommended. We have just returned from a weekend stay at this hotel. We found the front staff very professional  courteous, the room allocated to us was superb; very clean, a good size and good facilities. The hotel is in an excellent location just one block from La Rambla.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>nftexas
<Content>Duc de la Victoria hotel was great. Booked through Delta Airlines which included breakfast which was delightful in a beautiful dining room. On our first stay we had a room on the street with balcony. Wonderful and very quiet at night. The second stay had inside room which was larger and was fine.The staff couldn't have been nicer and more helpful. The hotel is a little hard to find at first but you figure it out. It is convenient to Las Ramblas, and Catalunya Plaza where all the tour busses leave from and the tourist bureau is located. The Mediterranean is within walking distance Watch out at the Barcelona airport for pickpockets and wallet grabbers. Keep you wallets deep in your purse or for men in your front pocket with your hand in it. It was terrible!! At the airport police station there were 6 other people who had had their wallets stolen. Beware of young blonde good looking women (according to one of our tour guides).  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ilbaldini
<Content>Absolutely Great - for many reasons Thanks to the mainly positive reviews on this website, I decided to stay in Duc de la Victoria during my 4-day stay in Barcelona. I made the right choice!!The hotel is situated right in the centre of Barcelona, at a 2 min walk from Las Ramblas, in a pedestrianised area. Clearly the advantage is that there is no Spanish traffic to cope with (often not so tame) and it鈥檚 a quiet street too 鈥?I鈥檒l deal with the disadvantage later. The hotel itself is very clean, and relatively new. The entrance is adequate, and the reception staff are friendly and with good English abilities. The rooms were of decent size, and also very clean. You get a good range of products in the (very clean) bathroom, and also a pretty good international range of TV channels. Breakfast (which was served until 12h) is a grand buffet, with all the standard foods, but you can order eggs/ sausages to be freshly done the way you want them for free. My only slightly negative point goes back to arriving at the hotel. It is in a pedestrianised area, and you can鈥檛 reach it by car, meaning that once you find a parking place (difficult in such a busy area of Barcelona) you have to walk 5 min with your luggage to the hotel. The hotel does offer parking capabilities (20鈧? day), but it鈥檚 not next to the hotel, and you have to check in before arriving there with your car. For people arriving by any other means, this doesn鈥檛 pose much of a problem. As far as my experience goes, this is a typical NH hotel and is representative of what I expect from this chain 鈥?a good hotel with great service and value for money - perfect for western tastes and expectations.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Zuson
<Content>Great Hotel in the heart of Barcelona We just spend a few days in this hotel in Barcelona and where really happy with it. The number one bonus of this hotel is its quite location. Although in the centre of Barcelona right next to the Ramblas, its located in a pedestrian area with no bars or shops next to it. So there is no noise whatsoever and you can sleep with your window or balcony door open. We had a room on the 6th floor with a little balcony and a view over the roofs, which was nice. The room itself was nice with modern furniture, with a good comfortable bed, but a bit small. Aircondition working, safe in the room but no coffee making facilities. The bathroom was big compared to the room but a little old around the edges. The hotel and room was very clean and staff was friendly enough. All in all, a perfect joice for people who like to stay right in the center but without all the noise. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>Conniecph
<Content>The perfect hotel This is a hotel which fulfilled all of our needs. What we maybe appreaciated most was the absolutely perfect location. Situated in the beautiful gothic area, only a few minutes walk from the Ramblas, but in a very quiet street, and also in close walking distance to two different metro stations and the bus stop to and from the airport.The staff at the hotel was friendly and efficient and the room (we did have a corner room) was quite big for a city hotel room and the bathroom really, really nice with a nice assortment of soaps, shampoos, toothpasta and toothbrushes. The cleaning of the room was impeccable. The room had also a safe and a minifridge.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Loz77
<Content>Lovely quiet, really central hotel We stayed here for 3 nights in the middle of tourist season. I'd recommend it. It was very clean, the air con worked well, the staff were professional, (but not overly friendly). We got lucky and had a corner room with 2 balconies. Not all rooms have this however. The hotel is in a quiet area, very close to La Ramblas (but not close enough to get all the noise and crowds right outside) also close to Placa de Catalunya for trains, tube and where the airport bus drops you off. The local area had cold water shut off one evening and so the hotel didn't charge guests for that night's stay, although it wasn't their fault. Didn't have breakfast as there are loads of nice patisserie places around, would recommend doing that instead. Also - not related to the hotel but most of Barcelona shuts down in August, would recommend avoiding the whole month if possible!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>dunnoh
<Content>Perfect Business/Vacation Hotel Great hotel in a cracking location. The staff were very business like and efficient. The houskeeping of the room was faultless. Free copies of the The International Herald and the Financial Times are to be found in reception. The Breakfast wasnt worth the money (what hotel breakfasts are) although the pastries and the coffee were lovely. It is first and foremost a business hotel and has all the trappings a business traveller needs - WiFi, minibar and laundry service. That so, the recomendations for the beach were spot on. We liked the 24 hour security guard in reception, when getting in at 3 in the morning its a welcome sight rather than being intimidating. Our safe wasnt working and they had a maintainance chap in to replace it in under an hour. The rooms have a small hallway allowing for two sets of doors to the room resuling in no corridor noise and more privacy. The windows open rather than being sealed shut, so even though the aircon was excellent you could get a bit of fresh air in the room too.As a side we found a lovely little 'rustic' bar - Babia. Its mostly locals but they have a few tourists who stumble over it The food is lovely - we went every night!. Directions - Left out the hotel. Then right, straight over the cross roads and up the ally way at the left hand side of the bar (called Living - the car park is full of motorbikes.) When coming out of the ally way turn left at the corner and its midway down the road. Say hello to Rollo from Paul n Julie!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Apeks
<Content>Very good One of the best hotels we have ever stayed at.Location is perfect, cant be beaten.Staff very positive and helpsome.Our room was big, nice and clean as a whistle. Bathroom had a massage shower, shaving equipment and all kinds of soaps.Breakfast buffet is the best we have ever seen at a hotel. Regarding value for money you cant find anything better in the centre of Barcelona.Will stay again, no doubt.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Visitors4
<Content>Good Accomodations in a Central Location Hotel provides good accomodations on a quiet side street, but in the center of the city. It is convenient to Metro and walkable to many sights and conveniences. It was great that we could walk out the door and be in the heart of the Gothic quarter of Barcelona, which was our favorite walks. The rooms were comfortable, and importantly, clean.Do visit the Musee Picasso. It's very manageable in size, and excellent exhibits of Picasso's history of work. About a 15-20 minute walk from the hotel that takes you through the Gothic quarter and a very nice walk.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Willforth
<Content>Quiet hotel...nice stay The Hotel is comfortable and clean. Staff are pleasant and efficient and the rooms have all the basic comforts.The Hotel is 2 mins walk off the Ramblas. The street it is on is a little bit difficult to find and not all taxis know how to get to the Hotel. But if you want to be close to La Ramblas and do not want the associated noise at night, this Hotel is a great choice.Would definitely stay again  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	3	

<Author>bob462
<Content>Great location and very quiet Stayed in the Duc de la Victoria for 3 nights in May. Couldn't fault the hotel itself - very clean, ok size rooms, nice queen size beds, good sized bathroom and working air-con. The view from the room wasn't much to write home about (looking along a narrow street), but you don't go to Barcelona to stay in the hotel room admiring the view.The location of the hotel is ideal, just a couple of minutes walk from La Ramblas. Even though the hotel is very central, it is on a quiet pedestrianised street, so you don't get any of the noise as with most hotels in this busy city.Overall - very pleasant stay and would definitely recommend to others.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UKRoger
<Content>Great Hotel but a shame about the staff. The NH Duc de la Victoria could not be in a better location. Just 3 minutes walk away is the main centre of the city, Las Ramblas with its bars , restaurants and shops. The nearest metro link is about 5 minutes away, as is a tourist information centre.The hotel itself was spotless. The maids did an excellent job, cleaning the room each day and topping up the various freebies in the bathroom.I would have given this hotel a 5 point 'Excellent' rating if it had not been for the staff. 'Unhelpful' is an understatement.When we arrived in Barcelona, we took the Aerobus from the airport to the hotel. When we arrived in our room, my wife discovered that her purse was missing. We do not know if it was stolen or lost en route. Straight away I went down to the lobby and asked the staff for help. We had credit cards in the purse and some cash. We wanted to contact the airport and bus company to ask if it had been handed in. The response from the staff was shocking. They wouldn't telephone because they didn't know the number! (Couldn't be bothered to look it up). They didn't offer to help in any way and I felt as though they just wanted me to go away and stop disrupting their chat!We went to the tourist information office for help. It was packed with people, and yet the girls there were totally different. They looked up numbers, telephoned for us and did everything they could to help.The buffet breakfast was good with an large selection, mainly cold, but there was a server containing bacon, sausages and fried potatoes (chips). If you want eggs cooked (fried, boiled, etc) you just ask the waitress. But one morning we happened to sit on a table layed for three, (because it was in a nice spot) and we were told in a very rude and abrupt manner to move to a table for two. And that was after we had started to eat!Even as we left the hotel for our journey home, we asked the staff if they would be kind enough to check the flight information for us, but again...too much trouble.So, if you want to go to Barcelona, I certainly recommend the hotel. However, in case of an emergency, don't expect any help from the lobby staff...you're on your own there!.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>bridgerobe
<Content>Very central and yet very quiet Ups:- very central and yet very quiet, facing a narrow street closed to private traffic. -room modern and warm. Tea facilities. -staff was very helpful and attentive. Check in and  check out absolutely smooth. They let me stay until 03.00pm.Downs: - 160 euro for a single room without breakfast.  You judge, to me is not a bargain. - the bathroom is the only weak point. Not up to the standard of the hotel. Don't misundertand me, it is  OK anyway.Overall, I would go back  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>themaw
<Content>great value hotel       looking from our balcony one way  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>lunadream
<Content>loved it!!! This hotel was very chic and modern, it was worth the price, situated in Las Ramblas, in a small street nearby, not in the main center but lovely!The room was good, an ammenities too. The bathroom was very nice! Excellent service. Nearby Tour buses, and everything!wWe would stay there again. we stayed from 11-13 March, 2007.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	3	

<Author>Splintergroup
<Content>Great little hotel Have just spent a long weekend in Barcelona staying at the Duc de la Victoria having read previous reviews on Trip Advisor! What a great little hotel, excellent quiet location, smallish but very clean rooms, nice clean bathrooms, in fact, everything you could wish for for a short break! Some nice little cafes for breakfast close by but the hotel restuarant looked really nice! Do use the hop on hop off tourist buses as they were great. Also, when arriving at the airport, get a bus into the centre of Barcelona as it only costs about 3 Euros each and is much better than a taxi!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>LongIslandTourist
<Content>great location We enjoyed our stay. The rooms were small, but very clean and comfortable. The bathroom was nice as well. The breakfast was excellent. The location of the hotel was excellent and near public transportation. The staff was extremely nice. The only negative thing that I can say is that they tried very, very hard to be helpful in a concierge sense, but that they were not up to the job  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>PortoPorto
<Content>Perfect Location, unexciting room Just returned from Barcelona where I stayed for three nights in this hotel. I had been at another NH in Barcelona several years before and chose this one because of the excellent reviews. However, this is a 3-star hotel and the reviews must be understood starting from this fact. No free lunches as some would say. The air conditioning is not really controlled by the customer. I thought I was at the peak of summer in Africa with no chances but opening the window to control the temperature. The room's size was acceptable (3-star hotel, remember) and apart from that I would stand out the excellent/perfect location (even the airport express bus is 2 mins walking from the hotel) and the usual NH business-standard fully equipped toilets. At the end of the day, don't pay a premium to stay here over other several alternatives in town.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>ranger5322
<Content>Superb Hotel in great location I have to agree with the previous comments that this hotel is in an superb location. Only 2 mins walk away from Las Ramblas and Place de Catelunya and hidden in a tiny back street so no noise or crowds. The room was clean but on the smallish side and the service on the Saturday and Sunday in the breakfast room was good, but come Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, more staff than visitors and we found it average, as they just stood around rather than asking you if you wanted any drinks or clearing away your used plates etc. But please don't let that put you off, that could have been a one off and hopefully it was, as the hotel was very good for a city hotel, we couldn't fault anything except the breakfast service on those 3 days.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>irlhelen
<Content>Comfortable Hotel We stayed here during a short break in November 2006. We enjoyed the location as it was quiet but very near the buzz of Placa Catalunya and Las Ramblas. The beds were comfortable and the staff very friendly.The location is right between major shopping streets so there are lots of people out and about. However, the actual street where the hotel is located is a bit deserted if you go back after about 10 pm.Didn't try the breakfast so I don't know if it was good or not.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lily8
<Content>Loved the Duc de la Victoria We stayed at the Duc de la Victoria after a very disappointing experience with another hotel in the Barri Gotic, (the hotel Raco del Pi), who had given our room away when we arrived and turned out to be nothing like the advertised features on the web site. We explained our situation to the very courteous staff at the Duc, and for the same price were given a quiet, beautiful room on the top floor with a large balcony, wonderful views and very comfortable inner sprung bed. The room was spacious, newly appointed, very clean and very user-friendly. The staff were great, and the breakfast room and buffet breakfast looked good, although we chose to eat out in the little caffes. The Barri Gotic is a great location with most attractions within walking distance.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Oook!!
<Content>Great location, very helpful staff! Stayed here 5 nights, excellent location between La Rambla and portal de l'angel in the heart of Barrio Gotico. The room was clean, well furnished and the bed was very comfortable.Breakfast was not included but with 13 euros pp you can have a great one, definetly worth it.Finally the staff was very helpful and cheerful.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>chocodung
<Content>Bright and clean hotel Stayed there for a night in December. Hotel is in a small street off Carre Canuda, may need some time to locate it. Room is bright, clean, comfort and modern.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>chatnoir28
<Content>Great Hotel My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights at the end of September. The public areas of the hotel were very clean and bright and check-in was quick and easy.Our room was a double on the third floor and it was a fair size, but a little dark. The air conditioning was fine and room was very quite. The bed was a good size and very comfortable. Although on arrival there was only three pillows, a quick called to reception soon rectified this situation. There was plenty of hanging space and safe was very easy to operate. There was a TV in the room and a mini-bar with room to add your own drinks. The bathroom was internal but still bright and fresh. There were plenty of towels and toiletries provided. The bath was a fair size and the shower had great pressure and plenty of hot water.The breakfast was nice but a little on the pricy side if it is not included in the package price.The location was good for sightseeing. I really enjoyed the Casa Batll贸.We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>globetrotter02
<Content>Loved it!       balcony  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Blackcat2
<Content>Excellent We stayed here for La Merce and found the location to be spot on. Our room was quite small but perfect for our needs with a good hot shower and in room safe. For the price we paid 鈧?7 a night it could not be faulted. My advice would be to book early to get the best rate.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>newuser
<Content>Perfect! We ended up staying here for two nights, the first and last nights of our one week trip to spain. Making the reservation online was extremely easy, and luckily they had the dates we wanted. The hotel is a shopping area, there are a lot of nice stores which close around 8ish, so there is 0 noise at all. The room was very clean, and I love the mints and NH shampoo/conditioner...very nice. The hotel is very close to a lot of attractions, and it's so easy to navigate Barcelona anyway using their public transportation. The only bad thing about this hotel is you can't drive your car right up to the door. Being the dumb americans we are, we tried to drive up the pedestrian street...PS...if you do this, you get a LOT of looks from the locals. At any rate, we followed a guide we found online at [---] pretty closely, and used a lot of the reviews here to choose hotels and had an unbelievable time.I ended up proposing to my girlfriend in San Sebastion...it was awesome!!!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Kroma
<Content>The perfect choice       NH Duc de al Victoria by night  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>cocapeddle
<Content>Great hotel in great location For the price and the location, this hotel is great value considering some of the hotels you could end up in near the Ramblas but I would advise booking on the NH Hotels website for a good rate. The room wasn't huge but you had plenty of room, which was my initial worry when I booked as we were staying here for a week. I didn't have a problem with the staff at all, one of the receptionists even booked a restaurant for us one night and the rooms were very clean and well maintained. You can't fault the location either; at the end of the street is one of the main shopping streets in Barcelona. A 2 minute walk in one direction takes you to The Ramblas, in the other direction it takes you to the Cathedral and 5 - 10 minutes walk is the up and coming Born district which has lots of nice boutiques and restaurants too. One of the major finds was the Barcelona guide book supplied in each room of the hotel. We managed to eat VERY well thanks to this book and I would really recommend a glance if only to avoid all the over priced places in The Ramblas. Well worth a try is the restaurant VISIT which is in the Pulitzer hotel c/Bergara just off of Plaza Catalunya - everything about this restaurant was excellent! Also there are a couple of great restaurants along the seafront by Port Olympic such as Shoko  Bestial  they are only a 5 minute taxi ride (鈧?) from the bottom of The Ramblas.Barcelona is a great city, it was my 3rd visit here and I still love it - don't let talk of pickpockets put you off. That can happen in any city!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Madjock
<Content>Perfect Great hotel, as per other reviews, location is perfect being right off la ramlas and only a couple of mins walk to the nearest underground station.Hotel staff were very friendly, showed us an alternative room when we asked about the small road works outside (we decided to stay put as it didn't effect us due to the weekend). Couple of small issues, safe was locked when we arrived, took a day and three requests to get it opened and the billing on the TV didn't update to show our bill over the four nights.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>DorotaK
<Content>Great location but average hotel We only stayed there for one night so maybe it was not enough to appreciate the hotel, but I really do not understand why it gets such a high rating. That is true that location is great, but there is so many other hotels within the area (Barri Ghotic, La Rambla). We had 2 rooms (6th floor), doubbles, and both were very small with small bathrooms. The decor was very typical to North-American chain hotels like Days Inn or Holidays Inn, so with zero character nor charm, just borring. Also front desk staff was lacking any charm or character, very plain and official. Overall there was nothing wrong with the hotel and I would probably recommend to stay there, but without any huge expectations.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>allsaints
<Content>just the job! Just returned from 3 nights in Barcelona. Duc de la Victoria was exactly what we needed. Nice price. Fantastic location. Clean room. Helpful staff. Would definitely recomend.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>planetearth
<Content>Great hotel in a great location This is a fantastic hotel in a great location just off the top end of Las Ramblas near to Placa de Catalunya. The minute you walk into the reception area you know you have made the right choice. We would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone visiting Barcelona. The food in Barcelona is probably the best we have tried, on our far travels throughout Europe. A visit to St Josephs market on Las Ramblas is a must the size of the fish, veg and meat stalls is the largest i have ever seen and would love one like this in Glasgow. We also visited the Nou Camp stadium and to be honest from the outside it looks an ugly building but the football arena itself was magnificent. We als loloved the Gaudi architecture. For some reason we did not use the metro that much but on the occasion we did it was not a good experience far to hot .  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>B&J144
<Content>Don't stay anywhere else in Barcelona! We stayed at the marvelous NH Duc de la Victoria in Barcelona for a four-day vacation, and I cannot say enough positive things about it. My two main qualifications in chosing a hotel are location and noise level, and it is often difficult to find a quiet hotel near the sights. Duc de la Victoria was an exception-- We were two blocks from Las Ramblas and walking distance to everything we wanted to see plus three metro stations, but the hotel itself was virtually silent. We had no trouble sleeping! The room was small but adequate, with a comfy bed and private bathroom. If I visit Barcelona again in the future, I will only stay at the NH Duc de la Victoria!Helpful hint: Try the Rick Steves guide to Spain  Portugal, especially his tours and restaurant recomendations.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jim6irl
<Content>Good location; average but clean rooms I agree with the previous comments is that this hotel is in an excellent location. Only 2 mins away from Las Ramblas and Place de Catelunya but without the noise and crowds. The room was clean but on the smallish side and the service was average.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>snoopy79
<Content>Great hotel But be wary of Spanish taxes This was a fantastic hotel with an amazing location. Las Ramblas is literally a 2 minute walk. The parc de catalunya is again 2 minutes away where you will find loads of taxis (the taxis are very reasonable). The rooms are not a bad size, huge bed, desk, tv and a fridge (very handy! Even the mini bar prices were reasonable). The air conditioning was excellent and the bathroom was clean and the free products were excellent. Also, the hotel was either very quiet or the walls very thick - we were quite near the elevators and heard nothing!The staff were very helpful and most of them spoke perfect English (the others were near perfect!). We didn't try out the restaurant but we did notice the room service was quite reasonably priced and served until midnight. Just be wary of two things in Barcelona:1. Impuesto (?) tax. The site we booked our hotel through said 99 euros a night but then this surcharge was added as we checked out. It was only about 7 euros a night but if you aren't prepared then you could be out of pocket - especially on a long stay! 2. People begging for money. Yes you have no doubt been warned about beggars, pick pockets but I haven't heard of the experience we went through. A young man starts walking with you, asking you questions, when you tell him you aren't giving him any money he starts hurling abuse. When he did this I decided to pay further attention to him - just in case he did try to rob us. His teeth were really rotted away and it was only when he began shouting I realised this. Furthermore, he was working with another girl. I feel this is definitely a way to get people to bring out wallets/purses and then rob them, pass it to the girl and escape. When I started shouting back he left - he didn't want any negative attention. My advice is if you feel something rather dodgy is going on shout, scream - make noise - people will notice. They might not do anything but these people do not want their faces recognised so that they can pull another job later.For a great meal - there is a restaurant on Mont Juic that looks out on to the whole of Barcelona - it even has a revolving floor. Outside it says Restaurant - nothing more, but it is absolutely wonderful. Montjuic el xalet - Tel. [--] to book. (its a little pricey but well worth it - prob about 40 euros per person for a 2 course+ drinks)The only other tip for a good meal was Los Caracoles (C. dels Escudellers 14) - which is just off the Ramblas - it has roast chickens in the windows and is absolutely wonderful (they have a framed picture of Robert De Niro eating there so not a bad advert!)  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NessW
<Content>Great central hotel       Park Gaull - Barcelona Highlight  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kbriffa
<Content>Perfectly located This hotel is centrally located just a few block away from Plaza de Catalunya. You can easily get to the hotel from the airport with the Aerobus that stops in Plaza Catalunya (even if you're not using backpacks) and walk from there.The staff need to be a bit more cheerful but are nonetheless helpful. I must say that I was a bit worried at seeing a security gurad patrolling the lobby - if he's there then it means he's been needed - but Barcelona is as safe a city as any other European city. The rooms were contemporary finished and airy and comfortable and had air-conditioning. We didn't bother with breakfast - a cheaper option is Mokka - 5 minutes away on the upper part of the Ramblas.Don't just stick to the Ramblas in Barcelona - try going into the up and coming El Raval district or enjoy some sun and sea in Barceloneta. If your looking for nightlife I recommend the area around Francesc Maria square and La Terrazza in Poble Espanyol.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Mandy645
<Content>A Lovely Hotel I have just returned from a 3 night stay at the hotel and would highly recommend it. I spent quite some time researching peoples views of various hotels to ensure that the location and accommodation would be good. The hotel is centrally located, just a 5 minute walk from La Ramblas. The hotel room was of an adequate size and extremely clean (which I can be quite particular about!). I requested a top floor room so that we would not have to endure lots of noise at night when trying to sleep (didn't have a particularly scenic view from the balcony but not a problem because we were out most of the day).  We found the staff to be very helpful and friendly. When we found that the volume on our TV did not work, we reported it to Reception and it was sorted out promptly. Overall, an excellent hotel.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great silence My cousin and I stayed at this hotel in June for several nights. It was clean, comfortable and QUIET. The breakfasts were wonderful: fruit, eggs, meat, cereal, etc and champagne! It is not a place where people fawn over you (which is good in my opinion) and it has a little lobby BUT it is in the gothic quarter and close to las ramblas and away from the noise. Amazingly quiet. Recommend without reservation!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chicagoot
<Content>nice and great location! Much as others have said, this is a nice dependable hotel in a great location. The rooms are relatively large, very clean, well air conditioned (we actually needed blankets at night), and with very comfortable beds. As two females staying here we were quite happy with the location- just a minute or two walk from La Rambla so no winding down dark side streets, but very quiet at night. The front desk staff spoke wonderful English (not necessary, but helpful!) and were very friendly. It's also easily accesible to several Metro stops, including the Placa de Catalunya with several different lines. For walking it was easy to walk to both the ocean and to several of the Gaudi houses. Overall very pleased!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Mash1224
<Content>Dependable hotel This is a good three/four star hotel in a great location. It is clean and functional. It is rather modern. The location is excellent -- being close to old Barcelona area.There are other hotels in the area that offer comparable value.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>tmccaleb
<Content>Really Like This Hotel We really do like this hotel. We stayed here for 3 days in May 2005, for 3 days again in May 2006, and for 3 days in June 2006. We wouldn't keep coming back if we didn't love Barcelona and this hotel. The exterior of the building is old, but the interior is all new. We have had 3 different rooms: two were small by American standards but average or better by European standards, each with a queen-sized bed. The third room was large by European standards with 2 twin beds. In each case, the bathrooms were larger than average, and adequate for 2 people to operate in at the same time. The rooms are very nicely appointed: all tile in baths, wood floors and furniture in bedrooms. Beds are very comfortable; I like a very firm bed, my wife likes a soft bed, we sleep on the same bed in this hotel and neither of us complains. The location is exceptional: in the Barri Gotic, 3 blocks to Placa Catalunya, 2 blocks to the Ramblas, on a narrow quiet street. If you have wheeled luggage, you can easily walk from the Aerobus stop at Placa Catalunya to the hotel (5 minutes, maybe). We have only eaten breakfast there once; the buffet was large with lots of variety and very tasty, although perhaps a bit pricey (13 euros per person). We have paid varying rates for different days, but the rates run approximately 125-150 euros per night--not a bargain, but good value for the money. The front desk staff is helpful, housekeeping is excellent. When we return to Barcelona, this will be our first choice among hotels.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jessica1
<Content>good location Taxi from airport 25euro, dropped off at hotel door. Smallish but adequate reception, quick check in. Room fine, nice comfortable beds, clean, modern, good decor, mini bar/fridge, nice bathroom. Resteraunt/bar looked very nice, however we never find time to eat or drink there as we were out and about. The location was super, 1 min from Ramblas, giving us a nice quiet room for sleeping. There is shops, bars  dining everywhere. Our hotel road was very pituresque with the old tall buildings with balconies. No complaints at all. Would stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gastronauta
<Content>Good 3* hotel - nothing more As already flagged by others, the main plus is the excellent location: close to the Ramblas but far from the noise. Rooms ok and nice bathroom but mine was a bit dark. Smart and relatively new furnishings.Breakfast room: I gave up as it was so crowded but seemed average. Non-existent common areas (cost of location I suppose) and front desk seemed pretty surly to me. Overall, OK hotel but nothing special. Worth it if under 鈧?50 only.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>etz5
<Content>Great Location My wife and I stayed here during a recent swing through Barcelona. The location was great, as it was just off La Rambla, (about a block away), and within easy walking distance to all the sights, and the subway. It should be noted, that you'll want to stay OFF La Rambla, because it will be quieter.As far as the room goes, I'd say it was pretty average. Neat, clean, and with no real view.The service was okay. The front desk staff was kind, although they didn't speak English too well, and we didn't speak Spanish too well, so we had problems communicating with them.Overall, a good stay, and for the price, it can't be beat.I would also add, if you are going to Barcelona, and you're English, you'll have a great time at two different restaurants.We loved:El Xampanyet - A Tapas Bar, off the beaten path, which oozes with character. Its not touristy and was full of locals.Tapioles 53 - That's the address! It doesn't have a name, and has no menus. The Australian chef comes by your table and says, here's what I have tonight', and here's what's fresh. You take your pick of two meals she's prepared. It was a wonderful experience, and great for the price. It was like having dinner at a friend's house, as it's in one of Barcelona's residential districts. I would recommend reservations though, because she only has four tables.Enjoy your trip!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>swissclive
<Content>Ok...........but overrated. The Hotel Duc de la Victoria is ok, but one of the top 20 in Barcelona? I don't think so.It really is nothing special. It is convenient for Las Ramblas and the city centre; it's in a quiet location (the surrounding streets are pedestrian only) and it's fairly modern, fairly clean and the rates aren't too bad.We booked for three nights and the first room we were given was small and smelt of smoke (even though we'd requested non smoking). We asked for another room, but the hotel was full and they couldn't provide this until the next day. The second room, when we got it, was worse than the first, so we requested a third! So, having seen a good selection of what was on offer, I think I'm well placed to judge!If the Duc de la Victoria had appeared at number 50 in the Tripadvisor list, I may still have booked it, but my expectations wouldn't have been as high, and I don't think I'd have have been as disappointed!!So my conclusion is this. Overrated.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lh6938
<Content>Classy hotel in fantastic location! Belive the fantastic reviews! I stayed here with two teens in February and we were very impressed. The staff was helpful and curtious, the rooms were clean and lovely, the bathroom was wonderful and the beds very comfortable. We asked for two beds and got two twins pushed together. This was fine for us but I understand this is the norm so if you want to sleep together with out the crack in the middle, be sure you get a real king. We were very pleased with the location - walking distance to everything and great for catching the tourist bus to the sites. Try out the restaurants on the side streets - the ones facing Las Ramblas are more pricey and more touristy. Here's the real story on the taxi coming to the front door - I asked the cab driver before I left from the airport if he would be OK with driving up to the front door and he very graciously said yes so I had no prblem. I would not recommend waiting to find out if your driver says no when he gets to Las Ramblas - it's not a terribly long walk (two long blocks) but something I'd rather not do at night with luggage especially when its not necessary. We had no probelm getting taxis on 3 different occassions to pick us up at the door and drop us off at night when we went to restaurants. I think the warnings helped me to be prepared to head this off so I had no problem and neither should you! I recommend taking the taxi to the airport unless you have very little luggage. The convenience is worth the extra euros and I'm very budget minded.The bagel shop a few doors down is terrific for breakfast but don't miss the market on Saturday like we did. Everyone recommends going there for breakfast and we planned it for Sunday morning and they are closed on Sunday! I would highly recommend this hotel and would stay here again. For a budget priced hotel it was very classy! I went on to Granada and the NH there was lovely as well and a great location but I did not stay there.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>conguero
<Content>Convenient, loved this hotel We stayed at this hotel for 4 days in March 2006 and this hotel was such a great deal. It was an in an excellent location very close to the Ramblas and Bari Gotic area and minutes away from the Metro station. The best part of the hotel was being in a very quiet but safe street in a busy area. The only downside was that the staff wasn't very helpful except for the gentleman working in the evenings.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>agentbeige
<Content>Great for shopping, eating, and drinking! After spending some European city breaks in some rather small, tatty rooms in the past, this was a refreshing change. The hotel is quite new and has been designed in a contemporary style. The room we stayed in had plenty of storage/hanging space, laminate flooring, a very comfortable bed (without chintzy bedspread), a desk (and a large TV that we didn't use), and a decent size bathroom with shower, bath, toilet, sink and bidet. They provide toothbrushes, combs, razors, shampoo, shower gel and soap from their own range of products which smell of grapefruit! The rooms were clean and tidy and were kept to that standard during our stay.We didn't have much contact with the staff as we didn't eat here at all, but most of them seemed fairly friendly. The woman that checked us in wasn't exactly all smiles, but she wasn't what I would describe as rude either. The hotel is, as other members have mentioned, in an excellent location for traversing the city, but it is also right next to some busy shopping streets, and is joined to other residential/business properties, so don't expect to be in a quiet area if you book this hotel. On the Friday night that we were here, I heard a party going on through the walls (but this city has a busy nightlife so you can't really come here and then complain about noise!). Apart from that, the location is perfect for shopping and eating. There are many restaurants, bars and shops that you will come across if you simply wander around the narrow streets near the hotel, or on La Rambla. However, as with many cities, the busy areas can also be the dirtier parts to the city. The streets in this area are a bit grubbier than the historic parts of the city, so don't be surprised if you see rubbish, dog poo or men weeing in allyways! If you want a more luxury area, you may want to try another part of the city. The Gaudi sights such as Park Guell, Casa Mila and the Sagrada Familia are not within walking distance, but we took a tube to Park Guell which was only a few stops away, and managed to see the other two sights on the way back in the same morning, so nothing is too far away. The tube service offers the equivalent of a London tube one-day travelcard for zone 1, which covers all major sites(and it's cheaper than London).We enjoyed the area near the Picasso museum most of all. The area has cobbled streets and is very well kept. The food we ate in a cafe called 'Origen' served great local cuisine, but many other places looked equally nice. This area was also easy to get to from the hotel. Overall, the hotel was good, and I would definitely recommend it to others. It was most suitable for young people or travellers who wish to be in the busier part of town. It was worth the rates we paid.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jonathan020
<Content>Superb hotel, great location The hotel is located in a very convenient location on a side street off La Rambla and only a 2-3 minute walk from Placa de Catalunya (where the Airport shuttle bus arrives and departs).Our room was well looked after and clean with a nice bathroom and large safe. Complimentary smints on your bedside, chocolates on your pillow and toiletries were all great touches and not what you would expect for a hotel of only 3 stars.At checkout the front desk held our luggage without a problem in a secure room until we were ready to come back and collect ready for our return flight.Did not get a chance to sample the dining but I should imagine it would be up to the same excellent standards experienced throughout the hotel.When I return to Barcelona I shall certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Faultless We've just returned from a faultless 3 night stay at the NH Duc de la Victoria and were extremely happy with our experience there.The hotel is in a perfect location, about 2 minutes from Las Ramblas in a quiet little street in the Gothic Quarter. We found the area to be safe, friendly and well lit in the evenings, making getting about very easy.The hotel is incredibly clean throughout with a friendly professional staff who responded well to any of our requests.As you walk out of the lift on the guest room floors, you immediately know that the rooms are going to be of good quality. Carpeted hallways and lots of polished wood give a warm feel to the interiors and the guest rooms are equally stylish and welcoming.Polished wooden floors and quality furnishings, beds, pillows and linens as well as beautifully appointed bathrooms feature in the rooms and the toiletries are delicious!We ate at Attic Restaurant on Las Ramblas for two out of our three nights and weren't disappointed. Window tables overlook Las Ramblas an the interior is very modern and stylish. Food was outstanding and served by efficient staff. Book ahead to make sure you get a table as this is a popular place.We had a simple breakfast at the Capri Cafe in the Gothic Quarter every morning and enjoyed the warm friendly atmosphere before travelling around all the major sights on the excellent value Bus Touristic. We also travelled on the Metro underground in the evening to check out the illuminted Sagrada Familia which was well worth the effort - and very safe.Our favourite haunt for after dinner drinks was the Cafe Catalunya in Placa de Catalunya. Great tapas and chocolate cake and very nice staff.From a safety perspective, we have to say we found our whole experience to be problem free. We were mindful of reports on this and other travel websites so simply excercised the same caution one would in any other major city. There was a good police presence in all the major tourist areas and overall we felt very safe during our stay in this fabulous city. We very highly recommend the NH Duc de la Victoria and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Danny Boy 123
<Content>An excellent choice hotel This hotel enjoys an excellent location - 150 meters from Las Ramblas and 200 meters from Place Catalunya. It is in a pedestrianised side turning which means that your taxi won't be able to drop you outside the hotel, but if you print ouit a large scale map of the Barri Gothic (Gothic Quarter) from the internet you will easily be able to find the hotel. Our taxi dropped us on Las Ramblas. The hotel itself is above a branch of the Decathlon sports shop. Interestingly, taxis do come all the way to the hotel to collect you.The rooms were clean and very quiet, and like most city centre hotels quite small. Breakfast is not included but the all you can eat buffet from the hotel restaurant costs 13 euros. Hotel staff were extremely friendly and willing to put themselves out to make the stay enjoyable.The restaurant in the evenings was closed, but there are numerous good eating places close by and within a 10 minute walk.When I go back to Barcelona I will definitely stay at the NH Duc de la Victoria  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bristol_UKGuy
<Content>excellent value for money First time to Barcelona stayed at this hotel Feb 9th - 12th, after reading the reviews and can't say anymore then great location, rooms, and easy get around as the 3 metro stations right around the corner, or the tourist bus. Easy to get to from the airport get on a 'aerobus' for 3.75 (euros) outside the terminal, makes three stops last one being the placa catylunya. Then about 100meter to the hotel instead of paying for a taxi.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travelling_Ryders
<Content>Happy New Year       Caught short on Las Ramblas  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location Just back from a weekend at NH Duc de la Victoria. Great hotel, spotlessly clean, modern rooms, ideal location. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jbsandown
<Content>Most enjoyable Stayed with friends sharing 3 rooms.Found to be jolly good value (like most things in Barcelona -except the rip-off city bus tours!) Unexpectedly beneficial location, just off Las Ramblas -so it's close to the action, yet peaceful. Pleasant ambiance without ostentation. Nice selection of papers in the lobby (The Bride always keeps me waiting) Really good breakfast room. Try a bit of Spanish and the staff fall over to be helpful with information and transportation suggestions. Only slight niggle was that the hotel bar was a little obscure and not a place to watch the world go by.Would definitely return. JB  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel! We stayed here in October 2005 based on TripAdvisor reviews and were not disappointed! My emails were always answered within 24 hours. The location could not be better, rooms are small but clean. The shower pressure was wonderful which I know sounds like a small thing but means a lot to us. Three things that were inconvenient but would not prevent us from staying there again: no irons, the only English speaking station was CNN and the staff does not take messages for guests (we had friends that tried to reach us while we were out of our room and were told they would just have to call back). Overall, I don't think you could find better hotel for the price and location. We can't wait to go back! Oh, we loved the soaps and shampoos as others have stated :)  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything was fine! Everything was fine!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>well well well! Having booked my first holiday in 6 years to Salou ....and finding it closed over new year period,my partner and I managed to escape on a train to the magical city of Barcelona and with the very efficient help of the tourist office a short walk away from the hotel this wonderfully located oasis was like heaven personified!...Lovely,clean,quality accomodation, at an affordable price.Very comfortable rooms,just loved the quality of the furnishings and decor,in particular the attention to detail such as a personal greeting on the T.V.the audio sound system being included in the bathroom,the card entry system leaving all preset lighting to the same settings as when you left, upon your return and the attention to detail was excellent.Was there a downside?.....The very solid,luxury room doors were very noisy when being closed by early rising guests.Rarely can you find such wonderful surroundings and be so centrally located in the superb Hotel as this is.We shall return to the City soon.....and hopefully to NH Victoria if not fully booked!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent location and value Really nice, clean hotel in a perfect location. Stayed there the week of New Year's with my girlfriend and we both loved it. Staff was friendly enough, and perfectly acceptable by Spanish standards. Stay here, you won't regret it.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Adly2
<Content>great position We have just spent 4 days in barcelona staying at the Duc de la victoria, the hotel itself is great, very clean, quiet and warm! Rooms are small but nice and our bathroom was all marble and immaculate.I will agree with other reviews that the reception staff arent the most 'bubbly' people i have ever met but we didnt find them rude just not overly friendly. The hotel is in what we thought the best position in barcelona and ideal to get to most places within the city and we certainly walked our legs off for those 4 days, sooooo much to see. We followed the advice from another reviewer who had posted exact directions to the hotel after getting the aerobus from the airport. fantastic, THANKYOU, directions led us straight to the hotel! and saved on a cab fare. definately buy tickets and use the Bus turistic, these cost us 21 euros each for two days but were invaluable in getting us all round the city on the different routes. we want to go back already and would definitely stay in the same hotel!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lucyamartin
<Content>ideal spot My friend and I stayed at the NH Duc le la Victoria for 3 nights around Xmas. The hotel was every bit as good as it has been reported on tripadvisor. It was extremely good value, in a terrific location and was clean and attractive. The breakfast buffet was not included but was very good.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location Location Location       View from balcony  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>elerem2002
<Content>Great hotel We spent three nights at this hotel, and used it as our base to explore Barcelona. The rooms were small but spotless, and very nice, and the staff were very helpful.This is a great hotel.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bigonias
<Content>Great hotel! Spent 2 nights at the Victoria. Room was on top floor, recently renovated, very clean, with minibar and tv and reasonable view of the city. The only downside was that the room was rather small but didn't affect us as we only used it for sleep. The location of this hotel is amazing-very convenient and near all the sites, yet very quiet at least when I visited (and of course December is not the busiest time to visit Barcelona). Front desk spoke English and were helpful everytime we asked something. Overall I would recommend it and definitively stay there again myself.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>carrilou
<Content>Off the path Though we only stayed at NH Duc de la Victoria one night. I would definitely stay there again. The rooms were upper scale modern and clean. The staff were friendly and more then willing to assist us. After check out, the hotel offered to hold our bags until our train departed that evening. We were able to sight see the afternoon  not worry about our bags. All though this hotel is located in the La Ramble area, it was off the main streets which made it quiet and not as crowded, but close enough which made it easy to walk to local sights, shops and restaurants.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel This hotel was very comfortable and right in the middle of old Barcelona. Our room was small but nice. The breakfast buffet was overpriced (which seemed to be the case throughout Spain) but excellent. When we checked out they asked if we wanted to pay in US dollars or Euros. The staff was business-like -- not particularly friendly but not surly. Our experience began on a sour note with the taxi driver dropping us on the Rambla and saying he couldn't drive on the street to the hotel. He pointed in the direction of the hotel and we wandered around for at least 15 minutes (with our bags) before stumbling upon the hotel. Later that day we helped a couple who had had the same thing happen. Not the hotel's fault ... but I'm not sure how anyone could preclude this happening to them. The hotel is located on a short narrow street without a lot of foot traffic -- we were a little uncomfortable with being out late at night. I wouldn't recommend this hotel for a woman traveling alone just because of the isolated alley that it's located on. Otherwise, the location was excellent -- close to all of the action but quiet because it wasn't right on the main drags. When we left, the hotel called a taxi that came right up to the door and then had to inch out through the hordes of holiday shoppers! Barcelona is a city I want to return to and I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sarahog
<Content>Great hotel with great location and great price. Stayed at the nh Duc de la Victoria for 4 days (3nights). We found the hotel to be very friendly. They had allocated us a room with 2 single beds and changed it to a double room with no problems. The room was spacious and the bathroom was very clean and smart. The toiletries provided were lovely. There is a safe in the room which is great and also a very useful information book about barcelona. The reception staff were always friendly and helped us find a few places to go. We booked about 1 1/2 months in advance through the hotels website for 70 euros per night plus tax, not including breakfast which is a bargain. You can find lovely places for breakfast nearby so theres not really any need to have breakfast in the hotel for 12 euros. Location is about 2 blocks from La Rambla and you probably won't find another hotel like this, with this location for such a reasonable price.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Nat1
<Content>Wonderful hotel at reasonable price Excellent hotel, reasonably priced. Rooms are modern, clean and spacious. Location is superb - in the heart of Barcelona, but in a quiet street that allows you to get away from the hustle and bustle. Would definately stay here again for leisure, probably not great for business travel.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>aine24
<Content>perfect location Great hotel in a perfect location, just off las ramblas. The taxi from the airport took us right to the door of the hotel. Staff were efficient if a little unfriendly. Room wasnt the biggest but perfectly adequate although it was a litte dark. But then again we were hardly ever in the room. Looking forward to staying here again on my next trip. Its a great city  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Festive Barcelona We stayed in Barcelona for two nights and had chosen the hotel because of its central location and were not disappointed. It was ideal for walking around the central sights of Barcelona and of course being December the Christmas lights and decorations were lit and the Christmas markets in full flow! It was very busy at times but also atmospheric.The hotel facilities were very good as described by previous reviewers. One nice touch was that my own room and that of the person I was travelling with appeared to have been personalised i.e. gender appropriate magazines etc. The staff in the restuarant were very pleasant and helpful. It was just a shame that this bonhomie did not extend to those at the reception. Mistakes were made on the bill and the person did not seem too happy to sort it out. This however was only a very minor flaw in what otherwise was a very enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Pinchy
<Content>Watch your Bag! Just returned from 3 nights at the Victoria hotel, location in the Gothic quarter was excellent, very quiet and pedestrianised. Room very clean and quiet, beds were really comfortable. Didn't try the breakast as we thought the previous reviews weren't too good. Air con wasn't a problem, we just opened the windows.If you turned right out of the hotel, right again, through the arch at the Citidines hotel, you were right on the Ramblas. We walked down to the port, and I'm very careful with my bag, but someone behind me still managed to open 2 zips on my bag! Luckily I heard the noise and turned around, but they thieves ran off, luckily for me I heard them in time. Try the La Fonda restaurant not far from the main square, excellent deal for food, even if you have to queue!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>kattinger
<Content>near to ideal We booked mostly based on the reviews here and were not disappointed. There are many strong points and a few weaker ones, which fortunately did not concern us.Yes the taxi driver let us out at the Ramblas because the hotel is in a pedestrian zone and we had to walk some 200m and there are no big signs indicating the hotel. As we had only hand-luggage trolleys for a 4 days stay and a good map this was not a problem.The room was not very big but nicely and efficiently furnished, there is a safety box in the room, there is enough space in the bathroom beside the sink to put two people麓s stuff, courtesy tooth brush, razors etc. If one of us had impaired movebility we might have had problems with stepping into the tub to take a shower though. The room was quiet, no noise from the outside nor from within the hotel.Breakfast is relatively sumptous (lots of choice, cava (= spanish champaign) included), the supposedly hot items are lukewarm at the most though and the coffee was rather unimpressive.Staff was friendly and helpful - when the safety box did not work at first somebody was at our room to fix it within 5 minutes - but also a little bit helpless (e.g. they have never heard of restaurant cinc sentits and I had to direct them to the internet in order to get directions about the location).The location of the hotel simply is exellent, many sights and nice locations within walking distance, taxis and bus touristic-stop available at Placa Catalunya, within 5 minutes walking distance. As a whole, the hotel was near to ideal for a few days stay as a tourist, we paid 430 Euros for a double for three nights, breakfast included and considered it good value.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel...Great Location We spent 3 nights at the Duc de La Victoria and would book it again without hesitation. The location was perfect....just a short walk from the airport bus (which saved on taxis), La Ramblas (which I didn't like but still an experience to walk down it), El Cortes Ingles, the Gracia district, cathederal etc. etc.We had a standard room (price wise) but found it perfect size wise and with the added advantage of having a corner room with 2 windows and balconies. The bathroom was very clean and well stocked with toiletries and we found the staff helpful. Our deal didn't include breakfast but instead we eat out each morning in one of the local cafes (or even tapas bars) and found we could dine for about 6 - 8 euros for the 2 of us. Would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware of credit card rip-off! I thought this hotel was far too expensive for what was on offer; it's difficult to believe all the hype on this website after staying here for three nights. The room was very small, and it wasn't adequately sound-proofed. It was hot and stuffy with the air-conditioner on - even in December! There was a problem with the sound on the TV, but this was not fixed, despite being reported to the reception. If having to pay an extra 鈧?2.5 for breakfast on top of the 鈧?40 a night room price was bad enough, when you pay your bill with a credit card, they automatically bill it to you in your own currency with a 2.5% mark-up! The receipt even has the nerve to state that you have been given the choice of currencies, the conversion rate and final amount, when in fact the receptionists do no such thing! I moved over to the Barcel贸 Hotel Sants for 鈧?00 a night and much preferred the stay there.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Location/Great Hotel I would not hesitate in recommending this hotel.The location is fantastic,2 minutes walk from the Las Ramblas,10 minutes to Placa de Catalunya. The hotel is clean, modern and i found the staff to be helpful and speaking excellent English.The breakfast buffet is superb, serving up to 12pm at the weekend, enough to set you up for the whole day. To be honest it is not a luxurious hotel,but an excellent 3 star as it claims to be,and I managed to find a good rate including breakfast at go2spain.If you want to spend the whole time in your room at the hotel, why go to an amazing city like Barcelona?  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Traveler227
<Content>Great Hotel and Location This hotel is a great choice based on location and cost. It's right in the Gothic Quarter and near Las Ramblas. The airport shuttle was really convenient and dropped you off a 5 minute walk from the hotel. Our room was extremely clean and the area appeared very safe, even late at night. It's definitely a great choice if you want to stay in the heart of Barcelona.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>EC_Traveller
<Content>Room okay for right price, rude staff I reserved for 5 nights via the NH site after reading the many positive reviews here. When booking the room the terms and conditions stated that the rate included breakfast. Upon checking in I asked for confirmation of the rate and the inclusion of breakfast. I was very abruptly told that breakfast was not included. It was not a big deal as I thought that I would ask again when the day staff was manning the front desk. I asked the following day if they would please check their records and was very rudely told that breakfast was not included. I wish to stress that I was not asking them to give me anything, only to verify the reservation terms. I was scolded as if I were trying to steal from them. The room was okay, the bathroom clean, the carpet needed replacing, and the heat in the room was a bit stifling even in November. I would stay here again only if the rate offered were heavily discounted. In all of our many, many trips to Europe I've never been treated as rudely as at the front desk of the NH Hotel Duc de la Victoria. If you don't need to deal with the front desk, the rest of the staff were quite pleasant. Barcelona is a lovely and fascinating city, stay elsewhere when you visit it.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>titchy1
<Content>Rather overrated We chose this hotel for a seven-night stay based on the gushing reviews here. Cheap it most certainly wasn't - 拢668.25 from Last minute booked over six weeks in advance is hardly a steal. True, the hotel is central, and you don't have to walk more than five minutes from Ramblas, but there are loads of hotels similarly situated. There was no problem with our booking and we were given a quiet, small room facing an inner courtyard. No revelry from the streets then, but the door is poorly insulated - you can hear everyone staggering back and fumbling for their key card after their festivities end at 3 a.m. The breakfast buffet IS sumptuous, but very expensive at 鈧?5 on top of the room. The room is well cleaned, and the bathroom immaculate. The staff are courteous and friendly, although they barely speak English. WLAN Internet access is another extra at 鈧? an hour or 鈧?4 a day. I think the hotel was fine, but not the amazing bargain everyone seems to go on about.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>alimac23
<Content>Great location Had a great 4 day stay here. The hotel has an excelllent location, 2 mins walk from the cathedral, Plaza Catalunya (grat for bus tours and transport to and from airport) and Las Ramblas. It is on a quiet side street but is so close to the busier streets around that this is not a problem.The room was clean and the complimentary toiletries a great touch. My only complaint was that the room was too hot and the air conditioning didn't work very well.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Littlecat2
<Content>Perfect choice As another reviewer has advised - stop looking and book this hotel now. We stayed here for three nights in early October, and couldn't find fault with it. The room was great - very quiet with dark curtains - with a fantastic, large bathroom. The location was perfect - in a quiet pedestrianised street but near to everything we wanted. Pleasant staff, a safe in the room, very nice breakfast if you want to pay for it, easy to leave luggage after checking out etc... I won't bother looking at any other hotels when I visit Barcelona again.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RobMcFad
<Content>Wonderful Hotel I booked three twin rooms in this hotel for an early work Christmas trip and couldn't have been happier. The rooms were clean and well decorated and come with toothbrush and tooth paste as well as a shaving kit. Breakfast was excellent with a wonderful choice to suit all tastes, there was even champagne if you like to start your day with a bucks fizz. When it comes to location you couldn't hope for a better spot. Less than a two minute stroll off La Rambla and you're there and yet when the time comes to retire for the night all is peacefull outside so don't worry about the noise.To sum up I could't recommend this hotel highly enough, its great value for money.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>life43
<Content>Excellent NH Duc de la Victoria I spent 4 days in October with my daughter in this nice hotel and if we return to Barcelona surely choose it again. We loved the Barrio Gotic, where the hotel is. It has everything: nice boutiques, Internet, groceries, restaurants, etc. El Corte Ingl茅s (first apartment store in Spain)is a few blocks from the hotel, in front of Plaza Catalunya, where there is a turistic bus stop too. One block from there is a metro. Two blocks away from the hotel are Las Ramblas, a quite funny avenue. The room was nice and clean, the beds very good and a great detail: a tray with a water boiler, two cups, tea and coffee. It overlooked the street but was very silent. The room isn麓t huge but it was standard. I guess superior are bigger. Nevertheless, it was confortable. The bathroom was spotless and very luminous, with a good variety of amenities.The breakfast was not included in the price but we prefered to pay for it because it was great. I do recommend NH Duc de la Victoria!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>klotezooi
<Content>Good hotel with an excellent location Stayed 4 days/3 nights; The location of the hotel is excellent as read before. In the centre but without the noise of the centre and the terrible Ramblas with its homeless, gypsies and pickpockets.Room is oke and looks good. Not that big but big enough. No carpet so it looks cleaner than it is..The maid had 3 offdays or she just don't clean to well, because for 3 days there was a cap of a bottle in a corner on the floor that wasn't cleaned up...Breakfast was good. Plenty of choice and from 7 till 11 am. Overall a good hotel on an excellent location.Thumbs up !!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Dedris
<Content>Great location, in a great city My wife and I have just returned from a week holiday in Spain. We sent three nights at the NH Duc de la Victoria, before flying to Lugo in Northern Spain. The hotel is conveniently located, in the heart of the Bari Gotic. Even though the hotel in surrounded by busy pedestrian ways, the hotel location and the rooms afford a quiet and comfortable stay.NH Duc de la Victoria, is part of a large chain of Spanish hotels. The room was well appointed, clean and comfortable. The view from the bedroom into the courtyard was not worth drawing the curtains. The charge of 12 euro for breakfast encourages us to walk the five minutes to the Plaza Catalunya, where there are several cafes; all give relaxed and pleasant service. Sit and eat a croissants whilst watching the locals hurry about their daily business.Even though we arrived late in the evening, the staff were efficient and business like. The staff spoke excellent English, so I did not have to speak my very poor Spanish.Barcelona is a vibrant and beautiful city. The tourist busses are worth the cost. A two day pass is marginally more expensive than a one day, and is necessary if you want to see all of the city in a few days.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved the Duc de la Victoria! After checking the reviews for this hotel, we stayed at the Duc de la Victoria for two nights before embarking on a transatlantic cruise on Oct. 14. The location, service and room could not have been better for a short stay in Barcelona. We had a corner room which overlooked the courtyard. Not a great view but extremely quiet and great for sleeping and recuperating from the jet lag after a transatlantic flight. The hotel's location made it easy to get to the Placa Catalunya for the Bus Turistic and El Corte Ingles and to Las Ramblas for dining. We enjoyed breakfast at the Bagel Shop just around the corner from the hotel and dinners at FresCo, on Carrer del Carme and la Gardunya behind La Boqueria market (be sure to ask for their daily special menu).BEWARE: If you are taking a taxi from the airport, many drivers do not know how to get to the hotel! Our taxi dropped us about 50 m from the hotel but the driver helped carry our luggage right up to the hotel entrance. Our travelling companions were left on las Ramblas a few blocks from the hotel and had to find their own way to the hotel. The ended up getting lost and had to ask for directions several times!Overall, a great hotel in a great location!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pamtutor
<Content>excellent location Just returned from a long weekend to Barcelona and stayed at the Duc De La Victoria. We used the Aerobus from the Airport to the Placa Catalunya and a short walk took us to the hotel. I had booked 2 rooms one for myself and hubby and one for our friends (hubby and wife). We were upgraded to a superior room which turned out to be slightly bigger than our friends, with 2 balconies and tea and coffee making facilities. We were surprised at how quiet the rooms were and yet so near to La Ramblas. When booking the hotel I had emailed ahead that we were celebrating our 25 wedding anniversary. The hotel kindly supplied both rooms with a lovely plate of fresh fruit and a bottle of wine. As mentioned in other reviews, lovely toiletries provided in the room, together with bathrobes and slippers. There was a mini bar but we did not use it. We had not booked breakfast at the hotel so cannot comment on this. Overall, I would recommend this hotel for its comfort, location and good size rooms.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Bollinge
<Content>OK, handy location No porterage service, so if you are not travelling light, you might have a problem.It is situated in a back street in a pedestrian area just off the Ramblas, so don't expect any nice views from the windows.Rooms are fine with nice bathroms and plenty of amenities. Staff are friendly.Breakfast buffet is good, but cheap orange nectar is served rather than orange juice. There is red wine on the buffet, if you fancy that at eight in the morning!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Location, Nice enough rooms This was an excellent hotel choice in Barcelona for my wife and I. The room was small, but clean and quiet. Soap, shampoo, razor, toothbrush, shower gel, comb and other amenities were provided. The breakfast was excellent with very many hot and cold options. What really stood out, though, was the location in the old town and the ease of getting to the hotel from the airport bus stop at Placa Catalunya. Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>WhiteKnight64
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed for four nights, Mon-Fri on BB basis. We were a party of four and were allocated adjacent very clean, spacious and quiet rooms on 5th floor. Air con worked well and great supply of toiletries in bathroom, including combs, daily razor  shaving cream. Very good buffet breakfast, fantastic choice- cold meats, cheese, fresh fruit, juices, melon, hot English (but usually only warm, scrambled egg, sausages, tomato, mushrooms). Also yogurt, soya milk cartons, bread rolls,selection of very fresh pastries, and more. Even a small choice of items that could be freshly cooked for you such as poached eggs.There was a problem on the last morning when tea/coffee was only available in large flasks on a self service basis instead of the usual system of ordering your choice from a waiter, and some food had run out. Despite this the hotel still gets an excellant rating from us due to its good position, helpful staff, cleanliness and reasonable price- 81 euros per night including flights from London Luton. We used the bus to get from/to the airport. Cost was 3.60 euros each and the stop in Catalunya Square was only a short walk down La Rambla then a block or so to the left. Really enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cath61
<Content>Location,location, location Just returned from a 3 night stay at NH Duc. Very comfortable, clean hotel, brilliantly located to the Ramblas, Plaza Catalunya, Barri Gotic. Quiet location, but near all transport routes. Breakfast was included in our deal and there was a good choice of cold and hot dishes. Plenty of eating places around hotel so did not eat in the restaurant. So much to do and see-great city!!!! Did not have to deal with the reception staff ( sign of a good holiday), except to ask them to look after our luggage on day of departure.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>coolinarrig
<Content>Fantastic city hotel, perfect location! I chose this hotel based on the reviews already given by previous writers to this site. And I was not disappointed! It was perfect...Booked the hotel and when we arrived (my husband, myself and my dughter) were put into a room with only one bed (extremely large I might add but still only one). I went down stairs to explain and was immediately given an alternative room, much nicer than the original.The food is lovely there, we had our breakfast each of the 3 mornings, but didn't eat there for dinner, too much on offer elsewhere!The location is ideal, you could not ask for better in the centre of Barcelona. The city is magnificent and on the first day we did the tour, it was worth every penny.The taxi only cost 鈧?9 from the airport for the 3 of us, we went back with another coule staying at the hotel and for the five of us, cost only 鈧?0. I know the train system can do equally a good job but we came across two different couples who had their wallets stolen, so we decided to go the safer option.Everyone seems to mention the Bagel shop, would have loved to try it but it was always full, I suppose that's a good sign!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>PERFECT Location! This hotel is THE PERFECT place to stay for a visit to Barcelona. Just a block or so off the Ramblas. It's on one of the small streets in the old Gothic part of town. The hotel area is quiet, but very easy direct access to all of the energy of Barcelona. We took the airport train to Placa de Catalunya. This worked out well, but on hindsight, the Airport Bus may have been easier. The Placa de Catalunya metro station is very large and a little confusing to determine which exit to take up to street level. We took one wrong turn until we determined we were heading in the wrong direction, and then simply had to turn around and head back in the right direction. The hotel is about a 5 to 10 minute walk from this area. We had decided to not take the bus in order to avoid any rush hour traffic. If you're not arriving at rush hour time, the bus would be easier. The rooms were clean and well furnished. The staff answered our questions and helped us to get a taxi to the port. Taxis CAN come directly to the hotel door. The staff would not give us an estimate on the taxi ride to the cruise ship terminal, and we forgot to ask the driver up front for a price. (many of the taxis actually have meters now, but this one did not)... so we ended up getting screwed with a 25 euro cab fare for a 2 kilometer ride.We loved Barcelona and the Duc de la Victoria was a perfect location within the Barri Gothic and Ramblas area.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>UKNato
<Content>Excellent Choice! My wife and I stayed here during Barcelona's La Merc猫 festival in late September, an annual festival attracting thousands (more) visitors to this fantastic city. The location of this hotel is superb, close (but also far enough) from La Rambla, and well situated an easy stroll south from Placa de Catalunya.The real positive of this hotel is that the location avoids much of the busy pedestrian traffic and associated noise (no vehicle traffic either) common to many parts of Barcelona. This is important if you want/need some shut eye!The hotel rooms are well appointed with modern furnishings, adequate size and in our view good value at approx. 拢85.00 per night (no b/fast). We had no reason to contact the hotel staff other than check-in and out which is usually a good sign. Having said that our check-out staff member couldn't manage a smile buy hey, working on a festival weekend would make me a bit surly!This 3* Hotel does the simple things well, and puts many higher rated (4  5*) hotels to shame. Stay here.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Other reviewers can't be wrong If you are still hesitating on which hotel to choose in Barcelona. Stop and book this hotel. We arrived last wednesday in the afternoon. We took the Airbus from the airport (3,6 euro/person one way) which took 3/4h to Placa de Catalunya. From there its just a 10 minute stroll. As people arrive throughout the day check-in is swiftly. We got room 116 right next to the restaurant/breakfast-room. As we booked a 'quite room' I returned to the desk. There was no discussion at all, they rebooked me immediatly to room 501. This room was ok: spacious and clean. We do regret struggling with the airconditioning. 2 of our 3 nights it did not do its thing at night (the room kept warming instead of cooling of). After two remarks (each morning) to the desk it got fixed. It's true that they are just doing their job, but for me that's ok.The location can't hardly be beaten. Right in the centre off where you want to be: close to sights  shopping. And all this in a quite sidestreet! A real plus.We loved on day one: The Ramblas and the fish-restaurants of Barcelonetta. On day two: the guided tour to Barri Gotic and the shopping line (notably shopping centre L'Illa Diagonal). On day three: the Bus Turistic (we stopped at Segrada Familia, Parc Guell, FC Barcelona)and a part of La Routa Modernista on foot (with a visit to La Padrera, with fine audio tour). On day four: la Boqueria and the Bus Turistic (we stopped at Fundacio Joan Miro, don't take the dull audio tour).We loved eating at Taxidermista, Placa Reial. You'll see the long line at Les Quinze Nits (which we visited a day after and does a better prize than quality, we had bad wine). We would have liked the tapas of Cal Pep if not it was packed with people every time we passed. This gives us an opportunity to return.In short Barcelona is top and this hotel is gonna make it supertop! Have a nice trip!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to Stay. On our way back from a cruise, we stayed a few nights at this hotel. It was in a great location and within walking distance of where our cruise sponsored bus tour dropped us off. The shopping is unbelievable. The bagel shop was a favorite and the food market something to behold off of Ramblas.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LGDP
<Content>Great hotel! Fantastic hotel. Lovely modern room, which was spacious. Very central location, but also quiet. Very comfortable bed and dark curtains.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Ilovehols
<Content>Stop searching and book it! If you want somewhere central, quiet, clean, brill value and safe then look no further. We paid about 70ish Euros I think for a double room because they had a deal on in August. We asked for a high floor and got it. It had a lovely little varanda which we stood out on and sipped our Cava (dead cheap from a little shop right by hotel). Bathroom was big and had lovely toilettries. Room clean, room service efficient and never heard any noise. Reception staff dead helpful when asked, pointing out places on maps and ordering taxis etc. No problems at all. Would stay again at drop of a hat.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JoKnits
<Content>Great hotel, perfect location, nice and quiet I stayed at this hotel for a conference. I read the reviews in advance and the hotel was as the positive reviews indicated. My room was very quiet, and the hotel in general is on a quiet side-street. The only drawback of the location is as a single female traveler one of the blocks was perhaps a little too quiet to walk down alone late at night. But the other pathway to the hotel was well-lit and traveled enough to feel safe.The location is unbelievably good. It's just off the main Placa Catalunya (sp?), so I took the airport bus as was suggested by previous reviewers. It would be a bit hard for a taxi to find it. The hotel is a stone's throw from all the sights of the Gothic Quarter and quick walk into the neighborhood with the Gaudi sights. However, it's not a noisy location, as my colleagues who stayed on Las Ramblas complained about their locations! The service was fine, and the room was in good condition (although small for U.S. standards - typical for Europe). The price was fabulous for such a good-quality room and good location. Colleagues spent much more for poorer quality rooms and more distant locations.I would stay there again, most definitely.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tammy72
<Content>Perfect for a weekend break As Europeans ourselves I guess we're a little more used to the perceived rudeness of our mainland continental friends (I'll excuse us Brits on this occasion!). However, I cannot fault the staff at this hotel - they were helpful, friendly without being intrusive and very professional. The hotel itself was ideal - its location being the highlight. This made it very good value and the perfect place from which to explore this city. Walking is the way to see Barcelona so my real advice is, leave your suitcases behind, put on your comfortable shoes, and wander about as much as you can. One tip - to avoid looking too much like a tourist pop into one of the Caixa (banks) you'll find on almost every corner in order to look at your map then walk around with the confidence of a local!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DC_Traveler
<Content>Perfect choice The hotel was great. A large clean bathroom. They provide lots of toiletries-- toothbrush, razor, lotion, shampoo, shower gel, comb We had a nice little balcony. Walking distance to everything. I would have preferred a real king bed than two doubles pushed together. Though, I would recommend this hotel to others.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Sonerila
<Content>Great little place, just don't have thin skin I stayed here with my son for two nights before we left for a 12 night Med. cruise. We took the airport shuttle to a drop off point near the hotel, but carrying 7 suitcases, we looked desperately for a cab to take us the rest of the way, even if it were for just a few blocks. This was my first experience in Europe at which time I quickly realized our culture in the U.S. is completely different. We heard 3 responses to our plea for a cab, one telling us the hotel was in the opposite direction it actually was in, another telling us it was that way giving ambiguous directions and two more cabbies who said vehicles were not allowed on the street and that we needed to walk. After about an hour of total frustration, exhausted from the 11 hr flight, jet lag, and toting our heavy luggage around in heat and humidity we weren't used to, I sat on our luggage in the plaza and almost started to cry while my son took directions from people and walked around in circles only to return to me shaking his head. Each person we talked to pointed in a different direction to our hotel. Finally, I found one lovely woman who drew me a map with street names and arrows. We followed the map and found we were actually only 5 min. away the entire time, but the Gothic Quarter is a maze of narrow cobblestone alleyways that don't seem to go in any logical pattern. When we finally collapsed into the hotel lobby, I told the desk clerk how difficult it had been for us to find it and how happy we were to finally arrive. She asked for my booking info and proceeded to, very efficiently, book me into our room. No comments whatsoever about my dilemma. Very professional, that was all and no help getting the luggage to our room. This was the way we were treated by all staff there. The hotel was lovely, the breakfast buffet was one of the best I've ever had, but the staff were cold and distant. I realize this is their culture and that Spaniards aren鈥檛 the Hey, how ya doin'? type; no, Have a nice day, here. In fact, that was the way it was all over Europe. Very to the point, very professional, but if you were to drop dead, they'd sweep you aside to make space for the next person. I found this attitude, along with being ripped off by high-priced merchants, (10.00 Euro for a glass of ice tea, 17.50 for a cappuccino which included a sitting fee, 154.00 for a water taxi to the airport in Venice) and cabbies enough to end my fascination with Europe. As far as the hotel, though, if I were ever to go back to Barcelona, which I really did find fascinating and the women beautiful, I would definitely stay at this hotel. The room safe wasn't working when we arrived and they repaired it within a few hours. We needed to store our luggage after checkout and before the ship arrived and there was absolutely no question that they would keep it in their safe. They treated us very well, the hotel room was beautiful and fabulously clean. The buffet was amazing. I will pass on their name and recommend them to anyone. Just beware, you can get very lost if you don't know your way around. Also note: taxi's are allowed onto the streets to deliver you to your hotel, I just think there isn't enough money in it for them because it's a short distance. Also note that if you're from the states, the hotel staff are going to seem unfriendly to the point of rudeness, but I think that is just their way. That attitude continued all throughout Europe.I would have given this hotel 5 stars, but it was relatively expensive and the buffet was not included in the price; that was an additional 12.50 euros pp, I think.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay here This is a great hotel in a fantastic location in the Gothic Quarter on a quiet street. I've visited Barcelona and number of times and stayed in different hotels and this was by far the best (and good value for money). Our room was beautifully decorated, immaculately clean and had a huge bathroom complete with every kind of complimentary toiletry. I'll be back again next year.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>logonmar
<Content>Delighted with Hotel  Having chosen this hotel based on previous reviews its now my turn to comment.In a nutshell we were very pleased. Location is tremendous as it is less than a 5 minute walk to the main tourist action in Barcelona (Las Ramblas).Hotel was quiet, rooms clean, air conditioning etc.When we arrived (and throughout our stay) we found the staff to be very helpful and encountered none of the negative aspects (rude staff etc) referred to by other reviewers. We were asked if we wanted a twin or a room with a double bed. The room we got was quite small and there was no view from the window but hadn't expected one. Intention was to use our room as a base of operations and this it fulfilled extremely well.Would definitely stay there again next time we visit Barcelona and am happy to recommend it to others  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Location Clean Hotel and pleasant staff We stayed 3 nights. Very clean hotel, pleasant staff and a wonderful location just off the Ramblas. Would recommend this hotel and would use again when visiting Barcelona  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Brilliant location, good price, very clean. Nice clean unfussy rooms.No frills or extravagances but a great base to explore Barcelona.We had breakfast there, very nice. Perhaps if I went again I would wander into any of the nearby bars or cafes for breakfast at much less cost - but a fine spread of food at the hotel.Didn't eat here in the evening - go out, you're in Barcelona!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>waggy
<Content>Excellent Hotel Lovely hotel,quiet location just off la Ramblas.Efficient and friendly staff.Spotlessly clean.Watch out for the pickpockets, and gypsies carrying babies !They will put a newspaper on the table and pick up anything under it !!! Dont get caught on the pea under the cup trick ! Its a big scam by an organised gang.The only winners are part of the gang themselves !!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>EmilyNYC
<Content>LOVED our stay at NH Duc Barcelona LOVED our stay here at the NH Duc Barcelona. We stayed in comparable hotels (not NH) in Madrid, Bordeaux, and Toulouse, and this was our absolute favorite. Beautiful hardwood floors, spacious rooms, courteous staff (all of whom spoke excellent English). The bathrooms were huge and very nice--Grohe showers with tremendous water pressure. Everything was absolutely spotless. The window was average-sized; we faced inward, so the view wasn't anything special, but things were generally very quiet. Location was amazing--just off the Rambla and a few minutes to a subway stop. There were also great shops all around.The only negatives: Internet access wasn't free (we brought our laptop, but for wireless access, you had to pay 6 euros an hour or 12 euros for a day), and then there was the twin beds theme that seems to prevail in Spain: instead of a full or queen or king sized bed, we got two twins pushed together. Since they were on rollers or something, they moved around quite a bit, so we ended up sleeping just on one of the twin beds. If they could fix this situation, this hotel would be near-perfect.We got a pot of coffee and a pot of milk from the restaurant that we brought up to our room for 1,80 euro each morning--a little thing, but something we very much appreciated because we drank a lot of coffee on our trip and felt we always paid too much. . . .We will definitely stay here again on our next trip to Barcelona, especially if we can get the same rate of 70,09 euro per night. This room would easily go for well over $200 (probably $250) in New York!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel for Exploring Barcelona !! Stayed at the hotel for 4 nights in July. On arrival at the airport, caught the A1 Aerobus from outside the terminal for a 40 mins journey to Placa De Catalunya. Price 3.60 euros each, and stops outside the department store El Cortes Ingles. Can be a bit of a scramble to board the bus with cases, bags, etc, but they come along so frequently its not a problem if the first couple are full. The hotel is just a 5-7 minute walk walk from the bus stop and is ideally situated for exploring Barcelona. It is set just off Les Rambles so as to be very quiet at night, yet close to everything that Barcelona has to offer. Good buffet breakfast with choice of tea/coffee, fruit juices, cereals, pastries, meat, cheese, etc. Didn't have much need to deal with reception staff but found them to be polite and efficient on arrival and upon checking out. Room was clean  tidy as was the bathroom. Towels changed daily  lots of bathroom toiletries. Tea  coffee making facility would have been nice and only one english speaking channel on the tv. Bought a two day pass for the bus turistic (17 euros each for 1 day, or 21 euros each for two days - must be conscecutive days). Children aged 4-12 charged 10 Euros  13 Euros respectively, under 4 are free. Once bought, you can get on  off the bus as many times as you like within the day, or two days. Its a great way to see everything that Barcelona has to offer. Two routes operate North (red) and South (blue) with a couple of transfer points from one route to the other along the way. The tour of barcelona Football club is a must for any football fan (red route) and you can get some great views of the city of Barcelona from the MNAC - Museu Nacional d'Art de Catalunya (blue route). You can buy tickets at the respective bus stops and although there may be lots of people queuing, its very well organised and the buses are very frequent. Its great to walk up  down Les Rambles - lots of human statues, artists, bird sellers, flower stalls, restaurants. Better still, visit the Attic restaurant for dinner (120 Les Rambles). Arrive early 6.45pm - 7.15pm and have a window seat overlooking Les Rambles and watch the world go by. If you prefer eating later would advise booking. Food is very good  extremely well presented, although don't expect it to be piled up on your plate. Cost approx 16 Euros per person for a main meal  dessert. If you like Italian, try Gino's which is situated at the port end of the Les Rambles, behind the shopping centre. If you want beefburgers there's always the Hard Rock Cafe on the Main Placa de Catalunya. Would definitely stay again !!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Epicurious_Travelers
<Content>Will stay here again! I stayed here for 4 nights last week and really enjoyed it. The location is perfect - walking distance to all the neighborhoods you want to visit and it is very clean with large rooms and bathrooms, especially for Europe.I am a pretty jaded traveller and found the hotel refreshing, reasonably priced and very clean. I will definitely stay here again and have already recommended it to family and friends.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay and good location I stayed here with my family for 2 nights. The location is great and near so many stores, restaurants, attractions. The one drawback is that is is off the main strip in a shady street, so please don't walk alone at night. Other than that during the day it is great. The rooms were small, but expected, we had a nice balcony looking over the street, so that was an added bonus. The rooms were clean and so was the bathroom. They give nice toiletries, shampoo, conditioner, lotion, toothbrush, shaver, comb, soap, so you don't have to worry about bringing your own.The front desk was helpful, but sometimes they seemed to get annoyed that we were tourists. I would definitely stay here again, I think that it was worth it and so close to everything.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Phantomjww
<Content>Great Location We stayed at the hotel for 2 nights prior to a cruise and returned for 3 nights after. They hotel is about a 5-10 minute walk to Plaza Cataluna, 4 minutes to La Ramblas, 5 minutes from the Cathedrel. So, its a great location. Our first 2 nights we had a nice sized room, large bed, sitting area. On our return, the room was 1/2 the size, 2 twins pushed together and no view at all. Funny, the price was the same per night? Never figured that one out. When we asked they said a room similiar to our first visit was not available.Like previous writers, we noticed an attitude at the front desk. I don't want to say they were rude, and we are not picky Americans, (we travel a lot). It was just that they were not too interested in advice, or even trying very hard with the language barriers. In fact, I speak a little spanish, they spoke a little english, but were not very interested in trying to communicate. Its a small boutique hotel with a very small lobby with a sitting area area, front desk and 3 small elevators. It might be me, but usually on our travels, when you enter a small space and return at the end of the day you are usually welcomed with a hello, or hola or something. Here they often did not even look up or come out of the back room.Would I stay there again. YES! Do I think its a great location, Absolutely! Do I think it could be a better hotel with a little customer service, TOTALLY! When you think about it and read the other reviews, customer service should not be the primary complaint of a hotel guests. If they have location, price, convienience and other essentials, management should insure that customer service is taken care of too.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>edinburghers
<Content>nice rooms, value for money but front office unhelpful nice rooms with good furnishing, good value for money. comfortable, modern and clean. then again I guess you pay for what you get, no business centre, told to go internet cafe...well one usually wouldn't need the computer on a holiday but then again.Front desk staff rude and most unhelpful, reluctant to help with directions, ferry tickets etc.then again if you want to pay the min for a nice, comfy room and don't expect 5 star service it is fine.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>ava
<Content>Decent Hotel but rude front desk Spent first two nights of a longer trip here. Rooms themselves are fine. First assigned to room with a view of airshaft but when we asked for a move they did move us to an exterior room. (Why not start off that way to begin with?) Buffet breakfasts great, especially if you are American. Overall would give this hotel much higher rating except for deplorable front desk staff. Always in the back room chatting. Gal at front ignored us when we first arrived. Just kept chatting on phone with her friend...at length. During our stay the range of attitudes of staff here swung from indifference to insolence. Also cab driver insisted he could not drive on the street here (This was not true.) and dropped us off a few blocks away. Location is excelllent however for walking and being near the Gothic Qtr. and Ramblas. For the price I would NOT stay again just because of front desk.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel in Barcelona       The Front of NH Duc de la Victoria  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>NH Duc de la Victoria-just ok Stayed here with my partner last year. The hotel is professionally managed but not that great.Nothing major, the room we had was expensive, small and very dark as it faced into a courtyard, (this could have been okay-but the court yard was very boring-no plants or attempts at dinng anytrhing with it). the light had to be on at all times, the bedding was only changed every two days.The hotel is okay, quite clean, and the staff are pleasent, but not really what one would expect from a four star hotel that charged so much.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>alannjune
<Content>Brilliant location and not too expensive My wife and I where staying in Santa Susanna, further along the coast. We wanted to have a couple of days in Barcelona to do the open deck bus tours and the Ramblas. With the help of the Aquamarina Hotel reception staff, we booked the NH Duc de la Victoria.It took us about an hour by train to get to Barcelona, Placa de Catalunya station. Unlike the person that was ripped off by one taxi driver, we went for a taxi because it was raining but the guy in the taxi gave us directions and said just to walk it, it would only take 5 minutes. He was right, so they're not all bad guys.The Hotel and staff were first class, the location could not be better. On our second day, although checked out, the staff kept our luggage until approx 20.00hrs when we were organising to go back to Santa Susanna.Again, because we knew our way about a bit (almost natives by now) we walked to the train station in approx 5 minutes.NH Duc de la Victoria...Brilliant. Barcelona...Fantastic.We will return!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jsuspect
<Content>Great Location We stayed at the NH for three nights. After we checked in, my girlfriend and I noticed that we had 2 single beds, so she checked with the clerk and we were upgraded (along with a wink from the clerk) to the top floor, with a balcony with views of the Cathedral and Montjuic. Definately great service!I agree with another reviewer about the taxis taking advantage of tourists. We were a bit tired getting into Barcelona and did not realize how close the hotel was to Placa Catalyuna, so we grabbed a taxi that took us for a 10 euro circular ride and then dropped us off and pointed out how to walk to the hotel!Unless you have a lot of luggage, it's very easy to get around Barcelona by walking and taking the metro.I also recommend Set De Born for great Catalan  Castillan tapas (try the combination meat and cheese plates!), and Origins...both of these are in the Born and about a 15 walk from the hotel.Wish we had more time...3 days is not enough...5 would be about right.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value Just spent 3 nights at the NH Duc de la Victoria with my husband and 12 year old niece and was very pleased. Great location and QUIET. Room was very nicely appointed, the bathroom ammenities were very nice (my niece really liked the shower gel) and the towels were great! The room was a bit small for 3 - but manageable. We paid 114EU and went to the previously mentioned bagel shop for breakfast which was just what we wanted (try their fresh fruit salad with yogurt and honey!). Staff was fine with good English - but we did not interact with them that much.Took the bus from the airport which worked out really well. Also used the subway - very easy. Recommend Egipte (Las Ramblas, 79) for a tapas lunch close by (but don't eat at the italian place next to it) and Xampanayet in La Ribera. Barcelona is great! Wish we had had more time.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Wonderful Stay We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights  had a thoroughly enjoyable stay.Room was well equiped with lots of nice toiletries  a comfortable bed.All staff were friendly  the breakfast was extensive  tasty.Location is fabulous being close to the Ramblas, Transport  the Gothic area.Luggage hold in reception  safe in room were great additions.Would recommend this hotel to anybody as it provides good quality.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Transatlanticgirl
<Content>Smack bang in the centre of things I stayed here for 2 nights on my own on a May weekend before joining my work colleagues for a conference at the Hotel Arts. I thought the hotel was in a fantastic location between La Rambla and all the shopping on Port D'Angel. The rooms were clean and modern and I especially linked the Smints left by your bed each day - bit of a different touch! Importantly the hotel was quiet at night so you could sleep - part of the reason I chose this hotel as although La Rambla is fun, it is noisy. The tripadvisor reviews were really helpful on this point. This hotel gives you the best of both worlds. Word to the wise - check your bill as I was charged twice for breakfast I didn't have. It was taken off but the staff weren't exactly friendly in assisting me. In some hotels the staff are so OTT on the service, it can be painful but the staff here were helpful when pushed and as long as they're not rude, it's fine by me. I had a great stay. This is much better for value and location than the Arts where I stayed after the weekend.  
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LP55
<Content>Excellent Location, excellent hotel: Duc de la Victoria What a great hotel! The location cannot not be beat, the front desk staff is helpful and courteous, and the bathroom is luxurious. The extensive breakfast buffet is outstanding, and the waitstaff makes you feel very welcome. We enjoyed our full week-long stay here. Barcelona is magnificent, and we hope to be back soon!  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice hotel Based on the reviews on this site, I chose to book the nh Duc Victoria for a short trip to Barca with my wife. The hotel was everything we were looking for. It is absolutely central, meaning you can drop shopping bags/get a change of clothing/get some suncream/have a nap inbetween your activities in Barcelona. This was wonderful for us. Being so central also means you can get there rather easily: Take the airport bus stopping directly in front of the terminals (3,6鈧?per person) to the Placa de Catalunya. You can't miss the place: it's HUGE and likely most other passengers will also depart there. The bus drops you in front of a big department store (Corte Ingles). Turn right and head into the pedestrian street Portal de l'Angel. After 300m the street narrows down a bit and you turn right into the Av. Canuda. After 50m the Av. Duc de la Victoria (and your hotel) is dirctly to your left. Total walking time: 3-5 min.Our room was furbished in a very modern and elegant way and was sqeaky clean, the bed was comfortable (if a bit soft for my taste), and the room was very quite during the night. All technical facilities (TV, safe, minibar, shower etc.) were in perfect working order.We booked the breakfast and found it to be excellent. From the complete cooked english stuff (bacon, eggs, fried tomatos, mushrooms, sausages etc.) over cheeses, sausages, fresh fruits, various cereals to a wide variety of local cakes there was everything to get you started in the day (and to slow you down again if you didn't stop eating in time). We did skip lunch because the breakfast was so rich.Talking of eating: If you don't mind walking a few steps before dinner, I'd like to recommed the El Mussol (Aragon, corner with Passeig de Gracia). They have a menu in English/German/Italian, excellent food, and *very* nice and helpful staff. Enjoy your stay in Barcelona.  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>anne2606
<Content>excellent Just back from a 3 nights stay there with friends and have a few comments :- it is true that some taxi drivers just didn't know where the hotel street was (it is a very small street indeed) : tell them that it is very close from the Pla莽a de la Vila de Madrid.- the hotel breakfast is excellent, with delicious fresh pastries and fresh fruits,+ the usual cooked breakfast, yoghurts, cereals, etc... It is really worth the extra charge.- my twin bedroom was large and had a tea/coffee making facility, which wasn't the case for the other bedroom we were using . A problem could occur in the bathroom, which wasn't too small but where you literally had to climb over the toilet to access the bath : can be quite akward for anyone disabled or overweighted .- the reception staff was very helpfull and the booked all the restaurants for us (it is quite difficult to find a table in a good restaurant even one day ahead during week-ends)We really loved this hotel, which is worth much more than 3 stars .A few tips about Barcelona :- one must be aware that the Gaudi buildings are very expensive to visit : more than 15 euros for the Casa Batllo, 8 euros for the Sagrada Familia where there is actually nothing to see because the inside is totally covered with scaffoldings...- we soon realised that most taxi drivers were actually going very long ways round with us . These things sometimes happen when you are a tourist, but nowhere before had any of us experienced that on such an extent and it was very unpleasant .  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very nice hotel Very nice modern hotel, just 2 minute walk from The Ramblas and Placa Catalunya. Very clean room with plenty of space. Staff were not overly friendly but that did not bother us. Minutes walk to Barcelona Cathedral and the metro. Metro is so easy to use. Buy the T10 ticket and save money!! Its good for 10 metro, bus or tram rides and definitely saves money. Barcelona is a great city!!! Would definitely return to this hotel and recommend to friends.  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>plane2train
<Content>Perfect Old Town Location.. After reading other reviews gave this a go on Sunday 1st May. Flew into Girona and this place is just comfortable 15 min walk from the Estacio De Nord bus station on arrival. Tried to get the 5th floor but was offered a 3rd floor room with two balconies..v.nice! Lovely clean modern airy room in which it's easy to feel at home straight away. Large bathroom with must-keep-these toiletries! It was twin beds pushed together for a double..but we didn't mind. Some street noise on a Sunday (when the bin men come round) but a minor quibble. Reminded me of Apex Hotel in Edinburgh (also rated). The bagel shop (mentioned elsewhere) is essential..1 min walk away. Turn right out of hotel and right again. Yellow frontage. Great for breakfast. Was dispappointed with Cafe Zurich (cheap watery wine) but there's a tapas bar near the cathedral I'd highly recommend on way back to hotel. It was called Bilbao something (sorry). Atmosphere was buzzing and they serve large Torres 10 brandies at 4 euro each..You can buy tapas by the cocktail stick..and wished we'd eaten there. Sunday not a good night for eating out..others may disagree! Had bad paella in a restaurant the other side of the cathedral square in orange-themed place..not recommended!Wouldn't bother with hotel bar..no atmosphere..but good if youre the only ones there. Would like some tips for rooftop eateries for next time if anyone can help?  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>crouchhill
<Content>Thankyou TripAdvisor Members Just returned for a 3 day break in Barcelona.Stayed in the Victoria on the strength of the reviews off this site, and I tell you what, it's bloody accurate !! I thought teh Victoria was everything it was described as and meant to be. No frills, but exactly what you pay for and you need no more. The rooms are lovely, wood interior, with a television (only English channel is CNN), a lovely little bathroom and a wonderful power shower. The cleaners naturally clean your room everyday and leave you some sweets at the end. The staff at the front desk were very very very helpful, spoke English (and if they didn't they bloddy tried hard) and when we had to check out, they were more than pleased to hold onto our bags till later in the evening.The location is marvellous, it's just off the 'Las Ramblas' which is the main street off Barcelona, so you couldn't ask for more regarding that. All in all, it's a really good hotel. 5 stars.  
<Date>May 14, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ohafc
<Content>cracker of a hotel went to this hotel on the stength of the reviews , and what a bostin hotel.deserves a 4* rating , free luggage room etc makes it that bit easier if checking out late as we were.recommend going on bus touristic 17 euros all day pass,beware a lot of rip off tapas bars walk on main ramblas.10min walk up the top end to catuluna ramblas by diagonal for cheaper prices and better food,arriving at the airport don't use taxis.jump a blue/green single decker airport busoutside the main terminal for 3.60 euros direct to catuluna station and its 3min walk to this great hotel.highly recommended,brilliant value at 拢43 pp per night , also use the bagel shop round corner its lovely  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location Stayed in the NH Duc de la Victoria from 19/4 - 22/4. It lived up to all my expectations having read all the other reviews I have seen posted here. The room was immaculately clean and we were lucky enough to get a room on the fifth floor with a balcony looking over the rooftops. We didn't use the restaurant for breakfast or dinner. I'd recommend Cafe Zurich on Catalunya Square at the top of Las Ramblas for coffee and croissants before setting out in the morning. It's literally only 5 minutes walk away and you can people watch on the outside terrace while you eat!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lalalalaLola
<Content>Gem of a Hotel We spent three days in Barcelona at the beginning of April and certainly enjoyed our stay at the Duc de la Victoria. Probably the only tricky part was finding it as we had to take seperate cabs from the train station...three children, lots of luggage...and neither cab driver knew where it was, even with the benefit of the address. Called the Hotel using the driver's cel phone and they were able to guide us in. Enjoyed the benefit of the two corner rooms; like a mini suite, 218/219 and found everything to be clean and well maintained. Could happily reccommend.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>peachy11
<Content>Great hotel! I'm just back from a long weekend break at this hotel and I loved it- was glad I had read all the reviews here and found them all to be true- the location is perfect, close to the port, Las Ramblas, the tourist bus etc. The rooms are lovely, with really nice toiletries, the mini-bar had the best prices I have seen in an hotel.. We didn't have breakfast or dinner at the hotel, but like the other reviewers, we found the Bagel Shop was ideal. The only fault I found was the phone didn't work in the room, but we didn't need to make any calls so it really didn't bother us- I would love to return to this beautiful city and I will definitely return to this hotel!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>443
<Content>Good location This hotel is in a really great location in Barcelona's old town, close enough for a walk down to the Mediterranean along the Ramblas or up to the Eixample. It's also only a few minutes walk to the Cathedral. The rooms were clean, the staff friendly and the price was great. The only downside was the view over an unattractive interior courtyard from our window, but this was not a deal-breaker by any means. Overall, this is a good place to stay.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Harleycat
<Content>Great location, just like the reviews Our family of 4 spent 3 nights at the hotel in February 2005. We were thrilled to receive rooms next to each other (118/119) with an additional exterior door. It was like having our own mini-suite. The breakfasts were more than plentiful and satisfied even 10 and 8year olds tastes! The stroll from the taxi stand at the Hard Rock Cafe an easy walk to the hotel... we had small cases on wheels. The rooms are clean, well maintained by housekeeping, and the location is central while being conveniently tucked away and quiet (at least in winter months when windows aren't open). We didn't ask for any recommendations on restaurants, etc but can only say that the staff was helpful in retrieving and sending our kids the stuffed animals that were accidentally left behind!! We loved the city, the sites, the people, the paella, the atmosphere. The hotel contributed to a wonderful holiday. Enjoy.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Andrew85
<Content>Excellent Location!! Good Quality Rooms, Friendly Staff I took my girlfriend here in December '04 for a weekend break on birthday, and i am pleased to say that i was very happy with my choice of hotel.The hotel is in a excellent location, situated on a quiet street which is less than 1 minutes walk from the bustling Las Ramblas, and with it being right in the centre only 2-3mins walk from Playa Catalunya (One of the main centres in Barcelona, from which you can catch the turist buses and service buses). Also within 5mins walking distance was the shopping area.I was also pleased with the room, it was very clean and modern. It also hade a double bed rather than the annoying 2 singles pushed together. The only possible complaint i would have with the room was that it was very warm and the Air Conditioning didnt seem to do much, altho we came to the conclusion that they may have had the heating on in the hotel as to the staff 20 degrees in December may be cold (judging by the amount of spaniads wearing thick coats). Not a major point but just bear in mind if going in Summer.The staff were very pleasant and helpful, whenever we asked them anything.So overall i would say that this hotel is well worth staying in, and definatley one i would stay in again.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best city in Europe! Stayed at this hotel on the 7th and 8th of January and found it to be both very comfortable and of excellent value. For 鈧?0 per night (plus the obligatory taxes) the hotel punched well above the 3 star rating. The location is superb, deep in the Gothic Quarter, close to the Cathedral, La Rambla and Plaza Catalunya. Staff on the front desk were very helpful in any of our queries and suggested a spectacular tapas bar just around the corner which is an absolute must visit.Best time of year to be in Barcelona, plenty of locals around, wonderful winter days, not the heat of the summer, and the sales started on Friday (if required).Absolutely loved Barcelona, only down point of the entire trip was the return codeshare BA flight to London and flying on Iberia which would have to be the worst airline I have ever flown. Booked on the BA website, paid full tote odds for the flight, didn't get any service, had to argue with the snotty flight attendant to get a cup of water for my pregnant wife as water is charged for and the free water is only for the crew!!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel!! We,two girls in our early twenties, stayed here in August 2004,and had a wonderful experience.The hotel is situated right in the heart of the shopping district,yet the hotel street is quiet.The reseption made a lovely first impression,with a cool breeze from the A/C to soothe the weary travellers.Our room was above all expectations,with plenty of space,great beds and a very nice bathroom.Cleanliness was good throughout our stay.We had some problems with the safe in our room,but thanks to very helpfull staff,it was solved in no time.If interested in sightseeing,tourbuses left from Placa Catalunya (a square two blocks away from hotel) continously.The beaches weren`t exactly close,but easily accessible from nearby Metrostations.All in all,a highly recommendable hotel!!Enjoy your stay!:-)  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Redbaytraveller
<Content>Really central for shopping We stayed at the hotel for three nights on a short shopping break. Great location in the pedestrian area and just yards from the main shopping streets. Rooms were spotlessly clean, although the safe did not work. The hotel lacks a lounge and while there is a small bar hidden away upstairs behind the restaurent, it was tiny and it seemed to be a bit of a chore to find the barman. However, the location more than makes up for these small gripes. Would recommed this hotel - and we only paid 83 euros per night!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LarrywashingtonDC
<Content>Great hotel, terrific location with a very helpful staff. We stayed at this hotel for a week in November 2004. In my opinion, this was an excellent value for the money (especially since I was paying in US dollars which are not worth anything like they used to be). The hotel is in an older building with a lot of historic character. However, the interrior is completely redone and is very up to date. The localtion could not be better. My wife and i walked to every major site. Staff was also terrific. As I said, overall, a great value.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RagazzaDelVino
<Content>Great location, quiet street! We stayed at the hotel for four days end of November and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. We made the decision based on the other reviews we read online here and the company's website. We booked online and got a fairly decent deal w/out the breakfast. There's a bagel shop right around the corner! Verify that you will be getting one bed in a double (instead of two single beds pushed together). On our last day in Barcy, the hotel was very kind to lock up our baggage in their storage room w/o a problem. The location is excellent w/ your choice of either the Liceu (metro stop) or Placa de Catalunya (metro stop).We would definately stay here again and would even recommend it to our friends/family!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Spahn21
<Content>Great place to stay On the basis of TripAdvisor reviews, we stayed at the Duc de la Victoria for 6 nights in late October. The reviews were right on the mark. The location is simply unbeatable: on a quiet side street, a block or so from La Rambla. While not palatial, the rooms are perfectly fine and certainly up-to-date and spotless. Take a pass on the room service, but the hot and cold breakfast buffet is a steal at 6 Euros per person. This hotel offers great value for money. When we return to Barcelona, we won't even consider staying anywhere else.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel This hotel is in a great location. It is very clean and one of the best sound proofed hotels I have stayed in. It is an excellent base to explore Barcelona from. We would definitely stay here again when visiting the city.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel In Excellent Location Just returned from a 4 night stay during October 2004. This is a good value  spotlessly clean hotel. Excellent buffet breakfast with something for everyone. Staff very friendly and speak good English. Location is perfect for shopping  bars etc. We stayed on top floor which had a great balcony. Some building work adjacent but not really a problem. Finished at 5.00pm prompt and did'nt start before 8.00 am. This is a tranquil backwater whilst still in the heart of the city. Great bedroom with security safe  reasonably priced minibar. If this hotel had communal amenities it would be 4 or 5 star. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, even better location! My Fianc茅 and I stayed at the NH Duc De La Victoria on 30 August 2004 for two nights. We arrived quite early in the morning and although we requested an early check-in, our room wasn't ready. This wasn't a problem at all though as a member of staff took our bags through to a locked room, while we went out to explore the area and have some tapas! We returned to the hotel shortly after 12.00 noon and as promised, our room was ready. Being a trip to celebrate my Birthday, the hotel had given us a complimentary room upgrade and we were more than happy with our room. It was on the 5th floor and one of the few rooms with a balcony. What was even better was the fact that it was a corner room, so we had a balcony on each side of the room. The room itself was fairly small, but had all the necessities and was very clean and modern in decor, with a nice wooden floor. The bathroom was very compact (but again, nice and modern) and was a bit of a squeeze for two people to be in there at once, but for such a short trip it didn't worry us. We were staying on a room only basis, so can't comment on the breakfasts but we did take a look at the restaurant and it looked very nice. On the same floor, there is a very small bar area, which we didn't drink at but handy to know it's there. I think the main bonus about this hotel, is it's excellent location. It is down a lovely quiet little street, just behind Las Ramblas (literally 3 minutes walk) and is about 5 minutes walk from Placa de Catalunya and the metro - which is very handy if you intend on getting the train from the airport. Incidentally - the train from the airport is a very cheap, quick and efficient way of getting into Barcelona - would recommend it. Side tracking slightly more, I would really recommend a restaurant on Las Ramblas called The Attic. Literally a couple of minutes from the hotel, it is a really excellent modern restaurant with very good food and a lovely atmosphere. Try to get a table next to the window and spend some time people watching over Las Ramblas. Do book a table in advance though as when we were sitting down to dinner, people were just turning up and getting turned away as they were full for the evening. Oh and one last thing - do take one of the open top bus tours - its a great way to see the City and once you have a ticket, you can get off at places of interest and get back on again, as many times as you want. So, to summarise NH Duc De La Victoria, I would say it is a wonderfully clean and modern hotel and the location would be hard to beat. Definitely great value for money. If we return to Barcelona, which I'm sure we will do one day, we would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel, centrally located just came back from a 3 night stay and had a great time, the room was clean and the hotel was close to all the major attraction, it's just a few blocks off the ramblas so it was very quiet at night, althought the street was a little deserted at night, i never had any problems  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was terrific Friends and I booked at this hotel based on the strength of the reviews here and we were not disappointed. For travelers in our spending range - not budget, but not the Ritz either, it was the perfect option - pleasant rection staff, well-kept property, friendly, excellently situated. I would defintiely return here.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Five star hotel!! What a surprise!! After our stay in Paris, we were welcomed into a modern and very large room! The hotel is right off the Rambas and not noisy at all! The room was very spacious with lots of amenities. Our room had a view of the quite street below and was brightly lite by natural light. We like it so much we stayed an extra night! We definitely will recommend this to anyone visiting Barcelona. If we are in Barcelona again, we will come back!!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really Good THE HOTEL: Really well situated hotel, less than 5 min. to the Placa Catalunya (Central Square, Metros, Busses, Taxis, Shops, etc.) and also a few steps walk to the Ramblas Street, the most famous street in Barcelona. The port is about a nice 15 minutes walk down the Ramblas, and you really are close to everything as it is perfectly in the middle of all sightseeing places throughout the city. And hey, here's a good tip: It's so quiet!THE WELCOME / STAFF: The people at reception was really nice and helpful. Not really somtehing to say, was nothing out of the common, but it was good for a 3*. Nicely suited also. THE STYLE: The hotel is a really nice architectured building, in a pinky-orange color, very mediterranean, yet very modern style. The inside is really beautiful, lots of open spaces, sofas in the lobby (small but really nice), and all the hotel is fitted with that nice style.THE ROOMS: We had a room with double bed, 116, 1st floor exactly over the entrance. We had a little balcony which was fun to have a look at all the people passing buy or just for having a smoke as I never smoke in the rooms. Only 1st floor rooms have balconys though. The web was really nice, very comfortable, the cloth was very thin for summer (August) so we were not too hot. A/C is functional, and keeps the room cool. Minibar, pin code safe, closet, desk, TV (TV5, CNN). The Bathroom has a bathtub, a big mirror, toilet and Bidet, as well as toothbrushes, shaver, creams, soap, and a hair-dryer. Really good!THE EATING: We have not experienced the food, as we took a non.breakfast offer. there are lots of bakerys in the area, which are good. The restaurant looks very nice though in the morning (it look like it!)CONLUSION: 100% Recommend it. It's part of these few hotels where you feel good, cared about, and in a really beautiful place! And in total style of course!ACTIVITIES IN BARCELONA: Here's for you, if you're not totally convinced: There is so much to do! Be sure to visit the Guell Parc, The Sagrada Familia, The Passeig de Gracia, a Tapas Bar there, the Montju茂c hill, Placa d'espanya, Paleu Nacional, the Ramblas, The Old Town (Ciudad Vella), and its cathedral and streets, Rambla del Mar, Aquarium, the beaches for a drink (or a swim), the Placa Catalunya, the muesume (Gaudi, Miro Institute, Marine...) and so much oher stuff... Have fun!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Hotel Excellent location; very close to Las Ramblas!. Very quiet; very elegant, super clean, very attentive staff, FABULOUS breakfast!. Wonderful bed, excellent bathroom. The BEST VALUE for your $$$$; highly recommend it  
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Location, nice hotel This is a modern funky hotel is in an excellent location minutes from Las Rambla and the Cathedral. The room was modern and clean with a balcony overlooking a very pretty, quiet street. Oddly, for a hotel of this quality, there is no bar.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel with a great location We recently stayed at NH Duc de la Victoria in Barcelona. We were quite surprised with this hotel. For a 3 star, it was increadible! Very clean, very modern and 1 block off Las Ramblas. The price per night was very reasonable as well. We would definitely stay here again. No complaints at all, great hotel!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolute Gem I absolutely loved this hotel. The location is nice because it's away from the sometimes noisy Rambla, but it's close enough to run out to grab a late dinner. I loved loved loved sleeping with the window open everynight. The staff was curteous and spoke English which was helpful. It was VERY clean and the water pressure in the shower was super nice which is a great thing! The style of the hotel and the level of service was worth every Euro spent here! I will definitely return.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant Stay Clean Quiet Hotel, Wonderful Central Location, Mind Blowing Breakfasts - Friendly waitresses - Good value for money - recommend it 100%.Have to agree with others Bagel shop round corner rather good!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>anderwitz
<Content>Terrific Hotel My husband and I just returned from Spain. We were very happy with this hotel. Our room was clean and spacious. The beds were very comfortable and the room was quiet. The location is terrific - just off Las Ramblas and near the cathedral. The only negative aspect is the unfriendly staff. They couldn't have cared less about customer service. However, despite the staff I would still highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice time We, mij wife and I and two friends stayed at your hotel from 22 april until 27 april. The hotel is located in de center off the town just near the Rambla. However the location is perfect. Quiet at night and when you walk for about two minutes your at the hectic center. The staff diserves a compliment, they were friendly and helped us correctly when we had questions. We will come back to your hotel for sure.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JamesADB
<Content>Great Location, Great Hotel Just spent 4nights here for Easter weekend largely based on reviews found here. My wife and I were not disappointed. The hotel has a fantastic location to explore the city, having now found my way around I cannot think of a better place i could have stayed location wise. The hotel itself is very clean with friendly staff. Stay BB to enjoy an excellent continental style breakfast containing everything from fresh fruit to fresh smoked salmon. If we return to Barcelona this is the place I'll stay. If there were a downside it's the fact that there is no bar but you should have no trouble finding one of those somewhere else!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Have just spent 3 nights at this hotel last weekend. Booked because of reviews on this site and the hotel was excellent. Room was spacious and very clean. Enjoyed breakfast which had a very good choice of hot or cold. Great position, close to La Ramblas and main square but on quiet street. Got bus from airport to square which was very cheap and convienient. Had great meal in the Attic restaurant as recommended earlier (just around the corner from hotel on La Ramlas) Loved Barcelona and can't wait to go back. Would definately recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel, Great Location Stayed here last month (Feb 04) - Nice hotel in a great location. Convenient for the Ramblas, the Barri Gothic and the port but quiet and restful. Rooms clean and spacious, we upgraded to a superior room, more room but only came with twin beds... They promote wireless internet access in the rooms but it must've been an off day - we requested a logon but 2 hours later no-one had called back. Second the comments about the Bagel shop though - great place - went there twice!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great, briilant location   showReview(1724136, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel    showReview(1665614, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Redt
<Content>Perfect location   showReview(1647404, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dovershore
<Content>lovely hotel with great location   showReview(1642499, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kt-bird
<Content>brilliant location   showReview(1564411, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Mediocre Staff   showReview(1552236, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel   showReview(1544055, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent   showReview(1505746, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>to enjoy barcelona best   showReview(1377769, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>andratx
<Content>great hotel with ideal location   showReview(1155572, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Daddy51
<Content>Hervorragende Lage, kleine Qualit盲tsm盲ngel bei Service und B眉ffet   showReview(23341912, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La maniglia della finestra del...   showReview(21161702, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel excelente: la...   showReview(21161700, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pippo300808
<Content>Semplicemente Magnifico   showReview(19574669, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>cicciocamillo
<Content>......semplicemente perfetto!!!!   showReview(8461622, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DolphinSunshine
<Content>Perfekte Lage f眉r einen St盲dtetrip nach Barcelona   showReview(8418473, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Lidia_Ortega
<Content>Genial, lo mejor la ubicacion   showReview(7476123, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>berlin1946
<Content>Super Geburtstag!   showReview(7338750, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	3	

